                                         Dear Colgate Shareholder...
Another Year of Strong Top-Line Growth, Widespread Market Share Gains
A Year of Positive Growth Momentum
We are delighted that 2005 was a year of excellent growth momentum for Colgate. Global sales rose 7.5% to an all-time record level and global unit volume from continuing businesses grew 6.5% on top of the outstanding growth achieved in 2004. In fact, every operating division reported sales and profit increases for the year.
We are also encouraged by the 0.5% increase in global pricing that built during the year to 2.0% in the fourth quarter, the largest increase in 21quarters. This is a good indication that our global focus on more efficient trade spending is beginning to show results.
Advertising spending supporting the Company’s brands rose 12% to an all-time record level on top of double-digit growth in 2004, leading to worldwide market share gains and strong volume increases.
Profits in 2005 include $145.1 million of aftertax charges associated with our previously dis- closed 2004 Restructuring Program. This four-year restructuring and business-building program was undertaken to help ensure continued long-term solid worldwide growth in sales, unit volume and earnings per share. These charges were partially offset by the net aftertax impact of certain Other Items that increased profits $29.9 million.
We are very pleased that just one year into the 2004 Restructuring Program, we are generat- ing strong gross profit margin increases, up 100 basis points in the fourth quarter, excluding restructuring charges, despite sharply rising energy-related costs worldwide.
The sale of Colgate’s North American and Southeast Asian detergent businesses during the year is consistent with our strategy of focusing on our higher margin, faster growing oral, per- sonal and pet care businesses and should further the growth momentum of these businesses going forward.
Cash flow was also strong with operating cash flow reaching an all-time record level for the year. The Company’s strong cash generation and positive growth momentum led the Board of Directors to authorize a 21% increase in the quarterly dividend rate effective in the second quarter of 2005.
Overall, Colgate’s fundamentals are strong and getting stronger, with all key ratios moving in the right direction.
Colgate People Drive Our Business Success
The commitment of Colgate people to incorporate Colgate’s values into their work and lives is a major factor driving our business success worldwide. Our three global values of Caring, Global Teamwork and Continuous Improvement, along with a deep respect for people, shape our culture and give Colgate an important competitive advantage.
As a global company with our sales balanced among four vast geographies, we benefit from a diverse management team representing all areas of the world. Working and living in a number of different countries and cultures broadens their backgrounds and improves their ability to work as one global team. Currently, we have more than 400 managers working outside their home countries to strengthen our business unit results while preparing for increasingly responsible man- agement positions.
At the senior leadership level, we recognize the importance of global goal alignment. Last April, senior management and general managers from all subsidiaries met to establish key priorities and reaffirm proven business strategies. Out of this meeting came key strategies to accelerate Colgate’s global growth in the years ahead.
As we look to the future, we will build on the outstanding example of leadership provided by President Bill Shanahan, who retired in 2005 after 40 years with the Company. During his long, esteemed career at Colgate, Bill served in every division around the world. His many roles gave him an in-depth perspective on the Company’s operations, which he used in subsequent corporate
  REUBEN MARK
“Colgate is entering 2006 in an excellent position after a year of strong top-line momentum that built throughout 2005. Our financial strategies are on track and the fundamentals
of our business are sound. We are confident that, excluding restructuring charges and accounting changes for stock- based compensation, we will generate double-digit earnings per share growth in 2006.”
   IAN COOK
 “Our focus on new product innovation and our increased level of commercial invest- ment are driving market shares to record levels and generating strong volume increases around the world. These efforts and other brand-building activities are helping Colgate continue
to achieve great success.”
2

                                         leadership roles to establish consistent global processes and strategies focused on key perform- ance measures.
Our Board of Directors and Colgate people everywhere join us in expressing heartfelt thanks to Bill for his expertise, insights and invaluable
contributions to our current and future success.
Driving Growth Worldwide
Colgate’s growth strategy includes an emphasis on innovation in everything we do, from new products to global distribution, from effective advertising and promotion to valuable partner- ships with the dental, veterinary and scientific
communities, suppliers and research firms.
This approach has led to continuous strength- ening of brand leadership positions and market shares in key product categories. Colgate’s global
market share leadership in toothpaste expanded during the year to a record level. Our global market share in manual toothbrushes also rose during the year, reaching an all-time record.
To further encourage innovation in all areas of the organization, we have established a pro- gram that will fund innovative projects from any department or function. At the same time, we are increasingly working with outside experts to develop ideas for new products and processes.
Our new product pipeline is full with innovations that address diverse consumer needs using new ingredients and innovative packaging and design. Increased focus on consumer and shop- per insights is identifying new consumer benefits, helping to anticipate future trends and expand- ing our knowledge.
We are increasingly benefiting from understanding local consumer habits and preferences and developing products that address them such as Colgate Propolis toothpaste. Colgate Propolis toothpaste combines propolis, a natural ingredient collected by bees believed to have healing properties, with Colgate's oral care expertise.
We are also providing new stain removal, cleaning and protection benefits with products like the Colgate 360° manual toothbrush, designed with a unique tongue cleaner, and enamel- reinforcing Colgate Luminous toothpaste. For the many consumers participating in today’s fast- growing spa trend, Colgate offers the benefits of a spa-like experience at home with personal care products such as Palmolive Aroma Creme, infused with essential oils and moisturizing cream.
Increasing Brand-Building Activities
Introducing innovative new products is just one step toward achieving global leadership. Both new and established brands must be supported by effective brand-building activities. These include everything from sufficient investment in advertising to strong professional endorsements, from connecting with consumers in new ways to understanding what affects their purchase decisions.
In 2005, Colgate’s advertising spending was at a record high, up 12% versus the prior year, led by a double-digit increase in media. This is generating healthy volume and strong market share gains worldwide.
Strengthening our relationships with the dental and veterinary professions is key to Colgate’s strategy to drive increased trial and loyalty in our oral and pet care businesses. In addition to supporting a multitude of oral health care initiatives around the world, Colgate is applying the
N
 et Sales
($ millions)
  11,397
10,584 9,903
                                                                        Advertising
($ millions)
9,084 9,294
            898 898 966
1,194 1,063
                                                                 Dividends Paid
(per common share)
         0.90 0.68 0.72
1.11 0.96
                                                        3
                     
 Gross Profit Margin and Additional Information*
(% of sales)
  55.3* 55.1
54.4
        55.0
55.2*
            54.6
         53.4
                                     * Excludes restructuring charges which reduced gross profit by $100 mil- lion and $3 million in 2005 and 2004, respectively, under the 2004 Restructuring Program. These charges reduced gross profit margin as a percentage of net sales by 90 basis points and 10 basis points in 2005 and 2004, respectively.
  Operating Profit and Additional Information*
($ millions)
                              1,835
2,166 2,191* 2,284* 2,013 2,122 2,215
                                                             * Excludes restructuring charges which reduced operating profit by $183 million and $69 million in 2005 and 2004, respectively, under the 2004 Restructuring Program. In addition, 2005 excludes the net impact of certain Other Items which increased operating profit by $114 million.
  Diluted Earnings Per Share and Additional Information*
           2.46 2.19
2.64* 2.4
2.43 2.33
                          1.89
                                                   * Excludes restructuring charges which reduced diluted earnings per share by $0.26 and $0.09 in 2005 and 2004, respectively, under the 2004 Restructuring Program. In addition, 2005 excludes the net impact of certain Other Items which increased diluted earnings per share by $0.05.
                                        Dear Colgate Shareholder...
(continued)
                         2*
successful professional strategy of its GABA oral care business in Europe, which has built market-leading positions from close ties with dentists, pharmacies, dental schools and students. In Italy, for example, the GABA brand is recommended by dentists for cavity prevention three times more often than any other brand.
Reaching consumers effectively today means going beyond traditional mass media outlets. Colgate marketing and research people spend time with consumers in their homes to see how they use our products and in stores to see how they shop for them. Focusing on where and how consumers shop has led to placing television commercials in-store and enhancing packaging to allow consumers to touch and feel unique features of our products right at the shelf.
Increasing Efficiency Everywhere
Colgate embarked upon a four-year restructuring and business-building plan just over a year ago, the 2004 Restructuring Program. This program has already begun generating important savings used to further increase marketing spending, acceler- ate innovation and increase profitability.
Designed to both accelerate growth and generate additional savings, major ini- tiatives of the 2004 Restructuring Program focus on developing a truly global supply chain with fewer, more sophisticated state-of-the-art global and regional manufactur- ing centers. Additionally, business support functions for subsidiaries around the world are being consolidated into global and regional shared service centers.
Another important element of the 2004 Restructuring Program, globalizing procurement, is achieving significant savings for raw and packaging materials as well as for indirect purchases such as personal computers, telecommunications, printed materials, and advertising and promotion. In the past four years, we have increased our annual savings from these kinds of indirect materials more than ten- fold and we expect savings in this area to continue.
Increased efforts to maximize the effectiveness of Colgate’s commercial invest- ment with new analytical tools are giving us a better understanding of which pro- grams provide the best return on investment. This major initiative, soon to be aided by a new SAP module, has had great results in the U.S. and Mexico and will be expanded around the world.
Looking Ahead
As we look to the future, we remain firmly committed to our proven focused busi- ness strategy which gives priority to our high-margin, fast-growing oral care, per- sonal care and pet care businesses. We continue to invest to build our priority businesses in key consumer markets around the world including the U.S., Brazil, China, India, Mexico and Russia.
With this sharp focus on our strategic priorities, the benefits from our restruc- turing program and our dedication to effectiveness and efficiency in everything we do, we will continue to aggressively support our leading brands worldwide and expect our current growth momentum to continue. We are confident that, exclud- ing restructuring charges and accounting changes for stock-based compensation, we will generate double-digit earnings per share growth in 2006.
   4
Thank you,
Reuben Mark Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Ian Cook
President and
Chief Operating Officer
  