TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

POND
Joseph A. Carrabba, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Of ficer

Cliffs successfully managed through the volatile economic environment that all U.S.-based companies faced in 2009. Early in the year, we responded to the massive financial-crisis shocks with actions designed to preserve cash, enhance liquidity and maintain profitability. We lowered production levels to meet steep decreases in demand, enacted management salary reductions at every level, decreased the cash dividend and raised capital through a secondary offering. These actions positioned Cliffs to endure the most ominous of economic scenarios and ensured that the Company would emerge strongly from the worst global recession in recent history. By the second half of 2009, improving demand from steelmakers in North America led to production increases at most of our facilities. In addition, we continued to pursue strategic avenues for profitable growth. As the year drew to a close, we realized improved visibility in our markets and strong cash flow, which enabled us to confidently restore our cash dividend to its former level.
MANAGING THROUGH THE CYCLE

Our view regarding the long-term outlook for steelmaking raw materials has always been positive. Cliffs consistently works to create value through every stage of the business cycle. During the industrial turbulence that characterized 2009, we sustained that legacy. Cliffs realized many significant corporate development and operational achievements during the year. These included:


2|3

Matching production in each of our businesses with the demands of a dynamic and changing market environment characterized by extremes Raising $347 million of net proceeds from our May equity offering Acquiring our Wabush Mines partners' 73% interest, making it a wholly owned subsidiary Acquiring Freewest Resources and its valuable chromite deposits Repositioning our Asia Pacific Iron Ore business under the Cliffs Natural Resources corporate name and identity Publishing the Company's first Sustainable Development Report under the internationally recognized Global Reporting Initiative framework Listing Cliffs Natural Resources on the Professional Compartment of NYSE Euronext Paris Being selected as a member of the S&P 500 Index.















WE CONCLUDED THAT THE FINANCIAL CRISIS DID NOT CHANGE OUR LONGTERM POSITIVE VIEW OF THE MARKET FOR STEELMAKING RAW MATERIALS AND ACTED ACCORDINGLY.



Acquiring our Wabush Mines' partners 73% interest, making it a wholly owned subsidiary Acquiring Freewest Resources and its valuable chromite deposits Proceeding with plans for construction of a biomass fuel production facility near Marquette, Michigan





BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES

Our growth and diversification strategy levers Cliffs' proprietary expertise in steelmaking materials and is focused on accessing the world's fastest growing steel markets. Consistent with this was the opportunistic acquisition of our partners' interests in Wabush Mines for $88 million. Cliffs has long acted as the operating partner at Wabush. A full-ownership position is compelling in that it provides 4 million tons of incremental iron ore pellet production capacity and more than 50 million tons of additional reserves. Furthermore, it offers access to seaborne iron ore markets serving steelmakers in Europe and Asia at a time when many industry analysts are predicting significant price increases for this trade. Our expansion into chromite through the Freewest Resources acquisition, which closed in January 2010, will expand Cliffs' capabilities beyond carbon steel to producers of stainless steel. The "Ring of Fire" chromite project in Ontario, Canada, will be the only primary producer of ferrochrome in North America. It is expected to produce 1 million to 2 million tonnes of high-grade chromite ore annually, which we plan to further process into 400,000 to 800,000 tonnes of ferrochrome. At today's ferrochrome price, this would translate into a billion-dollar business for Cliffs. This is an example of an acquisition on which Cliffs is uniquely suited to capitalize. By year-end, Cliffs also had made considerable progress with an exciting new economic development opportunity for the growing 4|5 renewable energy industry, as its majority-owned subsidiary renewaFUEL received plan approval for the construction and full-scale operation of a next-generation biomass fuel production facility near Marquette, Michigan. Several years of operation at a pilot plant in Battle Creek, Michigan, have demonstrated that these renewable energy cubes can replace fossil fuels in any number of industrial and other applications. The new plant is expected to produce 150,000 tons of high-energy, low-emission biofuel cubes annually when it commences operation around mid-2010.
2009 SUMMARY FINANCIALS

Consolidated revenues for the year were $2.3 billion, down 35% from the record $3.6 billion achieved in 2008. The decline was driven by lower volume in Cliffs' North American businesses and lower year-over-year pricing for iron ore and coal. While year-overyear comparables were down, improving demand in the second half of 2009 positively impacted our operations, leading to robust sequential increases in revenues and earnings. Net income attributable to Cliffs' shareholders for 2009 was $205.1 million, or $1.63 per diluted share, compared with $515.8 million, or $4.76 per diluted share, in 2008.

WE ENTERED 2010 IN SOLID FINANCIAL CONDITION WITH THE FLEXIBILITY TO TAKE ACTION WHEN ATTRACTIVE ACQUISITIONS OR OTHER OPPORTUNITIES ARISE.



Low debt, reflected in a 17% ratio of debt to total capitalization Undrawn $600 million revolving loan facility and $503 million in cash Poised to generate more than $900 million in cash from operations





IMPROVING OUTLOOK

We are currently experiencing a much healthier business environment in North America compared with the dismal environment of the first half of 2009. However, questions remain concerning the stability and pace of global recovery. As always, we will monitor the markets closely and continue to operate appropriately. Cliffs' Asia Pacific Iron Ore segment is expected to continue its strong performance in 2010, reinforcing the rationale for our long-term geographic diversification strategy. China imported 628 million metric tonnes of iron ore in 2009, up 42% year over year, according to recent reports. This seemingly insatiable appetite for steelmaking raw materials bodes very well for our continued success in this geography. Turning to the coal markets, some reports are indicating that China may have imported approximately 30 million tons of metallurgical coal in 2009, more than 10 times the level of 2008. This translates to more than 10% of the current global seaborne trade for met coal, and is expected to result in a further tightening of supply across other geographies. This is consistent with our long-held conviction that the global met coal market offers exceptional fundamental growth prospects.
WELL POSITIONED IN CHOSEN MARKETS

Our recent selection by Standard & Poor's to be included in its S&P 500 Index is indicative of our standing in the industry. The S&P 500 is the world's most followed stock market index and the leading benchmark for the U.S. equity market as a whole. We enter the new decade in solid financial condition with low debt, an undrawn $600 million revolving loan facility and $503 million in cash, giving us more than $1 billion in liquidity and the flexibility to take action when attractive acquisitions or other opportunities to maximize shareholder value present themselves. In 2010, assuming current industry analyst forecasts for iron ore and coal are correct, Cliffs is poised to generate more than $900 million in cash from operations. If there can be only one takeaway from the events of 2009 for Cliffs, it is that our strategy is working ­ providing a solid foundation to achieve success in periods of both market strength and weakness. I would like to acknowledge our Board of Directors for their counsel and support, without which the execution of our objectives would be impossible; our talented and spirited colleagues, who successfully rose to 2009's imposing challenges; and our shareholders, for their continued support of our strategy and vision.

6|7

Sincerely,

Joseph A. Carrabba Chairman, President and Chief Executive Of ficer March 26, 2010

