letter to our shareholders
Cleveland-Cliffs emerged from 2007 a fundamentally different company. This was the result of dynamic execution of our global expansion and diversification strategy. In addition to achieving record revenues, we completed three strategic transactions that not only changed the profile of our Company, but are expected to be meaningful performance contributors beginning this year. The transactions, which include new interests in Asia-Pacific and Latin American mining operations, as well as exportable North American coal assets, illustrate the ongoing realization of our plan.
Joseph A. Carrabba Chairman, President and CEO Strategy for Growth

With our highly productive, cash-generating North American and Asia-Pacific iron ore assets producing at record levels, in early 2007, management undertook a disciplined macroeconomic assessment to guide our future growth. This assessment resulted in a concentration on natural resources characterized by: ­ Recent and unprecedented demand in Asia, particularly China; ­ Favorable geologic or industry dynamics; and ­ High potential for long-term cash generation. This focus is guiding our strategy. It has also led to Cliffs capitalizing on opportunities in seaborne iron ore and metallurgical coal.
Building a Global Presence: Amapá and Sonoma

Analytical and qualitative reviews of two development-stage projects early in 2007 culminated in acquisitions that further extended Cliffs' international reach. We completed our first Latin American transaction in March 2007 with the purchase of a 30 percent interest in the Amapá Project. Amapá is located in Brazil and MMX Mineração e Metálicos S.A., an integrated mining, mineral processing, production and logistics company, currently owns the remaining 70 percent. Production at this operation, which commenced in December 2007, consists of iron ore concentrate and is fully committed to a 20-year supply agreement with a customer in the Middle East. Early in 2008, this project received a vote of confidence when MMX announced a planned transaction to sell its majority stake to Anglo-American, a world-renowned mining major with a proven track record as a world-class operator.

2

A Great Lakes freighter loads Cliffs' iron ore pellets from the Company's LS&I Railroad ore dock in Michigan's Upper Peninsula.

Following our investment in Amapá, we broadened our presence in Asia-Pacific and diversified into seaborne coking and thermal coal through a 45 percent economic stake in the Sonoma Coal Project in Queensland, Australia. Shipments initiated the first quarter of 2008. Principal customers for Sonoma's metallurgical coal are JFE Steel and China Steel, and thermal coal production is committed to a utility company in South Korea.
Continued Mineral Diversification

We continue to strive diligently for a zero-accident environment through rigorous training and education programs, as well as established loss-prevention principles.
2007 Financial Results

Complementing our entry into international coal markets, in July, Cliffs purchased a U.S. producer of premium-quality, low-volatile metallurgical coal. Operations comprise our newly established North American Coal business segment and include two mines in West Virginia--the Pinnacle and Green Ridge Mines--and the Oak Grove Mine in Alabama. The asset features reserves of more than 120 million tons. Production and sales volumes are currently on plan at the mines and contractual agreements have been secured for nearly 100 percent of the expected 4.5 million tons of production in 2008. Customers for North American Coal are based in Europe, South America and the United States. Unanticipated geological conditions at the Pinnacle Mine caused a temporary slowdown and coincident lack of fixed-cost leverage that negatively impacted 2007 financial results. This, combined with expenses related to the implementation of Cliffs' standards in mine development and safety at the three mines, produced unusually high per-ton costs. We expect average per-ton costs in our North American Coal segment to significantly and steadily decrease in 2008, and believe that the combined operations of North American Coal and Sonoma are an excellent counterpart to our legacy iron ore businesses.
Safe Production

Our 2007 financial performance reflected higher sales volumes and price realizations in Cliffs' North American Iron Ore and Asia-Pacific Iron Ore segments. This contributed to an 18 percent consolidated revenue increase for the year--eclipsing the 2006 record results. Compared with 2006, average per-ton sales revenues for our North American Iron Ore and Asia-Pacific Iron Ore operations rose 3 percent and 12 percent, respectively. North American Coal revenue per ton for the five months since the acquisition was $70.83. Consolidated full-year operating income totaled $382 million, up from the record of $366 million set in 2006; and net income was down slightly at $270 million, compared with $280 million a year ago. The decrease primarily reflects losses incurred due to the temporary production delay in North American Coal and acquisition-related expenses. Turning to an operational review, Cliffs' North American Iron Ore pellet production for its own account was 21.8 million tons--up from 20.8 million tons a year ago, reinforcing the Company's leading position. This production increase was achieved despite less than full production at two North American Iron Ore facilities during the year's first half, testifying to the positive impact of Cliffs' Six Sigma and other proactive business improvement initiatives. Perhaps even more illustrative is that costs per ton in North American Iron Ore were held flat yearover-year. Full-year production in Asia-Pacific was 8.4 million tonnes, compared with 7.7 million tonnes in 2006, due principally to the completed Koolyanobbing expansion at Portman. North American Coal production for the five months ended Dec. 31, 2007, was 1.1 million tons.

As we implement our operating strategy in the North American Coal segment, we remain steadfast in our commitment to safety as the Company's No. 1 priority. In 2007, our continuous improvement efforts resulted in a Total Reportable Injury Frequency Rate of 1.93 at our North American Iron Ore mines, slightly below our target of 2.0 and the lowest level in Company history.

3

Financial Flexibility

To provide the financial flexibility to respond rapidly to new strategic expansion opportunities, we secured an $800 million credit agreement in August 2007. At Dec. 31, 2007, we had $157 million of cash and equivalents and $360 million of borrowing capacity under the revolver. Primary uses of cash in 2007 included $503 million related to the purchase of PinnOak; $200 million in property, plant and equipment, $160 million of which is related to Sonoma; and $181 million for joint-venture investments, including our interest in the Amapá Project.
Capitalizing on Technology to Enter New MarketS

In the first quarter of 2008, settlements between a major seaborne iron ore producer and consumers resulted in a 65 percent price increase for iron ore fines. This settlement is expected to be a precursor to additional large price increases for other iron ore raw materials, including lump and pellets. In addition, metallurgical coal prices have recently increased considerably reflecting, among other things, China's intense demand for steelmaking materials. In short, the macroeconomic factors in the global steel industry continue to reinforce our strategy. I am proud of the accomplishments we made in 2007 in the areas of expansion and diversification. As our development projects ramp up in 2008 and beyond, Cliffs will be a much different company with a more diversified business profile. With our 2007 accomplishments positioning Cliffs as an international mining entity, I am more enthusiastic than ever about our business and its direction. In the years ahead, we will continue our legacy of operational excellence, as we seek out growth opportunities within our strategic framework. In closing, I would like to acknowledge our board of directors, whose counsel and support is invaluable to the execution of our strategy; our dedicated management team and employees; and finally, our shareholders, for their ongoing support. Sincerely, Joseph A. Carrabba Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2008

Cliffs also forged an alliance with Kobe Steel during the year to employ Kobe's patented ITmk3® technology for making iron nuggets. We intend to build a commercial-scale plant capable of producing 500,000 tons of nuggets annually at Cliffs' Empire Mine in Michigan. Due to reserve depletion, Empire is expected to cease pelletizing operations by 2010--the year we expect to begin commercial nugget production. The Kobe iron nugget project is expected to provide Cliffs entry into the electric arc furnace market, the fastest growing segment of the U.S. steelmaking industry and one in which Cliffs does not currently have a product to offer. At the end of 2007, Cliffs made a strategic investment to acquire controlling interest in a promising "green" energy company, Renewafuel, LLC. This investment provides Cliffs access to a biofuel that may prove a suitable substitute for coal and natural gas used in our production of iron pellets, as well as product marketable to other industrial companies.

mineral diversification by sales

geographic diversification by customer location

2006

2007*

2008E

2006

2007*

2008E

100%

0%

96%

4%

84%

16%

77%

<1% 4% 19%

73%

3% 6% 18%
North America China Japan Other

68%

9% 6% 17%

Iron Ore Coal

* Since 7/31/07 acquisition of PinnOak Resources, LLC

4

