MESSAGE FROM THE CEO

Dear Fellow Shareholder:
2015 was a momentous year for Cliffs. We made several crucial decisions aimed at strengthening the Company, our balance sheet and our core U.S. iron ore business. We have not veered from our U.S. based strategy which is predicated on one fundamental fact: China's steel demand is actually shrinking, not growing. During one of the most demanding environments for global iron and domestic steel in over a decade, we accomplished all that we set out to do and enter 2016 as a refocused and re-energized company. Throughout 2015, our focus on cost reduction, operating efficiencies and optimizing cash flow drove solid results, despite depressed iron and steel prices. Our operating teams delivered lower production costs and profitable margins across all continuing operations. Full-year capital expenditures and SG&A spending were reduced to levels not seen in many years at Cliffs. Most importantly, the discipline and cost focus of our operating teams did not come at the expense of two non-negotiable values of our company: safety and environmental stewardship. In contrast to many other players in the industry, we did achieve our non-core asset divesture objectives. A very important component of our strategy was the complete divestiture of our North American Coal business. We ended the year 2014 on a high note having completed the sale of Logan County Coal for $174 million in cash and the assumption of certain liabilities. In a very similar fashion, we finished 2015 by selling the Pinnacle and Oak Grove mines in a transaction valued at $268 million based on the buyer assuming substantially all of the liabilities of that business. Within Canada, we initiated formal restructuring proceedings under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) ("CCAA") for the Bloom Lake and Wabush mines. We made substantial progress with these assets. By year-end, an asset purchase agreement to acquire the Bloom Lake mine, some mineral claims and related rail assets was executed and has recently been approved by the CCAA Court. In 2015, we also completed the sale of our Chromite assets in Northern Ontario as part of the CCAA process. We also finalized the sale of the Decar Nickel project in British Columbia and the remaining portfolio of exploration projects. Each transaction represents a very important step in implementing our U.S. iron ore pellet-centric strategy. In the U.S., the domestic steel industry was hampered by historic levels of unfairly traded steel imports which weakened our customers' demand for pellets. We worked very well throughout the year to implement a production plan to adjust to our customers' reduced requirements. Looking more broadly at Cliffs' market position in the U.S., certain competitive threats that were emerging have all but faded away over the past year. Moving forward, our competitive position in the Great Lakes region is stronger than ever before. While we are still in the early stages of developing our DRgrade pellet business, we are very optimistic about tapping into a new market segment as a future supplier to EAF steel producers. Using our technical expertise to increase our product offering, we are excited about our new business opportunity as a supplier of DR-grade pellets to DRI producers. At this stage, we have reached a significant milestone with very positive results from the successful operational trial of our DR-grade pellets.

C L I F F S 2 0 1 5 A N N UA L R E P O R T

One of the most important achievements for the year was the refinancing of Cliffs in the face of a very difficult debt market for the mining industry. A significant undertaking during the first quarter of 2015, we captured available market discounts on our various bonds to reduce our net debt through a second lien debt exchange offer, removed the onerous financial covenants tied to our old revolving credit facility by replacing it with a new asset-based lending facility, and we completed a firstlien note offering that netted us nearly $500 million dollars in cash. Also during the year, we took advantage of the opportunities offered by the debt markets and completed a cash tender offer for our senior notes which significantly reduced our nearest-dated debt maturity and associated future interest payments. Through these liability management exercises, we reduced net debt by nearly $200 million dollars. Additionally during the first quarter of this year, we launched an exchange offer to replace approximately $512 million of existing indebtedness with new 1.5 lien bonds. This debt exchange alone will reduce debt by $293 million and lower interest expense by $14 million during very difficult financial market situations. Our roadmap to our future financial success is simple and actionable. We will:  maintain our non-stop focus on cost reduction;  use our technical expertise and strong market position in the U.S. to increase our product offering and foster improved profitability; and  continue to pursue debt reduction opportunities. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I want to thank the entire Cliffs' team for their continued commitment and dedication to the Company. We also thank our partners, customers, rail providers, shipping companies and the United Steelworkers for their cooperation as we made difficult, but necessary decisions related to our production plans to respond to evolving market conditions. Last, but for sure not least, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of you, my fellow shareholders, for your unwavering support as we took the bold steps necessary in pursuit of our strategy. We know we have more work to do and our management team is fully committed to get the job done. I am grateful for your farsighted investment in our great Company and your continued trust in Cliffs. Sincerely,

Roadmap to Future Financial Success
Our roadmap to our future financial success is simple and actionable. We will:  Maintain our non-stop focus on cost reduction  Use our technical expertise and strong market position in the U.S. to increase our product offering and foster improved profitability  Continue to pursue debt reduction opportunities.

Lourenco Goncalves Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

