LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Dear Fellow Shareholder: A year ago, we told you that we were glad to put 1999 behind us. That statement was, of course, a reaction to the very difficult year our Company had in 1999 when we had to cope with an unexpected dip in pellet sales. We also told you we were anticipating a significant improvement in year 2000 earnings that would be driven by higher sales volume and better sales margins due to higher production volumes and cost reduction. At that time, our biggest uncertainty was the ramp-up of production at the Cliffs and Associates Limited (CAL) reduced iron plant in Trinidad. Unfortunately, the strength of the U.S. and Canadian economies in the first half of 2000 proved to be a double-edged sword for the steel and iron ore business. Accelerating demand from the automotive, appliance and construction industries pushed operating rates at North American steel plants to near capacity levels. However, the large steel consumers also began to import increasingly large amounts of steel. As the import volumes rose, North American steel operating rates fell and prices collapsed. At the same time, energy prices surged and the once strong economies in the United States and Canada began to rapidly weaken. By the fourth quarter of 2000, deteriorating business conditions in the steel industry had reached catastrophic dimensions, and most of our partners and customers reported substantial losses for the quarter. A growing list of steel company bankruptcy filings demonstrated the severity of the crisis. Two filings in the fourth quarter were of particular significance to Cliffs ­ the November 16th filing by Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corporation and the December 29th filing by LTV Corporation.

2

Despite the rapid deterioration of the North American steel business in the second half of 2000, Cliffs-managed mines operated at near-capacity levels and produced a record 41.0 million tons. Cliffs' share of production was 11.8 million tons versus 8.8 million tons in 1999. The Company sold 10.4 million tons of iron ore pellets in 2000. This was a major improvement from the 8.9 million tons sold in 1999, but less than our original sales expectation. While we planned to build inventory in 2000 to meet projected demand in future years, a steep decline in fourth quarter shipments caused our year-end inventory to increase to 3.3 million tons, well beyond the planned level. Net income was $18.1 million in 2000 versus $4.8 million in 1999. Excluding special items, net income was $10.1 million, a $9.7 million increase from the $.4 million recorded in 1999, primarily due

to significant production curtailments in 1999 and higher pellet sales volume in 2000. The margin on pellet sales in 2000 was a major disappointment, even as we operated at full production and eliminated the high fixed cost penalties incurred in 1999 when we curtailed production by 3.0 million tons. While we made progress in pursuing productivity and cost reduction objectives, our successes were overwhelmed by higher energy costs, notably natural gas and diesel fuels, and cost inflation in other areas such as medical costs. Operating difficulties, particularly at the Empire and Wabush Mines, also contributed to the poor cost performance. Disappointments in 2000 were not restricted to our core iron ore business. After struggling with the start-up of its plant in Trinidad for more than a year, CAL decided in mid-May to suspend start-up

3

activities in order to evaluate plant reliability and make modifications to portions of the plant. After several key modifications were completed, the plant
Millions
40

was restarted and operated for a month to test the
TOTAL STEEL IMPORTS TO THE UNITED STATES ­ NET TONS

modifications and gain additional operating experience. The results of this test were very positive. Plant operations improved significantly, and we produced several thousand tons of high quality commercial HBI, despite the known flaws in a portion of the

30

20

flowsheet. At the end of July, the plant was shut down again
10

to evaluate on-going economics and decide whether or not to complete the remaining modifications. In the

0 '80 '81 '82 '83 '84 '85 '86 '87 '88 '89 '90 '91 '92 '93 '94 '95 '96 '97 '98 '99 2000

third quarter, LTV withdrew its financial support of CAL, and Cliffs and Lurgi decided to complete the plant modifications and acquire LTV's 46.5 percent
"Unfairly dumped steel imports, including steel slabs, totaled 38.0 million tons in 2000, the second highest amount in history"

share of CAL for a nominal upfront payment. For the balance of the year, the plant remained idle while modifications were undertaken. The decision to proceed was based on the successful July test, a favorable

4

beginning in 2001, the LTV bankruptcy filing has made this expectation more problematic. The increase in our ownership of Empire has raised Cliffs' total sales capacity from 11.8 million tons to 12.8 million tons. The LTV bankruptcy filing resulted in a relatively modest charge to fourth quarter results. However, there are substantial contractual obligations and management relationships between Cliffs and LTV, and non-performance by LTV could have a significant impact on Cliffs and/or the Empire Mine. The closure financial arrangement on the buyout of the LTV interest, and a comprehensive evaluation of the project economics. CLIFFS TODAY Given the business outlook, the recent bankruptcies of Wheeling-Pittsburgh and LTV and the weak financial position of other partners and customers, Cliffs has significant challenges ahead. Prior to the Wheeling filing, which did not have a significant adverse impact on Cliffs' results in 2000, the Company exercised its right to acquire Wheeling's 12.5 percent indirect interest in the Empire Mine. No cash was paid to Wheeling for the interest, only assumption of additional mine liabilities. The acquisition of Wheeling's interest increased Cliffs' ownership in Empire to 35 percent and raised Cliffs' share of the mine's 8-million-ton-production capacity from 1.8 million tons to 2.8 million tons. While we expect to sell the additional tonnage to LTV of LTV's wholly-owned mine in Minnesota on January 5th is expected to make LTV a major iron ore customer of Cliffs in 2001 and beyond, under a multi-year sales contract executed in 2000. LTV is also a 25 percent partner in the Empire Mine. Since its filing, LTV has continued to meet its obligations as a partner of Empire, and we expect LTV will purchase its iron ore pellet requirements from Cliffs. However, LTV has neither affirmed nor rejected its ownership in Empire or its ore purchase contract with Cliffs. In addition, there is much uncertainty relating to the level at which LTV's steelmaking facilities will operate. Bill Calfee, Cliffs' executive vice president-commercial, is chairman of the LTV Unsecured Creditors Committee, and we are committed to achieving a satisfactory outcome. The steel and iron ore business in North America is going through a painful process of restructuring whereby only the strongest facilities are likely to survive. This will ultimately produce a stronger, more

5

competitive industry, but the path in the near term is fraught with difficulty and uncertainty. We are managing our iron ore business with the expectation that integrated steel and iron ore production capacity will continue to shrink, and foreign competition will remain intense. We believe Cliffs can be a stronger factor in a consolidating North American pellet market. Most of our pellet capacity is competitive, on both a cost and quality basis, but all of our mines can improve their position. While we have always focused on cost and quality, we need to make dramatic changes in the way we operate to serve a "new" steel industry. Our objective is to be the most admired minerals compaMillions
10

ny, and we are not going to let any barriers to improveSEMI-FINISHED STEEL IMPORTS TO THE UNITED STATES ­ NET TONS

ment get in our way. Cost reduction is a key element of our corporate-

8

wide initiative called ForCE 21 (For Competitive Excellence in the 21st Century). ForCE 21 is de-

6

4

2

0 '80 '81 '82 '83 '84 '85 '86 '87 '88 '89 '90 '91 '92 '93 '94 '95 '96 '97 '98 '99 2000

"The steel import problem that is particularly troubling to Cliffs is the dumping of semi-finished steel slabs, which totaled 8.6 million tons in 2000."

6

signed to produce organizational and operational excellence through employee involvement and cultural change. It promotes accelerated change with a focus on improvements in cost, quality and safety. Employee teams, including hourly employees at all facilities, are challenging existing practices in a search for better, more cost effective ways of improving operating performance. On the inside front cover of this report are Cliffs' core values that provide a framework for ForCE 21. Although this initiative is just beginning, we have achieved impressive results in a number of areas and are optimistic about its potential. We recognize that we must do more and are challenging all areas of our organization to ensure that we are being as cost efficient as possible: · Productivity improvements will result in lower employment levels at most locations, and the outsourcing of various support services is being implemented. The cost savings of these actions when complete will be significant. · We are working with suppliers of purchased materials and equipment to reduce prices. Over the last two years, we have entered into alliance agreements with a number of suppliers. These suppliers have made major price reductions in exchange for

larger volumes and longer-term contracts. We have achieved significant cost savings utilizing the "reverse auction" process available with our e-commerce software platform and expect to realize additional savings with this technology. · Labor contracts negotiated in 1999 resulted in a strategic alliance with the United

Steelworkers' Union, which is providing a unique opportunity to cooperatively pursue objectives that are focused on cost reduction, improved labor productivity and safety. · All operations are taking actions to minimize energy costs. Energy costs represent almost 25 percent of mine operating costs depending on the mine, so actions taken in this area are vitally important. The increase in energy costs from 1999 to 2000 penalized Cliffs' operating earnings in 2000 by about $14 million. The adverse impact of high energy costs is expected to continue in 2001. While our business plans are not dependent on reducing imports of steel and iron ore, Cliffs and its

7

steel company partners and customers need a level playing field to deal with foreign trade. Unfairly dumped foreign steel imports are systematically eliminating North American steel capacity, and unfairly imported steel slabs are cutting into the iron ore market. U.S. steel imports, including steel slabs, totaled 38.0 million tons in 2000, the second highest amount in history. There is significant excess steelmaking capacity in the world, and the United States is a magnet for the surplus due to our weak enforcement of existing trade laws and a strong dollar. Foreign steel companies are selling steel in the United States at prices that are below what it costs to produce, and that is a violation of U.S. trade laws. We are hopeful that the Bush Administration and the 107th Congress will work together, on an urgent basis, to address our country's steel emergency. This is also a vital issue in Canada, and the Canadian government has a steel anti-dumping investigation in progress following complaints by steel producers in Canada. The import problem that is particularly troubling to Cliffs is the dumping of semi-finished steel slabs. Companies that import slabs in lieu of producing their hot metal requirements reduce or eliminate their iron ore requirements. When foreign producers dump slabs into this country, domestic steelmakers can buy slabs at a cost that is lower than the cost to produce raw steel in their primary steel operations. The unchecked availability of semi-finished steel imports could result in the premature closure of certain blast furnaces. Congressmen James Oberstar of Minnesota and Bart Stupak of Michigan were instrumental in

getting the U.S. Commerce Department to commence an investigation of whether imports of iron ore and steel slabs are jeopardizing the national security. OUTLOOK Business conditions in the iron and steel industry are as bad as they have been in many decades and are expected to remain difficult through at least the first half of 2001. Given the harsh environment confronting our steel company partners and customers, there is significant uncertainty regarding Cliffs' pellet sales volume in 2001 and production levels at managed mines. We expect the financial results of our core iron ore business will be severely impacted by production curtailments. If the generally anticipated increase in the international pellet prices occurs, we would expect to realize a modest increase in price realizations in 2001 because the pricing formulas in our multi-year sales contracts allow us to realize about half of any change in the international price. Prices in our multi-year contracts increase or decrease over the contract term using a number of factors including the international pellet price, energy costs, labor costs and steel prices. Losses from CAL are expected to be somewhat lower in 2001, but first half losses will be greater than first-half 2000. Modifications to the Trinidad plant were completed on schedule and on budget, and the plant will begin briquette production in March. CIRCALTM briquettes were trial tested in two U.S. electric furnaces in November and December

8

2000 with positive results. We are receiving numerous inquiries regarding trial shipments and tests at other electric furnace operations and at some blast furnace operations as soon as additional briquettes are available. The pricing for all metallics in the United States is still very weak, but we expect some improvement as the year develops. In today's highenergy-cost environment that has forced the closure of all reduced iron plants located in the United States, CAL is exceptionally well positioned with lowcost, stable gas prices in Trinidad. We continue to expect an increase in global electric-arc-furnace steel production, and consequently an improving market for our CIRCALTM briquettes. On January 9th, your Board of Directors reduced the quarterly dividend from 37.5 cents per share to 10 cents per share. Based on the 10.1 million shares currently outstanding, this action will reduce the annual cash outlay for dividends by more than $11 million. While the Board regretted the action, we believe it was appropriate during this period of extreme uncertainty in the North American steel industry. We are also making a significant reduction in our capital spending in 2001. Excluding expenditures at CAL, we spent over $23 million on capital in 2000, which was slightly less than depreciation of $26 million. We would expect comparable spending to be only $14 million in 2001, again excluding CAL. We will also be reducing our pellet inventory by at least 1.3 million tons during the year, which will generate cash flow of $35 million. We fully expect our cash flow in 2001 will allow us to repay by year-end the $65 million borrowed in January under our revolving credit facility. We believe our strong balance sheet, and the actions we have taken with respect to the dividend, capital spending and cost reductions will provide the liquidity we need to meet the challenges and take advantage of the opportunities that are ahead of us in 2001.

We cannot control the demand for iron ore and other ferrous metallics products, but we can minimize the impact by producing the highest quality products at the lowest possible cost. We also can be proactive in pursuing business opportunities that are created by the adversities in our business. We intend to be relentless in pursuing the goals and objectives that will allow Cliffs to steer the uncertain road that is ahead and restore Cliffs value. We appreciate your support.

John S. Brinzo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Thomas J. O'Neil President and Chief Operating Officer

February 28, 2001

9

