Message from the CEO
Dear Fellow Shareholder, 2016 was a remarkable year for Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Through a disciplined strategy and execution, we were successful in completing the turnaround initiated in August 2014. I am especially proud of our achievements in the face of significant macroeconomic challenges in the iron ore and steel industry for much of the year:  Lowered net debt by 25 percent to $1.8 billion;  Reduced operational cost structure;  Entered into a new 10 year agreement with our largest customer;  Entered into a new labor agreement with the United Steelworkers;  Restarted two temporarily idled Minnesota mines; and  Began work to produce a new, customized iron ore pellet for delivery in 2017. We made important financial progress in 2016 and our financial results reflected strong underlying performance across our business. We achieved all our financial objectives -- a stronger balance sheet, prudent capital deployment, and reduced cash costs. Through several well-timed liability management transactions, we reduced net debt by over $600 million dollars. With revenues of $2.1 billion and net income of $199 million, we achieved earnings per diluted share of $0.87. We recorded adjusted EBITDA of $374 million and ended the year with strong cash flow through inventory reduction. We directed our capital mainly toward sustaining ongoing operations and the development of a new, specialized superflux pellet for our largest customer, which we will begin producing at United Taconite mine in Minnesota in spring 2017. On the cost side, we continued to find ways to improve our operating efficiency across our operations to further reduce our cash costs. Moving forward, we are well-positioned and expect this positive financial momentum to continue into 2017. On behalf of the Board of Directors, we thank the entire Cliffs team for their continued commitment and dedication to the Company. 2016 was the most rewarding year of my career as my leadership team met each challenge head on, remaining true to the company's values and preserving the foundation on which Cliffs has been built. We thank the United Steelworkers, our partners, customers, rail providers, shipping companies, and the communities in which we operate for your continued support. Finally, I extend my sincere gratitude to our shareholders for your investment in our great company. For our business to prosper over the long term, we must deliver value to you. I look ahead with confidence knowing the resilience and dedication of my fellow employees will carry Cliffs forward for many, many years to come, as has been done for the past 170 years.
Sincerely,

Lourenco Goncalves
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Lourenco Goncalves Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

2

