CLIFFS l 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Gary B. Halverson President and Chief Executive Officer

LETTER FROM THE CEO

This resilient Company has managed through several commodity cycles over the last 167 years and we are confident we will successfully navigate through this one as well. We believe our significant cost and capital spending reductions, coupled with our improved financial flexibility, will ensure we are well positioned to capture the upside when the commodity pricing cycle inevitably improves.

Dear Cliffs' Shareholder: Since joining Cliffs in November 2013, we have taken on many challenges and made some tough decisions. In every instance, my focus has been to make decisions and take action that will drive long-term value creation for all of our shareholders. For over 167 years Cliffs has been resilient in navigating many previous commodity cycles ­ and we will do the same through this one. Let me tell you why I am optimistic about the future of your Company. Before I joined Cliffs, your Board of Directors had already begun implementing several changes across the Company to enhance long-term shareholder value. With lower operating costs, a sharper focus on capital allocation and a strong pricing environment, Cliffs' financial performance in 2013 was solid. The steady demand for our products was driven by robust growth in China, modest growth in the U.S. market and some early signs of economic recovery in Europe. In 2013, we reported consolidated revenues of $5.7 billion and more than doubled our year-over-year cash generated from operations to $1.1 billion. We also lowered our long-term debt by nearly $1 billion and exited the year with no borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Despite these successes, 2013 appears to have marked the end of the so-called "commodity super cycle" that the world experienced over the last decade. With this new reality, we needed to pivot from a growth agenda to a more constrained operating agenda that is acutely focused on improving our cost profile, enhancing our competitive advantages, and extracting maximum value from our current portfolio of assets. In short, like every other mining company operating in today's market environment, we need to live within our means, steward our capital wisely and prudently invest in growth options when the time is right. In 2013, in addition to separating the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles, the Board welcomed a new Chairman and four new members who collectively bring a wealth of knowledge from multiple industries including: mining, equipment manufacturing, accounting, finance, and engineering. Throughout 2013, the Board recognized that the volatile

CLIFFS l 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

commodity pricing environment we were experiencing was likely going to continue, and, as a result, the Board took significant actions to improve the Company's balance sheet and overall cost profile. Over the course of 2013, those actions enabled us to gain traction both financially and operationally in what is clearly proving to be a challenging pricing environment as we move well into 2014. In appointing a new Chief Executive Officer, the Board was searching for a candidate that could not only implement further change and restore financial discipline, but someone who also had deep mining expertise. After an extensive and exhaustive search, the Board provided me with the opportunity to lead this great Company. With over 30 years of experience in managing assets from the initial project development stage to end-of-mine life, through many previous commodity cycles and in multiple geographies, I am excited and confident that I can make a positive difference for all of Cliffs' stakeholders. Upon joining Cliffs, I visited all of the sites, met with our employees and long-term customers, as well as many other key stakeholders. Initially, I was pleasantly surprised by the dedication of our people and quality of our assets; however, I was ­ and continue to be ­ extremely enthusiastic about the opportunities that lay ahead of us, both on the growth and cost reduction fronts. With a new senior leadership team, we quickly and collaboratively aligned around the mantra of "getting back to basics." This mantra included several key objectives, one of which was to stop spending on assets that were not providing sufficient returns for shareholders. Within my first three months at Cliffs, we indefinitely suspended our chromite project in Northern Ontario, idled our Wabush mine in the province of Newfoundland Labrador, indefinitely suspended Bloom Lake's Phase II expansion work, extended a commercial agreement with a valuable long-term customer, and reduced full-year 2014 capital spending by over 50%. During this time we also conducted a review of our organizational structure, which subsequently resulted in the removal of multiple layers of management positions. We have significantly reduced our corporate and shared services headcount and eliminated over 30% of our executive officer group. We have also reduced our contractor spending and closed multiple offices around the world. These were tough

REVENUES
FROM PRODUCT SALES AND SERVICES
(in millions)
$6,564 $5,873 $5,691

CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
(in millions)
$1,567

$4,484

$2,197

$503

$522 $336 $195

`09

`10

`11

`12

`13

`09

`10

`11

`12

`13

CLIFFS l 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

decisions to make, but the changes have enabled us to lower our expected SG&A and exploration expenses by an additional $90 million1, or 31%, in 2014 which is on top of a $134 million, or 32%, reduction in 2013. After experiencing a challenging first quarter in 2014 due to the severe weather across North America and a weaker year-over-year pricing environment that has extended through the second quarter, we identified additional opportunities to further reduce our full-year capital spending by an additional $100 million. With this additional reduction, we expect to lower our full-year 2014 capital spending by over $560 million, or 65%, from 2013's full-year capital spending. Also during the second quarter of 2014, we received unanimous support from our bank lending group to amend our existing revolving credit facility. We engaged in this proactive measure to manage our debt and liquidity profile in order to further strengthen our balance sheet in this persistent volatile pricing environment. The newly amended terms received unanimous support from the lending group, despite requiring only a greater than 50% approval. We believe this reflects the exceptional relationships we have with our banks and their endorsement of the underlying fundamentals of our long-term strategy. Over the last several years, our strategy has been to grow through mineral and geographic diversification. This strategy enabled us to expand our asset base and has provided us with opportunities for future growth. However, you can be sure that, before we pursue any of these longer-term opportunities, we must first and foremost navigate the current volatile pricing environment. This means,

among other things, preserving our valuegenerating options and not overreacting by "fire-selling" assets at the low point of the commodity cycle. We believe our significant cost and capital spending reductions, coupled with our improved financial flexibility, will ensure we are well positioned to capture the upside when the commodity pricing cycle inevitably improves. This resilient Company has managed through several commodity cycles over the last 167 years and we are confident we will successfully navigate through this one as well. On behalf of the Board and our thousands of employees, we appreciate your trust in us and continued support in our Company. Sincerely, Iron Ore
Concentrate Fines Lump Pellets

Coal
High-Vol Metallurgical Low-Vol Metallurgical Thermal

Gary B. Halverson President & Chief Executive Officer

(in millions, except per-share amounts)

COMPARATIVE HIGHLIGHTS
2013  2012
$5,873 1,172 (309) (1,127)

FINANCIAL Revenue From Product Sales and Services Sales Margin Operating Income (Loss) Net Income (Loss)
$5,691 1,149 671 362

(899.40) NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO CLIFFS COMMON SHAREHOLDERS

Amount Per Diluted Share, Continuing Operations Cash Dividends Declared Per Common Share AT DECEMBER 31 Cash and Cash Equivalents Long-Term Debt Obligations Total Assets Cliffs' Shareholders' Equity

365 2.36 0.60

(899) (6.57) 2.16

336 3,190 13,122 6,070

195 4,196 13,575 4,633

Source: Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Form 10-K period ending 12/31/13 1 Excludes severance and proxy-contest-related expenses.

