TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS: CoreLogic celebrated its 5th anniversary as a public Company in June 2015. Over the past five years, we have transformed our company into a leading global property information, analytics and data-enabled services provider. Our transformation has been guided by a boundless passion to achieve our vision - deliver unique property-level insights that power the global real estate economy. We owe much of our success to a relentless focus on empowering our clients to make smarter decisions through data-driven insights. Along these lines, we successfully executed against a multi-year strategic transformation program centered on our unique, market-leading solutions, which are based on gold-standard data assets, patent-protected analytics and "must-have" data-enabled services. Our strategic plan consists of the following five pillars:      Achieve differentiated market leadership in our core property intelligence, underwriting and risk management solutions businesses, Build-out unique, industry currency data-driven solution sets in our core mortgage-related strategic business units and build meaningful scale in insurance, geo-spatial solutions and international operations, Drive operating leverage and expand margins through process reengineering, workflow optimization and cost efficiency, Invest aggressively in technology infrastructure and the CoreLogic Innovation Center to enable and support future growth and efficiency, and Build financial flexibility and consistently return capital to our stockholders.

Over the past five years we have delivered consistent growth in revenues, profits and cash flow. Our ability to grow revenues in areas where we can secure market leadership and scale has been the foundation of our success. Our focus on data, analytics and data-enabled solutions has fostered a higher level of long-term subscription-based revenues with favorable profitability and cash flow characteristics. Since 2011, we have increased revenues at a compounded rate of 9%; adjusted EBITDA by 15%; and adjusted EPS by 30%. At the same time, we invested in our business to secure our long-term growth and returned more than $830 million in capital to our stockholders. By almost every measure, CoreLogic has become a higher-growth, higher-margin enterprise. Today, our core solutions sit at the heart of the global housing ecosystem. Our Property Intelligence (PI) segment is a global leader in residential property data, analytics, valuation solutions and related workflow services. Our Risk Management and Workflow (RMW) segment is the acknowledged gold standard in data-enabled services, focused on origination and underwriting services, property tax payment processing, compliance and mortgage technology solutions. Our insights and solutions are unique and deeply embedded in our clients' most critical workflows. This positions CoreLogic to help our clients build their businesses and assess and manage risk twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. Remarkably, our transformation into a global leader providing "must-have" data-driven property insights was achieved during a period of significant macro-economic pressures, regulatory uncertainty and market-specific headwinds in the U.S. housing and mortgage industries. Despite these external pressures, we invested to build high operating leverage in our core business units and foster technology leadership and innovation. We also improved our quality and service and achieved significant operating efficiencies. We largely self-funded these investments by developing a culture of continuous improvement and embedding a passion for driving operating emphasis on cost effectiveness and operating efficiency, and attention to cash flow management. Our record operating and financial performance in 2015 reflects the strength of our business model and validates that our strategic transformation plan is driving sustained and long-term value creation for all of our stakeholders. Our more significant 2015 full-year financial results are highlighted below:     Revenues up 9% to $1,528 million, driven by double-digit growth in the PI segment and RMW market outperformance, Operating income from continuing operations up 20% to $203 million, reflecting the benefits of revenue growth and cost management programs partially offset by foreign currency translation, Net income from continuing operations up 43% to $128 million, fueled by growth in operating results, a gain on investments related to the RELS, LLC acquisition and lower interest costs, Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations up 46% to $1.42 and adjusted EPS grew 43% to $1.90,

 

Adjusted EBITDA increased 17% to $423 million, and Repurchase of 2.5 million shares of our common stock.

Our record financial results in 2015 reflect the strength of our business model. Our unique products and solutions help our clients to more precisely underwrite and manage their risks and capitalize on growth opportunities as they arise. 2016 presents a clear pathway to sustained growth. Realizing the CoreLogic vision requires that we constantly innovate and achieve market leadership and relevancy through scaled and data-enabled solutions. It is in this spirit that we launched the Valuation Solutions Group (VSG) in the fourth quarter of 2015. Over $4 billion is spent annually on residential property valuation in the U.S. alone. This area remains one of several underwriting and risk management activities in the property ecosystem that we believe would benefit from enhanced technology and the application of data and analytics. The VSG will provide a comprehensive array of property valuation, compliance and collateral assessment solutions and tools that improve accuracy, reduce cycle time and connect market participants. The opportunity to transform the way assets in a real estate transaction are valued -- and to bring greater transparency to the process -- makes this a significant medium- and long-term growth opportunity for CoreLogic. We believe that the VSG, along with our existing PI assets, provides the foundational elements of a scaled, integrated solutions provider powered by a broad suite of fulfillment, technology, data and analytics capabilities. Completing the integration of our capabilities and realizing the full potential of the VSG will be a significant multi-year endeavor, but we believe the opportunities for CoreLogic and the industry could be transformative. In many ways, the creation of the VSG demonstrates the power and opportunities inherent in the increasing integration of our data, analytical tools, domain expertise and technological capabilities. The U.S. mortgage market is continuing to heal and transition to a purchase-driven cycle. With market fundamentals improving, purchase volumes are gathering steam and should help to, at least partially, offset the expected drop in refinancing activity in 2016. With sustainable job creation and overall economic recovery, we expect to see healthier housing starts and inventory levels over time. Overall, we believe this transition has set the stage for a more sustainable real estate market for this year and beyond. CoreLogic is entering 2016 with accelerating momentum. I believe we are well-positioned to deliver against an aggressive business plan which positions CoreLogic to capitalize on the opportunities presented by a gradually-improving U.S. housing market and also opens up new opportunities to leverage our capabilities and insights in insurance, financial services and the public sector. I believe our consistently strong performance, in 2015 and over the past five years, demonstrates the benefits and value creation opportunities inherent in the CoreLogic strategic plan. CoreLogic is deeply embedded in our clients' critical workflows. Our scale and ability to invest in the VSG and other unique solutions sets, compliance, automation and dataenabled services, as well as our reputation for delivering a high level of quality and service, have made us a preferred partner for businesses and government agencies with a need for property intelligence and risk management solutions. Our talented team members, who are now more than 6,000 strong, are dedicated to putting our clients first. By keeping clients top of mind in each action we take, we ensure their and our own success. As we move forward, we will continue to transform through a focused strategy that leverages the market-leading positions of our core operations, our unique data assets, and the scale of our data-enabled services businesses. CoreLogic's focus on fundamental value drivers positions us to execute on our strategic vision. In closing, I want to thank our employees, clients and stockholders for their continued support. As always, our focus remains squarely on strong operational execution and positioning CoreLogic for superior long-term growth and stakeholder value creation.

Anand Nallathambi President and Chief Executive Officer

