TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS: Our vision at CoreLogic is to deliver unmatched property-level insights that power the global real estate economy. Over the past several years, we have relentlessly pursued the realization of this vision by focusing on a strategic transformation program centered on building unique market-leading products and services, which are based on gold-standard data assets, patent-protected analytics and "must have" data-enabled services. Despite the much reported macro-economic pressures and market-specific headwinds in the housing and mortgage industries, the global real estate economy represents an enormous opportunity for CoreLogic. The demand for propertylevel data insights has never been greater as market participants look to manage their risks and capitalize on the opportunities provided by a recovery in the global economy and the U.S. housing market. Over the past three years, CoreLogic has become a higher-growth, higher-margin company built around a scaled set of businesses that have unique value propositions and leading market positions. As we move forward, we expect to create additional value through the execution of our strategic plan which includes the following five pillars: · · · · · Build out scaled, market-leading solutions and services in our Data & Analytics (D&A) and Technology and Processing Solutions (TPS) segments; Protect and grow existing core mortgage-related services and build meaningful scale in insurance, spatial solutions and international markets; Complete the Technology Transformation Initiative (TTI); Drive operational excellence and quality while fostering new product innovation; and Build financial flexibility and consistently return capital to our stockholders.

During 2013, we completed the reorganization of our core business operations into two operating segments ­ D&A and TPS. Our D&A segment is a global leader in single and multi-family residential property data, analytics and related workflow services. Our TPS segment is the gold standard in data-enabled services focused on loan origination, property tax payment processing, and technology and outsourcing solutions. As part of our relentless focus on building our business around a set of core operations with unique data-driven product offerings, we announced our intention to pursue the divestiture of our Asset Management and Processing Solutions (AMPS) segment. We decided to divest AMPS after significant study and strategic review. We believe the business units that make up AMPS, while not long-term strategic fits for CoreLogic, are leaders in their respective fields and we look forward to their continued growth under new ownership. In 2013, we delivered strong revenue growth, record profitability and free cash flow above targeted levels. In line with our strategic plan, we made important strides in expanding our D&A segment and creating a significant footprint in insurance and spatial solutions. We also scaled up our TPS businesses and our international operations. In addition, we invested in new and innovative products and services as well as in our business operations and technology platforms. Financial highlights for the twelve months ended December 31, 2013 include: · · · · · · Revenues were up 8% with growth in both the D&A and TPS segments; Operating income was up 2% reflecting higher revenues, the benefit of operating leverage and cost reduction programs; Net income from continuing operations rose 43% and diluted EPS from continuing operations grew 54% driven by strong operating results and share repurchases; Completed the Project 30 cost reduction program which reduced run rate expenses by over $100 million over 3 years (2011-2013); Completed acquisitions of Bank of America's tax processing and flood zone determination operations, Case-Shiller and EQECAT; and Repurchased 8 million common shares.

1

Over the course of 2014, we expect to continue to reinvest in strategic growth areas and the TTI as well as to return capital to our stockholders. As we continue to successfully execute our strategic plan, we will highlight some of the major value catalysts we are currently working on for the balance of this year and next year. In terms of the top line, we are focused on growing our D&A segment to greater than 50% of total revenues through continued expansion in insurance and spatial, core mortgage, and government solutions, and international markets. We continue to make excellent progress against this imperative. In the first quarter of 2014, D&A revenues were 46% of total revenues. During the quarter, we closed the acquisitions of Marshall & Swift Boeckh (MSB) and DataQuick Information Systems (DQ). MSB and DQ, together with EQECAT, add unique, complementary data sets and analytical capabilities that will help us to accelerate the scaling of D&A and, at the same time, create a market-leading insurance solutions group within the segment. Growing our insurance and spatial solutions revenues adds adjacent vertical strength to our leadership presence in mortgage and real estate and helps us mitigate U.S. mortgage cyclicality. Following the completion of the MSB acquisition, we estimate that roughly 10% of CoreLogic's total revenues will come from spatial solutions and insurancerelated businesses. Our TPS businesses have significantly outperformed industry volumes over the past year and a half. We have successfully expanded our market share in the small, mid-sized and mega-bank markets as clients look to suppliers with superior quality and delivery capabilities for critical services. In addition, we continue to integrate Bank of America's tax servicing and flood operations and expect this effort to be complete by mid-2014. We are continuing to drive margin expansion through ongoing cost reduction programs and the roll-out of the TTI. Building on our successful Project 30 program, we expect to reduce our annual expenses by an additional $25 million in 2014. With regards to the TTI, we are working hard to complete Phase I ­ our data center migration or DCM ­ by mid-2015. Upon completion, the DCM is expected to improve operating performance and generate annualized cost efficiencies of at least $30 million. As part of Phase II of the TTI, we are building out our next generation technology platform which should help us to drive market penetration and future growth. Specifically, the TTI is expected to enable sustainable top-line growth through accelerated and cost-efficient product innovation, improved reach into small and midsized clients and greater integration and monetization of our data sets. Finally, we are building our financial flexibility. As we have in past years, we expect to achieve significant levels of cash flow and and plan to reinvest that money in product and service development, productivity-related investments including the TTI, and progressive debt management and to return capital to our stockholders by repurchasing common shares ­ we are currently targeting the repurchase of at least three million of our common shares over the course of 2014. By almost any measure, 2013 was an exceptional year for CoreLogic. As we move forward, we will continue to transform our company with a laser-like focus on building out our core business operations and delivering durable revenue and profit growth. Our progress is being driven by a focused strategy that leverages the Company's unique data assets as well as the market-leading position and scale of our servicing businesses. We believe CoreLogic has achievable plans in place to continue to deliver strong operating performance in 2014 despite the industry headwinds currently faced by the U.S. mortgage market. In closing, I would like to thank all of our employees, clients and stockholders for their past support. We finished 2013 with accelerating momentum and believe we are positioned for a strong 2014. We are progressively becoming a highergrowth, higher-margin firm positioned to capitalize on the opportunities presented by a gradually improving housing market. With a streamlined and higher-margin set of businesses and relentless focus on optimizing our cost structure and driving free cash flow, we are delivering against a very focused and aggressive business plan. Our focus on fundamental value drivers positions us to execute on our strategic vision.

2

I am excited about our future and believe we are a great partner for our clients and a value-growth opportunity for our longterm investors.

Anand Nallathambi President and Chief Executive Officer

3

