To Our Unitholders
As we review our company's progress this past year, we are very pleased with our results for 2011. On net income of $43.0 million, we reported Adjusted EBITDA of $211.0 million and distributable cash flow of $127.2 million. We continue our focus on our operations in order to meet demand for our specialty products and to better benefit from current fuel products crack spreads. On September 30, 2011, we completed the acquisition of the Superior Refinery and associated operating assets and inventories and related business of Murphy Oil Corporation for aggregate consideration of approximately $413.2 million ("the Superior Acquisition"). The Superior refinery, with crude oil throughput capacity of approximately 45,000 bpd, produces gasoline, diesel, asphalt, heavy fuel oils and specialty petroleum products that are primarily marketed in the Upper Midwest region of the U.S. and in Canada. We believe the Superior Acquisition provides greater scale, geographic diversity and development potential to our refining business, increasing our current total refining throughput capacity by 50% to 135,000 bpd. As a result of the Superior refinery's successful integration and contribution to our results, we increased our most recent quarterly distribution for the fourth quarter of 2011 to $0.53 per unit, a $0.03 per unit increase from the third quarter of 2011. For the year ended December  31, 2011 94.4% of our gross profit was generated from our specialty products segment while, approximately 5.6% of our gross profit was generated from our fuel products segment. Our 2011 total facility production increased by 8.9% year over year, excluding the impact of the Superior Acquisition, due primarily to our decision to increase production run rates at our facilities overall to take advantage of strengthened fuel products crack spreads and continued strength in demand for specialty products in a favorable margin environment. We generated $63.8 million in cash flow from operations during the year. We paid distributions of $82.7 million to our unitholders in 2011, an increase of $17.0 million over 2010. We plan to continue focusing our efforts on generating positive cash flows from operations which we expect will be used to (i) improve our liquidity position, (ii) pay quarterly distributions to our unitholders, (iii)  service our debt obligations and (iv) provide funding for general partnership purposes. On January 3, 2012, we completed an acquisition of an aviation and refrigerant synthetic lubricants business from Hercules Incorporated, a subsidiary of Ashland, for aggregate consideration of approximately $19.6 million, excluding certain customary post-closing purchase price adjustments. The acquisition includes a manufacturing facility located in Louisiana, Missouri. On January 6, 2012, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding membership interests of TruSouth Oil, LLC, a specialty petroleum packaging and distribution company and related party, located in Shreveport, Louisiana and for aggregate consideration of approximately $25.5 million. We believe each of these 2012 acquisitions provides greater diversity to our specialty products segment. Since 1990, our management team has demonstrated the ability to identify opportunities to acquire assets and product lines where we can enhance operations and improve profitability. In the future, we intend to continue to consider strategic acquisitions of assets or agreements with third parties that offer the opportunity for operational efficiencies, the potential for increased utilization and expansion of facilities, or the expansion of product offerings in our specialty products segment. In addition, we may pursue selected acquisitions in new geographic or product areas to the extent we perceive similar opportunities. We would like to thank you for your continued support. We would also like to thank our employees for their dedication and support as we continue to grow our company.

We paid distributions of $82.7 million to our unitholders in 2011, an increase of $17.0 million over 2010.

We continued to see strength in product demand in our specialty products segment throughout the year. We noted a 4.9% increase in barrels of specialty products sold, including the impact of incremental sales in the fourth quarter of 2011 from the Superior Acquisition. Our specialty products segment generated a gross profit margin of 14.3% as specialty products sales pricing kept pace with fluctuations in crude oil prices. Higher sales and production volume in our fuel products segment during 2011 allowed us to take advantage of higher market crack spreads. We noted a 34.4% increase in barrels of fuel products sold in 2011 compared to 2010 including the impact of incremental sales from the Superior Acquisition. The fuel products segment generated a gross profit margin of 1.2% in 2011 compared to 1.4% in 2010 despite the recognition of realized derivative losses of $103.3  million during 2011 compared to the recognition of realized derivative gains of $14.0 million in 2010 due to the strength of current market crack spreads compared to our hedged crack spreads.

F. William Grube Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board

