TO OUR UNITHOLDERS
As we look back at Calumet's progress in 2012, we are very pleased with our financial and operating results as well as our significant growth.

We completed several acquisitions, successfully raised capital in the markets, and improved operational reliability. The Partnership has changed in many ways over this past year; however, we remain focused on the stability of our cash flows, developing and expanding our customer relationships, enhancing the profitability of our existing assets, and pursuing strategic and complementary acquisitions. Calumet is a leading independent producer of specialty hydrocarbon products and fuel products. We own eleven facilities throughout the U.S. with total refining capacity of over 160,000 barrels per day (bpd). We operate our business in two segments: Specialty Products and Fuel Products. During 2012 we had approximately 41,000 bpd of production in our Specialty Products segment and approximately 55,000 bpd of production in our Fuel Products segment. Calumet's Specialty Products generally have more stable gross profit margins over time and are sold to very diverse industries and a large customer base. We have over 3,500 different specialty

3

www.calumetspecialty.com NASDAQ:CLMT

products that serve the consumer, automotive and industrial markets. We sell these products to over 4,900 customers. One of our greatest strengths is our long term customer relationships and our ability to meet our customers' product specifications. Calumet had a transformational year in 2012 in terms of growth by acquisition. In October 2011 we purchased the Superior, Wisconsin refinery from Murphy Oil Corporation, the first of six acquisitions totaling approximately $1.1 billion that we would complete over the next 15 months. We aim to grow both segments of our business over time by executing a multifaceted growth strategy which complements and diversifies our business. In the Specialty Products segment, we acquired Ashland's synthetic lubricants business and Royal Purple, a manufacturer and marketer of high performance synthetic lubricants. Both of these acquisitions position us well for the future of the lubricants industry as demand for synthetic oils is projected to grow at a much higher rate than mineral oils. We have grown our Fuel Products segment with the acquisitions of the Superior refinery, the Montana refinery and the San Antonio refinery. These niche refineries all benefit from their geographic locations, advantaged crude supply, and strong local market demand for their products. We also have plans to organically grow our existing assets over the next several years. We have announced capacity expansion plans at the Montana refinery, the San Antonio refinery and our synthetic lubricants plant in Missouri. We also have aggressive plans to grow the Royal Purple brand through new product development and geographic market diversification. Additionally, we have announced a feasibility study to explore building and operating a crude oil loading dock on Lake Superior, near our Superior refinery, designed to load ships with heavy Canadian and light Bakken crude oil for

shipment through connecting waterways. We are also exploring other growth opportunities in crude oil and products transportation. On March 26, 2013, we broke ground on a 20,000 bpd diesel refinery in North Dakota as part of a 50/50 joint venture with MDU Resources Group. This $300 million project is expected to be operational during the fourth quarter of 2014 and will represent the first greenfield refinery built in the U.S. since the mid-1970's. The refinery will process Bakken crude oil into diesel fuel for the local North Dakota market. Calumet's strong financial results during 2012 allowed us to increase our quarterly distributions to our unitholders 16% from $0.56/unit to $0.65/unit. Our unit price performance was notable in 2012, increasing approximately 51% over the course of the year.

In 2013 we continue to focus on providing stable and growing distributions to our unitholders and operational excellence across the Partnership's business.
We would like to thank our employees for their efforts and dedication as we continue to grow our company and our unitholders for their continued support.

Sincerely,

F.W. Grube Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

www.calumetspecialty.com NASDAQ:CLMT

4

