                To our unitholders
FELLOW PARTNERS:
During the past year, Calumet continued to establish its position as one of the premier petroleum-based specialty and fuel products refiners in North America.
Our key performance metrics, including Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow (DCF), increased significantly during 2014 compared to the prior year. The results were driven by ongoing execution of our strategy to become the most integrated, independent specialty hydrocarbon business in North America, with the most diverse line of specialty product solutions.
In 2014, we paid $210 million in distributions to our limited partners, or $2.74 per limited partner unit, representing one of the most attractive yields in the
fixed distribution Master Limited Partnership universe. Importantly, distribution coverage recovered dramatically in 2014 compared to 2013, moving us closer to our long-term distribution coverage ratio target of 1.2x-1.5x. The Partnership benefited from improved plant reliability, favorable fuels refining economics and stable products margins within our specialty products segment.
As we have done historically, we continued to bolster our portfolio with strategic acquisitions. In 2014, we purchased two companies – Anchor Drilling Fluids USA, Inc. and Specialty Oilfield Solutions, Ltd., both of which produce
 Specialty Products Segment Financial Highlights
$281 $283
$195
$221
$39.16 $40.96 $41.07 $33.47
$15.11 $17.41
            11 12 13 14
Adjusted EBITDA
Dollars in Millions
09 10 11 12 13 14
Gross Profit per Barrel
Dollars
3

                                                                                                                                   Anchor Drilling Fluids USA, Inc.
and market drilling fluid solutions for oil/gas exploration & production companies. Although Calumet had previously sold a variety of specialty products into this market, the addition of these assets further expands our presence
in this segment. We believe the execution of a vertical integration strategy – one that puts us closer to our crude oil suppliers and customers – represents a long-term competitive advantage for the Partnership.
From a capital markets perspective, we had a very successful year. In March 2014, we priced $900 million
in aggregate principal amount of 6.5% senior unsecured notes – the lowest coupon we’ve printed in our Partnership’s history. We used a portion of the proceeds from this
offering and redeemed $500 million of higher interest bearing senior unsecured notes, which helped to lower our interest expense. Then, in July, we amended and extended our revolving credit facility, increasing its size from
$850 million to $1 billion, which served to both increase the Partnership’s access to liquidity and lower our borrowing costs. Overall, we remain opportunistic about our ability to secure lower cost of debt and equity to help fund the long-term growth of the Partnership.
Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. has one of the most diverse specialty hydrocarbon capabilities in the world.
During the past three years, we have invested hundreds
of millions of dollars in four, high-return organic growth projects. In 2015, three of these four projects will
come online, while the fourth, and largest, of these is scheduled for completion during the first quarter of 2016. Collectively, these projects are estimated to yield cash-on- cash returns of 20% to 30% and represent a significant opportunity to grow our Adjusted EBITDA on an annualized basis. As we look ahead to the next 24 months, we expect the combined benefit of lower turnaround spending
and improved utilization rates at our fuels refineries,
in addition to incremental contributions from the organic growth projects, will help position Calumet for distribution growth.
FOCUSED ON SAFE, RELIABLE OPERATIONS
For Calumet to consistently generate profitable growth, our refineries must operate safely, reliably and in compliance with all regulatory guidelines. While planned facility maintenance is a requisite part of being in the business
of specialty and fuel products refining, some years involve more maintenance than others. Generally speaking,
              4

                our fuel products refineries conduct planned maintenance “turnarounds” once every five years; most recently, our last turnaround cycle lasted between 2013 and the first half of 2014. Having concluded maintenance at each of our fuels facilities, we fully anticipate our fuels refineries will operate at optimal levels until the next round of planned turnaround maintenance begins in 2018.
Exiting this most recent turnaround cycle, our fuels refineries have performed well. Our Shreveport (Louisiana), Superior (Wisconsin), San Antonio (Texas) and Great Falls (Montana) refineries each operated at or above our targeted run rates during the third and fourth quarters of 2014, resulting in significantly improved fuel products segment gross profits for the full-year 2014. Following an extended planned turnaround under new plant management at Shreveport during the second quarter of 2014, this facility has dramatically increased its production levels above historical rates, in sharp contrast to the refinery’s performance in recent years.
SEGMENT HIGHLIGHTS
With our fuels refineries operating on plan, Calumet was able to take advantage of relatively robust refining economics during most of the year, particularly within key niche markets where refining competition is limited, such as Superior
and Great Falls. Fuel products segment Adjusted EBITDA increased to $50 million in 2014, versus $47 million in 2013. Although product cracks and crude oil differentials remain highly volatile, we continue to help mitigate market risk within our fuels refining segment by selectively using derivatives contracts through hedging counterparties, seeking to hedge up to 75% of our fuels production as far as three years forward.
Despite an otherwise solid year in the fuels refining business, both Calumet and the broader refining industry remain subject to compliance costs under the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS). Under the regulation of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the RFS provides annual requirements for the total volume of renewable transportation fuels, which are mandated to be blended into finished petroleum fuels. If a refiner does not meet its required annual Renewable Volume Obligation (RVO), the refiner can purchase blending credits
in the open market, referred to as Renewable Identification Numbers (RINs).
In a positive development, the EPA recently granted the Partnership’s Shreveport and San Antonio refineries a “small refinery exemption” under the
RFS for the full year 2013, as provided for under the Clean Air Act. The EPA determined that for the full year 2013, compliance with the RFS would represent a “disproportionate economic hardship” for these two refineries, which, in turn, led to a significant reduction in the Partnership’s requirement to purchase RINs at these two refineries. We intend to reapply for the small refinery exemption at several of our refineries for full year 2014 during early 2015.
CALUMET SPECIALTY PRODUCTS PARTNERS, L.P. 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 5
  Long-Term Commitment to Cash Distributions
As of February 2015, Calumet has paid 36 consecutive quarterly cash distributions to its limited partners.
Our record of cash distributions represents a return of capital in excess of $930 million over the last nine years. Since our initial public offering in 2006, our cash distribution has increased at a compounded annual growth rate of 2.3% per year. Currently, we have the highest quarterly cash distribution of any fixed-distribution refiner in the market and pay that distribution with a consistency that has positioned us as an attractive income/yield vehicle for many individual and institutional investors.
At December 31, 2014, our annualized cash distribution stood at $2.74 per limited partner unit.

                 We expect the combined benefit of lower turnaround spending and improved utilization rates at our fuels refineries, in addition to incremental contributions from our organic growth projects, will help position Calumet for distribution growth.
$281
$143
$19
21
Distributable Cash Flow
Dollars in Millions
    1
31
4
      1.9x
1
Distribution Coverage Ratio
 0.7x
0.1x
21
   31
4
      6

                Our specialty products segment also performed well in 2014, supported by incremental contributions from recently completed acquisitions, coupled with a decline in the average price per barrel of crude oil, particularly during the second half of 2014. During 2014, our specialty products segment Adjusted EBITDA increased to $221 million, versus $195 million in 2013. Given our leadership in the specialty products markets in which we operate, prices on many of
our specialty formulations are slow to decline – and even tend to expand – in an environment where crude oil prices rapidly plummet. This dynamic was particularly relevant in the fourth quarter of 2014, a period during which the price of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil declined by approximately 40%, resulting in lower cost of sales for our business. Although we choose not to predict the long-term direction of commodities prices, we think it is important to highlight the defensive posture of our business even in the most volatile of markets.
PLATFORM FOR GROWTH
We seek to grow our business through a combination
of targeted strategic acquisitions and investments in organic growth projects. In some cases, the acquisitions we complete lead to fresh organic growth opportunities, while in other instances, we seek to capitalize on emerging technologies or inefficient markets through greenfield investments that enable the Partnership to establish a leadership position.
Presently, we are engaged in four such growth projects:
• A 50/50 joint venture in a 20,000-barrel-per-day
refinery in Dickinson, North Dakota, which is scheduled to begin selling diesel, among other finished products, into the local market during 2Q15;
• More than doubling capacity at our Louisiana, Missouri esters plant, which should be complete by 2Q15;
• A project at our San Antonio refinery that will convert
lower-margin diesel into higher-margin aliphatic
solvents by the end of 4Q15; and
• More than doubling production capacity from
10,000 barrels per day to 25,000 barrels per day at our Great Falls, Montana, refinery by 1Q16, a project that will allow us to further capitalize on locally sourced, discounted crude oil feedstock, as well as latent demand for fuel products in the local market.
Collectively, these four projects are expected to cost an estimated $640 million to $665 million and are forecasted to generate $128-$157 million of incremental EBITDA
per year for the Partnership. We remain focused on the successful, timely completion of these projects, given
their importance to our long-term growth story. Although various factors have the potential to impact projects of this size and scope, we are excited to be in the “final stretch” of the campaign, with three of the four projects slated
for completion in 2015. In the years ahead, we expect contributions from these projects will provide our investors with additional sources of cash flow capable of supporting consistent growth in the quarterly cash distribution.
LOWER CAPITAL SPENDING,
IMPROVED PERFORMANCE METRICS
For 2015, we anticipate total capital spending of $285-$335 million (a 26% to 37% decline from the
prior year), the majority of which will be dedicated to
the completion of our remaining organic growth projects. Between 2011 and 2014, discretionary spending on growth projects accounted for 50% to 80% of total annual capital spending. Once the Great Falls refinery expansion is completed in the first quarter of 2016, spending on organic growth projects is expected to decline dramatically. This decline in growth-related capital spending, coupled with the decline in turnaround-related spending (until the commencement of the next turnaround cycle in 2018), equates to a period in the 2016-2017 timeframe when Calumet expects to experience a period of significantly lower annual capital spending, likely well below
$100 million per year.
This decline in capital spending should benefit us on a number of fronts. Lower capital spending serves to reduce our leverage ratio, it benefits DCF, or cash flow available to the Partnership for distribution purposes, and it also serves to benefit our Distribution Coverage Ratio (DCR). Having invested significant capital in accretive growth projects in prior years, we will begin to reap the full
cash flow contributions stemming from these projects in 2016-2017, even as total capital spending declines to maintenance levels.
CALUMET SPECIALTY PRODUCTS PARTNERS, L.P. 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 7

                BUILDING OUR ‘INVESTMENT BRAND’
The Calumet story is a unique one, characterized by high insider ownership, niche refining assets, a highly specialized product mix, a diverse range of global customers and a highly attractive quarterly distribution. While we encounter competitors who engage in one or even several of the markets that we occupy, Calumet is the lone full-service, publicly traded specialty products company in North America; we have no “perfect peer.” Consequently, educating the public on our story has been no easy task; yet, for those who take the time to learn about our business and the long-term possibilities for growth, they are generally pleased to find themselves
acquainted with a well managed organization whose heritage of innovation, customer service and commitment to product quality set it apart.
During the past two years, we have made significant progress in more effectively serving our unitholders through a proactive investor relations function. During this time, we have made a broader effort to achieve a fair cost of capital for our equity and debt by expanding our investor base, increasing our marketing efforts and adding significant sell-side analyst coverage. While we still have work ahead of us, we are encouraged by our early progress and, given the opportunity, look forward to meeting with each of you as you learn more about our Company.
 Total Capital Spending and Investment in Organic Growth Projects (Dollars in Millions)
Growth Projects
Total CapEx: $274
Other Capital Spending
           8
2
Total $29 CapEx:
$72
$142
$390
Total CapEx: $450
Total $210- CapEx:
245 $285-335
0
1
22
0
1
32
0
1
42
0
1
5
                
                BOARD UPDATES
In September, we announced that Daniel Sajkowski
and Amy Schumacher were elected to the Board of Directors of Calumet GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership. Mr. Sajkowski and Ms. Schumacher replaced Mr. Nick Rutigliano and Mr. Bill Fehsenfeld, two seasoned executives who chose to retire from the Board following many years of dedicated service. In Mr. Sajkowski, we add a board member with deep technical expertise, given his three decades of energy industry experience, particularly in the crude oil refining sector. Previously, Mr. Sajkowski was the business unit leader for six years at BP’s Whiting, Indiana refinery, the fourth-largest refinery in the United States, where he was responsible for initiating a $4 billion modernization of the refinery. Ms. Schumacher provides a similarly impressive background as a chemicals executive, currently serving as President of Monument Chemicals, Inc. and Haltermann Solutions. We welcome these new board members and look forward to benefiting from their knowledge and experience in the years to come.
STRATEGIC OUTLOOK
When Fred Fehsenfeld and I founded Calumet in 1990, our strategy was as uncomplicated as it was elegant: acquire high-margin, low-volume specialty products businesses that were too small – or too complex – for larger, integrated energy companies. In short, we sought to buy diamonds in the rough that were small but diamonds nonetheless. Nearly 25 years later,
that strategy remains intact at Calumet. We continue to evaluate both the private and public markets
for acquisition opportunities, with a focus on the midstream and downstream sectors, and an emphasis on niche market assets with high barriers to entry.
While for the time being the bulk of our attention remains on the successful, timely completion of our organic
growth projects, we continue to actively evaluate the M&A landscape for the next addition to our asset portfolio. As leverage declines with the addition of EBITDA contribution from the organic projects, we seek to become more active again in the M&A arena.
The Calumet story is a unique
one, characterized by high insider ownership, niche refining assets, a highly specialized product mix, a diverse range of global customers and a highly attractive quarterly distribution.
On behalf of our entire Partnership, including our more than 2,000 dedicated employees, I want to express my deepest appreciation for the continued support of our strategic partners, customers and the communities where we live and work. We couldn’t do what we do without you. We also extend a thank you to you, our unitholders, for your continued support for, and confidence in, the Partnership.
We make products that change the way people live for the better. For any business, that’s a legacy worth having. We look forward to building upon that legacy in the year ahead, as our combined efforts from across our many brands, facilities and geographies contribute to the profitable growth of our Partnership.
Regards,
F. William Grube
Chief Executive Officer Vice Chairman of the Board
             CALUMET SPECIALTY PRODUCTS PARTNERS, L.P. 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 9
