Our LEADERSHIP

GRI: 1.1, 1.2, 2.9, 2.10, 3.10, 4.2, 4.8, DMA EC, DMA SO, EC1

A Message from Donald R. Knauss, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Clorox Stakeholders:
In fiscal year 2013, The Clorox Company reached an important milestone. On May 3, we celebrated our 100th anniversary, marking a century of providing products that consumers value. Since our founding, we've grown into a $5.6 billion multinational manufacturer and marketer of products used every day in millions of homes, healthcare settings and other businesses around the world. As we honor our past, we also recognize our recent accomplishments and look forward, setting our sights on the future.
across our brands to address higher commodity costs and inflation. We've also delivered record levels of product innovation, which contributed more than 3 percentage points of incremental sales growth in the last two fiscal years. We're also constantly striving to make products that consumers want over competitors' products, and today, more than 50 percent of our U.S. retail portfolio is made up of consumer-preferred* products. And, we've made sustainability improvements to 35 percent of our product portfolio by enhancing our product formulas or reducing packaging materials. In addition, we're proud of our team's excellent execution of our "3D" demand-creation model of desire, decide and delight, the cornerstone of our Centennial Strategy. We've created high-impact marketing communications to drive consumer desire, best-in-class, in-store promotions to influence purchase decisions at the point of decide and delivered superior-quality products to delight consumers. We strengthened our portfolio of leading brands. Today, nearly 90 percent of our brands are the No.1 or No. 2 market share leaders in their categories. We've made progress reshaping our portfolio toward faster-growing, profitable businesses by focusing on global consumer "megatrends" of health and wellness, sustainability, multiculturalism and affordability/value: · Addressing the emerging consumer demand for natural products, we acquired Burt's Bees®, the leader in natural personal care, and launched Green Works® naturally derived cleaners and güd® natural personal care products for millennial consumers.

Credit: NYSE Euronext

Our Centennial Strategy was successful in a challenging environment.
Almost six years ago, Clorox embarked on our Centennial Strategy, which was anchored in our mission of "We make everyday life better, every day." Our mission speaks to the fact that all of our products have a meaningful impact on consumers' everyday lives. And it speaks to the company's legacy of making a positive difference in our communities. While our mission is simple, it's a powerful source of inspiration for our employees who have focused relentlessly on delivering results against our Centennial Strategy objectives. We delivered strong total stockholder returns. Despite a challenging external environment, including the worst U.S. recession since World War II, we delivered total stockholder returns in the top third of our peer group. For the past five-year period beginning in fiscal year 2008, Clorox total stockholder return was 88 percent, compared to an average of 82 percent for our peer group and an average of 40 percent for the S&P 500. And Clorox's track record of generating strong cash flow allowed us to significantly increase our dividend from $1.60 to $2.56. Between share repurchases and total annual dividends paid to stockholders, we have returned more than $2 billion in cash to our stockholders over the last five years. We delivered solid sales growth. Over a five-year period, we've grown sales at a compounded annual growth rate of about 3 percent, due, in part, to strategic and bolt-on acquisitions as well as price increases implemented

* Clorox defines consumer preferred as a product that 60 percent of consumers prefer versus a competitor product in blind tests. Excludes Burt's Bees.

1

THE CLOROX COMPANY | 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Our LEADERSHIP

Centennial Strategy Highlights

3% %

CLX
(fiscal 2013)

GRI: 1.1, 1.2, 2.9, 2.10, 3.10, 4.2, 4.8, DMA EC, DMA SO, EC1

SALES GROWTH SALES GROWTH (5-year compounded

(5-yeargrowth compounded annual rate) annual growth rate)

PRODUCTS PRODUCTS WITH SUSTAINABILITY WITH SUSTAINABILITY IMPROVEMENTS* IMPROVEMENTS* (since 2008)
(since 2008)

35 % 35%

87 %

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

· Building on the company's strength in disinfecting products and products, and having opportunities to make a real impact on our business. We distilled these insights into a core employer to help reduce healthcare-acquired infections, we brand ­ Our Clorox: Powered by everyone's leadership, every expanded our Professional Products business into day ­ that will help us preserve and nurture the qualities that healthcare channels. In fiscal year 2010, we acquired make Clorox unique. Caltech Industries, a U.S. leader in healthcare disinfecting products. In fiscal year 2012, we purchased Aplicare, CLOROX IS TRADED THE prevention products for the Our commitment to fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion Inc., a leader ON in infection NYSE UNDER THE SYMBOL CLOROX IS TRADED ON THE skin, and HealthLink, which bundles a range of products is a priority that sets Clorox apart. Focused recruiting, compreNYSE UNDER THE SYMBOL hensive training and support for our employee resource groups for individual physicians, doctors' offices, outpatient care all contribute to our ongoing efforts to ensure diversity and centers and other small healthcare facilities. inclusion is a business imperative. Since 2006, Clorox has · Responding to the changing demographics in the U.S., received a perfect score in the Human Rights Campaign's we've developed and marketed products for Hispanic Corporate Equality Index for our benefits and programs for consumers, including the Clorox Fraganzia® brand of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender employees. And, cleaners, air fresheners and spray disinfectants; Clorox this year, the company was named one of the 2013 "Best CloroGelTM, a multipurpose, bleach-based cleaner with a ® thicker formula; and new scents for Pine-Sol cleaners that of the Best" for top diversity employers by Hispanic Network Magazine. address Hispanic consumers' appreciation for fragrance. · In our International business, we refocused our efforts on strategic geographies and categories where we have Another important part of our people strategy is robust succession planning that creates opportunities for new leaders scale and competitive advantage. We grew our Home EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT and ensures the continuation of strong governance. In fiscal Care business in Latin America and significantly grew EMPLOYEE (fiscal 2013) ENGAGEMENT 2013, Larry Peiros, a longtime Clorox veteran who made our international Burt's Bees business. (fiscal 2013) extensive contributions to the business, retired from his post as chief operating officer (COO). We then moved to a structure We drove high levels of employee engagement and of two COOs, with the appointments of Benno Dorer to elevated a new generation of senior leaders. executive vice president and chief operating officer ­ Cleaning, Clorox's business strategy begins with our people. Our strong International and Corporate Strategy, and George Roeth focus on the engagement, development and well-being of our 8,400 employees around the world helps ensure we have to executive vice president and chief operating officer ­ motivated people who give their best every day. We regularly Household and Lifestyle. I'm pleased about the current structure of our executive team, with leaders whose extensive industry survey employees to determine their level of engagement by experience and strategic capabilities will continue our focus covering such topics as their pride in the company and in on delivering stockholder value. their work, their satisfaction in professional development, as well as the level of discretionary effort in their day-to-day jobs. In the last few years, our employee engagement scores have We integrated corporate responsibility into our business, because it's good business. significantly surpassed global benchmarks of companies. In fiscal 2013, the percentage of "engaged" and "highly engaged" More than ever, consumers and investors are voting with their wallets when it comes to companies that do the right thing. employees reached 87 percent. While our values have guided our success for more than 100 years, in fiscal 2010, the company established a formal We also surveyed employees around the world to capture corporate responsibility strategy that is tightly integrated the core attributes they value about working at Clorox. These with the business. attributes include living our values, pride in our trusted brands

CLX

% 87 %

Reviewed by Ernst & Young LLP. Refer to pages 43-44 for the review report. * A sustainability improvement is defined as either 1) a 5 percent or greater reduction in either product or packaging material on a per consumer use basis or 2) a meaningful sustainability improvement to 10 percent or more of either product or packaging material on a per consumer use basis.

2

THE CLOROX COMPANY | 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Our LEADERSHIP

GRI: 1.1, 1.2, 2.9, 2.10, 3.10, 4.2, 4.8, DMA EC, DMA SO, EC1

Five-Year Total Stockholder Return
(Fiscal Year 2008 ­ Fiscal Year 2013)

100% 80% 60% 40% 20% 0%

88% 59%

82% 60% 40% 25% 22%
Select Peers* S&P
Dividends Paid

29%
Clorox

15%

Stock Price Appreciation

* Peer companies ­ an average of 17 consumer packaged goods companies, excluding Clorox, used for benchmarking purposes.

From 2007 to 2012, we made a lot of progress in reducing the environmental impact of our operations. We reduced greenhouse gas emissions by 26 percent, energy consumption by 15 percent, water consumption by 22 percent and solid waste to landfill by 27 percent (per case of product sold). Earlier this year, Clorox was ranked No. 41 on the 2013 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World List by Corporate Knights, a Torontobased media and investment research company. The same listing placed us second among household and personal products companies. The company also received the Most Innovative Corporate Social Responsibility Disclosure Policy Award by Corporate Secretary magazine. The award recognized our 2011 annual report "Think Outside the Bottle," which was Clorox's first time to combine its financial, environmental, social and governance performance in an integrated report. And finally, for the third consecutive year, Clorox made it to Corporate Responsibility magazine's Top 100 list of most responsible companies. We continue to also believe that vibrant, healthy communities play a large role in the longevity of our business. That's why The Clorox Company Foundation has awarded cash grants totaling more than $90 million to nonprofit organizations, schools and colleges since its founding in 1980. In fiscal 2013 alone, the foundation awarded more than $4 million in cash grants, while the company made product donations valued at about $15 million1, and our brands' cause marketing programs contributed another $1.3 million to deserving nonprofits.

fragile consumer. Overall, we are pleased with our results, which also include: · Earnings from continuing operations that increased to $574 million, compared to $543 million in fiscal 2012 · Diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations of $4.31, an increase of 5 percent, versus fiscal 2012 of $4.10 · Gross margin expansion of 80 basis points, up to 42.9 percent versus 42.1 percent in fiscal 2012 · Economic profit of $426 million, an increase of 6 percent, compared to $402 million in fiscal 2012* · Free cash flow of $583 million, more than 10 percent of net sales, versus $428 million, or about 8 percent of net sales, in fiscal 2012** Despite this solid performance, our top-line results came in slightly lower than anticipated, primarily due to challenges we faced in the second half of the fiscal year, including unusually cold weather, which significantly impacted our Charcoal business and the overall category; declining foreign currencies in multiple international markets; and increased competitive activity in disinfecting wipes and laundry. We have plans in place to help address these challenges, including increased merchandising activity and product innovation scheduled for fiscal 2014. While one of our biggest challenges recently has been continued pressure on our margins ­ particularly from high inflation, price controls and foreign currency declines in Venezuela and Argentina ­ we made strong progress in rebuilding our margins in fiscal 2013, with gross margin up almost 1 percentage point to 42.9 percent. Once again, our track record of delivering strong cost savings made a difference in margin improvement, with a savings of more than $100 million this year. In

We delivered solid results in fiscal year 2013.
Turning to our fiscal 2013 results2, we delivered 3 percent sales growth, driven in part by record levels of product innovation, while continuing to face a bumpy economic recovery and a

1 2

 air Market Value was derived from current year average truckload price of the product donated. Truckload prices are based on volume ordered and shipped. F This report includes certain financial measures that are not defined by generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (U.S. GAAP), including economic  profit (EP)* and free cash flow**. These measures are called non-GAAP measures and should be considered supplemental in nature, as they are not intended to substitute related financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, these measures may not be the same as similarly named measures presented by other companies. They should only be read in connection with the company's consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP. For definitions and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, refer to page 10. THE CLOROX COMPANY | 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

3

Our LEADERSHIP

GRI: 1.1, 1.2, 2.9, 2.10, 3.10, 4.2, 4.8, DMA EC, DMA SO, EC1

fact, fiscal 2013 marks more than 10 consecutive years we've delivered at least 1.5 percentage points of margin improvement from cost savings. Our 2013 year total stockholder return was a robust 19 percent, which was slightly below the averages of our peer group and S&P 500 as the broader stock market experienced a strong rebound in early 2013. Delivering superior total stockholder returns continues to be a priority in our long-term plans, as evidenced by our superior five-year returns during our Centennial Strategy period. To this end, in May we increased our quarterly cash dividend by nearly 11 percent, making fiscal 2013 the 36th consecutive year we've increased total annual dividends paid to our stockholders.

and customers. We'll also continue to focus on the value proposition of our brands, emphasizing product superiority and meaningful innovation. Grow in profitable new categories, channels and countries. Our strategy also includes pursuing businesses in expanding markets with strong profit potential. These opportunities ­ whether they're adjacent categories in which our brands can be successful, new sales channels such as healthcare facilities, or countries where we want to expand our product offerings ­ should be large enough to be meaningful to Clorox and have competitive dynamics that leverage our brand strengths and our superior demand-creation capabilities. Fund growth by reducing waste in our work, products and supply chain. As we continue our transformation into an even more agile enterprise, we're placing the consumer at the center of everything we do. When it comes to our day-to-day tasks and operational processes, we'll focus on work that drives the highest value to our consumers ­ and ultimately leads to profitable growth. This means eliminating waste, or ineffective work, across the enterprise. Delivering strong cost savings, reducing selling and administrative expenses to 14 percent or less of sales over time and driving our sustainability initiatives are priorities that will help reduce waste and fund growth. When I think about our Centennial Strategy performance and our vision for 2020, the term "constancy of purpose" comes to mind. We've set clear goals and aspirations for our next set of milestones. We're leveraging the power of our brands, building on proven results and focused on a purposeful strategy, while remaining grounded in strong principles of corporate responsibility and always remembering our greatest competitive advantage is our people. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

Our 2020 Strategy continues the company's focus on delivering stockholder value.
Our sights are now set on 2020, with a strategy that builds on the success of the past six years and directs the company to the highest-value opportunities for long-term profitable growth and strong total stockholder returns. Specifically, our long-term financial targets include sales growth of 3 to 5 percent and EBIT1 margin growth of 25 to 50 basis points. With a commitment to maintaining a healthy dividend, our goal is to continue delivering total stockholder returns in the top third of our peer group. To accomplish our 2020 goals, we've chosen to focus on the following strategies: Engage our people as business owners. We want to enable our team across the entire company to become even more effective by empowering them to make decisions faster and supporting them to work more efficiently by simplifying operational processes. At the core, it's about moving toward a more agile enterprise ­ harnessing everyone's leadership and doing everything we can to enable Clorox people to make an impact each and every day. Support the long-term health of our brands through more targeted 3D plans and product innovation. We plan to evolve our 3D demand-creation model of desire, decide and delight to engage with consumers in a more meaningful way and ensure we're addressing their product needs. This evolution will include seeking more granular insights about when and where consumers are open to communications, and expanding our digital capabilities to better target and personalize consumer messages and address the growing role of e-commerce. We'll look to enhance our supply chain to be more flexible and better anticipate the needs of consumers

Donald R. Knauss Chairman and Chief Executive Officer August 23, 2013

1

 BIT represents earnings from continuing operations before interest income, interest expense and income taxes. EBIT margin is the ratio of EBIT to net sales. E Both EBIT and EBIT margin are non-GAAP financial measures. The company's management believes these measures provide useful additional information to investors about trends in the company's operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons. THE CLOROX COMPANY | 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

4

