 COMERICA INCORPORATED
Letter to Shareholders
Ralph W. Babb Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Comerica’s solid financial performance in 2006 underscores many positive core operating trends. Loan growth in our fastest-growing markets continued at a double-digit pace throughout the year, and credit quality remained solid.
We continued to return excess capital to shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs. We also increased our annual dividend for the 38th consecutive year.
Our strategy for success, first outlined three years ago, is focused on six key drivers, or pillars: growth, balance, relationships, risk management, accountability and diversity. I would like to focus on the first two – growth and balance – as these are areas of increasing emphasis at Comerica. I also will touch upon relationships – the key to our company’s strength and success. You can learn more about these and the other pillars of our strategy in the section immediately following this letter.
 4
      
Growth
We have an established retail distribution system in Michigan and continue to enjoy a leader- ship position in the state as the business bank of choice among companies of all sizes. Our brand recognition in the market continues to be very high, and was greatly enhanced in 2006 when sev- eral post-season baseball games were played at Comerica Park, home of the American League Champion Detroit Tigers. Because of our relationships and strong local knowledge, we believe we can continue to generate good business in Michigan, even in the face of a slow state economy.
We are exporting our relationship banking expertise, nurtured for more than 150 years in Michigan, to this country’s most attractive and fastest-growing markets: California, Texas, Arizona and Florida. This is helping us to diversify our earnings mix, so we are far less dependent on any one market or business segment. Our plan is to continue to grow our presence in these high-growth markets.
Today, Comerica operates in seven of the eleven largest cities in the United States – Los Angeles, Houston, Phoenix, San Diego, Dallas, San Jose and Detroit.
The U.S. Census Bureau projects that three states – California, Texas and Florida – should account for nearly one-half of total U.S. population growth between 2000 and 2030. Each of the three states is expected to gain more than 12 million people between 2000 and 2030. Arizona, in terms of population, is expected to rise from 20th place in 2000 to 10th place in 2030.
Such projections help fuel our belief that the best opportunities for future growth of Comerica lie in these fastest-growing markets.
Opening new banking centers in these fastest-growing markets is an important part of our growth strategy. Unlike other banks, our intention is not to blanket every market with branches. Rather, we are much more selective. We are opening banking centers in key markets where we can grow business banking, small business, wealth management and retail all at once.
Since our initial three-year banking center expansion program began in late 2004, we’ve opened 60 new banking centers, up from our original target of 50. In 2006, we opened 25 new banking centers. We also refurbished 19 banking centers and relocated seven others to more visible and convenient locations.
Among the new banking centers opened since 2004, we’re seeing a nicely balanced distribution of loans and deposits from each of our business segments. This is important as we look for sites that provide a balance of middle market, small business and affluent households. By engaging all of our lines of business, we greatly improve the rate of success for the new banking centers. We have obtained almost $800 million in deposits from our new banking centers since beginning the expan- sion program in late 2004.
Our goal is to have our new banking centers become profitable within 18 months. Our expan- sion program is meeting that target. As we expand our banking centers, we closely manage our human capital and expenses.
We are currently planning to open about 30 banking centers in 2007.
Balance
In addition to growth, our new banking centers are providing us with geographic balance. By 2010, we expect more than half of our banking centers to be located in growth markets outside of Michigan, up from 38 percent today. As we build momentum, we believe we can increase the rate of expansion.
5
    
6
Our national platform has been built on our ability to export relationship banking to new markets. Our size allows us to provide customers with a broad range of services while retaining the look, feel and flexibility of a smaller community-banking organization. We are steadily making progress toward our goal of achieving more geographic balance, with the Texas, Western and Florida markets generating 50 percent of average total loans compared to 46 percent a year ago.
To achieve balance, we are leveraging our strength as a business bank by expanding our retail, and wealth and institutional management businesses. You can learn more about our three strategic lines of business in the “At a Glance” section that precedes this letter.
Our strength as a business bank of choice for owner-managed and other companies is well known. We are among the top commercial lending institutions in the country. We provide our business customers with a level of service and experience they can’t always find elsewhere. We understand their business models and our commercial lenders use that knowledge to tailor our products and services to fit their needs.
The retail bank is a key part of our deposit-gathering strategy, and accounts for 45 per- cent of our 2006 average deposits, excluding the deposits in our Finance/Other division. Re-invigorating the retail bank is key to maintaining strong profitability and growth.
Our wealth and institutional management business has been producing increasingly bet- ter results for us. We re-engineered that business, and in doing so re-energized it and made it more efficient. Leveraging our existing customer base – both in the retail and the business bank – provides tremendous cross-sell and growth potential.
Regarding the sale of Munder Capital Management: We announced the sale in August and completed it by year-end. We realized an initial after-tax gain of $108 million. The transaction was the right move for our clients and shareholders. We now have a highly effective open architecture wealth management platform, which makes available to clients a wide array of investment alternatives for individual and institutional investors, including Munder’s products.
18
16
14
12
10
Return on Average Common Shareholders’ Equity
3
Cash Dividends Declared Per Common Share
$2.36
                     12.31%
13.12%
2 $1.92 $2.00 $2.08
1 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006
15.03%
$2.20
 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 Based on net income
17.24%
16.90%
     
Relationships
The relationships we form with our customers provide us with a distinct competitive advantage in the financial services marketplace. Our relationship managers are known for their ingenu- ity, flexibility, responsiveness, and attention to detail. They are seasoned professionals whose experience level is among the financial services industry’s highest. By staying close to our custom- ers, we are able to provide them with the solutions, products and quality services that help them be successful.
We have included some examples of our outstanding customer relationships in the pages that follow this letter.
Comerica’s relationship model has flourished in several niche markets. These include financial services, municipalities, heavy equipment dealers, title and escrow companies, and private equity-sponsored companies. We are expanding these specialty areas to all of our markets.
We do an excellent job training and rewarding our relationship managers to cross-sell the bank’s products and services. Based on a recent customer survey of our middle-market customers in three of our major markets, overall customer satisfaction is high. This is evident in the fact that on average, Comerica captures 92 percent of its customers’ total treasury management business. That’s very high, given that customers are willing to give a maximum of 97 percent of their trea- sury management business to a single provider. In fact, Comerica received very strong scores for ease of doing business and for the depth of our products and services.
Wealth and institutional management provides another example of our ability to increase the depth of customer relationships from cross-selling other bank products and services. Our wealth and institutional management strategy is consistent with Comerica’s core strength: It starts with a relationship-based sales model. To that, we add strong investment performance and customized and flexible solutions for our customers.
Comerica’s focus on relationships also extends to the communities where we do business. Through contributions, employee volunteerism and partnerships, we are helping to make a difference in the communities we serve. In 2006, we provided nearly $16 million to not-for-profit organizations nationwide, including nearly $9 million from the Comerica Charitable Foundation. We also raised $2.4 million in employee pledges for United Way and the Black United Fund.
In summary, our strategy for success is working and delivering solid results, thanks in large part to our employees, who are committed to our vision of helping people be successful. Our businesses continue to grow. We’re beginning to move the needle on the balance of our earnings mix, and we expect those results to accelerate. We believe a balanced growth strategy will produce more stable and consistent earnings over time. In this competitive environment, relationships matter the most. We expect to continue to see the benefits of this approach as we apply our relationship-based model to our growth products and markets.
We believe the result will be a bank with an improving growth rate; a more stable, more diver- sified mix of revenues; and excellent credit management. Combining that with an attractive dividend payout and capital management program provides a formula for solid returns to our shareholders.
Ralph W. Babb Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 7
    