To Our Shareholders
 Ralph W. Babb Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
We have taken significant steps to transform our company for the better. As a result of the hard work of our entire team, an action-oriented improvement plan and a sharp focus on results, we emerged from 2016 a stronger and more confident organization, well positioned for the road ahead. This was positively reflected in our stock’s performance and increased profitability as we moved through the year.
As always, we are committed to providing exceptional experiences for our customers and serving as their trusted advisor, while diligently working to reduce costs and drive efficiencies. Although we have consistently posted superior average loans and deposits per employee relative to our peers, we recognized that we needed to do more to improve returns and enhance shareholder value. As a result, in July 2016, we announced a transformational, enterprise-wide initiative to help grow efficiency and revenues, which we call GEAR Up.
Today, GEAR Up is already making a substantial contribution to our bottom line. Through GEAR Up, we identified and began in earnest executing on more than 20 work streams. As promised, we achieved more than $25 million in expense savings in 2016. In total, by the end of 2018, we expect to drive at least $270 million in additional pre- tax income, relative to when we began the program.
Expanded product offerings, enhanced sales tools and training and better customer analytics are expected to increase customer penetration of our products. We’ve also streamlined leadership across our organization to support speed and simplicity of getting business done, which has resulted in renewed vigor and focus for our colleagues.
We’ve taken a multifaceted approach to cutting costs, including reducing our workforce by approximately nine percent, redesigning our retirement program, optimizing real estate, streamlining operational processes, selectively outsourcing technology functions and reducing technology system applications.
Workforce reductions included the elimination of about 30 percent of our management positions in order to get closer to our customers and accelerate decision making, while ensuring we maintain our high standards for customer service and deep expertise and experience. Our new retirement program continues to provide highly competitive benefits and is expected to contribute approximately $33 million in savings in 2017. We are implementing technological enhancements, such as digitizing our credit processes to enhance data collection and analysis and improve the customer experience, as well as optimizing our infrastructure and substantially reducing the number of IT applications across the bank.
1

And we have also begun rationalizing our real estate. While we remain committed to our footprint, with the advancement of technology and customers' migration to a broader use of digital channels, we need less space to operate our business. The consolidation of 38 banking centers, or about eight percent of our network, of which four were closed in the second quarter and 15 were closed in the fourth quarter, is expected to result in $10 million to $13 million per annum in savings. This is net of customer attrition, which is expected to be nominal as we have another banking center within two to five miles for the bulk of the locations that are being closed. Also, we have developed a plan to consolidate operations and office space, and are targeting a 500,000-square-foot reduction in real estate, which should result in approximately $7 million in savings in 2018.
Collectively, these actions take us a long way towards our goal of achieving a double-digit return on equity in 2018. We expect to meet or exceed this goal with sustained growth, net of investment, normal credit costs, continued equity buybacks and assuming only a modest increase in rates. In addition, we are targeting an efficiency ratio of at or below 60 percent by year-end 2018 and we believe that the December increase in rates will help us reach this goal even faster. Importantly, while rising rates can be a significant benefit to Comerica, we are committed to these initiatives and are not relying on rate increases or a better economic environment to achieve our objectives.
We believe our stock’s performance in part reflects that investors recognize the value of our GEAR Up initiative. In 2016, Comerica's stock increased 63 percent, compared to a year ago, outperforming all of our peers as well as the KBW Index and S&P 500 Index. In fact, in the S&P 500 Index, we were the best performing financial stock and among the top 10 performers overall.
I, along with our executive team, remain very confident that we will continue to meet the financial targets that we have established for GEAR Up. We expect the actions we are taking will ensure that we remain a strong partner and trusted advisor for our clients in the future, while enhancing shareholder value and achieving a higher level of returns for our shareholders.
2016 Financial Highlights
We reported 2016 net income of $477 million or $2.68 per share, which included $0.34 in restructuring charges. Earnings per share increased six percent over 2015, excluding these restructuring charges,* as we began to reap the benefits of our GEAR Up initiatives, as well as rising rates. Also, we increased the size of our equity buyback by 25 percent, which is a reflection of our strong capital position and solid financial performance.
Excluding the $641 million reduction in energy loans, average loans increased over $1 billion or 2 percent. The most notable increases in average loans came from areas where we have deep expertise, such as Commercial Real Estate, National Dealer Services, and Mortgage Banker Finance.
Average deposits have grown 32 percent over the last five years and reflect our focus on building long-term client relationships. In 2016, noninterest-bearing deposits increased $1.7 billion, or 6 percent, while interest-bearing deposits declined $2.2 billion. Altogether, total average deposits declined one percent and reflected the adjustments made in early 2016 for the new Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) requirements, which were mostly offset by significant growth in the third and fourth quarter of 2016.
*Earnings per share decreased 6 percent over 2015, including restructuring charges. For 2016, earnings per share excluding restructuring charges is calculated by taking the net income available to common shareholders ($473 million), plus restructuring charges net of tax ($59 million), divided by diluted average common shares (177 million).
2

We had $1.8 billion of net interest income in 2016, an increase of 6 percent, primarily the result of higher interest rates, loan growth and a larger securities portfolio, partially offset by modestly higher debt costs.
Credit quality continued to be strong. The provision for credit losses increased primarily due to a larger reserve required for Energy loans in the first quarter of 2016, partially offset by improvements in the remainder of the portfolio. Net charge-offs of 32 basis points were at the low end of our through-the-cycle average, and excluding energy line of business, our net charge-offs were 13 basis points.
With respect to noninterest income, customer-driven fees increased $22 million, or over two percent. We had a large increase in card fees, as well as growth in fiduciary, foreign exchange and brokerage fees as we continue to focus on growing and expanding relationships.
Noninterest expenses declined $23 million after excluding restructuring charges of $93 million, as well as a $33 million release of litigation reserves in 2015. Our GEAR Up initiative drove over $25 million in expense savings.
In June 2016, we announced that the Federal Reserve did not object to our 2016 Capital Plan. In April and July 2016, our board of directors increased the quarterly cash dividend for common stock by 5 percent and 4.5 percent, respectively, to 23 cents per share. We repurchased 6.6 million shares in 2016 under our equity repurchase program. Through the buyback and dividends, we returned $458 million, or 96 percent, of 2016 net income to shareholders. Our regulatory capital levels remain comfortably above the threshold to be considered well- capitalized.
In summary, the skillful execution of our GEAR Up initiative, a modest rise in rates, and a 25 percent increase in our equity repurchase program resulted in a six percent increase in our 2016 earnings per share before restructuring expenses, and improvements in our efficiency ratio and returns on assets and equity. Our book value increased three percent over the past year, to $44.47, and tangible book value per share increased four percent over the past year, to $40.79, as we continue to focus on creating long-term shareholder value.**
**See Supplemental Financial Data section for reconcilements of non-GAAP financial measures.
Relationship Banking Strategy and Balanced Geographic Footprint Keys to Success
Our relationship banking strategy and balanced geographic markets are important drivers of our success. Comerica strives to be the trusted advisor to our clients, providing them with financial products and services they need to prosper. Our geographic footprint is well situated and provides diversity and significant growth opportunities. We remain committed to delivering exceptional customer experiences that exceed expectations and deliver a higher level of banking.
Regarding our footprint, we have a strong presence in the major metropolitan areas of Texas, California and Michigan, providing us with a balanced market presence. We also have locations in Arizona and Florida, with certain businesses operating in several other states, as well as Canada and Mexico. While our unique geographic footprint provides us with economic diversity, we operate as ‘one bank’ and our policies, procedures and systems are integrated across our footprint. A single platform provides significant synergies and is highly efficient and cost effective.
TEXAS: We’ve had a presence in Texas for almost three decades and moved our corporate headquarters to Dallas nearly 10 years ago. We have operations throughout Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Austin, and San Antonio. We continue to leverage our standing as the largest U.S. commercial bank headquartered in the state to generate new customer relationships.
3

The Texas economy has proved to be very resilient in adjusting to the challenging low oil price environment. We believe that the state’s important energy sector is starting to turn the corner, aided by firmer prices and strong demand. We expect Texas to continue to generate new jobs and business opportunities, supported by a healthier energy sector and a stronger U.S. economy in 2017.
CALIFORNIA: We have had a presence in California for more than 25 years. San Jose serves as our market headquarters. Additionally, we have a presence in the Greater San Francisco area, Los Angeles, Orange County, San Diego, Sacramento, and Santa Cruz/Monterey.
We expect California’s economy to be a solid performer in 2017. Expanding U.S. and global economies plus the accelerated diffusion of new technologies into the broader economy will support the state’s important technology sector. Likewise, improving domestic and international economic conditions are positive factors for the state’s entertainment industry.
MICHIGAN: In Michigan, we operate in Detroit, which is our market headquarters, as well as in the Detroit metropolitan area, Ann Arbor, Battle Creek, Grand Rapids, Jackson, Kalamazoo, Lansing, Midland, and Muskegon. We have maintained a continuous presence in Michigan since 1849, and continue to hold the second largest deposit market share in the state, based on the latest FDIC deposit market share survey.
The Michigan economy continues to improve, buoyed by a strengthening manufacturing sector. U.S. auto sales remain strong and the auto industry is in the midst of an exciting surge in new technologies, including the innovation of state-of-the-art “smart car” driving systems. Michigan’s leading academic institutions are playing a key role in developing these new technologies and incubating new business opportunities.
Our Three Strategic Lines of Business
In addition to our diverse footprint, growth is driven by our three strategic lines of business. Our model continues to be weighted toward commercial banking through our Business Bank and complemented by the Retail Bank and Wealth Management.
Within the Business Bank, Middle Market Banking remains our "bread and butter." It is where we have a competitive advantage due to the depth and breadth of our expertise in this area. As part of our GEAR Up initiative, we are taking steps to nationalize our middle market sales process. We are doing this by leveraging our best practices and conducting business in a consistent manner throughout our enterprise. Our focus is on sales enablement, organizational consistency, operational efficiency and talent management. Nationalizing our middle market sales process will be an important initiative for us throughout 2017. And it is expected to result in improved productivities, revenue generation and reduced expenses.
In May, Comerica was honored to be selected by the U.S. Treasury to be their Financial Agent providing merchant card services, also known as Card Acquiring Services. With a five year contract, this business includes approximately 7,000 merchant accounts, representing a multitude of government agencies, and an estimated $12 billion in annual payments volume. This expands our relationship with the U.S. Treasury, which already included DirectExpress®, the program that provides Social Security payments via a pre-paid card, and myRA®, a savings option for those who do not have access to a retirement savings plan at work.
Our Retail Bank continues to focus on ensuring we have the products, services and locations to meet customer needs. In addition to strategically repositioning our banking center network through consolidations and relocations, we completed more than two dozen interior refurbishments in 2016, which included transitions to new design concepts and teller cash recyclers to improve efficiency.
4

We also successfully deployed transformational technologies at our Greenville banking center in Dallas, building upon the successful deployment of these technologies at banking centers in Michigan and California. Approximately 90 percent of transactions at the Greenville banking center are processed via the ATMs and BankerConnect, our interactive teller-like machine. In addition, we introduced Comerica-branded ATMs at the highly-trafficked Detroit Metropolitan Airport.
Also within the Retail Bank, we made Web Banking and Bill Pay upgrades, including the launch of Web Banking Combined View, which allows our Web Banking customers to combine accounts with different taxpayer identification numbers under one Web Banking ID, fulfilling a significant customer request. Furthermore, we launched a web-based Comerica Insurance Services platform that enables customers to compare shop and buy a variety of insurance products from multiple providers.
Small Business successes in 2016 included the integration of a new centralized underwriting center that supports relationships up to $1.5 million in exposure. This contributed to improved speed-to-market for these types of loans.
Wealth Management enables us to bring private banking, investment management and fiduciary services to our Business Bank and Retail Bank clients. In large part due to our GEAR Up initiative, Wealth Management made notable progress in growing loans and fee income, while controlling expenses, and managing risk appropriately. In 2017, we will launch the Wealth Productivity Transformation initiative, which includes the implementation of a relationship management tool that we believe will enable our colleagues to drive market share and better serve our clients. Wealth Management also expects to leverage technology to increase productivity, increase share of wallet, and reduce time to close.
Well Positioned for Rising Rates
The Federal Reserve increased its benchmark rate 25 basis points in December 2016, marking only the second change it has made to the short-term benchmark rate in eight years. As I previously mentioned, our 2016 financial results benefited meaningfully from the December 2015 rate increase. Comerica's business model continues to be well positioned for a rising rate environment.
Our balance sheet is sensitive to movement in interest rates, since the majority of our revenue is derived from the interest we receive on loans we provide to our clients. Our loan portfolio represents over two-thirds of our total assets as of December 31, 2016, and over 90 percent of our loans are floating rate. Therefore, as rates rise, our portfolio reprices quickly. In addition, more than 50 percent of our deposits are noninterest-bearing, and, as such, are less impacted by movement in rates. They also provide us a source of low-cost funding as loan growth continues.
Energy Portfolio Weathering the Cycle
At year-end 2016, our energy loans had declined $820 million, or 27 percent, from one year ago, bringing our Energy line of business to less than five percent of our total loans. Energy Services, which has been most significantly impacted this cycle, represented less than one percent of our total loan portfolio. The performance of our Energy portfolio has improved. While oil prices have been relatively stable, we continue to be cautious and believe we are properly reserved with our loan loss reserve allocation at over seven percent of Energy loans as of December 31, 2016. We remain committed to the energy sector and believe that in cycles such as the current one, we can further cement our relationship with our clients.
5

Recent Additions Enhance Strong Board
Our board appointed two new independent directors in 2016: Michael Van de Ven, who is the chief operating officer of Southwest Airlines, and Mike Collins, who had a distinguished 37-year career at the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. We have a strong and diverse board with a good mix of industry, financial and leadership backgrounds. Given the regulated nature of our industry as well as its cyclicality, we believe it is important to have long-tenured directors with a deep understanding of our business and environment. However, we also recognize the importance of bringing fresh perspectives.
Investments in Cybersecurity Continue
The cybersecurity threat environment is intensifying and Comerica's defenses are ready. Over the past several years, Comerica has met this escalating environment with significant investments in its cybersecurity defensive posture, building a robust program with advanced identification, protection, detection, response and recovery capabilities. We have established a cybersecurity capability that leverages industry standard frameworks and targeted regulatory guidance to provide wide coverage, which we evaluate regularly through independent assessments. Our security operations center and intelligence capabilities are monitoring our systems 24/7, constantly adjusting our defenses to the changing threat environment.
Opportunities for Regulatory Relief
The national election is bringing change to Washington, D.C. and with it, optimism for regulatory relief for banks, particularly those of our size. It now appears to be a legislative priority to reduce complex and costly regulations that burden banks and impact the flow of credit to businesses. We believe there is potential for revision or elimination of certain aspects of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that could benefit Comerica and the industry as a whole. This includes changes to the definition of a systemically important financial institution (SIFI) from the current $50 billion and above in assets to either a higher asset threshold or a metrics-based formula to determine a firm's true complexity and risk profile. We believe a positive change to the SIFI designation would be a major step toward the kind of regulatory relief that would potentially spur increased lending to businesses, reduce compliance expenses, and allow us to manage capital and liquidity to meet our needs in a more prudent manner.
Our Strong Commitment to Community, Diversity, Financial Literacy and Sustainability
Comerica continued its commitment to the communities in which we operate in 2016. Comerica contributed more than $8 million to not-for-profit organizations in the markets we serve, and, in addition, our employees raised nearly $1.7 million for the United Way and Black United Fund. Our team also donated their personal time and talents - about $1.3 million worth in volunteer hours - to make a positive difference in our local communities.
Some of the recognition we received for our efforts included the prestigious Corporate Social Responsibility Award from the Financial Services Roundtable. In addition, Comerica was named as one of the 50 most community- minded companies in the nation as part of the Civic 50, an initiative of Points of Light, the world's largest organization dedicated to volunteer service.
6

Our community “Shred Day” events continue to serve as the largest, most visible and most successful brand awareness, public education, colleague engagement, and community service campaigns that we host. Working with event partner Iron Mountain at shred-day events in Dallas, Houston, Phoenix and Detroit, we securely destroyed and recycled more than 800,000 pounds of paper in 2016, while gathering donations for local food banks. These signature events continue to provide a triple bottom line: helping reduce fraud and identity theft, freeing up hundreds of tons of space in local landfills, and raising awareness of hunger in our communities.
We marked the fifth year of the Comerica Hatch Detroit Contest by more than doubling our commitment. In addition to providing the grand prize for the winning idea for a new retail business, we invested funds to help launch even more small businesses in the city. Fifteen new businesses are now open, thanks to the contest's success. We sponsored a similar contest in Dallas with the Dallas Entrepreneur Center and Tech Wildcatters. These contests offer us an opportunity to advance the aspirations of entrepreneurs in our markets.
Diversity is an important core value at Comerica. We support 39 diversity-focused teams within the bank that promote employee engagement, business outreach, and diversity awareness and learning among colleagues. Comerica's focus on diversity has been favorably recognized, as we earned a third consecutive perfect 100 rating on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's 2017 Corporate Equality Index, a national benchmarking survey and report on corporate policies and practices related to LGBT workplace equality.
Black Enterprise magazine placed Comerica on its 2016 “40 Best Companies for Diversity” list. Comerica also ranked No. 2 on the DiversityInc 2016 Top 10 Regional Companies for Diversity. In addition, we were named to LATINO magazine’s 2016 “LATINO 100” list, the fourth annual listing of the top 100 companies providing the most opportunities for Latinos in such areas as education, hiring, workforce diversity, minority business development, governance and philanthropy.
We also ranked among 2016's "Best Places for Women and Diverse Managers to Work" by Diversity MBA, which is a national leadership organization targeting leadership and talent management among professionals, managers and executives. In addition, Comerica was named among the "Top 25 Companies for Diversity in Texas" by the National Diversity Council. The award is based on women and minority representation in executive leadership and on boards of directors.
We continued to expand our financial education efforts throughout our footprint in 2016, with some impressive results. The Comerica Money $ense program, which has been incorporated into the classrooms of 41 elementary schools throughout Maricopa, Palm Beach and Broward counties in Florida, is a web-based financial education program designed by leading technology company, EverFi. During the 2015-2016 school year, more than 2,100 students were served by the Comerica-funded program, with more than 6,000 learning modules completed to help predominantly low- and moderate-income students learn how to make wise financial decisions.
Comerica recognizes the business value created through sustainability and that’s why it is embedded in our core values. We continued our progress on reducing our environmental footprint in line with Comerica’s 2020 Environmental Sustainability Goals and remain ahead of pace on our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, water consumption, and paper use by 2020. In addition, we exceeded our goal of reducing waste sent to the landfill four years ahead of schedule by achieving a 24.1 percent reduction compared to our goal of 20 percent. Also, Comerica continues to support a green economy with nearly $900 million of environmentally beneficial loans and commitments to companies in 13 different categories.
7

In 2016, we were once again recognized for our climate change management strategy and emissions reduction efforts through CDP (formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project), receiving an “A-“ rating, among the highest scores in the U.S. financial services industry. Our work on supply chain sustainability earned Comerica its third consecutive Green Supply Chain Award from Supply & Demand Chain Executive magazine, and we were pleased to be listed on the FTSE4Good index series for the 8th consecutive year.
Positioned for Future Growth
In closing, 2016 was a pivotal year with the development and implementation of our enterprise-wide GEAR Up initiative. We have made significant progress in executing the expense savings and are fully committed to delivering on the efficiency and revenue opportunities to further enhance our profitability and shareholder value. We also benefited meaningfully from increased interest rates and our overall credit metrics remained strong as we continued to navigate the energy cycle. In addition, there has been much discussion in Washington, D.C. about plans to reduce taxes, provide regulatory relief and fiscal stimulus to drive economic growth. While there is no certainty as to what changes may prevail, we believe our customers and Comerica should benefit if changes are made. We believe we are well positioned for the future as our geographic footprint is well situated and our relationship banking strategy can drive superior growth of loans, deposits and fee income over time.
Thank you for your continued support.
74_40.444,
Ralph W. Babb Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 8
