At Comerica during 2003 we initiated a number of changes
that position us to grow our businesses as our nation’s economy
improves. We merged state bank charters, reorganized two major
divisions and are beginning to build new branches in our growing markets.
We fine-tuned our focus on relationship banking and significantly reduced
our exposure to purely transactional loans. And, despite the fact that our
customers were challenged by the economy, especially the manufacturing
sector, we steadily improved our credit quality, and I anticipate even more
improvement in 2004.
We experienced strong growth in our average deposits in 2003 primarily
because first, the mortgage refinancing boom boosted deposits in our
Financial Services group; and second, many companies chose not to
launch new capital expansion activities. Obviously, we expect this will
change as the economy improves this year and we anticipate deposits
will decrease somewhat.
However, we have plans in place to build branches in high-growth
markets and strategically grow deposits. I’ll discuss those details later
in this letter.
In 2003, we merged our individual state bank charters and they are
now one bank with a unified goal: provide quality customer service and
position Comerica for future growth. We’ve made key decisions regarding a
unified product line and multi-state banking capabilities, and expect all
our customers will be able to bank at any Comerica branch in the United
States beginning July 1. We
reorganized the former Individual
and Investment Banks into two
divisions: Small Business & Personal
Financial Services and Wealth &
Institutional Management. We also
created an External Affairs and
Community Relations Division to build
and sustain the Comerica brand, and
manage our corporate citizenship
activities, in all of our markets.
Enterprise-Wide Risk Management –
our program to monitor and control
risk on a consistent, coordinated
basis throughout the company –
is well on its way. In 2003, we took
major steps forward to build a strong,
effective risk management program.
We made changes to our credit
processes and technology, including
refining policies and guidelines, and
adding new credit risk-rating tools
and more sophisticated portfolio
monitoring capabilities to help us
better manage the credit risk of our
loan portfolio. So what’s ahead for Comerica in 2004? We’ve taken an inventory of our
strengths, and they are impressive: intelligent, hard-working colleagues;
excellent relationship banking skills; quality products and services;
a leadership position in Michigan; and tremendous growth potential in our
Western and Texas regions, and in the state of Florida, where our primary
business is private banking.
Our employees make it all happen. This
report features some of the 2003 winners
of our premier competitions: National
Quality Excellence Award, Brainstorm! and
Chairman’s Circle. The National Quality
Excellence Award is a peer-driven
competition that recognizes ten
employees’ commitment to quality and
contributions to the company. Brainstorm!
rewards employees who propose the most
valuable suggestions that enhance
revenue or reduce expenses. And, the
Chairman’s Circle rewards employees
who demonstrate Connectivity behaviors
by cross-selling and referring business to other departments.
These people are among the “best of the best” of our more
than 11,000 talented and dedicated employees.
Here at Comerica, our primary business is meeting the financial needs of
middle market and small business customers in large metropolitan areas. Commercial lending is, over the economic cycle, a very attractive business,
and the last couple of bottom-of-the-cycle years haven’t changed that.
Commercial lending is at the heart of our customer relationships as it
pumps business into our personal financial services and wealth and
institutional management businesses. Simply put, who better to provide
personal financial services and wealth
management to the small business
owner or entrepreneur than the bank that
provides loans and other financial services
to their businesses?
We intend to capitalize on this revenue
potential and grow personal financial
services and wealth management to
provide for more consistent results
through the next economic cycle.
We offer our customers an array of quality
products and services, and our branches
play a strategic role in leveraging our
strong sales culture and providing
excellent customer service.
A recent survey showed that 83 percent of small businesses and
74 percent of middle market commercial customers visit a branch weekly.
That is why, over the next three years, we expect to open approximately
50 branches. Two-thirds of these branches will be in California and Texas,
to capture the under-served small business and wealth management
customers there. Our strategy is to create a branch network around our target
segments and core customer base by selectively grouping branches in areas
that give us the best combination of growth opportunities. For example, the
major metropolitan areas within California each contain more than two times
the number of small businesses than those found in the metropolitan
Detroit area.
This doesn’t mean Michigan is no longer important. Detroit has been our
hometown for more than 150 years, and we’re proud to serve the customers
and communities in Michigan. Now we will implement that winning formula in
our other, faster growing markets. We’ll do that by developing a standardized
product platform and delivery system, as well as national branding and
marketing programs. We’re implementing common sales and service models
for how we run our retail, small business and private banking businesses
across our footprint markets. The customer experience will be a seamless one
throughout all of our markets.
To increase our share of the high-net worth market, we will provide
comprehensive private banking services in all of our markets. About 40 percent
of Comerica’s Private Banking referrals come from the branches, so the new
branches in California and Texas will fuel the growth of Private Banking.
Faster growth in these markets outside of the Midwest will help reduce the
sensitivity to fluctuations in local economies and industry concentrations
within our lending portfolio. Our leadership position in Michigan – both in terms of size and customer
satisfaction ratings – remains equally important as our growing markets
in the Western and Texas regions. Strong relationships are profitable
wherever they may be, and no one has better relationships than we do in
Michigan, where strong retail relationships also give us a stable source of
funds and fee income.
Meeting our objectives will provide market share gains and increased profit
contributions from markets outside of the Midwest, and increased deposits
and other products per customer. This translates into greater revenue
per customer.
Looking beyond 2004 to the longer term, our objective is to grow revenues
by 5 to 7 percent while holding expenses to a 2 to 3 percent growth rate, to
achieve a 50 percent efficiency ratio. We will continue to maintain a strong
capital base with Tier 1 common equity of 7 to 8 percent. Thus, our goal is
a return on equity of 15 to 18 percent.
I am confident we have a solid foundation now in place from which we can
grow profitably and provide attractive returns for our shareholders.
Ralph W. Babb Jr.
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer