    strength
of leadership
                                  Comerica Incorporated Comerica Tower at Detroit Center 500 Woodward Avenue, MC 3391 Detroit, Michigan 48226
www.comerica.com
2000
Annual Report

 Comerica’s Vision
We are in business to help our customers, employees, communities and shareholders be successful. We are committed to delivering the highest quality financial services by:
• Providing outstanding value and building enduring customer relationships.
• Creating a positive environment for our colleagues, built on trust, teamwork and respect.
• Demonstrating leadership in our communities.
• Ensuring a consistent, superior return for our owners.
Corporate Description
Comerica Incorporated (NYSE: CMA) is a multi-state financial services provider headquartered in Detroit with banking subsidiaries in Michigan, California and Texas; banking operations in Florida; and, businesses in several other states. Comerica has an investment services affiliate, Munder Capital Management, and operates commercial banking subsidiaries in Canada and Mexico. A Fortune 500 company, Comerica at year-end 2000 was the 22nd largest banking company in the United States, with $42 billion in total assets.
Comerica is the business bank of choice for owner-managed companies. It ranks among the top 20 U.S. bank holding companies in small business lending and ranks first among the nation’s top 50 bank holding companies in commercial loans as a percent of total assets.
Comerica’s more than 10,000 employees deliver comprehensive financial services through a diverse network that includes offices in select high growth metropolitan markets, web and telephone banking, approximately 330 branch and supermarket locations, and 625 automated teller machines.
Comerica is organized into three focused operating units:
Business Bank Corporate Banking (National Business Finance; U.S. Banking; Middle Market Banking; W.Y. Campbell) International Finance, Treasury Management Services
Individual Bank Private Banking, Small Business Banking and Personal Financial Services
Investment Bank Investment Services (Comerica Securities; Munder Capital Management; Wilson, Kemp & Associates), Comerica Insurance Group, Institutional Trust, Retirement Services
 Contents
1 Financial Highlights
2 At a Glance
4 Letter to Shareholders 8 Strength of Leadership
16 Directors and Officers
22 Financial Review and Reports
Financial Highlights
2000 Annual Report 1
 2000
$ 1,659 749 4.68 4.63 1.60 23.94 59.38
21.16% 1.86
8.58
$41,985 38,903 36,060 33,817 27,168
3,757
 Common shareholders’ equity
3,225
1999 Amount
$ 1,547 $ 112 673 76 4.20 0.48 4.14 0.49 1.44 0.16 20.60 3.34 46.69 12.69
Percent
7% 11
11 12 11 16 27
9%
8 10 11 17 17
Change
 Income Statement
Net interest income
Net income
Basic net income per share
Diluted net income per common share Cash dividends per common share Book value per common share
Market value per share
Ratios
Return on average common shareholders’ equity Return on average assets
Average common shareholders’ equity as a
percentage of average assets
Balance Sheet (at December 31)
Total assets
Total earning assets
Loans 32,693 Business loans 30,473 Deposits 23,291
21.86% 1.82
8.11
$38,653 36,046
$ 3,332 2,857 3,367 3,344 3,877 532
 Net Income (In Millions)
530 417
749
Diluted Net Income Per Common Share (In Dollars)
4.63
  673 607
4.14 3.72
    3.19 2.38
      96 97 98 99 00
96 97 98 99 00

 2 Comerica Incorporated
2000 Annual Report 3
At a Glance
Our Strengths and Strategies
Overview
Strengths
Strategies
     Comerica’s Business Bank provides companies with an array of credit
and non-credit financial products
and services. It builds long-lasting relationships with business customers, with an emphasis on middle market companies. The Business Bank offers corporate clients highly professional business lending, credit underwriting and cash management services.
Comerica’s Individual Bank focuses
on deepening relationships with consumers, and owners and managers of small businesses. It also delivers highly responsive and personalized private banking services to affluent individuals. Individual Bank distribution channels include branch offices, banking by personal computer and telephone, automated teller machines and supermarkets.
Comerica’s Investment Bank offers
a full range of investment products
and services to individuals, companies and other entities. Major areas of focus include institutional trust, retirement services, full-service brokerage services and insurance. The Investment Bank plays a vital role in keeping client assets focused within Comerica.
• One of the nation’s premier business banks.
• Expertise in forming strong relationships with corporate clients.
• Lending units organized by customer characteristics and location.
• Experienced and seasoned staff.
• Technologically advanced treasury management and international
trade services with a North American commercial banking platform.
• Proven expertise in gathering consumer assets.
• Nationally recognized small business lender.
• Well-established, powerful sales culture.
• Diversity of products and services with competitive pricing.
• Team-based, relationship management approach.
• Solid partnerships with Business Bank and Individual Bank customers.
• Investment services affiliate, Munder Capital Management, is one of the nation’s leading money management companies.
• National delivery platform.
• Blue-chip investment client base.
• Expanded online outreach capabilities.
• Leverage relationships by cross-selling products and services.
• Emphasize skill-based commercial banking activities.
• Focus on high-growth metropolitan markets.
• Leverage growing Internet capabilities to enhance quality of service.
• Build upon the strength of locally based loan decision making.
• Continue to grow market share among profitable segments.
• Leverage strong referrals from internal and external networks.
• Continue to maximize the business potential of strategic alliances.
• Roll out new products to enhance business opportunities in the marketplace.
• Enhance the electronic delivery of retail products and services.
• Continue to broaden product offerings and delivery channels.
• Continue focus on gathering client assets.
• Enhance Internet-based brokerage and trust services.
• Leverage affiliation with Munder Capital Management.
• Expand insurance offerings through strategic alliances.
 Core Competencies
Comerica forges long-term customer relationships with a strong focus on its principal strengths: business lending and asset gathering. The bank’s three primary operating units are aligned to ensure profitability, growth
and quality. Each unit contributes to Comerica’s success in the financial services marketplace.
Business Bank
 Individual Bank
 Investment Bank

Return on Average Common Equity (In Percentages)
Dividends Per Common Share (In Dollars)
1.60
  21.32
16.91
22.54
15.50
21.86 18.02
21.16
16.22
1.44 1.28
      16.10
1.15
  15.98
1.01
       96 97 98 99 00
Comerica Industry Average
96 97 98 99 00
  We continued to lead the industry, ranking in the top 10 of the 50 largest U.S. bank holding companies as measured by return on equity. Return on assets was 1.86 percent, and return on common equity was 21.16 percent, ranking Comerica number five and number nine respectively among the top 50 U.S. bank holding companies. Our efficiency ratio is one of the lowest, at 48 cents on the dollar.
The market rewarded our strong performance; our stock price increased 27 percent in the year 2000, well ahead of the 19 percent gain in the Keefe 50-Bank Index.
As we have in the past 32 consecutive years, Comerica increased its annual dividend. In January 2001, we raised the quarterly dividend for common stock by 10 percent
to $0.44 per share.
Our success is the result of our highly disciplined strategy, our expertise in relationship banking and our people.
Our strategy is to be a premier business lender in major metropolitan markets throughout the United States, while
 4 Comerica Incorporated
2000 Annual Report 5
Chairman’s Letter
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
The year 2000 ended as it opened — with an exciting event illustrating Comerica’s strength and leadership. From the cold, snowy opening day in April at Comerica Park in downtown Detroit, to our November announcement in Los Angeles of our acquisition of Imperial Bancorp, 2000 was an important year for Comerica.
  Eugene A. Miller
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
offering full-scale retail services in our home state of Michigan, and on an accommodation basis in our
other markets. Over the years we have shed ancillary businesses and refocused our entire company on those segments of the market that we believe offer the best growth opportunities and the best match with our skills. As a result of our unwavering focus on our strategy, more than 90 percent of all loans in our portfolio are to business enterprises. Our well-developed credit culture serves as the foundation of our business lending.
Working hand-in-hand with our business lending strategy is our emphasis on relationship banking. We continuously cultivate long-term relationships. As a result, we can help
our customers manage their businesses through the ups and downs of an economic cycle.
Our expertise in relationship banking also serves us
well as we execute our asset gathering strategy to gather and manage the assets of our individual customers.
We are with them through their entire life cycle: from their first savings account, to their first home mortgage, to financing their children’s college education, to retirement and estate planning.
And often times, paths cross. For example, many a business owner has sold the business we helped to grow and prosper, and turned to us for financial planning, and trust and retirement services.

6 Comerica Incorporated
2000 Annual Report 7
$ 300
$ 200
$ 100
Comparison of Five Year Cumulative Total Return Among Comerica Incorporated, Keefe 50-Bank Index and S&P 500 Index (Assumes $100 Invested on 12/31/95 and Reinvestment of Dividends)
Our acquisition of Imperial is a perfect strategic fit. We waited four years for the right one. Imperial is the right one. Not only does it meet our criteria, it delivers broader skill and adds scale at the right time in the evolution
of our company. And, their business lending strategy fits our strategy like a silk glove.
We will combine Imperial’s growth record with our solid growth, financial discipline and strong credit culture.
The acquisition leverages complementary strengths in corporate banking, expands our presence in high-growth California markets, builds a leadership position in the Emerging Growth business niche, and does so with low execution risk and financially attractive terms to our shareholders. The resulting combination gives us excellent potential to further enhance shareholder value by
creating a larger, stronger, well-disciplined, middle-market relationship lender in California.
We welcome our new colleagues from Imperial to the Comerica team. They will benefit from being part of a larger organization that is committed to employees and their professional development, and I know we will be enriched by their fresh perspectives and new ideas.
Our number-one priority for the year 2001 will be the integration of Imperial and Comerica Bank-California.
We have set a realistic integration timetable over two years
to phase in cost savings and one year to convert to common operating platforms. This should give us the time to ensure that we retain customers and employees; in other words, a time line that will allow us to make this integration seamless.
When the integration is complete, Comerica Bank-California will rank number one in that state in Small Business Administration (SBA) lending, entertainment lending and in speciality deposits; number two in Emerging Growth lending; and number four in commercial and industrial lending.
Nationwide, Comerica will rank number two in Emerging Growth lending; and in the top five in SBA lending, entertainment lending and in specialty deposits.
As I mentioned earlier, our well-developed credit culture is the foundation of our business lending. We intend to bring our strengths — extensive credit training, solidly integrated lending and credit functions, and a proactive credit administration process — to this integration. Our excellent credit quality also will enable us to weather any economic downturn in the year 2001.
Going forward, internal growth will continue to be our main driver, but we will look at acquisition opportunities as they arise. Also in 2001, we intend to open at least four new branch offices in fast-growing communities in Michigan, as well as one in Houston, Texas.
A vital component to our success is brand recognition and awareness, which will continue to grow as a result of our acquisition of Imperial, and the immense success of Comerica Park.
At the heart of our company is our colleagues, whose work is guided by a set of core values and who act like owners of the company — because they are owners. They care about their customers, fellow shareholders and the success of Comerica. It is because of them that Comerica is a proven leader in the financial services industry today, and well-positioned to meet the challenges that lie ahead
in 2001.
Eugene A. Miller
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Comerica Incorporated Keefe 50-Bank Index S&P500Index
Working hand-in-hand with our business lending strategy is our emphasis on relationship banking. We continuously cultivate long-term relationships.
    $0
1995 1996 1997
1998 1999 2000
 As a result of our highly disciplined strategy, we have been able to deliver consistent growth in revenue and earnings. While we have been focused on executing this strategy,
we have watched on the sidelines as a number of banks engaged in merger and acquisition transactions (and subsequently disappointed their shareholders). We refrained from that activity, because we believe that skill is more important than scale in business lending and because
we will not engage in any transaction that does not create shareholder value. Also, we are only interested in a transaction that meets our high standards for strategic
fit, financial logic and a smooth integration.
 
 8 Comerica Incorporated
2000 Annual Repor
Strengthof Leadership
  We are the business bank of choice.
Comerica is a premier business bank. Our emphasis is on middle market and small business lending. We are among the nation’s top 20 small business lenders. We also rank first in commercial and industrial loans as a percent of total assets.
More than 90 percent of Comerica’s loan portfolio is comprised of business loans. More than half of the portfolio is made up of loans to middle market companies.
The typical business loan ($5 million) at Comerica is to an owner-managed company with $5 million to $250 million in annual sales. Our approach to lending is anything but typical.
We focus on relationships.
We know how to form lasting relationships with business owners and managers. We get to know and understand them, as well as their businesses. By offering creative solutions that meet their distinct needs, we are helping their businesses succeed.
Our winning strategy is built on skill, not scale. Our skill is our expertise in relationship building. This is a differentiating strength.
Relationship managers at Comerica are known for their ingenuity, flexibility, responsiveness and attention to detail. They are seasoned professionals, with 15 to 20 years of experience being the norm.
Having lasting relationships with customers means we stay the course with them through thick and thin. We are used to navigating the swift currents of change.
Along with our ability and willingness to lend, we have a proven ability to cross-sell our customers a variety of lending and non-lending products and services that meet their needs and help them be successful.
skill
 t9
  
  PaineWebber Location
Dain Rauscher Location Comerica Private Banking Center
   focus
 10 Comerica Incorporated
2000 Annual Report 11
Leveraging our Strengths
 We are asset gatherers.
Comerica deepens its relationships with individual and corporate customers through asset gathering. Our primary objective is to earn the right to manage, advise and hold client assets. Comerica’s asset gathering is driven by a strong sales and service culture and a passion to help customers succeed.
Our investment services affiliate, Munder Capital Management (www.munder.com), helps us accomplish our asset-gathering objective. Munder Capital Management
is a leading U.S. money management firm with approximately $48 billion in assets under management.
Our nationwide alliances with PaineWebber and Dain Rauscher also support our asset-gathering objective. Trust alliances such as these have become an important new line of business for Private Banking, giving Comerica the ability to market its trust services nationwide and providing significant distribution channels through which we can offer our personal trust products.
While our asset gathering is nationwide in scope, as a company we focus our banking activities in major business centers.
We operate in high-growth metropolitan areas.
We have chosen to operate in high-growth, metropolitan markets where we can practice our brand of business banking. The two cities in which our banks in Texas and California are headquartered —
San Jose and Dallas — are ranked number five and number nine in Fortune magazine’s 2000 ranking of “the best cities for business.” In addition, we have business banking offices in Atlanta, San Francisco, Denver and Chicago — four other cities on Fortune’s top 10 cities list. And, Michigan, our headquarters state, has led the nation for the fourth year in a row in business expansion and development, according to Site Selection magazine.
Our geographic footprint is greatly extended by our union with Imperial Bancorp, which provides us deeper penetration into California as well as entry into Phoenix, Boston, the Seattle area and other high-growth centers of business.
We also have business banking operations north and south of the U.S. border. Our North American platform is a benefit to companies that have cross-border relationships. From Toronto to Mexico City and many points in between, we are able to quickly and efficiently support the trade and investment flows of our business customers.
Local decision making contributes to our success in the markets we serve. It is our people who make the difference.

12 Comerica Incorporated
 Strength of Character
We are highly motivated.
Shared goals drive our sales culture. Individual and team performance in meeting customer needs is rewarded. We have more than 10 national business referral programs, such as those undertaken in Private Banking and Treasury Management Services, that reward employees for referrals resulting in new business.
Comerica’s Million Dollar Investment Club (MDIC) rewards employees and retirees whose successful referrals to key investment areas total $1 million or more in one calendar year. Some 1,000 colleagues are MDIC members.
As part of Brainstorm 2000! we rewarded employees for their great ideas to increase efficiency, enhance revenue and reduce costs. The 10 winning ideas are expected to generate $1.3 million in annual revenue and reduce annual expenses by $1.7 million. Scott Cornell and Estella Roberts, both of Comerica’s Service Company, won the top prize for their idea to streamline customer statements.
Our National Quality Excellence Award recognizes 10 Comerica colleagues annually who demonstrate a superior level of customer service. Our overall winner for 2000 is Arma Brown, a branch manager in Michigan.
Our emphasis on service quality is matched by our attention to credit quality.
We are expert underwriters; our credit culture is strong.
At Comerica, we know how to underwrite credit. Despite fluctuations in the economy, our asset quality remains superior. Constant monitoring and controls provide a solid foundation for our credit process.
There is a seamless integration of credit and lending at Comerica. All of our credit officers have experience that includes work as lenders. Likewise, all of our lenders have received credit training. Our internal credit college
is second to none. The on-the-job training and continuing credit education we provide sets us apart from others within and outside of our industry.
Speed and accuracy are hallmarks of our deeply ingrained credit culture. They are the same attributes that play an important role in the delivery of state-of-the-art services to customers.
  acc
uracy
2000 Annual Report
13
    
 14 Comerica Incorporated
2000 Annual Report 15
Leadership at Work
    We are technologically advanced.
Customers appreciate the growing availability from Comerica of leading-edge Internet services. With the launch in 2000 of Comerica NetVisionSM, businesses can quickly determine their cash position and manage funds from anywhere in the world through an industry standard web browser.
Comerica became the first financial services provider to offer balance reporting, file transfer and transaction initiation services over the Advanced Network Exchange (ANX®), a virtual private tunnel through the Internet. Comerica also became the first U.S. banking company to offer TradeCard®
to initiate, negotiate, fulfill and settle international trade transactions online.
Comerica’s commercial card programs provide businesses powerful information management tools with online access to reporting.
Individual customers also benefit from our emphasis on Internet technology. Comerica Web Banking made its debut in 2000 as our online banking system. Private Banking created an Internet site for high net worth clients. Comerica Securities, our full service broker-dealer, also enhanced its Internet presence in 2000.
Comerica’s ability to manage technological change is a proven strength. The dedication of our Service Company, particularly in its transformation to a customer-service focused support organization, enables our business units to succeed.
ability
We are leaders in the communities we serve.
At Comerica, we know that our business can only be as healthy as the markets we serve. That is why we are dedicated to improving the communities where we live and work. We do this through contributions, partnerships and volunteer resources.
For example, in 2000 Comerica raised more than $1.8 million in employee pledges for United Way and the Black United Fund, a 14 percent increase over the previous year.
Our Comerica Charitable Foundation serves as a model of corporate responsibility and leadership in the Michigan community. A foundation grant to the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute, for example, supports a special program for cancer patients visiting the Institute for the first time.
A grant from Comerica Bank-California to the Mayfair Neighborhood Improvement Initiative supports the initiative’s Leadership Academy. A gift from Comerica Bank-Texas enables enhancements at Old City Park, such as digital audio tours of The Historical Village of Dallas. The Florida region of Comerica Bank partners with the Boca Raton YMCA, and in 2000 served as main sponsor of the annual Champion’s Ball, one of the Y’s top fundraisers.
We listen. We understand. We make it work.
 Dedication at Comerica also extends to the places where we live and work.

 16 Comerica Incorporated
2000 Annual Report 17
 Our Leadership Team Comerica Incorporated Board of Directors
1. Heinz C. Prechter Chairman and Founder ASC Incorporated
(c)
2. Gail L. Warden
President and
Chief Executive Officer Henry Ford Health System (e)
3. James F. Cordes
Former Executive Vice President The Coastal Corporation
(g)
4. Robert S. Taubman
President and
Chief Executive Officer
The Taubman Company, Inc. (g)
5. John D. Lewis
Vice Chairman
Comerica Incorporated and Comerica Bank
6. Eugene A. Miller
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Comerica Incorporated and Comerica Bank
(d, e, f, g)
7. Lillian Bauder, Ph.D. Vice President Corporate Affairs Masco Corporation (a, c)
8. Todd W. Herrick President and
Chief Executive Officer Tecumseh Products Company
(g)
9. Anthony F. Earley Jr. Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer DTE Energy Company (g)
10. Max M. Fisher Investor
(b)
11. Roger Fridholm President
St. Clair Group
(e)
12. Howard F. Sims Chairman
Sims-Varner & Associates
(c)
13. John W. Porter, Ph.D.
Chief Executive Officer
Urban Education Alliance, Inc. (e)
14. Peter D. Cummings Chairman
Peter D. Cummings & Associates
(f)
15. J. Philip DiNapoli President
J.P. DiNapoli Companies, Inc. (a, c)
16. Patricia M. Wallington President
CIO Associates
(f)
17. William P. Vititoe Consultant
Former Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer Washington Energy Company (a)
18. Martin D. Walker Principal
MORWAL Investments
(a, b)
19. Wayne B. Lyon Chairman
Lifestyle Furnishings International, Inc.
(b)
20. Kenneth L. Way Chairman
Lear Corporation
(b)
21. David Baker Lewis Chairman
Lewis and Munday, P.C.
(f)
22. Alfred A. Piergallini
President and Chief Executive Officer Novartis Consumer Health Worldwide (b)
Board Committees
(a) Audit & Legal (b) Compensation (c) Directors
(d) Executive
(e) Public Responsibility (f) Trust & Investment (g) Risk Asset
  1 2 3 7 8 10 11 13 14 15
45 9 12 17
19 20 22
 6 21 16
18

 18 Comerica Incorporated
2000 Annual Report 19
 Comerica Bank-California Directors
Comerica Bank-Texas Directors
Management Council Eugene A. Miller
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Ralph W. Babb Jr.
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Joseph J. Buttigieg III
Vice Chairman Business Bank
John D. Lewis
Vice Chairman Individual and Investment Banks
John R. Beran
Executive Vice President
and Chief Information Officer
Richard A. Collister
Executive Vice President Corporate Staff
George C. Eshelman
Executive Vice President Investment Bank
J. Michael Fulton
President and
Chief Executive Officer Comerica Bank-California and Imperial Bank
Dale E. Greene
Executive Vice President Corporate Banking
Charles L. Gummer
President and
Chief Executive Officer Comerica Bank-Texas
John R. Haggerty
Executive Vice President Small Business Banking and Personal Financial Services
Thomas R. Johnson
Executive Vice President Credit Policy
George W. Madison
Executive Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel
Ronald P. Marcinelli
Executive Vice President National Business Finance
David B. Stephens
Executive Vice President Private Banking
Theodore J. Biagini
Counsel
Biagini Properties
Jack C. Carsten
Managing Director Horizon Ventures
Leo E. Chavez, Ph.D.
Chancellor
Foothill-DeAnza Community College District
Jack W. Conner
Former Chairman Comerica Bank-California
Norman P. Creighton
Vice Chairman
Comerica Bank-California
J. Philip DiNapoli
President
J.P. DiNapoli Companies, Inc.
N. John Douglas
President and
Chief Executive Officer Douglas Broadcasting/Personal Achievement Radio
J. Michael Fulton
President and
Chief Executive Officer Comerica Bank-California and Imperial Bank
George L. Graziadio Jr.
Chairman
Comerica Bank-California
Walter T. Kaczmarek
Executive Vice President Comerica Bank-California
Elinor Weiss Mansfield
Attorney
Lowell W. Morse
Chairman of the Board Cypress Ventures, Inc.
Edward P. Roski Jr.
President
Majestic Realty Company
David C. White
Executive Vice President Comerica Bank-California
Lewis N. Wolff
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer WolffDiNapoli
James F. Cordes
Former Executive
Vice President
The Coastal Corporation
Thomas M. Dunning
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer Lockton Dunning Benefit Company
Ruben E. Esquivel
Vice President
Community and
Corporate Relations University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center
Charles L. Gummer
President and
Chief Executive Officer Comerica Bank-Texas
Rev. Zan Holmes Jr.
Senior Pastor
St. Luke Community United Methodist Church
Jake Kamin
Chairman
South Texas Advisory Board Comerica Bank-Texas
W. Thomas McQuaid
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer Performance Properties Corporation
Raymond D. Nasher
Chairman
Comerica Bank-Texas; Chairman
The Nasher Company
Calvin E. Person
Owner
Calvin E. Person and Associates
Boone Powell Jr.
Chairman
Baylor Health Care System
 Left to Right: John D. Lewis, Vice Chairman, Individual Bank & Investment Bank; Ralph W. Babb Jr., Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; Joseph J. Buttigieg III, Vice Chairman, Business Bank

20 Comerica Incorporated
2000 Annual Report 21
 Commercial Banks
Comerica Bank
Comerica Tower at Detroit Center, 500 Woodward Avenue, MC 3391 Detroit, Michigan 48226
(313) 222-4000 (248) 371-5000
Eugene A. Miller Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Headquartered in Detroit with offices in greater Detroit, Ann Arbor,
Battle Creek, Grand Rapids, Jackson, Kalamazoo, Lansing, Midland
and Muskegon.
Florida region specializes in private banking services, with offices in Boca Raton, Fort Lauderdale, Palm Beach Gardens, Naples, Sarasota and Tampa. National businesses
of Comerica operating in Florida include Comerica Business Credit, National Dealer Services, Commercial Real Estate, International Trade Services and SBA Lending.
Comerica Bank-Texas
1601 Elm Street, MC 6507 Dallas, Texas 75201
(214) 589-1400
Charles L. Gummer President and
Chief Executive Officer
Headquartered in Dallas
with offices in the Dallas/ Fort Worth Metroplex, Austin and the greater Houston area.
Comerica Bank-Canada
Suite 2210 South Tower Royal Bank Plaza
200 Bay Street
P.O. Box 61
Toronto, Ontario M5J 2J2 (416) 367-3113
Philip H. Buxton Managing Director
Headquartered in Toronto, Comerica Bank-Canada provides a wide range of corporate banking, treasury, cash management and trade services
in Canada.
Comerica Bank-California
333 W. Santa Clara Street MC 4805
San Jose, California 95113
(408) 556-5000
J. Michael Fulton President and
Chief Executive Officer
Headquartered in San Jose with offices in the Bay Area (San Jose to San Francisco), Santa Cruz Coastal, Los Angeles (Los Angeles and Orange Counties) and San Diego.
Imperial Bank
Century Boulevard
at the San Diego Freeway
P.O. Box 92991
Los Angeles, California 90009
(310) 417-5600
J. Michael Fulton President and
Chief Executive Officer
Headquartered in Los Angeles
with regional offices located
in Los Angeles, City of Industry, Costa Mesa, San Diego,
Beverly Hills, San Francisco,
San Jose, Walnut Creek, Sacramento, Sherman Oaks and Fresno, Calif., Phoenix, Denver and Kirkland, Wash.
Comerica Bank Mexico, S.A.
Edificio Forum
Andres Bello No. 10
Piso 17
Col. Chapultepec Polanco Mexico, D.F. 11560
(011) 525-279-3700
Claude H. Miller Managing Director
Headquartered in Mexico City, with additional offices in Monterrey
and Querétaro, Comerica Bank Mexico, S.A. provides a wide range of corporate banking and trade services to middle market and large corporate companies.
Other Units
Comerica Securities, Inc.
A full service broker-dealer that offers stocks, bonds, mutual funds and annuities to individual investors, along with investment banking services.
Comerica Insurance
Services, Inc.
Offers life, disability, long-term care, group benefits, and property and casualty insurance to businesses and individuals.
Professional Life Underwriters Services, Inc. (PLUS)
Provides life insurance, annuities and disability insurance products to independent insurance agents.
Munder Capital Management
Provides investment advisory services to institutions, municipalities, unions, charitable organizations and individuals across North America. Also serves as investment manager for The Munder Funds.
Wilson, Kemp &
Associates, Inc.
Provides account management services to private investors, corporations, municipalities and charitable institutions throughout the United States.
W.Y. Campbell & Company
Provides investment banking and corporate finance services to Fortune 500 companies and middle-market firms.
Comerica West Incorporated
U.S. Banking-West Group originates mid-sized loans to business customers with specific emphasis on the Western United States.
Comerica Leasing Corporation
Provides equipment leasing and financing services for businesses throughout the United States.
Comerica Trust Company
of Bermuda Ltd.
Offers trust services for captive insurance companies and offshore mutual funds.
(Select businesses with locations outside of Comerica’s primary markets)
Comerica Business Credit
Atlanta Cincinnati Chicago Cleveland Dayton, Ohio Denver Indianapolis Stamford, Conn.
International Finance
Chicago
Hong Kong
Sao Paulo, Brazil
National Dealer Services
Chicago Denver
Private Banking Centers
Cleveland Memphis New York City Phoenix
SBA Lending
Denver
New Orleans
U.S. Banking
Chicago Las Vegas
Emerging Growth*
Phoenix
Denver
Boston
New York City Raleigh-Durham, N.C. Reston, Va.
Kirkland, Wash.
* Imperial Bank
                     Left to Right: Charles L. Gummer, President and Chief Executive Officer, Comerica Bank-Texas; J. Michael Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer, Comerica Bank-California and Imperial Bank; Claude H. Miller, Managing Director, Comerica Bank Mexico, S.A.; Philip H. Buxton, Managing Director, Comerica Bank-Canada
