  LETTER TO
Shareholders
 COMERICA INCORPORATED
Ralph W. Babb Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   19.52%
$1.92 $2.00 $2.08 $1.76
$1.60
      15.16%
    12.31%
    2000 2001 2002 2003 2004
2000 2001 2002 2003 2004
15.03%
13.12%
               2
Return on Average Common Shareholders’ Equity
Cash Dividends Declared Per Common Share
   
 In 2004, we identified the six key drivers to deliver attractive total shareholder returns: growth, balance of business mix, relationships, risk management, accountability and diversity. Through- out the year, everyone here focused on these areas, and their efforts laid the groundwork to position us for future success.
Specifically, we’ve built and strengthened business relationships. We’ve improved our geographical reach and our business mix. We’ve kept our costs down, and our credit exposures under control. We’ve found ways to manage better across all our operations. All of these things are within our control, and we’re proud of what we’ve accomplished. However, the continued softness of business borrowing – a central business for Comerica – kept our bottom line from fully reflecting the efforts we have underway.
Our businesses performed satisfactorily despite the slow business economy but, more importantly, the progress we’ve made positions us well for improved results when the commercial lending markets recover.
In 2004, we reported net income of $4.36 per diluted share, return on equity of 15.03 percent and return on assets of 1.49 percent.
Average loans were down in 2004, primarily as a result of the planned reduction of our large corporate and international portfolios. However, encouraging momentum built in new business development in the last half of 2004, as we saw commitments to new customers, and extended or expanded commitments to existing customers; these translated into slight growth in outstandings during the fourth quarter. We are finding these opportunities as we continue to focus on developing relationships with high-quality borrowers.
Growth – To better capitalize on our growth prospects, particularly in the faster-growing markets of California and Texas, we opened 17 new branches: nine in California, three in Texas and five in Michigan. And, as a result of consolidated bank charters and a standardized product set, we are now able to provide more uniform and consistent service to our customers on a national basis.
In 2004, we focused significant efforts on strengthening our Wealth & Institutional Management business. We see substantial potential to develop a more balanced stream
of revenue at Comerica, and Wealth & Institutional Management is an important element
in this strategy. We put in place new business managers responsible for performance of each significant product and service, complemented by regional managers responsible for sales and relationship management of all products and services in the field. This assures good central controls, as well as strong client advocacy and improved cross-selling.
Our focus on cross-selling has been further enhanced by co-locating professionals with varying specialties, revised compensation plans, and improved training and technology.
We broadened the distribution of our product set by training our sales force on all of our investment vehicles. For example, wealth advisors now have the capability to sell investment products offered by Munder Capital Management and Wilson, Kemp & Associates, Inc., and brokers have been trained on life insurance products.
 3
 
 4
Improve balance of business mix – Forty-three percent of our earnings in 2004 came from outside of the Midwest, and over time, we expect it will exceed 50 percent because of the greater growth prospects in the Western and Texas Divisions, and in Florida.
The rate of growth for new households and small business creation in those two divisions offers opportunities to leverage our franchise, as does the current branch density in California and Texas, which is lower than the national average.
To help us achieve consistent growth through all phases of a business cycle, we’re also
diversifying our earnings mix by business segment. Today, the Business Bank provides 73 percent of our net income, and the other segments account for 27 percent. We believe we can grow Small Business & Personal Financial Services, and Wealth & Institutional Management at faster rates than the Business Bank so that, in the future, those areas will represent about 35 percent of our net income and the Business Bank, 65 percent.
How are we achieving this new balance? We are achieving it by:
• Building our presence in our faster-growing markets in the Western and Texas Divisions, and Florida, with new branch offices, because a large majority of our small business and middle market customers are in the branches weekly;
• Capitalizing on our existing relationships to grow Personal Financial Services, and Wealth & Institutional Management, and
• Leveraging our best practices in customer service programs and products across all of our markets.
Unique approach to relationships – One competitive advantage that distinguishes Comerica is our ability to build and retain customer relationships, and our customer satisfaction surveys bear that out. We’re the right size to deliver relationship banking with all of the products and capabilities of a large bank, but with the service of a community bank. Please turn to page six to learn more about our relationships with our customers.
On the commercial side, over the last few years we’ve repositioned our loan portfolio away from credit-only relationships, focusing primarily on long-term relationships with customers who use many of our products. We also have focused on our North American platform, offering our business customers products and services on both sides of the U.S. border.
And on the retail side of the business, branches now better assist customers in decision- making, because our “single customer view” enables us to see their entire account portfolio even if it spans more than one market.
Driving risk management to industry-leading level – In 2004, our goal was to refine and reinvigorate the credit and risk management process at Comerica so that we consistently produce superior credit results, keeping in mind the need to support quality growth in revenue and earnings.
 
 There are five “pillars” of risk: credit, market and liquidity, operational, compliance, and business risk, the last of which is made up of reputational and strategic risk. Members of executive management oversee these areas, and an Office of Corporate Risk Management reporting directly to me provides an independent set of eyes that looks at the five areas to assess Comerica’s overall risk position.
In 2004 we took significant steps to improve our ability to identify, assess, monitor, control and mitigate our risks. For example, on the credit side we developed new risk rating tools, and reviewed and refreshed all of our credit policies. On the operational side, we rolled out a new software system that identifies, measures and tracks operational risk.
Diversity – To help us emphasize our commitment both internally and externally, and create a standard against which to measure our behaviors, we adopted diversity as a core value. We know that embracing diversity is critical to the success of our organization.
Measure results – In 2004, we established many new processes and systems, and we continued to align incentive compensation with performance. Because one of the most important pieces of any business model is execution, we also put in place the proper metrics by which to measure our results and hold ourselves accountable.
For example: in the Business Bank, we’re using relationship manager scorecards to measure the growth of customer relationships, products/services and revenue for each relationship manager. Similarly, we’re using common branch metrics and officer performance goals across our franchise as we continue to build our presence in Texas and California. We’ve also rolled out scorecards for branch and small business relationship managers.
Finally, and most importantly, we continue to evaluate and align business unit compensation with corporate strategy.
In summary, we have expanded our branch network to capture more small business, middle market and retail customers; reorganized and strengthened our Wealth & Institutional Management Division; enhanced our capability to serve our customers on a nationwide basis; intensified our focus on risk management; and put in place the metrics by which we’ll measure ourselves.
The most important component of all is our colleagues, who are dedicated to serving our customers, and committed to our vision to help people be successful by “listening, understanding, and making it work.”
Ours is a good business to be in, and we know it inside and out. It’s a business that can deliver attractive returns. We have a strategy that can deliver those results, and we have a team to execute that strategy.
Comerica has what it takes to be successful. I’m excited by the opportunities ahead of us.
Ralph W. Babb Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 5
 