12

A MESSAGE FROM STANLEY A. RABIN

Dear Shareholders and Friends, The time has come for me to step down from my responsibilities as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Commercial Metals Company, a position I have been honored to hold since 1999. My employment with Commercial Metals began in 1970. Over the past 38 years I have held a number of jobs with the Company, including President, beginning in 1978, and Chief Executive Officer from 1979-2006. I have also been a director since 1979. As of August 31, 2008, I have relinquished all my posts at CMC. My retirement hasn't come as a surprise. We have been following a well-publicized, phased succession plan, under which I relinquished my position as CEO on September 1, 2006. The plan ensures that an experienced management team is in place today, led by current President and CEO Murray McClean, who now adds the Board chairmanship to his responsibilities. I'm proud to have been part of a team that has overseen great growth in shareholder value and achieved a record of success through a number of business cycles, including more than 30 years of consecutive profitability and the record results we have enjoyed the past several years. This growth has been fueled by a major expansion in our domestic and international manufacturing, fabrication and distribution segments. The Company is poised for even greater success in the years ahead despite the challenges facing CMC today because of the global financial meltdown. None of this success would have been possible without the hard work of many excellent colleagues. There are too many to name. And, of course, all of us owe a debt to the leaders who have preceded me in retirement, and all those who worked for the success of CMC over many years. I would also like to salute colleagues on the Board of Directors, whose independence, guidance, expertise and confidence have made chairing the Board a privilege and a pleasure. Finally, I want to thank all the members of the CMC family, from Arkansas to Zawiercie. I'm proud to have been in the metals industry and to have had the opportunity to work alongside you.

Stanley A. Rabin

