3

TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Turning it around Operationally, fiscal 2011 marked the beginning of a turnaround for CMC, amidst what remains a challenging environment for the entire metals industry. With this backdrop, we've taken a number of important steps and made progress on key fronts to improve performance and position CMC for future success. Also, as planned, during the year we effectively transitioned to a new, experienced management team that remains committed to building on the Company's strong platform and to delivering value for all of our stakeholders. In fiscal 2011, two of our operating segments showed substantial improvement in their adjusted operating profit ­ Americas Recycling and Mills. Within the International Mills segment, our Polish operation, CMC Zawiercie (CMCZ), also recorded a significant year over year improvement in adjusted operating results. These improvements in Poland, however, were offset by ongoing losses from our mill in Croatia. Despite implementing a number of actions to improve this operation ­ and substantial progress there ­ in October 2011, we decided that the best course forward was to exit this operation to focus on our core business. Lastly, as the Americas Fabrication segment continues to face a difficult and competitive market outlook, we determined that additional restructuring was necessary in these operations. We are confident that these actions will position the business for improved profitability and shareholder return on a go-forward basis.
SALES BY REGION
US 55% Europe 21% Asia 14% Australia/NZ 7% Other 3%

While we have taken clear action to rigorously and effectively adjust our cost structure, we also continued to invest in the Company during fiscal 2011. Two new shredders were approved for Americas Recycling, which will go into operation in 2012 in order to increase capacity. Internationally, we purchased G.A.M. Steel Pty. Ltd., a leading distributor and processor of long products and plate based in Melbourne, Australia, which enhances our existing steel service capability in Australia. We recognize that we are in a highly cyclical business, with many factors impacting our results. The effects of ongoing weakened demand in certain markets, volatile pricing and global liquidity and credit constraints all contribute to the reality of the current business

BROAD END-USE MARKETS (GLOBAL)
Public Infrastructure Marketing & Distribution Service Centers Raw Material Industrial/OEM Heavy Commercial Light Commercial Agriculture Energy Residential

4

environment. A continuing low level of construction spending in the US remains a headwind for CMC and for our peers. Though challenges remain, we are proud of the strides we have made and are committed to continuing down our charted path. Organizing for efficiency In addition to the specific items noted above, we also have had a keen focus on capturing broader efficiencies and synergies in our operations. This led us to realign our businesses in the Americas towards a regional model. The CMC Americas Division is now organized in East, West, and Central operations that vertically integrate Recycling, Mills, and Fabrication. We believe this is the right structure and are already beginning to see real benefits. Improvement continues
2011 EBITDA
($ thousands)

2011 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
Americas Recycling 12% Americas Mills 40% Americas Fabrication 3% International Mills 41% International Marketing & Distribution 4%

Net loss attributable to CMC Interest expense Income taxes Depreciation and amortization including impairment charges Adjusted EBITDA

$ (129,617) 70,806 16,340 279,721 $ 237,250

Although we will continue to face headwinds in certain markets, we believe that we will also see improvement as a direct result of the steps we have taken. In our International Mills segment, results next year will highlight the profits from our CMCZ operation once we conclude the wind-down of CMC Sisak in Croatia, where unsatisfactory performance has clouded the impact of our turnaround in Poland. And, while still facing a number of challenging external forces in the marketplace, our Americas Fabrication segment will also benefit in fiscal 2012 from our aggressive action taken in 2011. For our US based operations, the economic difficulties of construction markets on both East and West coasts have impacted demand for our products and services. In time, construction markets will recover, and we have both a great foundation of assets and a solid plan to focus on other markets that have shown better recovery, such as the industrial and energy segments.

5

Leadership transition and a note of thanks There have been a number of transitions in management at CMC during fiscal 2011. First, as part of the Company's long-term succession plan, Joe Alvarado ­ who previously served as CMC's Chief Operating Officer ­ became President and Chief Executive Officer on September 1, 2011. Joe takes the baton from Murray McClean, who continues to serve CMC as Chairman of the Board. Secondly, we wish to acknowledge and thank Bill Larson for his two decades of noteworthy service to CMC, the last twelve as Chief Financial Officer. We are also extremely pleased with the addition of industry veteran Barbara Smith, who joined the Company as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in June 2011. We have experienced a smooth transition as the new leadership is equally committed to and focused on executing CMC's strategy. The outlook Recovery in the markets we serve is an ongoing journey. Although the environment in the metals industry remains challenging, we continue to take important steps to focus on our core business, strengthen our competitive position and serve our customers in a more effective manner, all of which will help improve performance and position the Company for the future.

Joseph Alvarado President and Chief Executive Officer

Murray R. McClean Executive Chairman

November 3, 2011

