To Our Stockholders
A TURNAROUND YEAR
Though the economic environment remains challenging for the entire metals industry, CMC achieved a significant turnaround in fiscal 2012. Net earnings rose to $207.5 million, compared to a net loss of $129.6 million in 2011. These positive results were facilitated by a management team that took decisive steps to strengthen the company and position it for success and a dedicated workforce nearly 10,000 people strong. Our Americas Mills segment produced strong results. In particular, we are benefiting as expected from our investment in CMC Steel Arizona, the world's first micromill which complements our existing minimill operations in Alabama, South Carolina and Texas. Americas Recycling achieved profitability despite fluctuating scrap prices and reduced demand for nonferrous product. New shredders in Corpus Christi, Texas, and Tulsa, Oklahoma, became operational and contributed to our efficiency and strategy to increase captive scrap supply to our domestic steel mills. Americas Fabrication, benefiting from recent restructuring measures, recorded two consecutive profitable quarters. There has been some improvement in certain markets for fabricated steel which will help us sustain the progress in improved profitability. Our International Mill segment was strengthened by the planned closure and sale of the assets of our underperforming Croatian pipe mill. Our Polish operation, CMC Zawiercie (CMCZ) faced difficult market conditions during the second half of fiscal 2012 as broader Eurozone economic issues started to affect Poland. In response, we have reduced higher priced inventory and believe prices will continue to stabilize going forward. Our International Marketing and Distribution segment recorded strong profits, with the raw materials operating group, in particular, making a significant contribution. We are proud of 2012's results, but the industry as a whole continues to face headwinds. We are in a highly cyclical business with many factors impacting our results. Weak demand in construction and other end markets, volatile pricing, political uncertainties in the Eurozone and elsewhere, global liquidity and credit constraints, among other factors, all affect the current business climate.
Public Infrastructure Marketing & Distribution Service Centers Raw Material Industrial/OEM Heavy Commercial Light Commercial Agriculture Energy Residential US 60% Europe 17% Asia 13% Australia/NZ 8% Other 2%

SALES BY REGION

BROAD END-USE MARKETS (GLOBAL)

3

Safety
We are always striving to improve the safety of our mills, recycling and fabrication facilities and other locations. Sadly we experienced two industrial accidents resulting in the death of two of our colleagues. I share this with you because of the human impact of this event and to highlight the pain and suffering associated with any industrial accident, especially a fatality. It is a reminder of the many risks in our operations around the world. Our goal is that every CMC employee returns home safely at the end of the workday and it is also our goal to never repeat this experience again. On behalf of everyone at Commercial Metals Company, I extend my deepest condolences to the families impacted by these accidents.

Cutting Costs, Increasing Cash Flow
Our new leadership team has taken action to reduce our cost structure, improve cash flow, streamline operations and shed non-core assets. Finding ways to monetize existing assets, we were able to put additional cash to the balance sheet in fiscal 2012. We have also employed more advantageous tax strategies and reduced our overhead cost. For the year, we generated $196.0 million in cash from operations which allowed us to end the year with $262.4 million in cash on the balance sheet.

New, Experienced Leadership
CMC's operating and finance leadership has deep experience. Joining me on the team are John Elmore as Senior Vice President and President of CMC International, Tracy Porter as Senior Vice President and President of CMC Americas, and Barbara R. Smith as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Alleman, Senior Vice President Human Resources, and Ann Bruder, Senior Vice President of Law, Government Affairs and Global Compliance; General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, provide critical staff support. Our Board also added two new directors in fiscal 2012: Rick J. Mills and Joe Winkler joined as new members of the CMC Board of Directors. We take this opportunity to acknowledge and thank Bob Womack, who will retire in 2013, for his 13 1/2 years of service on the Board.

Investments Paying Off
Capital investments made in recent years are realizing their longer-term potential. These investments include implementing SAP to harness accounting and financial efficiencies across our global enterprise, the successful ramp-up of our breakthrough micromill, CMC Steel Arizona, and enhancements to our Polish mill to accommodate a more profitable product mix.

4

The OUtlook
Recovery in the markets we serve is an ongoing effort. US construction markets will recover, but it will take time. Meanwhile, we have a great foundation of assets and a solid plan to focus on markets that have shown more robust recovery, such as the industrial and energy segments. Although the environment in the metals industry remains challenging, we continue to take important steps to focus on our core business, strengthen our competitive position and serve our customers more effectively, all of which will help improve our performance and future results.

2012 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

Americas Recycling 40% Americas Mills 39% Americas Fabrication 4% International Mills 14% International Marketing & Distribution 3%

Commitment You Can Count On
To our customers, CMC is committed to providing the highest level of service in the industry. MyCMC, a new customer portal that makes it even easier to interface with us, is one example of a new initiative that supports a reputation for service that distinguishes CMC in the marketplace. To our employees, CMC is committed to providing a safe work environment and the opportunity for all employees to reach their potential. To our communities, CMC is committed to making our communities a better place to live and work. To our shareholders, CMC is committed to creating value. This year and every year, these are commitments you can count on.

2012 EBITDA
Earnings from continuing operations Interest expense Tax benefit $ 208,977 69,496 (46,190)

Depreciation and amortization including impairment charges 137,289 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations Adjusted EBITDA from discontinued operations Adjusted EBITDA 369,572 (5,337) $ 364,235

Joseph Alvarado President and Chief Executive Officer
November 5, 2012

5

