To our stockholders Fiscal

2004 : The year far surpassed any previous one, and in

the third and fourth quarters each, earnings exceeded those for any entire year in the Company ' s previous 90 -year history.

For the year ended August 31, 2004, your Company reported record annual net earnings per diluted share of $4.42 and record net earnings of $132.0 million on net sales of $4.8 billion. This compares with net earnings per diluted share of $0.66 and net earnings of $18.9 million on net sales of $2.9 billion last year. The year far surpassed any previous one, and in the third and fourth quarters each, earnings exceeded those for any entire year in the Company's previous
90-year history. The current year included a

gain in only nine months of ownership, and we saw the accelerated payout from certain prior acquisitions. Moreover, we managed well through tremendous price swings in our markets within the generally strong pricing environment. Ironically, perhaps, the robust markets masked internal improvements begun several years ago. Additionally, each of our business segments -- indeed, most branches -- generated good to excellent FIFO operating profits. To be sure, we benefited from favorable market conditions -- including strong demand in Asia, an improving U.S. economy, the relatively weak
U.S. dollar, and inventory rebuilding -- resulting

substantial pre-tax LIFO expense of $74.8 million ($1.63 per diluted share) compared with a pre-tax
LIFO expense of $9.3 million ($0.21 per diluted

share) in the prior year. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2004 was 30.7%. The net income return on beginning equity was 26.0%. In fiscal 2004, we enjoyed the winning combination of high prices, high margins, high operating levels, and high shipments in most of our business segments. Various prices -- and input costs -- climbed to record levels. But, we also benefited from organic growth and acquisitions, including significant global expansion. In particular, the acquisition of 71% of CMC Zawiercie S.A. (CMCZ) in Poland contributed meaningfully to our earnings

in sharply increased prices and metal spreads, particularly for steel scrap and steel mill products. Demand for our products was robust and supply was tight. But just as certainly, our longenacted strategy of diversification -- by industry segment, by products, and by geography -- the very strategy which has helped us profitably weather challenging market climates, has placed us in a position to reap major gains from positive environments. And our vertical integration benefited us enormously.

3

Domestic Mills
CMC's Domestic Mills segment is comprised of

increased in price considerably. On balance, though, our margins rose significantly. The metal spread at $230 per ton was $49 per ton greater than last year. The copper tube mill recorded an adjusted operating profit of $9.0 million compared with last year's $620,000, including $5.5 million in LIFO expense this year. We benefited from stronger demand from commercial as well as residential users, resulting in higher selling prices and margins. Against the prior year, copper tube production increased 9% to 66.3 million pounds, and shipments gained 11% to 68.4 million pounds. Metal spreads gained $0.16 per pound to $0.61 per pound despite the sharp rise in the underlying copper scrap price.
CMCZ

the four steel minimills with a capacity of 2.4 million tons and the copper tube mill with a capacity of 80 million pounds. Segment adjusted operating profit was $84.2 million in fiscal
2004 versus $19.7 million in fiscal 2003. The
2004 N ET SALES Domestic Mills 21% CMCZ 8% Domestic Fabrication 20% Recycling 15% Marketing 36%

increase in the segment's LIFO reserve was
$29.5 million in fiscal 2004 compared with $6.2 million in fiscal 2003.

Fiscal 2004 was a gangbuster year for the steel mills with records achieved for combined profits, tons melted, tons rolled and tons shipped. In most instances, individual mill records were set as well. The surges in steel prices more than overcame the spike in input costs. While not a record-setter, it also was a robust year for our copper tube division. Within the segment, adjusted operating profit of $75.1 million for our domestic steel minimills was about four times greater than a year earlier

The steel mill and related operations in Poland can produce quantities of 1.4 million short tons melted and over 1.1 million tons rolled on an annual basis. Results for the nine months that we owned this entity were nothing short of remarkable and well in excess of our high expectations. Most of the post-acquisition surprises were positive and market conditions, of course, excellent. Moreover, synergies with our international operations were realized quickly, especially our marketing expertise. For the total period of new ownership, CMCZ recorded an adjusted operating profit of $69.3 million on a 100% owned basis. CMCZ was affected by the same factors as reported above for our domestic steel mills except that it did not benefit from the weak U.S. dollar. For the nine months, short tons melted equaled 1.16 million, tons rolled equaled 863,000, and shipments totaled 1.08 million tons including billets. Meanwhile, the average selling price was $380 per short ton, while the average scrap purchase cost equaled $179 per ton, resulting in a metal spread of $201 per ton.

2004 EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TA X E S Domestic Mills 32% CMCZ 25% Domestic Fabrication 3% Recycling 26% Marketing 14%

on the strength of the much improved selling prices and strong shipments, while productivity remained at exceptionally high levels at all four mills. The LIFO expense for these mills was $24.1 million. The extremely rapid rise in raw material costs was a significant offset to profitability. Production records were set in every mill. On a year-to-year basis, tonnage melted was up 9% to 2.27 million tons; tonnage rolled was 2.20 million tons, 11% above last year's result; and shipments increased 5% to 2.40 million tons. Our average total mill selling price was $101 per ton above last year's extraordinarily low level, and the average selling price for finished goods was up by $98 per ton to $385 per ton. Conversely, the average scrap purchase cost rose by $52 per ton versus fiscal 2003. Additionally, utility costs increased by $7.3 million or 12% compared with the previous year due to higher electrical/natural gas rates and usage; costs for ferroalloys were up a similar amount, and graphite electrodes and other supplies

4

Domestic Fabrication
CMC's Domestic Fabrication business segment

The LIFO expense was $5.2 million. The segment's unprecedented results were primarily a result of the vibrant ferrous scrap market, but nonferrous also contributed. Gross margins were significantly above last year, while operating costs as a percent of sales declined from 13% to 9.5%. Our markets were characterized by some of the strongest prices ever for our major commodities, albeit with significant price volatility, against a backdrop of continued overall strong demand for our products. Versus last year, the average ferrous scrap sales price increased by
72% to $172 per ton, and shipments climbed 21% to 1.98 million tons. The average nonferrous
2 0 0 4 C A P I TA L EXPENDITURES* Domestic Mills 50% CMCZ 15% Domestic Fabrication 15% Recycling 17% Marketing 3%
* Excludes CMCZ and Lofland acquisitions

now has a capacity of more than 1.4 million tons, as well as other capabilities which are not measured in tons. In fiscal 2004, the Domestic Fabrication segment rebounded and the adjusted operating profit was $7.3 million compared with
$701,000 in fiscal 2003. This was the only

segment which suffered from margin compression during much of fiscal 2004; however, the very positive development was that overall volume and selling prices accelerated as the year progressed. The segment also was impacted negatively by corrective action to eliminate underperformers and anticipated contract losses as we worked through older jobs. Moreover, the
LIFO reserve increased by $26.3 million.

scrap sales price for the year was approximately
35% above a year ago, while nonferrous ship-

ments were 12% higher at 258,000 tons. The total domestic volume of scrap processed, including all our processing plants, equaled 3.4 million tons against 2.8 million tons last year. Marketing & Distribution We had a superb, record-setting fiscal 2004 in this segment as well, with excellent performance throughout most of the segment. Adjusted operating profit for the Marketing & Distribution segment of $39.4 million was nearly double last year's, reflecting favorable markets in several geographic regions around the world and broad-based growth across practically all product lines. This segment also recorded an increase of $13.8 million in its LIFO reserve. Our business was good in Australia, China, elsewhere in Asia, and in Europe, and improved in the United States. Margins and shipments in steel, aluminum, copper, and stainless steel increased significantly. Sales and profits for industrial materials and products -- including ores, minerals, ferrous alloys, and chemicals -- hit record levels because of strong demand. Our value-added downstream and processing businesses continued to generate good profits. Our ability to administer the increased business was abetted by further progress in integrated systems.
2 0 0 4 D E P R E C I AT I O N A N D A M O R T I Z AT I O N Domestic Mills 51% CMCZ 14% Domestic Fabrication 19% Recycling 11% Marketing 5%

Construction activity was mixed and varied by geographic region. Public and institutional construction continued at a solid level, and some sectors of commercial construction showed improvement. By product area, rebar fabrication, construction-related products, steel post plants, steel joist manufacturing, and structural steel fabrication all were affected by higher steel input costs, but aided by significant increases in selling prices. All showed improvements in profitability. Shipments from our fab plants totaled
1.3 million tons, 28% above the prior year, while

the composite average fab selling price (including stock and buyouts) increased by $96 per ton to
$676 per ton. One of the ways we strengthened

the downstream capability last year was through the acquisition of The Lofland Company, significantly bolstering CMC's rebar fabrication and construction-related products operations. We should evidence much improved performance from these entities in fiscal 2005. Recycling Fiscal 2004 was a fantastic year in virtually every respect, shattering all previous records. Adjusted operating profit increased four-fold to
$67.9 million on a net sales increase of 75%.

5

Financial Condition
4.8 5 4 2.7 2.5 2.5 2.9 3 2 1 0 00 01 02 03 04

each of our business segments, especially in view of our growth in recent years. One general trend to enhance marketing and internal control has been more regional groupings. On January 30, 2004, Russ Rinn was appointed Chief Operating Officer of the CMC Steel Group. On September 20, 2004, the Company appointed Murray McClean as its Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Hanns Zöllner was named to replace McClean as President of our Marketing & Distribution segment. On September 23, 2004, Alan Postel was named President of the Secondary Metals Processing Division, succeeding Harry Heinkele who retired on September 30, 2004. We thank Mr. Heinkele for his more than 24 years of outstanding service and his major contribution to CMC. He will remain a consultant to the Company. Most of all, we need to thank the women and men of Commercial Metals Company for their extraordinary performance. Sarbanes- Oxley

We finished fiscal 2004 with a strong balance sheet, most notably long-term debt to capitalization at 36% and a current ratio of 1.8. Managing working capital proved to be a formidable challenge because of the huge increases in prices as well as the increased volumes across our business lines, resulting in historically high inventories and accounts receivable. A major achievement during fiscal 2004 was the restructuring of our long-term debt. We now have $405 million in long-term debt at a weighted average interest rate of 6.14%; only
$93 million matures before 2009. Our blend of

N ET SALES ($ billions)

150 132 120 90 60 41 24 19 00 01 02 03 04 30 0

long- and short-term borrowing includes our enlarged $275 million commercial paper program and the $130 million domestic A/R Asset Securitization Agreement, as well as unsecured bank credit lines. Additionally, we further increased our trade finance capabilities, including substantially larger bank letters of credit lines and concluded an AUD 50 million A/R sales agreement in Australia. Fiscal 2005 Capital Plan The capital plan shows projected expenditures of approximately $130 million geared toward improvements in raw material procurement, operating efficiencies, product mix management, market development, quality enhancements, and transportation capabilities. A further focus is to elevate our earnings power through geographic and product line expansion. About $61 million, or 47%, represents carryover projects, the largest being the new continuous caster at
SMI-Texas.

45

NET EARNINGS ($ millions)

We have invested a significant amount of monetary and human resources to meet the challenge of the new regulatory environment. Though we believe we have identified our areas of concern and are completing remediation, internal control is a dynamic and evolving process which will continue to hold our attention. Business Ethics I am proud and pleased to report that Commercial Metals Company was a recipient of the 2004 Greater Dallas Business Ethics Award from the Society of Financial Service Professionals. Outlook As we look forward to fiscal 2005, we anticipate that the positive factors which have been driving our markets will remain in place and allow a continuation of healthy pricing and volume for

Organization The crucial process of succession planning and implementation continued as the next generation assumes more upper management responsibilities at CMC. Transition also continued at middle management levels. Simultaneously, we have been re-evaluating the organization structure in

6

our goods and services. Our outlook for the year remains very positive, although we must be concerned about the impact of the very high petroleum prices. We expect some shift in profits, with a higher proportion coming from the Domestic Fabrication segment. Business interruption insurance claims for transformer failures in South Carolina and Texas will be filed. The primary transformer was reinstalled at the Texas mill on September 23, 2004, and that for the South Carolina mill is scheduled to be reinstalled during the first half of November 2004. Our expectation remains that mill margins and fabrication margins will expand further as we have booked new business at higher levels, and our other business segments will perform well, buoyed by strong demand and growth in markets and product lines. A major catalyst for the strong steel and nonferrous markets around the world has been the rapid expansion of a number of emerging economies, most notably China. The magnitude of this growth is a new dynamic. There is, accordingly, the enhanced prospect of significant long-term growth in demand for the global materials sector. Cautionary Statement This letter to stockholders contains forwardlooking statements regarding the outlook for the Company's financial results including net earnings, product pricing and demand, production rates, energy expense, inventory levels, tax rates, acquisitions and general market conditions. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as the Company or its management "expects," "anticipates," "believe," "ought," "should," "could," "likely," "appears," "projected," "forecast," "presumes," or other words or phrases of similar impact. There is inherent risk and uncertainty in any forwardlooking statements. Variances will occur and some could be materially different from management's current opinion. Developments that

could impact the Company ' s expectations include construction activity, metals pricing over which the Company exerts little influence, increased capacity and product availability from competing steel minimills and other steel suppliers including import quantities and pricing, industry consolidation or changes in production capacity or utilization, global factors including political and military uncertainties, currency fluctuations, energy prices, disputes as to insurance coverage or the extent of lost income subject to reimbursement which could result in a lengthy delay or failure to obtain recovery under business interruption insurance, and decisions by governments impacting the level of steel imports and pace of overall economic activity, particularly China.

Stanley A. Rabin Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer November 12, 2004

7

