<

Brian L. Roberts (left) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ralph J. Roberts (seated) Chairman, Executive and Finance Committee Stephen B. Burke (right) Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; President, Comcast Cable

Comcast 2005 Annual Report Letter to Shareholders

9

>

Dear Comcast Shareholders, Employees and Friends:
The digital world -- once a distant dream -- is finally here. Televisions, computers, telephones and other electronic devices are all converging at an accelerating rate. This transformation is already changing the way we live, giving consumers greater convenience, choice and control than ever before. It's also creating significant new growth opportunities for companies like ours. Comcast is at the center of this transformation, delivering the products consumers want today and investing in the exciting innovations that will shape tomorrow. Over the past decade, we've grown from a single-product regional cable provider to the nation's largest integrated video, broadband and communications company with 22.4 million customers and a network that passes 41.6 million homes -- or about one in every 3.5 homes in the country. By continuously enhancing our products -- and staying at the forefront of rapidly changing consumer trends and technologies -- we have been able to deliver superior operating and financial performance and position ourselves for future growth.

10

Letter to Shareholders Comcast 2005 Annual Report

In 2005, consolidated revenues increased 9.6 percent to $22.3 billion. Operating cash flow rose
(1)

12.8 percent to $8.5 billion, our fifth straight year of double-digit growth.

During the year, we sold more than 2.6 million new products -- or revenue generating units (RGUs), as they are known in the industry -- and increased our average monthly revenue per customer from
$77 to nearly $84. To build on this momentum, we strengthened our fiber-rich cable infrastructure --

creating a truly "converged" network -- to facilitate the deployment of new services, including Comcast Digital Voice. We also partnered with technology and consumer electronics leaders to drive innovation and expand our services across all platforms. At the same time, we expanded our ON DEMAND library with hundreds of movies from Sony and Starz/Encore, premiered PBS KIDS Sprout, and launched partnerships with the National Hockey League and, most recently, the PGA TOUR. These investments not only increase the value of our cable networks, they also enable us to provide unique content to Comcast customers and to differentiate our products in the marketplace.

Where Others See Uncertainty, We See Opportunity
Despite our strong results in 2005, the value of Comcast common stock declined 22 percent, compared to a 3 percent increase in the S&P 500 during the year. Why the disconnect? The most likely explanation is that unprecedented changes are taking place in the way communications services and content are delivered to consumers. Comcast has been at the leading edge of this transition. But with so many new contenders and approaches in the marketplace, there is a fog of uncertainty about who the winners and losers will be. While no one can predict the future, I believe tomorrow's leaders will be those companies that master change and provide customers with exciting new products and services that make their

(1)

See definitions on page 16.

140 million
ON DEMAND programs were viewed in December, including 15 million free movies, 18 million kids' shows and 30 million music programs.

89%
of all ON DEMAND users say it enhances the digital experience, and 72 percent say it has improved the value of our service.

Comcast 2005 Annual Report Letter to Shareholders

11

lives easier, more efficient -- and a whole lot more fun. At Comcast, that is exactly our game plan. We are building a superior communications and entertainment experience that will enable us to sustain our growth and deliver long-term value to shareholders.

Transforming the Television Experience
A few years ago it became clear to us that the future of television would be much more personalized, and that viewers want the power to decide what to watch on their own schedules. So we decided to make video on demand a centerpiece of our offerings. Today, our ON DEMAND service leads the market, offering
7,000 program options a month. Demand skyrocketed in 2005, as
1.4 Billion ON DEMAND Views in 2005
150 120 90 60 30 0

customers watched more than 1.4 billion ON DEMAND programs, far surpassing our expectations. In addition, we offer the latest digital video recording (DVR) technology and the best selection of highdefinition (HD) programming, including local high-def channels, to expand our customers' viewing choices. The result is a total entertainment experience that customers

Dec 04

Dec 05

ON DEMAND Views Per Month (in millions)

value, and that satellite providers and other competitors have not been able to duplicate. During 2005, that helped us to attract 1.1 million new Comcast Digital Cable customers -- for a total of 9.8 million at year-end -- increasing our digital penetration to 46 percent. More than 2.4 million digital cable customers also have HD/DVR set-top boxes, more than double the number of a year ago. We continue to enhance our services to drive digital growth. We're expanding the launch of our enhanced cable service, offering 100 percent digital quality, an interactive program guide and select
ON DEMAND programming to customers as an attractive alternative to our analog cable service.

On Demand is in.
With more than 7,000 programs to choose from each month, Comcast's ON DEMAND offering is unparalleled. In 2005, customers accessed ON DEMAND 1.4 billion times, watching an average of 30 programs per month.

12

Letter to Shareholders

Comcast 2005 Annual Report

Taking High-Speed Internet to a Higher Level
As the country's No. 1 high-speed Internet provider, Comcast is in an excellent position to capitalize on the explosive growth of broadband services. During 2005, we increased revenues from our highspeed Internet business by almost 28 percent and added 1.5 million customers, bringing our total to more than 8.5 million. While some companies have chosen to compete almost solely on price, we focus on delivering greater value, better service and enhanced features. This strategy continues to be successful as we maintained our average monthly revenue per customer above $42. Speed is essential to the equation. During 2005, we made Comcast High-Speed Internet a faster and richer experience for our customers, increasing our broadband speeds to 6 and 8 megabits
400 Million Video Downloads in 2005
60 45
34 57

30 15 0

26

Dec 04

June 05

Dec 05

Video Downloads per Month on Comcast.net
(in millions)

per second. We'll continue to increase these speeds over time to maintain our competitive advantage. In addition, we plan to keep adding innovative features like Video Mail, PhotoShow, Comcast Rhapsody Radio PLUS and The FanTM -- a fast and easy way to search, save and view video on the Internet. In 2005, our customers downloaded more than 400 million video clips through The Fan. There is no question that video will become increasingly important on every device, including the
computer. As the leader in both cable and broadband, we believe Comcast has an advantage in

this emerging market.

Delivering a Superior Communications Service
During 2005, we launched Comcast Digital Voice to more than 16 million homes in 25 markets, and achieved our year-end target by adding 202,000 new customers. Early reviews have been outstanding:

8.5 million
households now have Comcast High-Speed Internet service, making us the No. 1 broadband service provider in the country.

84%
of consumers interested in broadband say that a faster connection is among their key decisionmaking criteria.

Comcast 2005 Annual Report Letter to Shareholders

13

Business Week called Comcast Digital Voice a "standout" among Internet-based phone products, and 92 percent of our customers rated our service good to excellent. Building on this success, we'll continue to enhance Comcast Digital Voice and expand its rollout across all of our markets. Our goal is to add at least 1 million new customers in 2006, and to grow to 8 million customers within five years, representing roughly 20 percent penetration of the homes in our markets. To expand our capabilities, we have formed a joint venture with Sprint Nextel and leading cable companies to offer our customers a combination of wireless, video, high-speed Internet and digital voice services. Through this joint venture, we will launch a new generation of products that will provide customers with a wide range of new anywhere/anytime services -- from "video over phone" and remote TV programming, to fast and easy access to e-mail, voice mail and video mail across a variety of devices.

Unlocking the Power of the Bundle
Convergence is clearly the next wave of growth. With our technology platform in place -- and our three services available across most of our markets this year -- Comcast is ready to capture the opportunity. Among our initiatives: marketing packages (or "bundles") of services to many more of the 41.6 million homes in our markets. We have already tested several of these bundled product offerings in select markets with great success. Not only are these bundles helping us to deepen our existing customer relationships, but they are also enabling us to build new relationships with the nearly 20 million homes in our markets that haven't yet purchased one of our products.

Broadband is booming.
With speeds of 6 to 8 megabits per second and dozens of new enhancements, including advanced security features, Comcast High-Speed Internet keeps getting better. Our goal: to deliver the best speed, reliability and broadband content available on the Internet -- all in a way that's fast, easy and unbelievably fun.

14

Letter to Shareholders

Comcast 2005 Annual Report

During 2005, we reorganized our management team to focus the talent of our people company-wide, creating one operations team, one marketing and product development team, and one engineering team to serve all of our products -- video, voice, data and wireless. As convergence continues to take hold, this new structure will improve our ability to develop better and more integrated services that are also easier for customers to purchase and use.

Goal: 1 Million Subscribers in 2006
    
  









Comcast Digital Voice Net Additions (in thousands)

We Are Positioned to Compete -- and Determined to Win
We finished 2005 with one of the strongest balance sheets in our history. All three major rating agencies upgraded our debt ratings during the year, and we are now solidly investment grade. Free cash flow for the year reached $2.6 billion, helping us to invest $786 million in new content
(1)

and technologies to drive future growth and to reinvest $2.3 billion in our stock. Over the past two years, we have invested $5 billion in our stock and related securities, representing approximately
7.5 percent of our shares outstanding. Our Board recently authorized an additional stock buyback

of up to $5 billion. We will apply a similar game plan in 2006, investing to differentiate our products and launching new services while buying back stock at what we think are attractive levels, given our opportunities for growth. We'll expand our programming and seek new opportunities to increase the value of our content portfolio. We're committed to creating new offerings that clearly distinguish Comcast products in the marketplace. At the same time, we'll continue to invest in the development of our people, and I believe this will prove to be one of our greatest competitive advantages. Steve Burke's vision and energy -- coupled with the core values that my father, Ralph, cemented here long ago -- have

(1)

See definitions on page 16.

8 million
customers over five years. That's the goal we've set for Comcast Digital Voice, representing approximately 20 percent of the homes in our markets.

Comcast 2005 Annual Report Letter to Shareholders

15

helped us build an organization that is not only a leader of the cable industry, but also of the evolving digital world. We cannot thank each of our 80,000 employees enough for their outstanding efforts in 2005. Their hard work and unflinching determination have enabled us to build a powerful new engine for growth that will drive our business to higher and higher levels of performance. For all of these reasons, I remain firmly confident in our approach, our business strategy and our team. My confidence only grew as I walked the floor of the Consumer Electronics Show earlier this year. As I talked to business leaders there -- from device manufacturers and technology giants to leading content companies -- I kept hearing the same sentiments voiced over and over again, including "make it simple," "give consumers more choices" and "put the customer in control." The experience was energizing, because these watchwords have guided every decision we've made at Comcast for the past decade. We'll continue to maintain this focus in everything we do, as we seek to expand our leadership as America's preferred broadband communications service provider. It's a great privilege to help manage this amazing company.

Sincerely,

Brian L. Roberts

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Comcast Corporation February 21, 2006

Voice is growing stronger.
We made Comcast Digital Voice easy to use and set up, including professional installation. The service features unlimited local and domestic long-distance calling, Web access to voice mail, Enhanced 911 service, and a dozen other popular calling features, all for one low monthly price.

