Dear Comcast Shareholders, Employees and Friends:

About 18 months ago, we decided that it was time to launch Comcast's very first nationwide advertising campaign. Surveys showed that customers loved our new products -- such as ON DEMAND, highspeed Internet and more. This led us to look for a smart way to express our customers' enthusiasm for Comcast's new and improved experience -- and that's how "Comcastic!" was born. I'm glad our team came up with that word, because I can't think of a better way to describe 2006. It was our best year ever. It was truly Comcastic!

clockwise from left: Brian L. Roberts Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stephen B. Burke Chief Operating Officer President Comcast Cable Ralph J. Roberts Founder Chairman, Executive and Finance Committee

17

We broke all records in 2006, driven by our cable business.(a) Cable revenues increased 12%, to $26.3 billion. Operating cash flow(b) rose 15%, to $10.5 billion, making 2006 our sixth straight year -- capping 26 consecutive quarters -- of double-digit operating cash flow growth. During the year, our customers bought five million new products -- or what we call "revenue-generating units" (RGUs)(c) -- an increase of 69% from 2005. And each of our services -- basic cable, digital cable, high-speed Internet and digital voice -- added more new customers than ever before. We have real momentum. The past year was sensational, but 2007 and the future have the potential to be even better. The big story behind these wonderful results is the rollout of Comcast's Triple Play.

Triple Play: It's a Whole New Ball Game Our Triple Play offering of video, high-speed Internet and digital voice is just what consumers want. We can deliver our superior products in a compelling value package, providing a simple, convenient and attractive option for everyone. With one phone call and one installation visit, we become the primary provider of communications and entertainment services to the home -- and at an introductory price of $99 a month, our biggest challenge has been to keep up with demand. With the widespread introduction of Triple Play to 70%, or 32 million, of the homes in our markets in 2006, consumers are embracing our Comcast Digital Voice® service, loaded with attractive features and with more to come. It's clear that Triple Play is boosting our overall take rates for video and high-speed Internet as well. As customers see the great value they're getting, they take additional digital and premium video services, too. As a result, revenue per Triple Play customer averages $120 ­ $130 per month.

Our Triple Play offer of video, high-speed Internet and voice has proven to be a powerful formula for growth.
We were determined to be first to market on a wide scale with these three services, and we have succeeded in getting the jump on the competition. As we expand the availability of Triple Play to 85% of our customer base by the end of 2007, we expect it will continue to power our growth.

See notes and definitions on page 23.

18

Innovate. Differentiate. Win. That's been our mantra for the past several years. We're absolutely focused on delivering superior products and services, and doing it better than our competitors. We added 1.9 million digital customers in 2006, an increase of 59% from 2005. Today, more than 12.7 million, or 52%, of our video customers take our digital cable services. Digital growth has been steady as consumers see and want ON DEMAND, our industry-leading video-on-demand platform, digital video recorders (DVRs) and high-definition television (HDTV) as part of their lives.

ON DEMAND gives our digital cable customers unmatched choice and control. It's truly the personalization of TV.
With more than 8,000 programming choices available today -- and growing every year -- ON DEMAND gives our digital cable customers unmatched choice and control. It's truly the personalization of TV. And as the penetration of HDTV sets accelerates, we're expanding our high-definition ON DEMAND offerings, too. We now offer more than 150 hours of high-definition programming ON DEMAND, primarily movies in high definition. We plan to double that number in 2007 and again in 2008, and continue to expand our linear HDTV channels, so that we remain the HDTV market leader with the most sports and movies in high definition. With our high-speed Internet service, we deliver a better experience by continually increasing the speed of our service and adding a wealth of new features. We added 1.9 million high-speed Internet subscribers in 2006, the highest level of annual highspeed Internet additions in our history, and ended the year with 11.5 million high-speed Internet customers, representing 25% penetration of homes in our markets. We believe we will keep growing not only by continuing to attract new customers, but also by capitalizing on the capabilities of our service to power innovation and develop new online services. We created Comcast Interactive Media to focus on those opportunities. In 2006, we launched several new digital media platforms, including Ziddio, TV Planner and Game Invasion, and in 2007 we plan to launch other new online services.

19

With the dramatic ramp-up of Comcast Digital Voice in 2006, we have built a fantastic new engine for continued growth. We added 1.5 million Comcast Digital Voice customers last year, more than five times the number added in 2005. By year's end, we were marketing this service to 32 million homes, or 70% of our footprint, yet we are only at 6% penetration. We intend to increase that dramatically in 2007. Our goal is to reach at least 20% penetration, or nine million customers, by 2009. Given the power of Triple Play, we are on pace to achieve that goal. We are also excited about our latest initiative: expanding into commercial business services -- providing phone, Internet and video services to small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs). In 2007, we are beginning to target an estimated five million SMBs in our markets. We estimate that those businesses generated $12 ­ $15 billion in revenue for other providers in 2006, and our goal is to capture 20% or more of this market over the next five years. Buoyed by our success in the high-speed Internet and residential digital voice markets, and riding on much of the same network and infrastructure, we enter this new field with great confidence. Our programming division continues to be a major value creator for the company and helps us to partner and work with new platforms to help differentiate and grow our cable business. In 2006, we acquired the remaining interest in E! Entertainment Television and now own 100% of it. We brought in new on-air talent, like Ryan Seacrest, and invested in programming that increased revenues and ratings at E!. We made similar investments at The Golf Channel and VERSUS, drawing higher distribution and ratings as the result of our expanded relationships with the PGA TOUR and the National Hockey League.

Investing in a Future of Opportunity Consumers want the best services at a great price. They want things to be simple and convenient. They want to feel in control. The next great frontier for Comcast is to integrate our products in ways never before imaginable -- like providing a single access point for customers to manage all their communications, or to plan and schedule their TV experience no matter where they are. Our product teams and Comcast Interactive Media are focused on developing integrated services that offer entertainment and communications to consumers across multiple platforms. Our programming networks are also working on that strategy. PBS KIDS Sprout is available on a linear channel, on demand and online. In October 2006, we launched FEARnet, a new advertising-supported, multiplatform network delivering the best of modern horror films, streaming video and original content -- on demand, online and to mobile devices.

20

With our cable partners and Sprint Nextel, we are testing consumer demand and applications to integrate and extend the Comcast experience outside the home, bringing mobility to our products. We also invested in wireless spectrum with a nationwide reach as part of the SpectrumCo consortium. This spectrum gives us strategic flexibility and many options to capitalize on new wireless functionalities as they evolve. Our strong balance sheet and free cash flow(d) give us significant financial flexibility to innovate, invest and grow. In 2006, we focused our investments in cable and programming to drive new product RGUs, to enhance our services and to launch new businesses. We generated over $2.6 billion in free cash flow and used $2.3 billion to repurchase our stock. In fact, over the past three years, we have invested virtually all of our free cash flow in our stock and securities exchangeable into our stock, reducing our shares outstanding by more than 10%.

On a Mission to Grow In 2007, we will focus even more intently on growing RGUs to capture market share and extend our leadership in the market. In the last five years, we have transformed Comcast into a company that develops and delivers multiple services with diverse revenue streams. Over the next few years, it is easy to imagine that our company could be serving as many high-speed Internet and digital voice customers as we have video customers today.

In 2007, we will focus even more intently on growing RGUs to capture market share and extend our leadership in the market.
The first quarter of 2007 marks a bittersweet milestone with the retirement of Larry Smith, our Co-Chief Financial Officer. Over the years, I have called Larry the company's "chief money-making officer." He has made phenomenal contributions to Comcast's growth and success -- his deal-making prowess, wise counsel and steady leadership are a huge part of Comcast's culture. His friendship and guidance will continue as he remains a part-time advisor in the future. We are thrilled to have recruited Michael Angelakis, a managing director in the extremely successful Providence Equity Partners, to succeed Larry. Michael will partner with John Alchin in 2007 as Co-CFO and will succeed John when he retires at the end of 2007.

See notes and definitions on page 23.

21

Finally, since we're talking about a year of record results, I want to highlight two other records set by Comcasters in 2006. Our nationwide employee United Way campaign reached $4.2 million, a new record that places us in the top tier of United Way corporate campaigns in America. And on October 7, more than 32,000 employees and their families participated in Comcast Cares Day, our national day of volunteerism, delivering over 192,000 hours of community service to 300 projects in 34 states in a single day. This extraordinary effort represents one of the largest single corporate days of service in America.

2006 represents a turning point in our history, as we have once again positioned ourselves for growth and success.
As you read this year's report in print or online, you'll see many great Comcasters who exemplify the commitment, confidence, diversity and enthusiasm that made 2006 possible and make the future look so wonderful. Each of them, and every one of our 90,000 employees, gives so much to the company every day. They are our greatest asset, and we're really proud to highlight them this year. I will never forget what this company achieved in 2006. In many ways, it represents a turning point in our history, as we have once again positioned ourselves for growth and success. It was a phenomenal effort, led by Steve Burke and his fabulous team. My father, Ralph, and I believe we're poised for even more great achievements in 2007. It is an honor to help lead this company. Thank you for your continued support.

Sincerely,

Brian L. Roberts Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Comcast Corporation February 23, 2007

22

