Letter to Shareholders
By almost all measures, 2005 was the best year in Cummins history. Our performance produced an average total return for shareholders of approximately 50 percent over the last three years ­ triple that of both the S&P 500 and our peer group. During the year we also reached the following milestones:
     

record revenues for the Company in each of its operating segments, record earnings for the Company, record earnings for the Engine, Power Generation and Distribution segments, the highest gross margin in eight years, record cash from operating and investing activities, a record stock price.

One of our primary goals in 2005 was to convert a greater percentage of sales into profits, and we delivered on that objective. In 2005, while sales rose 18 percent to $9.9 billion, Cummins reported earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, of $907 million, a 67 percent increase over 2004, also a record year. Net income was $550 million ­ or $11.01 a share ­ up 57 percent over the previous year. Total Shareholder We increased our net cash position by $168 Return million in 2005, after repaying more than $290 60% million of debt using funds generated from 50% 50% Cummins operations. We have announced 38% 40% further planned debt reduction in 2006 of $250 30% million. Our strong performance resulted in 20% upgrades by the two leading credit-rating 9% 10% agencies.
0%

1-yr return at 12.31.05 2-yr return at 12.31.05 3-yr return at 12.31.05

12% 3% 6% 1%

17%

We began to implement our plan to repurchase $100 million of Cummins stock over the next two years as part of our commitment to return value to shareholders. We completed $38 million worth of stock purchases in the fourth quarter.

-10% -20% Cummins S&P 500 -14% Peer Avg.

We reorganized critical elements of the Company to help us better execute our business plans and focus on faster growth, especially in developing markets, capturing more synergies among businesses and generating higher profits. As part of this strategic re-alignment, Joe Loughrey, long-time Cummins executive, was named President and Chief Operating Officer. Joe also was appointed to the Board of Directors.

6

Cummins Inc. 2005 Annual Report

Our Mission
Motivating people to act like owners working together. Exceeding customer expectations by always being first to market with the best products. Partnering with our customers to make sure that they succeed. Demanding that everything we do leads to a cleaner, healthier, safer environment. Creating wealth for all stakeholders.

Our Values
Integrity: Strive to do what is right and do what we say we will do. Innovation: Apply the creative ingenuity necessary to make us better, faster, first. Delivering Superior Results: Exceed expectations, consistently. Corporate Responsibility: Serve and improve the communities in which we live and work. Diversity: Embrace the diverse perspectives of all people and honor both with dignity and respect. Global Involvement: Seek a world view and act without boundaries.

7

While many of these actions were taken with an eye to the future, our business segment results clearly reflected the success of our past efforts to improve profitability. Sales of $6.7 billion in the Engine Segment were 23 percent higher than 2004 sales of $5.4 billion. Nearly all of our end markets were strong, with revenues in on-highway markets up 20 percent and off-highway markets up 30 percent. Cummins share of the North American heavy-duty truck market held steady at 26 percent, which is up considerably from our low of 20.1 percent in February 2003. Segment EBIT was 8.7 percent of sales, compared to 6.0 percent in 2004, and reflected our lower cost structure and improved ability to deliver more profits to the bottom line. Our Jamestown Engine Plant also celebrated the production of the plant's 750,000th engine. Additionally, we continued to make significant progress toward meeting future diesel emission standards in the United States, Europe and the rest of the world. Following a significant downturn in its markets around the world in 2002 and 2003, the Power Generation Segment achieved a dramatic recovery in financial performance during the last two years. Power Generation returned to profitability as a result of increased demand for generation equipment and the effective implementation of a focused set of "turnaround" actions. These actions helped drive segment EBIT as a percent of sales to 7 .3 percent in 2005, compared to 3.3 percent in 2004. Power Generation sales in 2005 were $2 billion, compared to $1.8 billion in 2004. Cummins Components Segment consists of four businesses ­ filtration, turbochargers, fuel systems and emission solutions. This segment gives Cummins a strategic advantage and the potential for significant future growth in sales and profits. It offers customers the variety of technology and solutions needed to meet emission standards around the globe, such as EPA 2007 and Euro IV, while improving performance of the engine and equipment.

This diesel and electric hybrid urban transit bus helps reduce emissions in Indianapolis, Indiana, as part of IndyGo's bus fleet.

8

Cummins Inc. 2005 Annual Report

Revenues for the Components Segment in 2005 were $2 billion ­ a 12 percent increase over 2004 sales of $1.8 billion. Sales to OEMs were strong across the component businesses, and aftermarket revenues in the filtration and turbocharger businesses also contributed to growth. Segment EBIT for the year was 4.5 percent of sales, as a result of our investment in these businesses. The Distribution Segment, formed in the second quarter of 2005, combines the former International Distributor Business Segment and the North America distributor joint ventures under one organization. The Distribution Segment sells Cummins equipment and solutions, but also provides customers with parts, service and support around the world. Due to its broad retail base and strong mix of parts and service, this segment's results are less cyclical and less capital intensive than many other parts of Cummins. As a result, Distribution has provided consistently strong profit growth since its inception. Distribution sales increased 22 percent to $1.2 billion, while segment EBIT grew 35 percent. As important as our financial and product success in 2005, we remained true to our core values, which emphasize integrity, innovation, delivering superior results, corporate responsibility, diversity and global involvement. This commitment of our employees to doing the right thing was reflected in several very gratifying honors received by Cummins. We were chosen the top U.S. corporate citizen by Business Ethics magazine for 2005. Cummins was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the first time. This index represents the top 10 percent of the world's largest 2,500 companies in economic, environmental and social leadership. Diversity Inc. named us the top company for Asian Americans and one of the Notable Companies for Diversity. Forbes magazine selected Cummins one of the Best Big Companies in America. Our 33,500 employees around the world once again displayed their commitment to our communities by joining the Cummins Foundation in donating more than $670,000 to help victims of the Southeast Asia tsunami. In addition, the Company, distributors, employees and the Cummins Foundation combined to raise $1.1 million to aid those affected by hurricane Katrina.

Jimmy Smith supervises BJ Services operations on location in Bossier City, Louisiana.

10

Cummins Inc. 2005 Annual Report

In response to the Business Ethics award, the Foundation created an innovative service initiative called Every Employee, Every Community. It allowed employees to spend a half-day of company time volunteering in their communities. As a result of the program, more than 2,000 employees provided more than 12,000 hours of volunteer service in Cummins communities around the world. Reshaping the Company for the Future Over the last five years, we have reshaped the Company into what we are calling the "New Cummins" ­ a company that is less cyclical, more diversified, more results-oriented and committed to turning a greater share of its sales into profits. As such, our revenue and profit streams today are vastly different than they were five years ago. We have moved from a predominantly North American heavy-duty truck engine company to a global business with more stable earnings increasingly generated by less cyclical, less capital-intensive, more growthoriented businesses. Our investments in 49 joint ventures are a critical component of this move to a new business model. These partnerships, which extend our product range and participation in geographic markets, have experienced especially strong growth in China and India and have helped us diversify our earnings opportunity, while minimizing risks. Another success story has been the steady growth of our business with DaimlerChrysler. Cummins has been the exclusive supplier of diesel engines for the Dodge Ram heavy-duty pickup since 1988. Sales grew in 2005, surpassing 160,000 engines. Our cost structure, which is significantly lower today than it was five years ago, continues to improve because of Six Sigma, global sourcing and enhancements in both manufacturing and technical productivity. Since launching Six Sigma in January of 2000, we have trained approximately 3,700 Black and Green "belts" whose 4,400 projects have produced significant savings for the Company. Their efforts have also resulted in substantial improvement in our product and service quality and reduced variation in our business processes.

12

Cummins Inc. 2005 Annual Report

We have broadened our Six Sigma program to include projects with customers, suppliers and distributors. These joint projects provide quality improvement and have strengthened relationships with our key partners. As part of our global sourcing initiative, we have established purchasing offices in the Czech Republic, India, China and Brazil. We are building relationships with world-class suppliers from these regions who can offer us both quality and cost leadership, and we expect to significantly increase our international sourcing efforts in 2006. Our increased use of Analysis-Led Design has improved product quality, while reducing development time and design cost. This method, which uses computer simulation to create a "virtual" product, allows us to minimize the development of expensive prototypes and more quickly evaluate new designs. Our newest technical center, Cummins Research and Technology India, was created to take advantage of this sophisticated, computer-aided engineering modeling and analysis technique. As an added benefit, our global engineering reach allows us to work on technical problems and product designs around the clock, further reducing development time. This transformation into the new Cummins has paved the way to a bright future for our Company, even as our industry faces numerous challenges, including emissions regulations, globalization and energy shortages. During 2006, we are implementing a new brand strategy that will allow all of Cummins to speak with a common voice and demonstrate a common focus. The Cummins name will act as the umbrella for our technology, product and market leadership and will provide a tangible advantage for the Company well into the future. Also this year, we anticipate that the cost, quality and performance of current products across our businesses will enable us to gain share in engines, generator sets and components. At the same time, we will continue to focus our capital where the opportunity for solid returns is the greatest, with more than half of our 2006 capital focused on new product introduction and capacity expansion for the future.

Cai Rui Qun prepares a Cummins filter for packaging in the Shanghai filtration plant. The plant is one of Cummins 12 businesses in China.

14

Cummins Inc. 2005 Annual Report

In the emerging markets of China, India and Russia, our existing relationships and joint ventures will allow us to explore additional business opportunities. Our growth initiatives will target related businesses where we can use our existing investments and market presence to establish a competitive advantage. Our initiative to assume greater ownership of our distribution channel, both domestically and abroad, will enable us to focus on parts sales and service and to further leverage the value of the Cummins brand in emerging markets. As mentioned earlier, our technology leadership and the strength of our partnerships around the world will continue to provide us with a competitive advantage. Finally, Cummins cash management strategy will focus on ensuring that earnings are converted to cash for debt reduction to build a strong balance sheet, for prudent capital investment to grow our business and for shareholder value creation. I hope you share my enthusiasm for the future of Cummins. Our products are working well and our product lines are broadening. We are a leaner company and have made significant progress toward our goal of becoming the low-cost producer. We have had success at managing partnerships. Our global footprint remains unmatched, and we have strong cash flow to enable us to pay down debt and invest in profitable growth opportunities. In closing, I am particularly grateful to our shareholders for their investment, the members of the Board of Directors for their guidance and our employees for believing in the Company and its values and for working hard in pursuit of common objectives and performance excellence.

Tim Solso
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cummins Inc.

16

Cummins Inc. 2005 Annual Report

