The economic environment and business climate the past few years have forced corporations to rethink their business models. At Cummins, we deliver our best to our constituencies ­ customers, employees and shareholders ­ and we do so with the utmost integrity. But it has become increasingly apparent that the Company's success also depends on our ability to think globally and act locally. That philosophy guides our complementary businesses ­ Engine, Power Generation, International Distributor and Filtration and Other. Coupled with our worldwide operations, they provide the diversification needed to leverage our strengths and provide balance during market downturns. Since our last report, we have launched new businesses, built partnerships and expanded our global reach. We have manufactured top-quality and environmentallyconscious products that have been well received by customers. We have continued to fund important product development programs, while generating positive cash flow. We have remained committed to paying an attractive dividend to our shareholders and providing a good return for all our stakeholders. Our ongoing use of Six Sigma, a disciplined approach to drive rapid process improvement, has resulted in approximately $400 million in cost savings since January 2000 when we launched this program. In addition, we have trained 1,300 employees in Six Sigma practices and

throughout the re-audit process, we have taken a number of actions to help strengthen our internal controls and financial reporting processes. 2002-03 Highlights We were the first diesel manufacturer to launch a family of engines that comply with the strict new emission standards established for 2002 by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. We took a leadership position, committing to deliver products that would be the very best in the industry at the new standard, and to do it on time. For our groundbreaking efforts, we were named "Newsmaker of the Year" by Diesel Progress magazine. We created three new businesses, with promising first-year results: The International Distributor Business, our newest corporate business unit, capitalizes on profitable growth opportunities in international retail distribution markets and has already demonstrated its potential for stable earnings. Emission Solutions, part of the Filtration and Other Business, leverages our expertise in aftertreatment products for increasingly stringent emissions standards in the United States and abroad. It continues to increase profits through retrofitting existing engines to lower emissions levels, thereby promoting a cleaner and healthier environment.

Letter to Shareholders
processes. These initiatives to improve quality, manage spending and relentlessly cut costs will continue even as our markets begin to trend upward after a three-year recession. While moving forward to position ourselves for the future, we also have faced challenges. Most notably, in the early part of 2003, we announced the need to restate financial statements for prior years because of accounting adjustments primarily related to the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system at one of our plants. That restatement required a re-audit of the Company's 2000 and 2001 financial statements by our new auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, as Cummins' former auditor, Arthur Andersen LLP, is no longer providing auditing services. The result of the re-audit is detailed in full in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Let me stress that the extensive scrutiny of our books and records by internal personnel and outside advisors found no evidence of willful misconduct on the part of any Cummins employee. The re-audit, completed in July 2003, delayed the release of this report and consequently our Annual Shareholders' Meeting, but it was the right thing to do. We recognize the need to continually earn and keep your trust regarding the integrity of our business practices. Since Cummins identified the accounting adjustment and Energy Solutions, part of the Power Generation Business, focuses on integrated product and service capabilities, delivering power projects between 2 to 100 megawatts. Energy Solutions enables us to respond to each customer's need, whether it's providing reliable power to developing world areas or supplying clean power and hot water, with cogeneration, to high-tech manufacturers seeking to drive down energy costs and improve reliability. One of our most enduring relationships has been with DaimlerChrysler and its award-winning Dodge Ram pickup truck. As the exclusive supplier of diesel engines for the Dodge Ram, we produced our one-millionth Ram engine at the Cummins MidRange Engine Plant in Walesboro, Indiana, in 2003. The re-designed 2003 Ram was named Motor Trend magazine's Truck of the Year. Outside of the United States, we continued to strengthen our business reach, especially in China where we are the largest foreign investor in China's engine sector. Cummins joint venture with Dongfeng Automobile Co., Ltd., celebrated production of the Company's 10,000th C Series engine in July 2002. In February 2003, we expanded the plant's production capability to include Cummins B Series engines. The expansion, which will give Dongfeng Cummins access to the Company's most advanced engineering platforms, will increase production capacity to more than 130,000 engines a year.

4

Engine Business Changes in diesel emissions regulations and weak markets were major challenges for the Engine Business in 2002. Still, we made substantial improvements in developing strategic partnerships, leveraging critical technologies and significantly lowering our break-even level through aggressive cost reduction efforts. Our new emissions-compliant products continue to perform well in the field. By the fall of 2003, we expect to have more than 25,000 new ISX and ISM heavy-duty engines in use, with close to one billion miles of reliable performance. The proven reliability of these new engine product launches, backed by our Uptime Guarantee, has exceeded our, and more importantly our customers', expectations. Building upon strategic partnerships has been and remains a key objective for the Engine Business. We continue to work closely with Volvo, International Truck and Engine Corp. and PACCAR in the North American truck market, as a result of long-term agreements. We also strengthened our relationships with Komatsu, Scania and CNH Global NV, and created a joint venture with Mercury Marine to expand our presence in the recreational marine market. Power Generation Business Demand for Power Generation dropped significantly in most of our major markets around the world, especially in North America. This rapid decline in demand created excess inventory throughout the industry, which further depressed pricing. We responded to this downturn with a number of cost reduction actions that we anticipate will return the business to profitability. We reduced the size of our workforce to more closely align our resources to current business conditions. We standardized more of our product line and reduced the cost of existing products in our most cost-sensitive markets. This effort has led to the release of several newly designed products during 2003. We continued to move component manufacturing and sourcing of material to our operations in Mexico, India, China, Brazil and Romania. Filtration and Other Business The Filtration and Other Business has experienced solid sales gains and sharply higher profits as we aggressively pursue cost-cutting initiatives, sell integrated systems and grow international sales. The business has enjoyed market share gains in North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Sales increased to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and aftermarket segments, as well as to key international markets in Asia and the Pacific Rim. During the first half of 2003, Filtration signed five long-term agreements with major OEMs, with a value through 2007 of more than $1.4 billion. These supply agreements expanded current business and lay the foundation to achieve future growth targets. Still, the majority of the business' profit improvement came from cost reduction initiatives that focused on direct and indirect materials, reduced headcount and Six Sigma projects.

Also included in this business unit is Holset, one of the three main global manufacturers of turbochargers. Holset has strengthened its position as the world's leading supplier of turbochargers for commercial diesel engines, with a market share in excess of 30 percent. International Distributor Business The International Distributor Business was created in early 2002 by combining 17 Company-owned distributorships and two joint-venture distributorships that have 110 sales and service locations in 50 countries and territories. These were strong local companies that operated independently from one another and had a wide variation in performance and practices. During the first year of operation, we had two primary objectives: improve business performance and establish a solid foundation for growth. In 2002, the International Distributor Business generated sales only slightly above 2001, while earnings increased substantially. In 2003, we have been encouraged by continued strong financial performance from distributors located in many regions, including China, Japan, South Pacific, India, Dubai, Belgium, UK, South Africa and Chile. The business has increased its parts and service revenues and benefited from best-practice sharing across distributors. Commitment to Excellence At Cummins, we have a committed management team, a dedicated and enthusiastic workforce and a desire to do the right things in the right way. Those elements, combined with our strong brand image, quality products, effective partnerships and global presence, give me great optimism about the Company's future. In closing, I want to express my gratitude and best wishes to Jack Edwards, former Policy Committee Member and President of Cummins Power Generation, who retired in June 2003 after 30 years at Cummins. From Mexico to Brazil, India to England, Europe to the Caribbean, Jack made his mark because he cared about the Company, his customers and the country in which he was working. He will be missed. My appreciation also extends to our 23,700 Cummins employees around the world for their hard work. The faces of some of our people, pictured in this report, reflect our workforce diversity, which is an essential component of our success.

Tim Solso Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cummins Inc.

5

