3

Fellow Shareholders
As it was for almost everyone, 2001 was a difficult and demanding year for Cummins. Despite the worst market conditions in the Company's 82-year history, Cummins delivered an operating profit in each of the final three quarters of 2001, due to an aggressive and ongoing cost reduction program. These results reflect Cummins commitment to producing solid financial results for our shareholders in tough times as well as good times. In 2001, the Company's name changed to Cummins Inc., highlighting Cummins successful efforts to diversify the business. Cummins is a global power leader. Our strength comes from the synergies and relationships in the businesses that make up Cummins: the Engine Business, the Power Generation Business, the Filtration and Other Business, and the newly formed International Distributor Business. Cummins brings unique value to meet customer power needs across the globe by leveraging our brands, our leadership position in the markets we serve, our innovative technology, and our global presence. Focus on Continued Cost Reduction, Cash Management Our focus in 2001 remained on cost reduction and cash management. The cornerstone of our cost reduction effort is Six Sigma, a quality improvement program that uses statistical tools and a disciplined approach to drive rapid process improvement. Since the program began in 2000, more than 700 Cummins employees trained as "belts" have delivered $100 million of savings with substantial improvements in product and service quality. A comprehensive material cost reduction program initiated in 2000 has saved over $275 million. In 2001, selling, administrative and research spending was reduced by $72 million. Restructuring activities and lower product coverage also improved operating costs. Similarly, a corporate initiative on cash management resulted in significant reductions in working capital and capital spending while enabling Cummins to fund important projects that will enhance our future technological leadership and competitiveness. Business Highlights In 2002, the International Distributor Business becomes the fourth business unit. This collection of Company-owned distributors will enable us to grow profitability with only a modest capital investment. In our Engine Business, we made unprecedented decisions over the course of the past year, including a significant strategy shift in our heavy-duty engine business. The Engine Business implemented long-term supply agreements with three North American Tim Solso Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cummins Inc. February 28, 2002 Original Equipment Manufacturers that establish the framework to fundamentally change the way Cummins operates in the heavy-duty truck market. Cummins was the first engine manufacturer to announce that we would have an engine ready to meet the Environmental Protection Agency's emissions standards for 2002. Cummins leadership in engine technology addresses customer needs while meeting emissions requirements and Cummins longstanding commitment to clean air. Filtration's emission solutions business will provide new growth opportunities in meeting customer needs for exhaust aftertreatment solutions. Cummins Power Generation's strategic expansion into areas such as power electronics, the result of an alliance with AvK/SEG, will provide opportunities to offer customers fully integrated solutions for more reliable power. 2002 and Beyond We believe that our business will be as challenging in 2002 as it was in 2001. However, Cummins has never been better positioned to take advantage of the economic rebound when it does occur. Cummins is a recognized global power leader, with market leadership in our major markets. Our growing portfolio of businesses will enable us to meet customer demands and create value for our shareholders. We are pleased to welcome a new Board member, the Honorable Alexis Herman, former Secretary of Labor under President Clinton. We have already begun to benefit from Secretary Herman's perspective and contributions. Jim Johnson, a Board member since 1999, has informed the Board that he will not stand for re-election in 2002. We appreciate his contributions and service to Cummins. I would also like to extend our warmest wishes to Hanna Gray upon her retirement from the Board. We will miss her wisdom, experience and counsel and want to thank her for 25 years of dedicated service to Cummins.

