To Our Shareholders

Tim Solso Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cummins Inc.

In last year's annual report, I spoke with enthusiasm of the transformation underway at Cummins and of my optimism for 2006 and beyond. I now am pleased to report that the Company delivered on its commitments in 2006 with the best year in our 88-year history, and that we remain confident in our prospects for the future.
Cummins reported record sales, net income and earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) in 2006, and continued to provide exceptional return for shareholders. The Company's stock price rose nearly 32 percent over the course of the year and we increased the quarterly dividend by 20 percent starting in the third quarter of 2006. Over the last four years, Cummins has produced an average annual total return of more than 46 percent ­ well above the S&P 500 and our peer company average. And our after-tax profit as a percent of sales for the three-year period from 2004-2006 was Cummins' best in 40 years. For the year, Cummins reported sales of $11.36 billion, up 15 percent from 2005. Net earnings rose 30 percent to $715 million, or $14.21 per diluted share. EBIT of $1.18 billion, (10.4 percent of sales) increased 30 percent over 2005. We gained share in key businesses around the world. We launched successful new products and announced plans to enter exciting new markets in the near future. We delivered additional value for our shareholders by reducing our debt by $556 million from the  Cummins Inc. 2006 Annual Report Cummins launched its entry into the light-duty diesel market in the United States and China with two major product announcements. The Company will produce light-duty diesel engines for the North American market at its Columbus (Indiana) Engine Plant after 2009 with DaimlerChrysler as the first Along with our financial successes, we had many other business highlights: Each of the Company's business segments reported record revenue and operating earnings in 2006, and Cummins reported its highest net earnings as a percent of sales since 1984. We also produced a 25 percent return on equity ­ the third consecutive year we have exceeded our target of 18 percent. We had record cash flow from operations of $840 million, even after funding our pension plans well above required levels. For the year, we paid $266 million into our pension funds and are now more than 88 percent funded globally. previous year, lowering our debt-to-capital ratio at year end to 22 percent ­ from nearly 60 percent just three years ago.

Total Shareholder Return (at Year-End 2006)
50%

Cummins
40%

30%

20%

Peer

10%

S&P

0

One year return

Two year return

Three year return

Four year return

major customer. Cummins also entered into a joint venture agreement with Beiqi Foton Motor Company in Beijing to produce diesel engines primarily for the light commercial truck markets beginning in 2008.

significant cost savings, our Six Sigma efforts have strengthened key processes around the Company and have helped us better serve our customers. Cummins designed or introduced more than

Our MidRange Engine plant celebrated production of 1.5 million Dodge Ram engines, and our Consolidated Diesel joint venture with CNH Global turned out its 2.5 millionth engine.

30 new products as it prepared to meet stringent new emissions standards in the United States and Europe. The journey to creating a "new" Cummins is a work in

We reached an agreement with PACCAR to become the exclusive supplier of diesels for its medium-duty trucks, and with Freightliner to be the exclusive, non-proprietary supplier of diesels for its medium-duty trucks, positioning Cummins to significantly grow its sales in this market. We opened a new turbocharger plant in Charleston, South Carolina, and a new Emission Solutions plant in South Africa.

progress, and the transformation can perhaps best be illustrated by taking a look at where we were as a company in 2000 as compared to today. Here are just a few examples of the progress Cummins has made since 2000: In 2000, we had sales of $6.6 billion. For 2006, we had record revenues of $11.4 billion. EBIT has grown from $95 million in 2000 to

Cummins' Six Sigma program continues to change the way we do business. Since 2000, we have trained more than 5,380 belts and completed more than 7,130 projects. In addition to yielding

$1.2 billion in 2006. As a percent of sales, EBIT was 1.4 percent six years ago and 10.4 percent in 2006.

continued on page 9



The tomato business belonging to de Breuck includes a six-acre area, which classifies it as a large enterprise for Belgium's Sint-Gillis-Waas region. And with the help of an innovative combined heat and power system (CHP) from Cummins Power Generation, the business produces nearly four million pounds of tomatoes each year.
The system uses natural gas to fuel a generator and create electricity, heat and carbon dioxide. Waste heat from the generator is recovered through an exchanger to provide heat to De Breuck's covered plant-growing areas. The generator's exhaust gases, cleansed first by a special washer, provide carbon dioxide the tomato plants need for photosynthesis to spur plant growth. Since the tomato plants use only 2 percent of the electricity generated, the remainder is sold to the nearby electric power grid.

The CPG generator (above) operates on natural gas and creates electricity, heat and carbon dioxide, which fuels the tomatoes' growth.
Balancing the needs of growing tomato plants with the realities of operating a generator set can be tricky. For example, during summer daylight hours, the tomatoes need carbon dioxide, but require little additional heat. The solution in this case is to run the CHP system during daylight hours, thus producing carbon dioxide when the plants need it and generating electricity when its value is the highest. When heat is needed during the night, hot water is circulated from a large water tank warmed by the system during the day.

The system is expected to pay for itself in about three years.

Geert de Breuck (left) displays a sample of the tomatoes grown annually in this facility. Right: Cummins employee Gustaaf Houthoofd put together the combined heat and power system for the greenhouse.

Left: A Kenworth Model T660, with a Cummins engine, stands ready to receive a load at the Port of Tacoma, Washington.

The Los Angeles Sheriff's department (above) relies on a Cummins MerCruiser Diesel engine to help patrol the L.A. port, which is the largest in the U. S. in terms of shipping container volume and cargo value.

Our net income has increased more than fifty-fold from $14 million to $715 million. Earnings per share have increased more than forty-fold during the same time period. Over the last six years, our footprint in China has grown dramatically. In 2000, earnings from China were $3 million. In 2006, they had grown to $65 million. In India, we had earnings of $13 million in 2000; in 2006, we posted earnings of $52 million. Annual engine shipments for the Dodge Ram heavyduty pickup truck in 2000 were 119,000 units; in 2006, we shipped 162,000 engines. Cummins' operating segments enjoy strong 2006 Sales for the Company's Engine Segment rose 13 percent to $7.5 billion on the strength of demand in virtually all of our market segments. Engine Segment

EBIT of $733 million increased 26 percent from 2005. We continued to grow our share in the North American heavy duty market, as well as in the medium-duty truck engine market. We saw strong sales gains in most engine markets around the world, including another record year of Dodge Ram engine shipments. The dramatic turnaround of our Power Generation segment continued in 2006, as the segment posted strong sales and EBIT improvement. Sales rose 21 percent to a record $2.4 billion, while Power Generation EBIT increased 52 percent to $220 million, or 9.1 percent of sales. The segment's performance was led by significant gains in the commercial generator and alternator businesses and especially strong sales in North America and the Middle East. The Company's Distribution Segment, formed in its current structure in mid-2005, continued to grow earnings faster than sales. The segment, which combines the Company's international distributor businesses and our North American distributor joint
continued on page 12



Cummins excels in supporting a wide range of oil and gas operations, whether they are in remote deserts, high vistas or at sea. Since 2001, Cummins has introduced a series of engines designed to provide outstanding value and technology and backed by terrific customer support for the oil and gas market. We've continued to invest in proven products, technology, people and infrastructure to serve our customers better than anyone else. Cummins provides tough and dependable four-cycle diesel and natural gas power, including mechanically and electronically controlled emissions-compliant diesel engine platforms from 1.4 to 78 liters and natural gas engine platforms from 5.9 to 91 liters.

The Company also offers specialized power generation, fire protection, filtration and emission solutions products for oil and gas customers. During 2006, Cummins launched new engines tailored to a variety of drilling applications, with more to come for this and other important oil and gas markets.

Orion Drilling workers (above) connect and tighten additional drilling pipe at the company's Blessing, Texas, operations. Left: J-W Power's gas compression package in Carthage, Texas, uses a Cummins 760-horsepower natural gas engine to move gas through pipelines.

The new Dodge Ram Chassis Cab truck features a Cummins 6.7-liter turbo diesel engine. Cummins has been providing heavy-duty engines for the Dodge Ram since 1988.

ventures, saw sales increase 16 percent to $1.4 billion in 2006. Distribution EBIT rose 35 percent to $144 million, or 10.4 percent of sales. Income from the distributor joint ventures rose significantly, and sales remained strong in most geographic regions in the world.
The Components Segment is made up of the Company's filtration, turbocharger, fuel systems and emission solutions businesses and gives Cummins a strategic advantage over competitors, while offering significant potential for future profitable growth. The Company invested heavily in 2006 in new products designed to help meet the 2006 emissions changes in Europe and the 2007 U.S. emissions standards. Despite that investment, sales rose 14 percent to $2.3 billion and Components EBIT increased 20 percent to $107 million, or 4.7 percent of sales.

As pleased as I am with our financial results in 2006, I am equally proud of the fact that we have been able to achieve these results while remaining true to our core values of ethical business behavior and corporate social responsibility. We pride ourselves on operating under a set of values that emphasizes integrity, innovation, delivering superior results, corporate responsibility, diversity and global involvement. We were included in the Dow Jones World Sustainability Index for 2006, for the second straight year. Likewise, we learned early in 2007 that we were named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list by CRO Magazine for the eighth consecutive year. We are one of only 11 companies to earn that distinction.

12 Cummins Inc. 2006 Annual Report

The Gehl 7810E, powered by a Cummins engine, is the world's strongest and fastest skid-steer loader.

Mark Roberts, President of Central Trucking Inc., is a satisfied customer of the new Cummins ComfortGuard Auxiliary Power Unit, which provides cab power, heating and cooling when the truck engine is not running.

2007 is a year of challenges, opportunities
Strict new emissions regulations mandated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) went into effect for North American on-highway diesel engines in January.

as much as 50 percent this year, compared to 2006. Despite this reduction, Cummins is in an extremely good position to weather the temporary U.S. truck market downturn for a number of reasons: Cummins is a more diversified company than at

As it has been in the past, Cummins is an industry leader in meeting these new regulations. Our new 2007 heavy-duty and medium-duty engines are based on proven technology that has allowed Cummins to considerably increase its share in these markets in the last few years. We expect to continue to increase our share in 2007 and beyond. Still, the emissions changes will result in a temporary drop in sales of diesel engines and components to the U.S. truck markets in early 2007. As a result, we expect our shipments to the North American heavy-duty truck engine market to be down

any time in its history. As we have increased our presence in international growth markets such as China and India and gained sales in other product lines, we have decreased our reliance on the North American heavy-duty engine business, which nonetheless remains an important market for Cummins. Other key parts of the Company, such as our Power Generation and Distribution, are performing at record levels. Cummins is winning new customers both in the U.S. and internationally. For example, this year we
continued on page 16

13

The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, under construction (above), will use Cummins standby power.

Ganapathy Iyer, Business Development Manager for Cummins Middle East, meets with Rajesh Pullukkil, Site Manager for ESNAAD, the end-use customer for a new aluminum crew boat.

Cummins' dealer operations in Dubai and other states and countries in the region are coordinated through Cummins Middle East (CME). Cummins engines figure prominently in the Port of Dubai, operating the giant tandem lift cranes that service this area. The port, managed by DP World, is in the largest man-made harbor in the world. Cummins engines also power many of the boats and trucks that daily use this booming free zone. Recent CME projects range from providing engines and generators for ships, to supplying power generation equipment for standby and prime power.
CME has supplied the Abu Dhabi Ship Building (ADSB) with three main propulsion engines, two main marine generators and an emergency generator for an aluminum crew boat. This is the first commercial project for ADSB, which specializes in marine applications.

Cummins Power Generation is providing standby power for the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, which is expected to be inaugurated in September 2007. The dome on the mosque's main building is the largest in the world. CME is also supplying an 11-kilovolt power plant for use in the JT Metro construction camp at Jebel Ali, Dubai. The plant will power the Dubai Metro Auxiliary Depot, which includes a concrete batching plant, pre-cast manufacturing unit and accommodations for 600 people. For centuries, Dubai ­ known as the city of merchants ­ has been a meeting place for Gulf traders. The entrepreneurial spirit of Dubai is epitomized in CME, which makes significant contributions to Cummins' business operations in the region.

The thriving Port of Dubai relies on Cummins engines to operate the giant tandem lift cranes (left) and many of the trucks that move cargo in and out of the area. 15

Yolanda Smiley (above) works on the assembly line helping assemble turbochargers for Cummins Turbo Technologies. Charleston, South Carolina, is the site of the new turbocharger manufacturing facility (above lower right), dedicated in 2006. expect to increase our sales of medium-duty truck and bus engines and turbochargers, along with our advanced aftertreatment devices produced by Cummins Emission Solutions. We have been preparing for the 2007 emissions changes for several years and have developed a broad and detailed strategy to control costs while keeping our skilled workforce intact during the expected temporary emissions-related downturn. Our new business model relies on a cost structure vastly improved by global sourcing, Six Sigma and lean manufacturing. As we've mentioned before, cutting the heavy-duty engine business break-even point by more than half has had a significant impact on our bottom line.

The Cummins Emission Solutions facility in Mineral Point, Wisconsin (above top), has begun producing the diesel particulate filters that will play a key role in enabling engine manufacturers to meet the 2007 U.S. EPA emissions standards. Our technology expertise is allowing us to create great products for new markets and to improve our market share. As a result, tighter new emissions standards around the world are a competitive advantage for Cummins ­ not a burden. In addition to helping Cummins meet the 2007 emissions standards, many of the products designed or introduced in 2006 ­ most notably those by our Emission Solutions business ­ represent significant growth opportunities with outside customers in 2007 and beyond. A vivid example of Cummins' technological leadership was provided in January 2007 when we shared the stage with DaimlerChrysler to announce a first for the diesel industry: The new 2007 Cummins-powered Dodge Ram heavy duty pickup truck will meet the 2010 standards for oxides of nitrogen emissions a full

16 Cummins Inc. 2006 Annual Report

Sara Echevarria joins fellow employees in creating the new Cummins XPI fuel system in Juarez, Mexico. The new system improves performance and fuel efficiency, while minimizing emissions.

three years early, making it the cleanest vehicle of its type in the world. While we don't expect our 2007 results to match Cummins' record performance in 2006, the steps we have taken to make Cummins a very different company in recent years give me confidence that 2007 will be among the best years in our history. I am extremely proud of the work done by our more than 34,000 Cummins employees and hope you share our excitement about what the future holds for the Company. We truly are a stronger, more diversified and more global company than at any time in our history. Our efforts over the past several years have positioned us to weather the 2007 emissions

changes and have set the stage for what we think will be a period of sustained growth for Cummins. Finally, I would like to thank our shareholders for their belief in our efforts, our Board of Directors for their continuing counsel and support and our employees worldwide who work each day to make our values and vision a reality.

Tim Solso Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Cummins Inc.

17

