DEAR SHAREOWNERS:
2008 was an important year for the company. We achieved key financial and operational goals in the face of a tough economy, and we saw the enactment of sweeping energy reform legislation in the state that paves the way for our “Growing Forward” investment plan.
Our 2008 financial results reflect the success of our utility-focused strategy and the core strength of the company. CMS Energy reported net income of $289 million, or $1.23 per share, for 2008, compared to a reported net loss of $227 million, or $1.02 per share, for 2007.
Two years ago, we told investors that we planned to restructure the company, including selling off our international investments and downsizing our non-utility CMS Enterprises business. We told you that we would suffer a reduction in earnings in 2007 as we lost the contribution from the Enterprises assets that we had sold, but would return to our earnings growth trend in 2008 by paying down debt and reinvesting those proceeds in our Michigan utility, Consumers Energy.
In 2007, we took advantage of a strong international market for assets and completed planned sales on favorable terms. We completed the plan in 2008, investing in the utility to strengthen its balance sheet, receiving the rate adjustments reflecting that investment, and exceeding the earnings target we set two years ago. In the process, we resolved several long-standing risks, including unfavorable power contracts and litigation.
We could not have anticipated when we embarked on this strategy that 2008 would end in the midst of a global economic downturn with credit markets in turmoil and equity markets in sharp decline. Michigan has been particularly hard hit with higher unemployment and the well-publicized troubles of the domestic automakers. While we weren’t completely immune to these developments, as reflected by the decline in our share price with the broader market, our restructured company thus far weathered the storm nicely and we’re cautiously optimistic as we enter 2009.
The success of our strategy and improved financial strength of the company allowed the Board of Directors to increase the common stock dividend in January 2009 by 40 percent. On an annualized basis, the dividend was increased from 36 cents per share to 50 cents per share, representing a payout ratio of about 40 percent. We expect to continue to increase our payout ratio over the next few years to roughly 50 percent as we continue our aggressive capital investment plan.
We are continuing our Growing Forward growth plan, which we forecast will allow us to grow earnings per share over the long-term at an average rate of six percent to eight percent. The plan calls for investing more than $6 billion in our Michigan utility over the next five years, while improving customer service and keeping rates competitive.
One of those investments involves so called “smart grid” technology that will enable a sea change in our interface with customers, providing them with better and more timely information about their consumption so they can use energy much more efficiently. We made good progress on this project in 2008, and plan a major field test of the technology this year.
In 2008, the company also successfully replaced its aging legacy computer software systems with a modern, integrated system that will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations and help us improve customer service.
The largest single element of our Growing Forward plan is the Balanced Energy Initiative, an integrated plan to meet the future needs of our 1.8 million electric customers through a diverse portfolio of generating assets and long-term power supply contracts. It includes a combination of energy efficiency programs, investments in new renewable power generation, and investments in conventional generation.
Michigan’s new energy law requires that 10 percent of the electricity that Consumers Energy supplies to its customers comes from renewable sources by 2015, and requires the utility to launch aggressive customer energy efficiency programs to reduce overall electric use by nearly six percent and the use of natural gas by four percent over the same timeframe. Both of these requirements represent opportuni- ties for the company by allowing rate-based investment and, in the case of energy efficiency, potential

performance incentives. The company has filed plans to meet those goals with the Michigan Public Service Commission and expects to start its energy efficiency program this summer.
About four percent of the power that the company supplies to customers today comes from renewable sources. The company was moving to increase its renewable energy supply even before enactment of the new law, securing easements on more than 36,000 acres of land for the development of new wind farms. The addition of these new renewable energy sources will further improve the company’s “carbon footprint,” which already is better than the national average and much better than the regional average. About 40 percent of our power comes from renewable sources, natural gas and nuclear.
We’ll also need new conventional generation, a combination of gas and clean coal, and have partially fulfilled that need with the 2007 purchase of the 935 megawatt Zeeland, Michigan gas-fired generating plant. We also announced in September 2007 our plan to construct a new 800 megawatt clean coal plant at our existing generating plant site in Bay City, Michigan. We originally planned to have that plant in operation in 2015, but recently announced a two-year change in the projected startup of that plant because of delays in the permitting process.
We continue to believe in the project. We are mindful of growing attention to concerns about global climate change and the increasing likelihood of federal legislation that could impact the cost of power generation using fossil fuels, especially coal. At the same time, construction of a new, high efficiency coal plant with state-of-the-art emissions control technologies will enable us to phase out old, less efficient units, resulting in an overall reduction in carbon dioxide and other emissions while retaining the benefit to our customers of low-cost coal. Further, Michigan’s geology is favorable for the future application of technology to capture and store carbon dioxide as that technology develops and becomes economic to employ. These factors differentiate our project from others proposed in the state and elsewhere in the country. Importantly for the state, the project is expected to generate an estimated 1,800 construction jobs through the multi-year construction period, as well as operating jobs following completion.
The issues of improving Michigan’s economy and creating jobs were central to the year-long policy debate about comprehensive energy reform legislation at the state Capitol in 2008, culminating with passage of the legislation in September. In addition to establishing goals for renewable energy and energy efficiency, the law enhances the utility investment environment through provisions that reduce investment risk and streamline ratemaking processes in a constructive manner.
In summary, 2008 was a successful year for the company. Our financial results show the soundness of the Growing Forward strategy, even in challenging economic times. We have abundant investment opportunities at Consumers Energy and an enhanced investment environment.
We also have a strong culture, dedicated to customer service, environmental stewardship, and the safety of our employees, customers, and communities. For that I thank the dedicated men and women who are proud to wear our colors.
Thanks for your continued support. Sincerely,
David W. Joos
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2009
 