DEAR SHAREOWNERS:
I’m pleased to report that CMS Energy performed well in 2010, both operationally and financially. We took a number of important steps last year to strengthen the business and its long-term financial performance, while at the same time providing immediate value to our investors despite the challenging economy.
For 2010, CMS Energy had reported net income available to common shareowners of $324 million, or $1.28 per share, compared to reported net income available to common shareowners of $218 million, or $0.91 per share, for 2009. The 2009 results included a one-time charge of $79 million, or $0.33 per share, linked to a Michigan Public Service Commission (MPSC) refund order, now completed, for CMS Energy’s principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy, a Michigan electric and natural gas utility.
We increased our common stock dividend twice in 2010, to 84 cents per share on an annualized basis, a 68 percent increase from 2009. We have increased the dividend four times since restoring it in 2007 and now have a payout ratio of
58 percent, which is competitive for our industry. With the increases in the dividend, our 2010 total shareowner return (net stock price change plus dividends paid during that period) was 23 percent, compared to the 16 percent average for our industry peer group. In 2010, our market capitalization (the stock price multiplied by the number of outstanding shares) increased by about $1 billion, or about 28 percent.
Our 2010 results reflect aggressive management of our operating costs, primarily at Consumers Energy, the nation’s fourth largest combination utility. In 2010, we restructured the company and reduced the workforce by 5 percent, which is expected to reduce costs by about $30 million annually. This helped us improve productivity by 14 percent in 2010. We also signed new five-year union contracts that provide increased sharing of health care costs and changed post-retirement health benefits. Going forward, this eliminates the legacy costs for all new salaried and union employees, reducing the company’s overall risk. Our focus on control- ling costs helps hold down rates for customers. It also positions us well for timely recovery of the major investments we’re making to provide value for our customers and benefits for investors. We’re an industry leader in this area, ranking at the top of the first quartile in industry benchmarking for controlling overhead costs.
Last year’s results also reflect the timely rate recovery of the substantial investments we’re making in our Consumers Energy operations to serve customers and improve the environment. The state’s constructive regulatory climate largely is a result of Michigan’s 2008 energy law. The regulatory reforms in the law have provided more predictability for the company, encouraging job-creating investments that help the company grow its earnings.
Customer value is one of the cornerstones of our business strategy and last year we enhanced customer value on several different fronts. We continued to make invest- ments to improve the reliability of our electric distribution system, reducing customer outage minutes by 13 percent last year. Over the past five years, we’ve reduced outage minutes by 36 percent. In 2010, we improved several points of contact with our customers by redesigning the customer bills, our website, and improving the performance of our call centers. We also launched a new Corporate Social Responsibility website to communicate to customers, policymakers, share- owners, and others about the positive environmental, economic and social impact that the company and its nearly 8,000 employees have in Michigan. In 2011, we

plan to step up our focus on customer service, in particular improving first-time service quality.
In 2010, we spent more than $56 million on our various energy efficiency programs, which have received a strong positive response from customers. More than 314,000 of our customers have participated in these programs since they began in mid-2009. Through these programs, our customers saved energy and money. Our shareowners also have benefited because our programs exceeded the annual energy savings targets set by the MPSC, earning incentives for the company for the past two years.
Over the next five years, we plan to invest more than $6 billion in our utility operations and expect those investments to result in rate base and earnings per share growth of 5 percent to 7 percent annually. More than 80 percent of this planned $6 billion investment will go to maintaining our electric and natural gas distribution systems, meeting new environmental requirements for our generating fleet, and achieving the 10 percent renewable energy standard set by Michigan’s 2008 energy law. The remaining investments planned are targeted at improving safety, system reliability, and creating a Smart Grid infrastructure.
While making these investments, we plan to strike a good balance between price and enhanced customer value by holding customer base rate increases as a percent- age of the total bill to about the rate of inflation through a sharp focus on cost management and maximizing the customer benefits from our investment program.
Our renewable energy and Smart Grid programs continue to offer growth oppor- tunities for the company. All the major contracts for the company’s first wind farm, the Lake Winds Energy Park, have been signed and have been approved by the MPSC. We expect construction to begin later this year and the 100-megawatt energy park to begin operation in 2012. We also continue to develop the Cross Winds Energy Park, a 150-megawatt facility expected to begin operation in 2014. We plan to invest about $600 million in these wind farms over the next five years. The development of these energy parks will maintain Consumers Energy’s leader- ship in renewable energy. We already are the largest supplier of renewable energy in Michigan, with about 5 percent of the power that we supplied to customers in 2010 coming from renewable sources. Recently, we announced plans to reduce the previously approved customer surcharges for our renewable energy program by $55 million a year to reflect the latest market conditions and improvements in wind turbine technology.
Earlier this year, we signed a major contract for an $800 million upgrade to the Ludington Pumped Storage Plant to increase its output by 300 megawatts to nearly 2,200 megawatts. The company owns 51 percent of the facility and also operates it. We expect the Ludington facility to play an increasingly important role as a storage facility for renewable energy produced during off-peak periods, helping to make it more reliable and affordable for customers.
We also continued development of our Smart Grid program in 2010 and selected a Grand Rapids neighborhood for a pilot program called SmartStreet that merges the smart meter technology with our successful energy efficiency programs. We plan to use the lessons and data from that pilot and tests conducted last year in Jackson County to refine our Smart Grid program, which is scheduled to begin deploying the smart meter technology in 2012.

As part of the SmartStreet program, we installed the first public charging station for plug-in electric vehicles (PEVs) in west Michigan. The company is a strong supporter of PEVs for a number of reasons, mainly: Widespread customer use of PEVs would create a new market for our power; charging PEVs at night would allow us to better utilize available baseload generating units; and the rise of PEVs offers domestic automakers and Michigan a significant economic development opportunity.
Although the economic challenges continue in Michigan, we saw some encourag- ing signs of recovery last year. Specifically, sales to our industrial customers were up 10 percent, compared to 2009, and although residential and commercial sales lagged, our total weather-adjusted electric sales were up 2 percent year-over-year. While last year’s results were encouraging and we expect more growth this year, we are planning for the economic recovery to move at a modest pace. We are supporting the efforts of Michigan’s governor and other state policymakers to help revitalize Michigan’s economy and improve its investment climate.
The ongoing economic uncertainties and current market conditions continue to validate our decision last year to defer development of an 830-megawatt clean coal unit and shift our planned investment in the plant to other utility investments.
We deferred development because of the recession, forecasted lower natural gas prices from the recent developments in shale gas recovery technology, and pro- jected surplus generating capacity in the Midwest market. We still believe that new clean coal generating capacity remains a good long-term option to serve our
1.8 million electric customers as part of a balanced energy portfolio, but at this time the most prudent course is to defer development of the plant. We still have a valid air permit for the plant and regularly assess customer demand, market prices for power, and the projections for natural gas prices. We have not set a timetable for further decisions about this project and any decision will be based on what is in the best interest of our customers and our investors.
No summary of 2010 would be complete without noting the management transi- tion that took place at CMS Energy and Consumers Energy. As you’ll recall, Kenneth Whipple, the chairman of the Board of Directors, and Joseph F.
Paquette Jr., a former company president who served as the presiding director, both retired last year. David Joos, the president and chief executive officer, also elected to retire and became the non-executive chairman of the Board while Philip R. Lochner Jr. was elected to serve as the presiding director. This transition was seamless thanks to the forethought and planning done by the Board, which deserves recognition and thanks for ensuring the stability of the company and its successful Growing Forward strategy. I’d also like to acknowledge our executive team for being strong, experienced and focused during this transition.
To sum up, 2010 was a successful year for the company in many ways. We continued to implement our proven strategy of making investments in our utility to serve customers, improve the environment, and provide value for our investors. Our 2010 results reflect the strength of this utility-focused strategy.
Much of the credit for our success lies with the dedicated employees who are proud to wear our colors and work hard every day to serve our customers. They deserve our thanks for their commitment to safety, customer service, environmental stewardship, and to the communities we serve.

Of all our results in 2010, I’m most proud of our improvement in employee safety, a 23 percent reduction in safety incidents. Since 2007, we have been able to reduce safety incidents by 64 percent through a culture change involving management, union leadership, and employees. It’s truly a team effort that has united our workforce in a drive to achieve zero safety incidents.
As I look ahead, I’m excited about the company’s prospects. Our Growing Forward strategy (see image below) is strong and durable and offers benefits to our customers and investors. We will continue to make substantial investments in Consumers Energy to add value for customers and to reduce operating and fuel costs. We expect our Growing Forward strategy to continue to create value for investors through steady earnings growth and a competitive dividend.
Thanks for your continued support. Sincerely,
John G. Russell
President and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2011
Consistent financial performance
Fair and timely regulation
Utility Customer investment value
Safe, excellent operations
Growing Forward Strategy
       