To our shareholders
1999 was a disappointment. Our earnings fell far short of our goal. Consolidated net income for 1999, after a write-off, totaled $277 million, or $2.44 per share compared to $285 million, or $2.65 per share in 1998. A premium paid for repurchasing Class G shares reduced per share earnings by $.26 to $2.18 per share. The premium payment did not reduce net income. The major reason for the decline was a $49 million, or $.45 per share write-off of our entire investment in an unsuccessful gas treating company, Nitrotec. Before the write-off, earnings totaled $326 million, or $2.89 per share -- a 9 percent increase from 1998. The company wrestled with several other significant problems during the year, as well. The most important of those is the debt on our balance sheet, which represents 68 percent of our capitalization. That high level limits our ability to finance large investments that are critical to continued growth in the international energy business. It also makes us particularly sensitive to recent rising interest rates, which are increasing our cost of debt. All of our businesses are strong and growing, as will be discussed later in this letter. However, several of our investments struggled in very difficult market
OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS

William T. McCormick Jr., Chairman and CEO (left) Victor J. Fryling, President and COO

conditions. The Australian and Argentine commercial markets for electricity are extremely price-competitive and difficult to predict; current prices are so low that our generating plants in those countries either aren't making a profit, or are earning well below our expectations. In Australia, state governments are continuing to subsidize their own power plants, despite a promise of full competition. That puts private plants like our Loy Yang facility at a severe disadvantage. As a result, we have announced that we intend to sell our 50 percent interest in Loy Yang. We are also reviewing our underperforming Argentine generation assets to develop plans for their improvement or sale. Because of these difficulties, we have not delivered the level of sustained earnings increases that the market expects of growth companies, and we have reduced our 2000 earnings forecast. And, as you undoubtedly are aware, energy company stock prices dropped considerably during the year. CMS Energy stock fell 36 percent in 1999, while our peer group declined about 25 percent. CMS stock dropped further after year-end, in reaction to our reduced $2.50 per share 2000 earnings outlook. These problems are as unacceptable to us as they are to you. We can, however, fix them. This past February we announced a financial restructuring

Six new plants began operating, adding about 1,400 megawatts of generating capacity.

The GasAtacama pipeline and power project began commercial operation with Argentine gas deliveries to Chile.

CMS completed the $2.2 billion acquisition of the Panhandle Companies to create a major Midwest energy presence, transporting 5 percent of the nation's natural gas supply.

2

plan that will raise equity and reduce debt. We expect the plan will strengthen our balance sheet and enable us to consistently achieve a high earnings per share growth of 10 ­12 percent in 2001 and 12 ­15 percent in the following years. First, we plan to raise up to $1.3 billion that will be used largely to reduce our debt and fixed charges, and in the process improve the company's financial flexibility. Some of the funds also will be used to repurchase up to 10 million shares of CMS Energy common stock. Our goal is to reduce the debt on our balance sheet to 55 percent of our capital structure by the end of 2002. That level should boost our company's debt securities to investment grade. At least $600 million of the total will come from the sale of assets that are no longer central to the company's business strategy. We've already found buyers to meet about half of the goal; several other sales are completing the bid process. Most of these sales will be at higher prices than we paid for them, and will result in significant earnings gains in 2000. We are considering raising the balance of the total through an issue of a tracking stock that will represent about a 20 percent economic interest in Consumers Energy, the electric and natural gas utility that is our principal subsidiary. CMS expects to

pay about 75 percent of its utility earnings as dividends, in line with the dividend levels other utility companies are paying. Moving forward on the tracking stock offering will depend on market conditions. If market conditions are not satisfactory, we will improve our balance sheet through additional asset sales or other alternative means. Assuming the tracking stock is issued, CMS Energy will reduce the dividend on its common stock to $.40 per share annually, from the current yearly rate of $1.46. This lower dividend would represent about a 15 percent payout of earnings, which is similar to that paid by comparable highergrowth energy companies. The $125 million of annual savings from the reduced dividend will be used to help fund the company's cash flow and earnings per share growth. We realize that some CMS Energy shareholders prefer a high-yield stock rather than a growthoriented investment. To give them that choice, the Board of Directors has approved, after the tracking stock is issued, a tax-free exchange offer to convert CMS Energy common stock into the new tracking stock. We appreciate the significance of these actions, and how seriously they are viewed by investors. We also believe that, given time to evaluate our actions,

The purchase of Grupo Companhia Paulista de Energia Elétrica in Brazil strengthened our international electric distribution business.

As construction of the Al Taweelah A2 power and water plant progressed, three publications recognized the project as "power deal of the year" for 1999.

CMS redeemed its Class G tracking stock. Early in 2000, the company announced plans to issue a Consumers Energy tracking stock.

Major oil and natural gas additions increased CMS reserves to a record level.

3

Debt Reduction Plan

1999

2002

68%

55%

32%

45%

Debt Equity

·

·

·

·

investors will share our belief that CMS Energy is a strong company with a bright future, and that we have a good plan to restore value. The company has a strong base upon which to build. Consolidated operating revenue, for example, grew 19 percent last year to $6.10 billion, compared to $5.14 billion in 1998. In the last five years, consolidated revenue has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 11.1 percent. Cash flow exceeded $900 million in 1999 and will approach $1 billion in 2000. Our business grew significantly in 1999 through important acquisitions, projects moving into commercial operation, and new projects that will add revenue and earnings in future years. Among them: Acquisition of CMS Panhandle and its 10,400 miles of natural gas pipelines, which are the backbone of our growth strategy in North America. Purchased last March, in 2000 we will get the benefit of a full 12 months of earnings. Placing several generating plants into commercial operation: Units 7 and 8, totaling 300 megawatts, at the National Power Supply plant in Thailand; GMR Vasavi, totaling 200 megawatts in India; and more than 350 megawatts of generation in Michigan. This includes the first peaking generator on the site of the 710 megawatt Dearborn Industrial Generation plant in Michigan, and two other peaking plants. Placing into commercial operation the GasAtacama pipeline, which transports natural gas from Argentina to northern Chile, and the first phase of the project 's NOPEL generating plant in Chile. Contracts for 85 percent of NOPEL's capacity will phase in from 2002 ­ 2005. A major new gas discovery in Texas, and oil discoveries in Venezuela and Colombia. As a result, proved oil and gas reserves increased by 36 percent, to 248 million barrels of oil equivalent. The present value of our proved oil and gas reserves, based on the standard SEC PV10 measurement, increased from about $400 million in 1998 to $1 billion at year-end 1999.

· Beginning construction of the company's third power plant in India, the 250 megawatt Neyveli project in Tamil Nadu. · Beginning construction of two 110 megawatt generators in Ghana; they'll be completed this year. · Beginning construction of the first energy privatization project in the United Arab Emirates, the Al Taweelah A2 power and desalination facility. Capacity is 710 megawatts and 50 million imperial gallons per day of water. · Placing into service the Fort Union and Bighorn gas gathering systems in the Powder River Basin of Wyoming. As you can see, the day-to-day operation of CMS Energy businesses is strong. That is due in no small part to the skill, dedication and hard work of our 11,500 CMS employees and the additional 3,600 partnership employees. We are proud of their success, and grateful for their support as we work to provide them with a stronger company. We also thank our Board of Directors for their wise counsel and continuing support through this period. And we thank you, our shareholders. We ask for your patience, and invite you to judge us not by our words, but by our progress in the year ahead.

William T. McCormick Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Victor J. Fryling President and Chief Operating Officer March 21, 2000

4

