Dear Shareowners:
2005was another successful year in strengthening the company, though that may not be readily apparent due to the fact that we reported a net loss for the year of $94 million or 44 cents per share. A significant reason for this loss was a $1.82 per share noncash write-down of the value of the Midland Cogeneration Venture (MCV). The write-down was necessary because of unprecedented high current and projected natural gas prices, which are detrimental to the economics of the gas-fueled plant.
Despite that impairment, our underlying operating earnings grew as we expected through the implementation of our “Building on the Basics” strategy. That strategy focuses on our investment in Consumers Energy, our Michigan electric and gas utility, supplemented by the optimization of our portfolio of non-utility assets that we manage through our CMS Enterprises subsidiary.
We raised $272 million of common equity last year, and repatriated $377 million from our overseas operations that benefited from special tax treatment under the federal American Jobs Creation Act. We also sold several assets that are not part of our long-term business strategy,
as we continued to narrow the focus of our operations to a few select geographic areas. All of these steps allowed us to invest $700 million of equity into Consumers Energy, strengthening the utility’s balance sheet and increasing its future earnings potential.
Key to the success of our utility focus have been fair and timely regulatory decisions by the Michigan Public Service Commission (MPSC). In January 2005, the Commission approved an innovative “Resource Conservation Plan” that allowed the MCV to change its operation to reduce fuel consumption. Over the course of the year, the plan conserved an estimated 37 billion cubic feet of gas at the MCV, and provided a savings of $71 million to the company. It also funded a $5 million per year program to support the development of Michigan-based renewable energy, including wind power facilities. Last December, the Commission approved our first general electric rate increase in nearly 10 years, and approved the recovery over time of $333 million
of costs we incurred between 2000 and 2005 to meet new laws and regulations.
We also had an outstanding operational year, and our employees deserve credit and thanks for their efforts. Due to a warmer-than-usual summer in Michigan, Consumers Energy set a new annual record for electricity deliveries, as well as five monthly records. The employees operating our utility generating plants rose to the challenge, achieving an exceptional 90 percent availability. CMS Enterprises employees performed at an even higher level in 2005, running their plants at an average 94 percent availability while achieving world-class employee safety standards.
Our utility employees also continued to demonstrate their commitment to serving our customers well. Consumers Energy won the prestigious JD Power award in March 2006 for ranking highest in the Midwest in customer satisfaction among large gas business customers. This is the third time in six years that we have won a JD Power award. While the unprecedented cost of natural gas put a strain on both the company and our gas customers, we’re pleased that our extensive gas storage capacity and our talented gas purchasing staff deliver retail gas rates that are among the lowest in the nation. On the electric side of our utility business, we again met all 11 MPSC customer service standards. We’re proud to say that we’ve met all of the standards in each of the four years performance has been tracked.

Major priorities in 2006 will include continued efforts to strengthen the utility’s safety culture, maintain our focus on compliance and ethics issues and modernize our computer systems to enhance customer service. We are stepping up our investment in electric system reliability, with a particular focus on increased tree-trimming along our lines. Trees are responsible for 30 percent of customer outages, and trimming them away from our lines is the most effective way to enhance the reliability of service to our customers.
We are on track with our previously announced plan to sell the Palisades nuclear plant. The sale, which we expect to complete in 2007, will allow us to retain access to the plant’s output while reducing operating risk and improving cash flow. We also are continuing an $800 million effort that will enable our utility generating plants to meet the latest federal clean air standards and improve Michigan’s air quality, and we have several pipeline projects under way to ensure our ability to deliver adequate natural gas supplies to customers.
2006 also will see a great deal of attention paid to Michigan’s future electric generating capac- ity needs. The MPSC staff sponsored a year-long “Capacity Need Forum” in 2005, culminating with a report that concludes that Michigan soon will need both new peaking and new base-load generation. The company agrees with that conclusion, and is an active participant in reviewing the regulatory and policy issues that must be addressed to make that investment a reality. We’re optimistic that this process will provide an opportunity for attractive future utility growth.
On the financial front, we’re continuing to focus on improving our cash flow, which is a key con- dition to restoring a common stock dividend. Unfortunately, the cost of financing our natural gas inventory has risen with the price of gas and has put a strain on our cash flow over the past year. If the price of gas stabilizes or even reverses (as it has in recent months), the cash flow impact will improve.
We’ll continue to work on cutting our parent company debt over the next several years, and we’ll continue executing our plan to divest nonstrategic assets. At the same time, we’ll be looking for targeted investment opportunities at both our utility and Enterprises businesses that will provide the basis for future earnings growth and ensure we maintain a diversified investment portfolio.
As I conclude, I would like to thank several departing members of our board of directors. Bill Parfet retired from the board last May, and Kinnie Smith and Earl Holton will leave the board at the end of their terms this May. Each of them has demonstrated a deep commitment to the company, and I appreciate their many years of service on your behalf.
Sincerely,
Dave Joos
President and Chief Executive Officer
April 4, 2006
 