Dear Fellow Shareholder
The year 2001 was a difficult one which required a major financial restructuring, but it also brought the beginning of a new strategic direction for CMS Energy. While financial results were unacceptable, including large asset impairment and restructuring charges, we are confident the actions we have taken will lead to significantly improved results in 2002 and beyond. In October, the company announced plans to refocus its growth in North America, where it has extensive assets and has enjoyed a great deal of success. David W. Joos These assets, which are President and Chief Operating Officer complemented by a respected and growing marketing, services and trading business, are particularly well-positioned to serve the growing U.S. demand for clean-burning natural gas. As part of its strategic redirection, the company announced its commitment to sell nonstrategic and underperforming assets, significantly reduce its debt ratio, improve cash coverage and maintain the current dividend. As will be discussed later, good progress is being made on all these fronts.
Results Last Year

includes $683 million of noncash restructuring charges, including write-downs for reduced asset valuations and discontinued operations. A significant share of the restructuring charges reflects the company's decision to sell investments in a number of countries where we have been unsuccessful, where the future investment climate is no longer attractive or where CMS' continued presence no longer fits our business strategy. This includes investments in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Equatorial Guinea, India, the Philippines and Thailand. Net earnings from operations, excluding write-downs, were $185 million, or $1.41 per share compared to $246 million, or $2.21 per share in 2000. Two factors are primarily responsible for the lower results. The company's Michigan utility, Consumers Energy, suffered costly, unplanned purchases of power to replace electricity from its Palisades nuclear plant, which was shut down for seven months to repair major equipment. In addition, Consumers Energy's sales of natural gas were reduced by nearrecord warm temperatures in the fourth quarter and a weaker-than-expected economy.
Asset Dispositions

William T. McCormick Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

A net loss of $545 million was reported in 2001, or a loss of $4.17 per share, compared to reported net income of $36 million, or $0.32 per share in 2000. The 2001 loss

As part of our restructuring, CMS last October announced a major program that will raise $2.9 billion through asset sales and the optimization of retained assets. To date, we have completed $1.9 billion of this program; in addition, we expect to close the sale of Consumers Energy's electric transmission system for approximately $300 million in the second quarter.

4

CMS Energy Corporation

With substantial completion of our asset disposition program expected this year, over 90 percent of CMS Energy's total asset base will be in the United States.
Balance Sheet Improvement

New Strategic Direction

Asset sales are also an important part of our near-term commitment to significantly improve the company's balance sheet, including a significant reduction of debt. Following the sale of our Equatorial Guinean assets for about $1 billion in January, consolidated debt was reduced to 66 percent of capitalization from a high of 71 percent last year. With substantial completion of the asset
CAPITALIZATION 2001 $11.1 billion Projected Year-End 2002 $10.3 billion

After a thorough review of CMS' assets and market position, the company has determined that its best and most reliable strategy for growth in earnings is to build on its already substantial base of North American energy assets and services. While we will retain a small number of excellent international assets, our prospective development activities in the near term will be focused in North America, including Canada and Mexico. We believe such a "North American Strategy" will result in reliable growth and less business risk in today's more uncertain global economic climate. Our United States assets, which total $14 billion, already include:

 One of the largest electric and gas utility operations in the United States, serving 1.7 million electric customers and 1.6 million 60% 71% gas customers. 18% 28% 12% 11%  A major 15,000 mile interstate natural gas pipeline system serving the central and northern parts of the United States.  The nation's largest operating liquefied Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity natural gas (LNG) import terminal, which we are currently expanding. CMS Energy is strengthening its balance sheet with significant debt reductions. Debt is expected to decline to less than 60 percent by  8,000 megawatts of nonutility and utility year-end 2002, and to about 57 percent by year-end 2003. power generation.  A growing midstream gas processing and sale program by year-end, consolidated debt gathering company. is expected to be about 60 percent. Further  A leading and growing marketing and planned improvements next year are expectenergy services company. ed to bring percentage debt levels at year A successful gas and oil exploration and end 2003 lower, and the interest coverage production company. ratio to an investment grade level of about 3.3-to-1. As part of the balance sheet improvement plan, the company's capital expenditures will average less than $1 billion per year over the 2002-2004 period, or about a 30 percent reduction from recent annual levels.

CMS Energy Corporation

5

We believe that these businesses, particularly the ones involved in the natural gas value chain, from the wellhead to gathering, processing, transmission and distribution, are well-positioned to participate in growth in the expanding North American energy markets. While there is no question that
2001 vs 2000 STOCK PRICE (Percent Change) -24%
+10

Our goal for CMS Energy is simply to build our businesses to become one of North America's leading asset-based, integrated energy supply and services companies.
Conclusion

CMS Dow Jones Utility Index S&P 500 Utility Index

-29% -32%

In summary, we believe our new strategy will lead to more predictable and steady earnings growth, which will further secure our common stock dividend. We also look forward to a profitable and growing company this year. Finally, one of the keys to our future success in these and other projects is our dedicated work force of 11,500 CMS Energy employees. We are grateful for their support, and we thank them for the skill, dedication and industry leadership they exhibit on a daily basis.

0

-10

-20

-30

-40

D 00

J 01

F

M

A

M

J

J

A

S

O

N

D

We also thank our Board of Directors for their counsel and continuing support.

Stock prices declined throughout the energy industry in 2001. Although CMS stock also declined, it outperformed industry averages.

power generation will be in oversupply for the next several years, natural gas demand is still projected to continue to grow, and CMS Energy is well-positioned to benefit from that growth. Few companies have the integrated energy asset base of CMS Energy, and we believe that the earnings from that base can be further enhanced by our growing and very successful energy marketing, services and trading company.

William T. McCormick Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

David W. Joos President and Chief Operating Officer March 31, 2002

6

CMS Energy Corporation

