Dear Shareowners:
Our company has changed dramatically over the past year, and we’re now nearly complete with
the rebuilding of our financial foundation and the transition to a strategy more focused on our Michigan utility, Consumers Energy. In 2006, we completed the sale of our interests in the Midland Cogeneration Venture, entered into a contract to sell the Palisades nuclear plant, set in motion plans to sell our overseas assets, and settled several “legacy” lawsuits. While there’s work to be done in 2007 to execute these transactions, we’re well down the path toward a stronger, lower- risk enterprise with a clear and focused plan to grow here at home.
It’s difficult to see that progress in our financial statements, as we reported a net loss for the year of $90 million, or 41 cents per share. The loss reflected the write-down of overseas assets, the cost of lawsuit settlements and the expected reversal of the value of long-term gas contracts at the Midland Cogeneration Venture.
However, the company’s underlying operating results were strong, and the reduction in risk and the strengthening of our balance sheet have been reflected in share price and debt ratings improve- ments. The major credit ratings agencies have indicated that they expect to further improve our debt ratings as our asset sales are completed, and we put the proceeds to work reducing debt and investing in Consumers Energy.
Our financial improvement is also reflected in the January decision by our Board of Directors to reinstate a quarterly common stock dividend of 5 cents per share after a four-year suspension. That’s an important milestone for the company, as well as a vote of confidence by your Board and management in the company’s strong outlook.
Along with our financial progress, it is important to recognize the continuing strong day-to-day operation of our business. Consumers Energy once again won a prestigious J.D. Power award for outstanding customer satisfaction, placing first in the Midwest among large gas utilities serving business customers. The award confirms our own ongoing measurement of high customer satisfac- tion levels, and reflects a remarkable effort by our employees to serve customers during a difficult year that included continued pressure on natural gas prices, extreme weather conditions and a struggling Michigan economy.
Two unusually severe storms struck Michigan last year, and our electric employees responded superbly – first enduring frigid conditions to repair damage from a February ice storm, and then working through sweltering July heat following a catastrophic lightning and wind storm. July also brought a lingering heat wave that resulted in a number of electric records, including an all-time peak sendout. Extended heat strains generating equipment, distribution lines and other equip- ment, as well as the employees who must work in those conditions. Our employees did a terrific job to keep electricity flowing to customers.
The utility continued to strengthen its natural gas and electric delivery systems, including an expansion of the natural gas pipeline system to accommodate customer demand in southeastern Michigan. In addition, a new global positioning system for natural gas crews improved our ability to respond to customer needs. In the electric business, we targeted reliability improvements with one of the most aggressive tree-trimming efforts along our distribution lines in the last 10 years.
Consumers Energy moved closer to completing the sale of its Palisades nuclear plant when the Nuclear Regulatory Commission renewed the plant’s operating license for 20 years to 2031. The sale will reduce the risk to the company and its customers of operating and decommissioning the plant, and will free up cash to support other investments in the utility. A power supply contract will preserve the plant’s output for Consumers Energy customers for 15 years and provide them with important cost savings.
The company also finished the nine-year process of decommissioning and dismantling the Big Rock Point nuclear plant in northern Michigan. The 475-acre site, which played a pioneering role

in the nation’s nuclear power industry, has been restored to its natural state, ready for use by future generations.
Our non-utility businesses continued to build upon their reputation for world-class operating per- formance. Our Jamaica and Genesee (Michigan) generating plants set lifetime availability records, and our U.S. fleet of biomass solid fuel generating plants finished the year with an overall availabil- ity of 95 percent.
In recognition of the company’s commitment to the environment, the Cobb and Whiting gen- erating stations received the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality’s Clean Corporate Citizen Award, a distinction now enjoyed by all of the utility’s fossil fuel plants.
Finally, a discussion of our successful operations wouldn’t be complete without noting the progress we are making on safety. Our CMS Enterprises businesses continue to operate at world-class safety levels, and for the fourth consecutive year the North Carolina Department of Labor honored the Craven generating plant for outstanding safety. At our utility, a partnership of management and union employees has made strong strides toward building a stronger culture of workplace safety.
Looking forward, much of our attention will be focused on answering Michigan’s future electric supply needs. In January, the Chairman of the Michigan Public Service Commission issued a
21st Century Energy Plan, which concluded that over the next 20 years Michigan will need new generating capacity to meet growth and to replace an aging fleet. We’re preparing to file a specific resource plan for Consumers Energy this spring. Our “Balanced Energy Initiative” will include actions to help our customers use energy more efficiently, grow our successful “Green Generation” renewable generation program, and develop new clean generating plants. Achieving the goals of the 21st Century Energy Plan will require action by the state legislature to reform Michigan’s elec- tric utility deregulation law to set the stage for major new investment. There is growing recognition of these needs among the state’s political leaders, and we’re encouraged that Michigan’s energy plan is a top legislative priority.
In addition to meeting growing electricity demand, we’re also developing and implementing major initiatives that will further enhance our already strong reputation for customer service and operating efficiency. We’re replacing our enterprisewide software with state-of-the-art technology, developing aggressive plans to improve electric and gas distribution infrastructure, and exploring advanced digital metering technologies to support energy efficiency initiatives and meet growing customer expectations.
In summary, we’re moving into a very exciting time for our company. We’re nearly complete with rebuilding our financial foundation, and are focused on abundant growth opportunities at Consumers Energy that build on our strong operations and commitment to customer service.
Thanks for your continued support. Sincerely,
David W. Joos
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 26, 2007
 