As we look back on 2015, Centene finds itself at a transformative juncture in its history.
Our success continues to be driven by strong, balanced results in each of our business
segments and reflects the strength of our foundational diversification strategy.
Investments in people, capabilities and technology have led us to consistently deliver
strong performance with an industry-leading growth rate. Our subsidiaries and suite of
products continue to generate great opportunities. We have added and expanded
contracts in existing markets, grown geographically, acquired new business, and added
new capabilities and offerings. By being relentless in sustaining and enhancing the
discipline and agility that has shaped—and continues to shape— our success, Centene is
poised to become the largest Medicaid managed care organization in the country.
Centene’s membership grew 26% to 5.1 million managed care members in 2015. Premium
and service revenues and adjusted earnings per share both increased 36% over 2014.
We also saw total shareholder return of 27%, resulting in a five-year compound annual
growth rate of 39%. This success has been achieved in a year in which geo-political and
macro-economic challenges resulted in a flat equity market.
GROWTH AND EXPANSION:
We saw notable growth in existing markets such as Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Ohio and Texas. We entered the state of Michigan with the close of our
acquisition of Fidelis. We also entered the state of Oregon through the acquisition of
Agate Resources, the parent company of Trillium Health Plan, marking Centene’s 23rd
state of operations. Our life and health management capabilities were expanded through
our acquisition of LiveHealthier.
Our health plans across the country continue to reflect our commitment to providing
local, culturally sensitive care in the communities we serve. The number of awards
recognizing Centene over the past year illustrates our dedication. And, our Health Care
Enterprise and Specialty companies continue to integrate and innovate in exciting ways
to better serve our members, help control costs, and provide an additional platform for
growth. In 2015, we continued to build on our successful Health Insurance Marketplace
business by expanding our participation in certain regions of Illinois, Oregon and
Wisconsin. In addition, Centurion began providing comprehensive correctional
healthcare services in two new states, Mississippi and Vermont, bringing the total
number of states served to five. Internationally, our strategic investments in Ribera Salud in Spain and The Practice
Group in the United Kingdom generated new opportunities and add to the diversification
and expertise of our overall portfolio. Together, these international businesses provide
services to more than 850,000 individuals. We are now of a size and scale to explore
targeted international opportunities further without hindering our ability to pursue and
integrate growth opportunities in the U.S.
We continue to design and invest in information systems and innovative care
management programs that give us greater access and speed to data. This enables
us to make real time decisions and better manage healthcare costs. To expand our
capabilities, in 2016, Centene invested in a data analytics business, Interpreta.
Combining Centene’s expertise in managing large, diverse and medically complex
populations with Interpreta’s experience using real-time clinical and genomic analytics
will enable us to develop an integrated patient care platform in an effort to streamline
workflow, customize care and mitigate adverse events.
HEALTH NET ACQUISITION:
Centene’s biggest news in 2015 was our announcement of the transformative acquisition
of California-based Health Net. This acquisition will result in significant membership
growth and expanded capabilities in Arizona, California, Oregon and Washington.
Bringing Health Net into our portfolio will increase and enhance our presence in the
California Medicaid program, which is the nation’s largest with more than 12 million
beneficiaries. When combined with our current market leadership in Florida and Texas,
Centene will be a leader in three of the largest Medicaid markets in the country. In
addition, Centene will significantly expand its managed long-term support services,
one of the largest and fastest growing segments of the market.
The Health Net acquisition is an important step in our strategy to increase scale, as well
as drive further diversification across markets and products—specifically with the
addition of government-sponsored programs including Medicare, TRICARE and Veterans
Affairs, along with the commercial market in California. Health Net will provide the
capabilities, scale and quality profile needed to expand our opportunities in the Medicare
space beyond the duals. Health Net’s Medicare experience is complementary to Centene’s
commitment to low income and high acuity populations. The addition of Health Net’s
Medicare Advantage expertise, including its 4 STAR quality rating, will also create
significant opportunities across our markets.
The transaction will also increase Centene’s scale and geographic and product diversity,
positioning it as one of the largest providers of Medicaid, Medicare Advantage and other
government-sponsored programs in the country. Historically, we have successfully
leveraged our pipeline and captured additional revenue through diversification, and we
plan to continue this strategy. With additional products and capabilities from Health Net,
our growth pipeline is bigger than ever before.
OUR PEOPLE:
I have long maintained that it is our people that set Centene apart and continue to drive
our success. We are committed to investing in our employees, as well as bringing on
new talent and expertise. In 2015, we added 4,800 new employees including expanding
our senior leadership team with the appointment of Dr. Ken Yamaguchi as Chief Medical
Officer and Marcela Manjarrez Hawn as Chief Communications Officer for Centene.
Also in 2015, Centene announced William Scheffel’s intention to retire as Chief Financial
Officer in early 2016. The Board designated Jeffrey Schwaneke as Chief Financial Officer
going forward. Jeff joined Centene in 2008 and has held primary responsibilities for
the accounting, treasury and financial reporting functions and has proven to be a solid
financial leader for our company. Therefore, he was a natural choice for this role.
In closing, Centene’s collective experience, collaborative spirit and distinctive purpose
firmly position us as an undeniable leader in today’s rapidly evolving healthcare
environment. Whether through government-sponsored managed care plans or newly
emerging avenues, our discipline, agility and versatility continue to allow us to develop
the best solutions for the right opportunities.
Sincerely,
MICHAEL F. NEIDORFF
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer