Letter to Stockholders
A YEAR DISTINGUISHED BY PROGRESS
The year 2005 was distinguished by progress towards our goal of building a multi-line healthcare enterprise offering both core Medicaid and specialty services. We concluded the year with $1.5 billion in revenue and $55.6 million in net earnings, our strongest
year ever, despite some market-specific challenges. We achieved our revenue and earnings per share objectives and continued to put in place measures for management succession planning. We also made investments in our information systems, producing greater operational efficiencies. All evidence indicates that we continue to execute on our strategy with discipline and intensity.
Membership at year end was 871,900, a 12.8% increase over 2004. Revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2005, increased 50.4% to $1.5 bil- lion, and earnings per share increased to $1.24,
producing demonstrable cost savings to all of our states – our key customers. At Centene, we manage our core Medicaid business through a portfolio approach, which provides a diversification strategy and recognizes that at any given point in time there are different factors which can affect operations in our individual markets. In Indiana, we were pleased with the state’s decision to roll out its remaining unconverted counties to mandatory managed care status and were successful in gaining membership and increasing our existing market share. In Wisconsin’s Milwaukee county, the state commenced the transition of its SSI membership from voluntary to mandatory status, and we are eager to grow our SSI membership in our other states as well. We were also pleased with our membership growth in Kansas, where we are a dominant player and have expanded our already healthy relationship with the state.
Centene’s discipline and steadfast adherence to basic core principles of contracting and reserving methodologies, as well as our commitment to act as local operators in our markets, continue to distinguish us in Medicaid managed care.
an increase of 21.6%. Operating cash flow was $74.0 million, and our balance sheet is strong with $350.3 million in cash and investments. During 2005, we increased our credit facility to $200 mil- lion and have in place a universal shelf registration to fund future growth objectives.
During the year we expanded into new service territories and markets in Indiana, Kansas and Ohio, while strengthening our provider relationships and
In our other markets, notably Ohio, Texas and Missouri, we faced some market-specific challenges. The state of Missouri elected to reduce the number of Medicaid recipients in an effort to balance its budget, while Ohio presented some challenges with respect to hospital contracting. In Texas, the state’s assignment of a new enrollment broker and a new eligibility system affected our membership in 2005. However, we are well-poised to participate in the service area expansion awards that become effective in 2006.
 REACHING FOR THE SUMMIT
{2}

 As a result of a 2005 contract awarded by the Georgia Department of Community Health, this year we are prepared to enter three regions in the state. We will participate in the Atlanta, Central and Southwest regions, which collectively encompass 780,000 eligible recipients. Our management team is in place, and we have spent the last year negotiating contracts with hos- pitals and working to assemble our physician networks in order to provide the uncompromised, quality care to our members there for which our existing health plans are recognized.
We made substantial progress in 2005 in our spe- cialty company segment, CenCorp Health SolutionsTM. With the July acquisition of AirLogix, a disease man- agement company, and the year-end announcement of our purchase of US Script, a pharmacy benefit manager, we now have two additional capabilities from which to build our specialty platform expertise. AirLogix will benefit recipients who suffer from respiratory ailments such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and asthma. In the future, we
will seek to cover other disease states in order to meet the needs of our recipients. US Script will enable us to contain and manage prescription drug costs – the most significant cost-driver in healthcare – as our health plan subsidiaries will contract with them at market rates and on an arms-length basis. Our behavioral health programs in Arizona and Kansas are meeting the expectations of their respec- tive market needs and provide a strong foundation to further demonstrate our skills and expertise in serving the needs of these recipients as we consider additional potential markets.
Michael F. Neidorff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
We continued to make progress in covering more SSI recipients and regard this population as an important opportunity for future revenue growth. Typically, SSI recipients are faced with chronic physi- cal disabilities and often have secondary diagnoses, such as behavioral health conditions. Historically, because of the nature of their afflictions, SSI recipi- ents have been treated in a traditional fee-for-service manner, which has higher costs. However, there are a number of ways in which we can meet the needs of this population while reducing the costs in managing their care. First, we take an integrated risk approach. For example, by offering generic drug substitution or formulary utilization, we can begin to effectively control or manage the very factors that influence these costs.
Other achievements during the year include the continued optimization of our information systems, which enable us to pay our doctors quickly and reduce our days in claims payable metric. Our Margin
 REACHING FOR THE SUMMIT
{3}

Protection Program, which combines policy changes and rate increases, continues to be successful across our markets, and we have remained active in provid- ing our states with opportunities to utilize
this program to achieve cost savings. In December, we formally dedicated our new 50,000-square foot claims processing center in Great Falls, Montana.
At the same time, we announced the establishment of an annual scholarship program to assist Montana students. We are proud to be part of the Great Falls community and look forward to fully occupying this facility over the next several years. Approximately
70 people have begun work at the site, and we anticipate eventually having more than 250 people employed there.
Recognition came from the business media. Centene was named to the Forbes Platinum 400, a list of America’s Best Big Companies. In St. Louis, where we are headquartered, we were cited by
The St. Louis Business Journal as one of the best places to work.
In April 2005, the Honorable Tommy Thompson, former Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary and former Governor of Wisconsin, joined our board of directors for an initial two-year term. With nearly 40 years of his career devoted to public service, Secretary Thompson is recognized for his candor
and as an advocate for the health and welfare of all Americans. His extensive experience and substantial contributions to the development of sound public policy will help Centene evolve to the appropriate paradigm under which healthcare is provided to low- income recipients.
We remain an industry leader. It is through Centene’s discipline and steadfast adherence to basic core principles of contracting and reserving methodolo- gies, our confidence in our systems and our commit- ment to acting as local operators in our markets, that continue to distinguish us in Medicaid managed care.
We remain committed without compromise in our belief that every American is entitled to receive quality healthcare with dignity. Centene has contin- ued to build its business with this core value as our inspiration. States will continue to turn to managed care programs to fulfill their commitment to health- care for Medicaid recipients, and we will in turn provide an appropriate solution.
Our ability to establish and maintain a leadership position in the industry and the markets we serve results primarily from our demonstrated success in providing quality care while reducing and managing costs, and from our customer-focused approach to working with state governments. It also comes from a culture flexible enough and comfortable enough with change. To that end, I would like to thank our employees for their continued commitment and ded- ication to the achievement of our growth objectives and ongoing success.
Sincerely,
Michael F. Neidorff
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  R E A C H I N G
E SUMMIT
G
F
FO
O
R
R
T
{4}
TH
HE
