Amidst ongoing changes in the healthcare landscape, Centene has
maintained focus on our promise of delivering the highest quality of
care, while reducing costs. We also continue to deliver on our growth
strategy—increasing membership by 41% and revenues by 59%
from 2011. Now operating health plans in 16 states, we serve 2.6
million members across the country. We were successful in winning
nine contracts in 2012 and have continued in 2013 with the long-
term care program recommendations in Florida.
With the pending
acquisition of AcariaHealth, we will expand our ability to manage the
costs of specialized pharmacy benefit services for complex diseases.
We believe the growth and initiatives accomplished in 2012 will drive
earnings in 2013 and beyond.
All of these efforts demonstrate the hard work and
dedication of more than 6,800 employees nationwide. We
remain committed to strengthening our executive leadership
team to ensure Centene has the necessary bandwidth,
resources and talent to support and effectively manage
the significant growth opportunities that lie ahead.
Key management additions in 2012 included David Minifie
as Executive Vice President of Business Integration and
Chief Marketing Officer; Robert Hitchcock as Executive
Vice President, Health Plan Business Unit; and Rone
Baldwin as Executive Vice President, Insurance Group
Business Unit and head of the Company's newly formed
insurance group to oversee products associated with
Exchanges. These appointments round out our seasoned
executive team and add key expertise that will lead us into
the new healthcare arena.
Centene’s success over the years did not come by chance,
nor did it come without challenges. As part of our valued
partnership with our states, we have helped to uncover and
resolve problematic issues which impact us both. For
example, in the fourth quarter of 2012, we experienced
higher-than-expected medical costs in Texas. This was
related to the transfer of high acuity members in the
Hidalgo Service Area from another health plan, in addition
to higher-than-anticipated utilization in the inpatient
category in the rural service area. We continue to work
with the state to obtain premium adequacy and have
implemented a margin improvement plan for the Hidalgo
expansion area. In June, we also reported a higher level of
medical costs in our Celtic individual business. Our
corrective actions to improve performance included a new
national network contract as well as targeted rate increases
in the second half of 2012, and our Health Benefits Ratio
(HBR) has improved.
In the midst of growth, reform and debate around our
nation’s healthcare, one issue remains constant — states
continue to face budget pressures, and many are looking
for ways to curtail costs. Centene’s strategy is clear,
consistent, and effective — enter a state with a cost-
effective solution, then look to build broader services
within each market. We believe there is significant
opportunity to further leverage this approach in the future.
Going forward, our priorities include innovating in our
approach to improve care for our members, expanding our
geographic reach, and growing organically in our existing
markets through Medicaid expansion and contracts
for Medicaid/Medicare Dual-eligibles and Exchange-
based solutions.
During this unprecedented time of rising costs and
increasing healthcare needs, we see several new states
transitioning into managed care from fee-for-service.
States already using managed care are expanding coverage
to high-acuity populations, other currently unmanaged
populations and new programs. As we have shown over
the past several years, we have been highly successful at
winning and expanding our presence within existing
markets. However, while we remain proactive, Centene
will maintain a disciplined and prudent approach when
evaluating all opportunities.
Critical to Centene’s growth strategy is our ability to
add services and programs that complement our core
strengths. Our specialty companies continue to play an
important role in expanding and diversifying our business,
contributing to external sales growth as well as improving
the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of our health plan
operations. From 2011 to 2012, total premium and service
revenue from our specialty business grew 71.9%. Early in
2013, we announced that we signed a definitive agreement
to acquire AcariaHealth, a comprehensive specialty
pharmacy company. Specialty pharmacy is a vital
component in the overall health delivery model at Centene
and will continue to grow as a percentage of our overall
medical expense, particularly as it relates to the
management of complex diseases in our higher acuity
members. This strategic acquisition will enhance our suite
of specialty services and improve how we manage
conditions including Hepatitis C, Hemophilia, Multiple
Sclerosis, Rheumatoid Arthritis and Oncology. Adding the
capabilities of AcariaHealth to our portfolio furthers our
goal of developing more integrated solutions which drive
better health outcomes for our members.
As 2012 drew to a close, I began elaborating upon our
existing business and new business operations. Existing
businesses are defined primarily as state markets or
significant geographic expansion in an existing state or
product, that we have managed for four complete quarters.
New businesses are primarily new state markets or
significant geographic expansion in an existing state or
product, that we have managed for fewer than four
complete quarters.
As illustrated, we have an increasing percentage of our total
premium and revenues associated with new businesses in
2012 compared to 2011. New businesses represented
approximately 35% of our total premium and service
revenues in the fourth quarter of 2012. This is a result of
the success we have had executing our growth strategy.
However, new businesses also have an HBR that is
significantly higher. This means, as we have historically
stated, that when managing new businesses, it takes time
to achieve normalized operating margins.
In closing, Centene has had a year full of growth, industry
changes and our own preparation for the evolving
healthcare industry. We feel we are in a strong position to
benefit from the significant market opportunities that lie
ahead. We believe our experience, innovative approach,
dynamic leadership and solid infrastructure position
Centene for success as we enter this new era of healthcare.
Sincerely,
MICHAEL F. NEIDORFF