As we look back on 2009 and ahead
into 2010, we are encouraged by how
Centene has been able to weather
a tumultuous environment in our
sector, yet still move forward in a
strong competitive position to grow
our business.
The year 2009 was one of accomplishment, innovation, and differentiation for Centene in what was a
challenging U.S. economy. The global
financial restructuring that began in
the wake of the economic crisis
of 2008 continued throughout 2009.
States faced lower tax revenues
and severe budget deficits, higher
unemployment rates and expanding
Medicaid, uninsured and underinsured
populations.
Consequently, Centene’s quality
and cost-effective programs have
become increasingly important to
both existing and potential state
customers. Our managed care solutions help states to improve health
outcomes for the beneficiaries of
their government-sponsored pro-
grams by using their severely limited budget resources as effectively
as possible. There is a growing
recognition among them of the
effectiveness of managed care solutions, and the suite of services that
Centene provides.
In this regard, we would highlight a
couple of accomplishments:
• In November 2009, Centene was
chosen as one of two participants
in the new Mississippi managed
Medicaid initiative, which is
expected to commence in 2010.
We feel the inclusion of Foster
Care in the Mississippi contract
demonstrates the success and
effectiveness of one of our most
innovative products, first launched
by Centene in Texas in 2008. Our
Foster Care Program coordinates
care for foster children through
a constantly updated, electronic
community health record known
as a “Health Passport.”
• We are currently the first national
managed care organization (MCO)
to have experience with a state
“exchange” through our successful
partnership with the Massachusetts
Health Connector Authority,
which began in 2009. We offer
cost-effective coverage solutions
for low-income and other formerly
uninsured and under-insured
populations through CeltiCare
Health Plan of Massachusetts
(CeltiCare). This unique experience
is likely to open up opportunities
in other states that may seek to
expand health access to vulnerable populations in a coordinated
fashion.
• We successfully managed the H1N1
influenza outbreak in 2009, with the
help of
Fluvention
TM, a proprietary
program, and other medical management tools, even as other
industry participants were caught
off-guard and unprepared. Despite
spending $16 million more on
flu-related expenditures in 2009
than in 2008, we were able to
achieve offsets in other medical
cost categories, such as inpatient
hospital stays, as well as General
and Administrative (G&A) lever-
age to reach the high-end of our
earnings-per-share guidance.
Financial Highlights
During 2009, total revenues from
continuing operations increased
21.9 percent to $4.1 billion from
$3.4 billion in 2008. We met our
financial goals, but quarterly shareholder value disappointed us as it
was greatly influenced by headline
volatility. Premium and service
revenues, which exclude premium
taxes, increased 18.4 percent to
$3.9 billion from $3.3 billion in 2008.
Diluted earnings per share attributable to Centene Corporation from
continuing operations for 2009 were
$1.94, compared to $1.90 for the
prior year. The underlying operating earnings growth in 2009 was
obscured by two non-recurring
items in 2008: a $0.28 per diluted
share benefit recorded in 2008 from
the 2007 retroactive Georgia rate
increase and a $0.06 per diluted share
expense due to a write-down of our
investment in the Reserve Primary
Fund. At year-end, we had 1.46 million at-risk members, representing
membership growth of 21.7 percent
over 2008. Operating cash flows were
strong in 2009 at $248 million, representing 2.9 times net earnings. At
December 31, 2009, we had cash and
investments of $986.1 million, including $949.9 million held by regulated
entities and $36.2 million held by
unregulated entities. Our 2009 Health
Benefits Ratio increased 100 basis
points compared to 2008, primarily
due to higher flu costs and a reduction in our Texas CHIP/Perinate rates
that better aligned them with our cost
trends – which were partially offset
by continued improvement in our
Aged, Blind or Disabled (ABD)
population, especially in Ohio.
We reduced our G&A ratio during
2009 by 30 basis points compared to
2008 as our infrastructure investments allowed for better leverage.
We expect to further reduce the G&A
ratio in 2010 by at least 50 additional
basis points despite the offsetting
impact of Mississippi start-up costs.
Further G&A reduction beyond 2010
remains a top priority and our on-
going systems investments should
enable us to accomplish this goal.
Our investment and other income for
2009 decreased $6 million from 2008,
to $15.7 million, primarily reflecting
lower average interest rates in 2009
and the consolidation of our interest
in Access Health Solutions, which
was previously reported under the
equity method of accounting through
which our portion of their income
was recorded as other income in the
statement of operations.
We estimate our risk-based capital
percentage to be approximately
347 percent of the authorized control
level. We remain prudent and continue to apply consistent reserving
methodologies. Days in claims
payable were higher than normal in
the fourth quarter of 2009 reflecting
the holiday schedule during the last
two weeks of December 2009. We are
now including pharmacy payables in
the days in claims payable calcula-
tions and have reclassified prior peri-
ods to reflect this. We expect the days
in claims payable number to decline
in 2010 due to anticipated faster cycle
times, but still stay within the 45-50
day range.
Multifaceted
Growth Strategy
Centene’s at-risk membership grew
across all of our states in 2009 as
we expanded our presence through
organic growth, acquisitions and
new product offerings.
On February 1, 2009, we began
converting non-risk managed care
membership in Florida from our
Access Health Solutions affiliate
to our wholly-owned subsidiary,
Sunshine State Health Plan
(Sunshine Health), on an at-risk
basis. At year-end, we served
102,600 Sunshine Health members
on an at-risk basis while Access
served 59,700 members on a non-
risk basis. We continue to work
with the state in ensuring the efficiency of these conversions.
We also continued to grow our
membership in our South Carolina
subsidiary, Absolute Total Care,
throughout 2009. Effective March 1,
2009, we acquired certain assets
of Amerigroup’s South Carolina
subsidiary and subsequently added
14,000 members to our existing base.
We ended 2009 with
48,600 members
in South Carolina. Consistent with
our strategy to effectively and prudently deploy capital to grow our
business, we announced a definitive
agreement in February 2010 to
acquire Columbia-based Carolina
Crescent Health Plan from University
Health Services. Carolina Crescent
Health Plan is South Carolina’s
largest non-profit Medicaid managed
care organization, serving more than
40,000 Medicaid members in 46 counties across the state. The acquisition
is anticipated to bring our total South
Carolina membership to approxi-
mately 90,000, or 13 percent of the
state’s eligible Medicaid population.
With this acquisition, we will be
able to reach our previously stated
goal of growing the South Carolina
plan to cover between 10-15 percent
of the state’s eligible Medicaid population. We expect this transaction
to close in mid-year of 2010, subject
to approval from state regulators,
and be accretive in 2010
On July 1, 2009, we commenced
operations in Massachusetts as we
began serving Commonwealth Care
members through our CeltiCare
subsidiary. This program is for low income working adults up to 300
percent of the Federal Poverty Level
(FPL) who are not eligible for
Medicaid or employer-sponsored
insurance. On October 1, 2009,
CeltiCare began managing the health
program for legal immigrants in
the Commonwealth Care Bridge
program. As of December 31, 2009,
we served 27,800 members in the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Additionally, in April 2010, we
expect to begin providing services
to Commonwealth Choice members,
targeting individuals, families and
small groups who do not qualify
for public health programs
such as Medicaid, Medicare or
Commonwealth Care.
Participation in these programs and
the unique, state-based “exchange”
experience have allowed us to participate in reform discussions, gain
experience with the uninsured
market and explore similar opportunities in other states. We feel our
ability to commence operations in
Massachusetts in 2009 validated
our strategic rationale for the Celtic
Insurance Company acquisition in
2008 – as it gave us the individual
health insurance skill-set we needed
to help the Massachusetts Health
Connector Authority expand access
to health coverage cost-effectively.
In November 2009, we were chosen
as one of two Coordinated Care
Organizations to participate in
the MississippiCAN program for
Mississippi Medicaid beneficiaries.
In addition to including traditional
Medicaid beneficiaries, this program
also includes ABD and Foster Care –
two under-penetrated markets where
we expect to drive future growth in
both Mississippi and other states.
Prudent Capital
Deployment
In order for us to be a strong and
reliable partner for our state customers, we must be prudent bal-
ance sheet managers with a focus
on liquidity and capital adequacy. A
strong balance sheet enhances our
ability to pursue M&A opportunities
and new state contracts. Consistent
with this philosophy, we made a
strong balance sheet even stronger
by raising $104.5 million in January
2010 in a follow-on equity offering.
The proceeds have allowed us to
pay down our $300 million revolving
credit facility to a point where the
full amount is available and accordingly reduced our debt-to-capital
ratio from a percentage base in the
low 30s to the mid 20s. In accordance
with our selective and disciplined
approach toward growth opportunities, this offering has provided us
with the additional flexibility to move
quickly to take advantage of acquisition targets, such as Carolina
Crescent Health, that meet our strict
accretion and return criteria.
The sale on March 1, 2010, of our
New Jersey operations (classified
as discontinued operations in our
financial statements) offers further
evidence of our strategic priority
to efficiently deploy capital. Our
disciplined market share strategy
for New Jersey to gain critical mass
was not being realized at the level
of financial and operational efficiency
necessary to further cultivate it as a
long-term market.
Ongoing Medical
Management System
Enhancements
During 2009, we continued our effort
to modernize and streamline our
systems infrastructure. Our ongoing
development of a new medical
management system, which we will
begin to deploy in 2010, is focused
on supporting Centene’s growth,
improving health outcomes and
reducing costs. Upgrades to our
core financial system have been
completed, and we are nearing completion of our claims processing
system upgrades. Most recently, we
rolled out real-time intelligence and
analytic tools, including a desktop
executive dashboard, which is
updated daily to provide early warning of adverse trends, claims drill down for a quick analysis of clinical,
financial or operating issues, and
predictive modeling. We believe
these largely proprietary tools have
contributed to the successful management of medical costs in a year
affected by unusually elevated flu
costs. We are integrating these various capabilities and are expanding
their application in an effort to provide better and more timely informa-
tion to our providers and members. 
A Strong and Growing Management Team
In order to maintain our growth and
ensure profitability, Centene has
continued its focus on attracting
outstanding individuals, as well as
drawing upon the depth of our senior management team. Accordingly,
we supported a number of lateral
moves and significant promotions
within our organization, as well as
an injection of fresh ideas through
recruitment of new talent.
William N. Scheffel, who joined the
company as Senior Vice President
and Corporate Controller in
December 2003, was appointed
Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer in
May 2009. Mr. Scheffel was most
recently Executive Vice President
and leader of Centene’s Specialty
Business Unit, which he has headed
since May 2005. Prior to joining
Centene, he spent more than 28 years
at financial and accounting firms
Ernst & Young and Arthur Andersen,
having been a Partner at both firms.
Assuming Mr. Scheffel’s previous
leadership role is Jason M. Harrold,
newly appointed Senior Vice
President, Specialty Business
Unit. Mr. Harrold joins Centene’s
senior management team from one
of our specialty companies, having
served as President and CEO of
OptiCare Managed Vision, Inc. Mr. Harrold worked at OptiCare for
13 years. David M. Lavely, O.D.,
replaces Mr. Harrold as President
and CEO of OptiCare Managed
Vision. Dr. Lavely has been with
OptiCare for more than 15 years,
serving in a number of roles
with increasing responsibility.
Most recently, he was Senior Vice
President of Business Development
for the company.
In addition, CeltiCare announced the
appointment of Richard D. Lynch as
Plan President and Chief Executive
Officer, effective May 1, 2009. Mr.
Lynch has an extensive background
in health plan senior management
roles with an emphasis on network
development, contracting, pharmacy
benefit management and medical
management. Most recently, Mr.
Lynch was Vice President, Health
Care Management, of WellPoint’s
northeast region. He also served as
Vice President, Network Management
and Operations, for Tufts Health Plan
in Massachusetts.
Expanding our areas of expertise,
we are pleased to welcome Toni
Simonetti to the newly created position of Senior Vice President, Public
Affairs. As a corporate communications professional with more than 20
years of experience – most recently
as chief communications officer of
GMAC, a financial services company
– she will lead Centene’s newly realigned Corporate Marketing and
Communications Department, as
well as develop an integrated public
relations program for the Company
and its subsidiaries.
A Long Runway Ahead
The realignment of the Medicaid
managed care industry that is
currently underway is expected to
continue in 2010, with even tighter
state budgets and uncertainty
surrounding healthcare reform and
levels of federal stimulus relief.
States continue to have a need for
our products and services, and
we expect to continue to meet the
needs of our current and future
state customers. Centene believes
it is well prepared and continues
to believe that the diversity of our
multi-line
strategy has positioned us
to operate effectively regardless of
possible federal health reform outcomes. We are confident in our ability
to help states successfully maneuver
through these difficult economic
times while producing consistent and
adequate returns for our investors.
Centene remains an agile and
resilient company with a business
model that is designed to grow in
both good and bad economic times.
We remain committed to our state
partners and to maintaining a prudent and selective approach to our
current and prospective business
endeavors. As we look to the future,
we see a long runway ahead of
us with an abundance of growth
opportunities. We look forward to
continuing our success in 2010 and
beyond while remaining dedicated
to our mission – producing better
health outcomes at lower costs.
Thank you for your support and
interest in our company.
Sincerely,
Michael F. Neidorff