2
Letter to Stockholders
The year 2006 was one marked by noteworthy successes and significant challenges. Throughout, we remained disciplined and focused on building a successful multi-line healthcare enterprise to provide healthcare with dignity for our members.
Highlighting Our Successes
In 2006, our core business of providing healthcare to Medicaid recipients was strong. We won impor- tant new contracts and expanded operations
in several states where we operate. We also con- cluded several acquisi-
its Medicaid program, we were selected to serve the East Central and the Northwest markets, expanding our coverage from three to 27 coun- ties and by year-end covered a total of 109,200 members. We were also awarded the contract to serve Ohio’s Aged, Blind or Disabled, or ABD, population to provide services to members in four regions, representing expected annual revenue of $250 million.
In Texas, as a result of the state’s re-procurement process, we won the Corpus Christi service area,
tions and won contract awards in our specialty companies group, leading to strong growth in this segment. We surpassed $2 billion in revenue, a 51% increase over 2005, and served 1.3 million members at year-end,
an increase of 45%; we are very proud of these achievements. Operating cash flow was robust
“Every day you may make progress. Every step may be fruitful. Yet there will stretch out before you an ever-lengthening, ever- ascending, ever-improving path. You know you will never get to the end of the journey. But this, so far from discouraging, only adds to the joy and glory of the climb.”
at $195.0 million and
our balance sheet had
$508.7 million in cash
and investments, of which
$28.9 million is free from
state regulatory require-
ments. We increased our
credit facility to $300 million while maintaining a conservative capitalization structure.
We entered our newest state, Georgia, through our Peach State Health Plan subsidiary. Our year-end 2006 membership in Georgia reached 308,800, a number well-above our growth expectations at this stage, representing a business with anticipated annual revenue exceeding $600 million.
Additionally, there were several notable achi- evements in our existing states in 2006. In Ohio, as part of the state’s efforts to regionalize
Rt. Hon. Winston Churchill
expanding our Medicaid (State of Texas Access Reform or STAR) and Children’s Health Insu- rance Program (CHIP) offerings into this market. Additionally, we were awarded a contract
to serve the Texas STAR+PLUS (SSI) population and entered this market in February 2007. During the year, the state of Indiana completed its Request for Proposal (RFP) process and our sub- sidiary, Managed Health Services (MHS), was awarded the statewide Medicaid contract to
manage a portion of the approximately 535,000 eligible Hoosier Healthwise members. The con- tract was effective January 1, 2007. To appropri- ately manage our medical costs in the Indiana market, we re-contracted with network doctors using a prudent and disciplined approach, with a focus on maximizing profitability.
Within our specialty services segment, there
has been substantial progress. Several acquisitions completed during the year augmented our product offerings, giving us an expanded suite of services that can be offered to meet the needs of our members and outside customers. Specifically, we added OptiCare, a vision benefits

manager, and Cardium Health Services, an innovator in chronic disease management, thereby complementing our existing capabilities. US Script, our pharmacy benefits manager (PBM), which we acquired in January 2006, is providing a more efficient and cost-effective means to bring pharmaceuticals to our members. By creating a mosaic of specialty companies, we’re also able to take advantage of how our services can work together
Intensive Care Unit (NICU), increases in physi- cian and injectible costs, and inpatient bed days. As a result, we undertook a number of specific medical management initiatives includ- ing a thorough line item-by-line item review of our internal practices and procedures. Through these efforts, we identified issues that contributed to the various increases. We also made some organizational changes in an effort to overcome
and address the weaknesses. In the second half of the year, our cost trends were in line with our expectations, which we believe is an indication that we have substantially addressed and overcome
the issues.
A significant disappointment was the loss of our contract to serve Medicaid recipients in the state of Kansas. Addition- ally, and independent of the Kansas situation, we elected to sell our Missouri health plan to HealthCare USA of Missouri due to the state’s less than favorable disposi- tion towards Medicaid. As a result of these events, we
and leverage the benefits to our members. By joining US Script with ScriptAssist (our existing treatment compliance program), we believe we’ve created a powerful one-two combination that addresses the unique needs of the ABD pop- ulation. These members often face secondary diagnoses, such as behavioral conditions, that require strict adherence to a prescriptive plan. We believe our approach is more beneficial to ABD members and is a posi- tive reflection of our integrated approach to providing access to necessary healthcare services.
Michael F. Neidorff
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 Through our Bridgeway Health
Solutions subsidiary, we won two managed care program contracts in the state of Arizona to provide long-term care services to low-income elderly and physically disabled members in the geographic service areas of Maricopa, the largest service area with 13,800 total eligible recipients, and Yuma/La Paz counties, where we were selected as the sole source provider.
Facing Our Challenges
During the year, we also confronted and addressed several issues that impacted our 2006 operations. Our medical costs in the first half of 2006 were higher than expected. This was largely attributable to increases in maternity-related cases, including Neonatal
recorded $94.5 million of pre-tax charges for intangible asset impairment and costs to exit Kansas and Missouri.
Striving For Operational Excellence
During 2006, we reviewed and strengthened many of our operational systems in order to identify deficiencies and implement necessary corrective actions to reduce the possibility of future adverse developments. We also made enhancements to our information systems in an effort to continue to pay our providers in a timely fashion while achieving an optimal days- in-claims-payable metric in the range of 40-45. As we enter 2007 we are building on the efforts that we put in place with focused priorities, including a strong emphasis on managing medical costs,
3

leveraging our G&A and increasing profitability. Additionally, we will seek to identify new oppor- tunities for growth and remain disciplined in our efforts to expand.
Focus On People
We continue to focus on building our organiza- tion in order to capture and prepare for growth opportunities. During 2006, we welcomed several new seasoned executives to our management team, including Keith H. Williamson, to the newly created corporate position of Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel, and Patricia A. Liebman as Plan President and CEO of our Indiana subsidiary
to oversee health plan operations, including Compliance and Contracting.
Richard Gephardt, former Majority Leader of the U.S. House of Representatives, joined our Board of Directors. Mr. Gephardt is a nationally recognized leader with a demonstrated commit- ment to addressing the multitude of healthcare issues facing Americans.
Our succession planning efforts have allowed several members of our senior staff to rotate into different corporate roles to gain new experience and diversify their knowledge of the Company.
A Solution For Healthcare
We continue to focus on the challenges facing our nation’s healthcare system – such as increasing costs and accessible coverage for the nearly 47 million uninsured Americans.
States will continue to demand cost-effective solutions to meet the needs of their Medicaid recipients and the uninsured. Our commitment to provide cost-effective, quality healthcare is
intact, and as an industry leader, we embrace this challenge to deliver healthcare for our members and potentially other populations.
A Look Ahead
As we enter 2007, we have identified several priorities by which to grow our business. We are stronger organizationally as a result of the challenges that we faced during 2006. In spite of the loss of Kansas, our revenue is estimated to increase at least 20% in 2007, demonstrating the vitality and visibility of our organization. We will continue to leverage our strengths in our core Medicaid business where we primarily serve the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) and SCHIP populations.
We will also strive to succeed in product-specific market segments, such as the ABD population where we have several new contracts. We will also continue to identify attractive opportunities to enter new markets and make appropriate acquisitions.
In closing, we have demonstrated the ability to work through challenges and will remain disci- plined in managing our costs. I am confident that we have the capability to continue our journey in “Reaching for the Summit.” I would like to thank our employees for their steadfast commitment to achieving our objectives and our shareholders for their continuing support and investment.
Sincerely,
Michael F. Neidorff
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 4
Reproduced with permission of Curtis Brown Ltd, London on behalf of The Estate of Winston Churchill Copyright Winston S. Churchill
