 Letter to our stockholders
Dear Stockholders,
The year 2003 was a rewarding one for Centene. It was high- lighted by many significant accomplishments that resulted in increased shareholder value. We achieved our financial and corporate objectives while continuing to fulfill our goal of helping to provide healthcare to uninsured Americans, all of whom are entitled to receive quality care. Earlier this year, we adopted a theme of “Reaching for the Summit,” realizing that each step in the never-ending ascent requires commitment, focus and a solid foundation. Over the next three years, our annual reports will emphasize reporting the steps taken and plateaus reached in our ascent towards becoming and being recognized as a “first quartile” com- pany.
Our objective is to build a multi-line Medicaid and specialty services company. We will continue to strive towards cover- ing more recipients, working as a partner to the states in which we operate to provide ongoing quality outcomes and demonstrated cost savings.
Our 2003 financial results were strong, marked by our eighteenth consecutive quarter of increased profitability, with an increase in revenue of 66.8% to $769.7 million; operating cash flow reached $56 million, a 41.2% increase year over year. Our balance sheet remains healthy with $284.7 million in cash and investments.
We also achieved notable membership growth during 2003, closing the year with 489,600 members, an increase of 19.5%, of which 15.3% was organic growth and 4.2% was from acquisitions. Through important acquisitions and alliances, we expanded our presence by entering several new markets during the year. We increased our already strong membership base in Texas by acquiring the Medicaid- related assets of HMO Blue Texas in San Antonio, and exercised the option to purchase the remaining 20% of University Health Plans in New Jersey, where we today serve approximately 54,000 lives. With access to over 800,000 Medicaid lives in New Jersey, we are confident about the opportunities for future organic expansion in this market. Additionally, we entered our fifth mandated Medicaid state, Ohio, which has an eligible population of approximately 1.2 million lives and significant opportunities to achieve organic growth. We now operate in five mandated states: Indiana, New Jersey, Ohio, Texas and Wisconsin.
Medicaid managed care is a growing category, with govern- ment spending estimates increasing to over $400 billion by 2007 from the 2003 current level of $270 billion. The majority of our 489,600 members are in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families population (TANF), 14% in State Children’s Health Insurance Programs (SCHIP) and 2%

  >>>
represents our initial entry into the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) program.
Despite recurring headlines that states face ongoing budget issues, Centene continues to grow as we demonstrate cost- effective ways for states to serve the healthcare needs of their recipients. Based on data from the National Conference of State Legislatures, state budgets are rebounding from 2003 levels, with the preponderance of data supporting that the states are in much stronger financial positions than in 2002. A number of states that previously had plans to cut eligibility are finding ways to keep eligibility intact or to restore funding to various programs, including SCHIP and SSI. Furthermore, in 2003, Congress passed, and President Bush signed, legisla- tion that provided approximately $20 billion in fiscal relief for states. Ten billion dollars of this funding came through increases in the federal Medicaid matching rate for the period April 2003 to June 2004, and $10 billion through fiscal relief grants covering fiscal years 2003 and 2004.
We remain an integral part of the solution to identify ways to help states continue to enroll patients in Medicaid man- aged care versus more expensive fee-for-service alternatives.
>>>
In the interest of providing leadership, we have offered our states model programs that outline potential cost savings. For example, one state has a $4 billion Medicaid budget, of which $1.4 billion is the state’s share, and has 800,000 eligi- ble members. The estimated savings to this state could exceed $350 million, by making adjustments such as utilizing mandatory generic drug substitutions, piloting one or more pharmaceutical partnerships and other benefit changes.
Additionally, in 2003, we initiated a process to provide annual report cards to our states to give them measurable performance data, such as utilization and outcome statistics, and to demonstrate the fiscal impact of our initiatives and programs in our markets.
Importantly, in 2003, we set the foundation for building a multi-line, Medicaid-focused specialty platform, which will initially concentrate on three areas: behavioral health, dis- ease management and utilization management. Typically 40% of the SSI population’s treatment costs are directly related to behavioral health. We believe that we can partner with the states to move more of these patients into managed Medicaid programs and produce demonstrated cost savings through a more comprehensive coordination of care. In addition to working with the states, our specialty businesses
  3

will offer programs to other health plans and providers. We believe this strategy will further enhance positive outcomes for our members and the predictability of our business model.
As we enter 2004, our strategy remains focused on three key areas: pursuit of organic growth, expansion into new or existing markets through acquisitions or de novo start-ups, and the building of a multi-line company through diversi- fication into specialty products and services. There are a number of compelling opportunities to make attractive acquisitions, yet we remain disciplined and targeted in our selection and approach. Our acquisition criteria continue to focus on transactions that will be accretive within the first 12 months and in mandated markets where we can expand our existing footprint or enter a new state. Twenty-four of the current 37 mandated states are attractive to us.
To support our future growth, we significantly strengthened our management team in 2003 through a number of appointments to our senior staff in the specialty health seg- ment, and through additions to our finance and accounting team. These appointments ensure that we will be able to meet the requirements of an evolving and growing organi- zation, and will be critical to our ability to execute upon and achieve the next phase of our growth.
Our move to the NYSE, three-for-two stock split and $81 million equity offering for 3.5 million shares were all part of a pre-determined plan to reach our growth objectives. We will make additional strategic financial decisions as appropriate.
Importantly, I would like to thank our employees for their ongoing commitment, dedication and continued contribu- tions to Centene.
In closing, we look forward to maintaining growth, building the organization, leading in transparency of information to stockholders and providing an alternative to other managed care models. We will be relentless in our never- ending pursuit of “Reaching for the Summit.”
Sincerely,
MICHAEL F. NEIDORFF
President and Chief Executive Officer
   