The Year
2016 was a transformational year
strategically and very successful financially.
The successful closing of the Health Net
acquisition on March 24, and the full integration
of the companies’ culture, management and
business systems helped to achieve record
growth in sales and profits, moving us into the
large cap territory of companies. It also gave
Centene important critical mass
Strong financial results, as well as investments in people, capabilities and technology
have led us to consistently deliver strong performance with an industry-leading growth
rate. Our subsidiaries and suite of products continue to generate great opportunities.
We have added and expanded contracts in existing markets, grown geographically,
acquired new business, and added new capabilities and offerings.
At the conclusion of
2016
, Centene was the largest Medicaid managed care organization
in the country, and a leader in three of the largest Medicaid states: California, Florida
and Texas. We were also the largest provider of managed Long-Term Services and
Supports, which is one of the fastest growing segments in the managed care market.
Our support for both the TRICARE and Veterans Choice programs has positioned Centene
as one of the nation’s largest providers of managed care services for military families
and veterans.
We ended 2016 as a $40.6
billion, multi-national enterprise, reporting 78
percent growth in total revenues, 18 percent growth
in diluted earnings per share and
41 percent growth in adjusted
diluted earnings per share, year over year. Our membership grew
124 percent to more than 11.4 million beneficiaries across
24 states in the U.S.
We were ranked number
124 on the Fortune 500 list of largest U.S.
corporations by revenue, advancing our position by
62 spots over
the previous year. And, were listed at number
470 on the Fortune Global 500 list. Additionally, we moved into the S&P
500 index, which was a milestone for Centene. The ranking widened our
investor base and helped increase the liquidity of our stock.
Another important metric, total shareholder return, was adversely
effected by concerns about what impact the election outcome
would have on our government sponsored healthcare programs.
Subsequently, we were able to reassure investors that the
company has a record of adapting, as necessary, to changing
government service programs.
that to successfully operate across multi-state service areas,
it is essential to have the ability to access, and more importantly,
interpret data. We collect and store the clinical and financial data
from all of our health plans through Centelligence, our proprietary
data analytics platform. This allows for the seamless flow of
information across the enterprise. ?
Centene’s competitive advantage also rests in the fact that we
have more than 30 years of experience in operating governmentsponsored healthcare programs. We know that each state is unique
and that healthcare is best delivered locally. Our local approach
enables us to provide accessible, high-quality, culturally sensitive
services to our members. It also creates and maintains jobs in local
markets, stimulates local economic growth and can address
healthcare challenges specific to each state. A VIEW TOWARD THE FUTURE
The need for high-quality, affordable healthcare is ever
increasing. We have a history of successfully partnering with
states to provide budget predictability and measurable return
on investment — while also providing market-specific solutions
for improving health care outcomes. We have also demonstrated
our agility, and have grown in both capacity and capability,
to successfully navigate industry changes to the benefit of
our members, customers and shareholders.
The accomplishments we realized in 2016 exemplify the kind
of steady growth and successes we have seen over the past
decades. This is a testament to the work of Centene’s more than
30,500 employees. Together, we have demonstrated our ability to
execute on our growth strategies with discipline and agility, while
remaining committed to our purpose to transform the health of
the community one person at a time. We are confident that we
have the scale, networks, expertise, systems and infrastructure
in place to ensure a successful future.
MICHAEL F. NEIDORFF
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer