 CNO Financial Group 2011 Annual Report
 To Our Shareholders:
CNO Financial Group had another year of major accomplishments and transitions in 2011, backed by growth in our financial strength, credit profile and earnings power.
With the retirement of Jim Prieur last year, a partner with me in leading and transforming our company, and my assuming the role of chief executive officer, the transition can be characterized as “same book, new chapter.” Our vision remains unchanged as a company that is defined by its marketplace, not by its set of products, in helping to provide financial security for middle-income Americans.
We had a year of achievements, in which we were pleased to report our third consecutive full year of profitable growth. All three of our core businesses again grew and performed well, and late in the year we completed another step in our re-branding process with the re-naming of the home to the Indiana Pacers as Bankers Life Fieldhouse, representing our most significant consumer brand.
In addition to our growth in financial strength, we continued to generate considerable cash flow and excess capital during the year. Our progress is being recognized: CNO received several rating agency upgrades during the period.
Edward J. Bonach Chief Executive Officer
We also began this year on a strong note with the naming of Fred Crawford to our executive team. Fred brings great experience and credibility as chief financial officer, and his joining is a confirmation of the strength, position and opportunity we have at CNO.
Our Financial Performance
CNO again delivered strong earnings and growth in 2011. Our three actively marketed businesses all performed well as sales momentum grew, with new annualized premium increasing by six percent in the fourth quarter and by two percent for the year. In the Other CNO Business (OCB) segment, consisting mainly of closed blocks of business, liabilities continue to run off in line with expectations.
Total new annualized premium, excluding prescription drug program premium (PDP), was $375 million, compared to $366 million in the prior year.
For the full year, we reported net income of $383 million, or $1.31 per diluted share, compared to net income of $285 million, or 99 cents per diluted share, in 2010.
On an operating income basis, we reported $216 million, or 76 cents per diluted share, compared to $182 million, or 65 cents per diluted share, in the prior year.
3

 CNO continued to generate significant amounts of excess capital
and our financial strength improved further, as we delivered robust statutory earnings and cash flow, and effectively deployed capital. Our capital position, which we expect to continue to increase, is strong, with excess capital above management’s targets totaling $140 million as of December 31, 2011.
Our consolidated statutory risk-based capital increased 26 percentage points during the year to 358 percent, and unrestricted cash and investments held at the holding company increased by nearly $42 million to $203 million. Notably, our debt-to-total-capital ratio reduced further to 17.1 percent, we bought back $70 million of our common stock and our operating return on equity measure increased to 6.4 percent, benefiting from both earnings performance and capital management.
The ratings agencies also have recognized our performance with several upgrades in the last year and a half.
Our Business Performance
2011 was another strong year for our core, actively marketed, businesses. We continued to build our distribution platforms, grow our agent forces and develop initiatives to improve productivity and operating synergies across our three main segments.
At Bankers Life, our career distribution channel, total new annualized premium, excluding PDP, was $246 million compared with $245 million in 2010, while pre-tax operating income was $327 million, compared with $284 million in the prior year.
With a focus on the pre- and post-retiree middle market that differentiates us from the competition, Bankers Life is well positioned for the tremendous growth now occurring. We are targeting investments to expand our reach and grow our agent force, and were pleased to report that our branch expansion initiative resulted in the addition of 15 new locations last year. Recruiting results also were strong, fueling an overall increase in our agent force by 11 percent to nearly 5,000 agents.
We continue to seek appropriate opportunities to elevate our brand presence, such as our re-naming of the nationally known home of the Indiana Pacers to Bankers Life Fieldhouse.
At Washington National, our independent distribution channel, total new annualized premium rose to $78 million from $75 million in 2010, and reported pre-tax operating earnings was $99 million, compared with $105 million in the prior year.
Operating Income (in millions)
$182
2009 2010 2011
 $165
$216
    Net Income (in millions)
$285
2009 2010 2011
New Annualized Premium (in millions)
$383
  $86
  $386
$366
$375
   4
2009 2010 2011

Washington National successfully expanded its individual and worksite businesses during the year, through its Washington National Insurance Company independent and Performance Matters Associates (PMAUSA) agency sales channels. Sales growth in both channels was driven by an increase in the agent forces and by increased product availability.
At Colonial Penn, our direct distribution channel, total new annualized premium increased to $51 million from $46 million in the prior year. Pre-tax operating earnings at Colonial Penn were $27 million in both 2011 and 2010. In addition to the 11 percent year-over-year rise in sales, lead generation increased 25 percent over 2010 as marketing efforts were increased. Colonial Penn also is planning the test of new product offerings in the coming year that will extend its direct response model.
Our OCB segment reported pre-tax operating income of $13 million for 2011, compared to a loss of $12 million in the prior year. OCB was formed to provide increased transparency of results and focused attention on certain legacy blocks of business. We continue to apply a deliberate approach in areas such as non-guaranteed element management, expense management and risk mitigation, which is showing results.
Our Leadership
CNO’s ability to attract, retain and promote great people remains a significant strength of our company. Our success in filling a number of key positions, both through new hires and appointment of top internal talent, has been strongly evident again.
Of significance during the year, Scott Perry was promoted to chief operating officer of CNO, while continuing in
his role as president of Bankers Life. Early in 2012, Fred Crawford joined the company as executive vice president and chief financial officer, a role he held previously at Lincoln Financial Group, where most recently he was head and executive vice president of corporate development and investments.
We were also pleased to welcome two new members
of the board in 2011, both of whom bring considerable
insurance industry background and experience to our company. Joining as directors were Fred Sievert, the retired president of New York Life Insurance Company, and Bob Greving, retired executive vice president, chief financial officer and chief actuary for Unum Group. Furthermore, Neal Schneider assumed the role as chairman of our board.
Our Industry’s Value Proposition
The U.S. life insurance industry serves a noble purpose that has for 253 years helped policyholders and their beneficiaries in their time of need. We have helped them achieve their financial security goals, bringing peace of mind in various ways.
The life insurance industry has earned the trust of its policyholders because of the commitments it delivers. The Social Security Administration, which provides the much-needed government safety net for America’s retirees, pays out $1.9 billion every day, while the life insurance industry every day pays $1.5 billion.
Looking Ahead
We have great confidence in our company’s future. CNO has a compelling value proposition, with a track record of growth and above-average growth potential ahead. We are a company defined by our market, not our set of products, and it is a market that is underserved and expanding rapidly as the Baby Boom generation turns 65. It also is a market in which we have great expertise, providing us with a sustainable competitive advantage given our ability to serve our customers through our three distinct channels.
Not to be underestimated, a significant part of our confidence in our vision arises from the dedication that all of our associates, our leadership and our board of directors have to its success.
Edward J. Bonach
Chief Executive Officer
CNO Financial Group 2011 Annual Report
 5
