  C. James Prieur
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders:
The comprehensive transformation of CNO Financial Group continued on many fronts in 2010.
Following last year’s re-branding initiative, we have developed our strategy to create an investor brand, CNO Financial Group, and separate brands for each of our three distribution channels: Bankers Life, Washington National and Colonial Penn. Our corporate results, our key measures of financial strength and the performance of our core businesses all have improved, as we even more clearly focused on serving our customers’ needs.
We were pleased to report our second consecutive full year of profitable growth, as we closed the year with a strong fourth quarter performance. We also are pleased to report that our operating earnings have become much more stable, and we are generating greater earnings and cash flow. We completed a debt refinancing program late in the year, which extended the maturity of our debt and provided us with more financial flexibility.
Measures of capital and liquidity also have significantly improved, with a rise in our risk-based capital ratio and decline in our debt-to-capital ratio. Importantly, the improvements at CNO are being recognized, and late in 2010, the company received upgrades from three major rating agencies.
Our top priority remains growing our three core businesses profitably. CNO is a market-driven company,
not a product-driven company, and we know our market well. CNO is defined by that market of middle-income working Americans and retirees. The demographics of our market are increasingly attractive, as the first of the Baby Boom generation became Medicare-eligible this year, while in the next decade, the number of people
65 years old and older will rise by 50 percent.
Financial Performance
CNO’s financial performance in 2010 reflected the fundamental transformation achieved over the past two years. These efforts have resulted in greater financial flexibility for the company to grow profitably, delivering another year where we reported four consecutive quarters of net income.
CNO reported earnings of $361 million before net realized investment gains, corporate interest, loss on extinguishment of debt, and taxes, up 7 percent over the prior year’s $337 million. Total new annualized premium, excluding private-fee-for-service (PFFS) and prescription drug program (PDP) premium, decreased 5 percent to $366 million, compared to $386 million in the prior year.
For the full year, we reported net income of $285 million, or 99 cents per diluted share, up 232 percent, compared to net income of $86 million, or 45 cents per diluted share, in the prior year. On an operating income basis,
we reported $182 million, or 65 cents per diluted share,
CNO Financial Group 3

 compared to $165 million, or 86 cents per diluted share, in the prior year.
Capital management again was a priority for CNO.
We successfully completed a $650 million refinancing
of senior secured notes and a senior secured credit facility, the proceeds of which were used to repay the prior senior secured credit facility. We extended our maturity profile by more than three years, with no significant payments due until 2016. Importantly, we succeeded in diversifying our sources of financing, and gained additional
financial flexibility.
CNO’s financial performance in
2010 reflected the fundamental transformation achieved over the past two years...delivering another year where we reported four consecutive quarters of net income.
Our strong statutory operating earnings gave rise to
a significant increase in our consolidated statutory risk- based capital ratio to 332 percent, an increase of 23 points from 309 percent at the end of the prior year. Our holding company liquidity also increased, rising to $161 million from $146 million during the year. CNO’s generation of statutory earnings and cash flow is in part due to the small amount of income taxes we pay because we have large tax loss carryforwards.
Significantly, the improved controls we established in 2009 continued to operate effectively during the year, and, as a result, the previous material weakness no longer existed as of year-end 2010.
Business Performance
Overall, our core businesses performed well again in 2010. At Bankers Life, our career distribution channel, total new annualized premium, excluding PFFS and PDP, was $245 million compared with $272 million in 2009, while pre-tax operating income was $284 million, compared with $278 million in 2009.
Bankers’ well-established career distribution model embodies a market-driven approach focused on the Boomer and retiree middle market that differentiates it from the competition. We continue to invest in Bankers’ growth, with the addition of 15 satellite offices planned this year, adding to our established branch network of 241 locations throughout the country. These local branches provide added value through personalized face-to-face service that is unmatched in the marketplace.
Bankers’ branches are supported by strong, centralized lead generation and training capabilities that allow our agents to access and serve our market. Through a needs- based process, and a full set of protection products, agents are able to identify customers’ concerns across the spectrum of health, life and retirement needs, and recommend products and services that meet those concerns.
At Colonial Penn, our direct distribution channel, total new annualized premium increased to $46 million from $42 million in the prior year. Pre-tax operating earnings at Colonial Penn were $27 million, compared with
$29 million in 2009. In addition to the 11 percent year over year rise in sales, lead generation increased 35 percent over 2009 as marketing efforts were increased.
Washington National, our independent distribution channel, saw total new annualized premium rise to $74 million from $72 million in 2009, and reported pre-tax operating earnings of $105 million, compared with $111 million in the prior year.
Washington National looks to continue strong growth
in the individual supplemental health and voluntary worksite markets as it expands distribution relationships, adds new products and services and expands its geographic coverage through greater agent presence and new voice signature techniques. Washington National also anticipates continued strong growth in the worksite market as it invests in building new technology that gives it a strategic advantage in operational efficiencies and increased sales effectiveness of its distribution partners.
In our Other CNO Business (OCB), comprised mainly of closed blocks of business that are not being actively marketed, there was a reported pre-tax operating loss of $12 million for 2010, compared to a loss of $44 million
  4 CNO Financial Group

  in the prior year. As portions of this business are in loss recognition, we expect the financial results of this segment to continue to exhibit some volatility in the near term. We have a sharpened focus on non-guaranteed element management, expense management and risk mitigation for this business.
Leadership
The substantial progress CNO made during the past year was the direct result of the collective dedication and talent our associates bring to the firm. Our leadership and business culture are being transformed as we sharpen our focus
on our business model and the opportunities for growth ahead of us. As in the past several years, a key priority
for CNO in 2010 was to strengthen our ability to attract great people to our company, and to identify and promote top talent within the company.
CNO had success on both counts last year. We welcomed Jim Sawaya as our new vice president of claims, and Chris Campbell as the new vice president of strategy and business development for Bankers Life. Internally, we were pleased to fill a number of leadership positions, including Chris Nickele, president, OCB; Chris McKee, senior vice president of operations; Todd Coombes, senior vice president of information technology; Scott Goldberg, territorial vice president for Bankers Life; Peter Wilkins, vice president of field operations at Bankers Life; and Dick Garner, senior vice president, in an expanded role
in product management.
Looking Ahead
We are excited by the prospects we envision for
CNO Financial Group. Our financial transformation, our recapitalization, our debt restructuring and our increasingly stable earnings growth, coupled with attractive market demographics, give us a solid foundation for profitable growth going forward.
Our top priority remains growing
our three core businesses profitably. CNO is a market-driven company, not a product-driven company, and we know our market well.
Our new brand reflects the progress we have made, and our commitment to our customers. As always, while the need to constantly focus on improving our products and services remains a top priority, we are confident in our vision because of the dedication and efforts of all of our associates, our management and our board of directors.
Special note is due this year to four of our directors who are not standing for re-election at our annual meeting. We express our gratitude to R. Glenn Hilliard, non-executive chairman of the board, who has made invaluable contributions to our company since joining in 2003.
The board anticipates selecting Neal C. Schneider, who also has been a director since 2003 and currently serves as chairman of the audit committee, to succeed Mr. Hilliard. Donna A. James, Debra J. Perry and David K. Zwiener also will not be standing for re-election as directors at
the annual meeting. We thank them for their dedication and service to the company, and wish them well in their future endeavors.
C. James Prieur
Chief Executive Officer
  CNO Financial Group 5
