 Edward J. Bonach
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
CNO Financial Group continued its strong track record of operating performance in 2016, marked by a fifth consecutive year of operating earnings per share growth.
I am pleased to report that 2016 was another notable year of solid results for CNO Financial and our family of companies— Bankers Life, Washington National, and Colonial Penn. We enhanced shareholder value, extended our customer reach, made significant progress on advancing our technology and business solutions, and improved our customer experience to better serve middle-income Americans.
In 2016, we moved the dial on several fronts and grew the enterprise. Total collected premiums were up 6 percent and first-year collected premiums were up 12 percent, primarily due to strong annuity sales. In-force policies were up 1 percent, including a 6 percent increase in third-party policies.
Our sales results continue to reveal a change in product mix toward annuities, as consumer concerns shift from dying too soon to outliving one’s assets. We expect that financial security in retirement will continue to be a primary concern, as healthcare costs increase as we age, and more of our customers rely on defined contribution plans instead of pensions and defined benefit plans to fund their retirement.
This shift also played a significant role in the 2016 launch of our in-house broker-dealer and registered investment advisor, Bankers Life Securities, Inc. and Bankers Life Advisory Services, Inc., respectively. These wholly-owned subsidiaries allow us to more fully meet our customers’ financial and advisory services needs, while providing valuable fee income to CNO Financial. These types of services have historically been focused on serving wealthier demographics; however, our customer relationships confirm a need across all income levels. We listened, and are now better able to respond to our customers’ requests for these services, as part of our controlled distribution channels.
Although our stated objective is to reduce our relative long-term care exposure in the near term, we recaptured a closed block of long-term care business previously ceded to an offshore reinsurance entity, as a result of certain irregularities that had come to our attention. While unexpected, we moved with speed and purpose, working transparently with the state insurance regulators to limit uncertainty and disruption to our affected policyholders, while minimizing financial risk.
In 2016, CNO Financial made a strategic investment in Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC, an investment management firm with over $6
 2

 2016 was another notable year of solid results for CNO Financial and our family of companies.
  billion in committed capital under management.This non-controlling, minority interest transaction is a great fit for many reasons, including diversification of our income into alternative investments, a long- term opportunity through ownership in a growing platform, and further utilization of our tax assets.
Financial Performance
CNO Financial continued its strong track record of operating performance in 2016, marked by a fifth consecutive year of operating earnings per share growth. For the full year, we recorded operating earnings of $263 million, or $1.47 per diluted share, compared to $1.41 per diluted share in 2015. Net income was $358 million, or $2.01 per diluted share, compared to $1.39 per diluted share in 2015. Book value per diluted share increased to $22.02 from $20.05 in 2015.
We ended the year with $264 million in cash and investments at the holding company and approximately $114 million in deployable capital. Our debt-to-total capital ratio was 19.1 percent. Our consolidated risk-based capital ratio increased 10 percentage points to 459 percent.
  3
OPERATING EARNINGS PER SHARE
2014 2015 2016
BOOK VALUE PER DILUTED SHARE
$18.75
$20.05
$22.02
  $1.27
$1.41
$1.47
         2014 2015 2016

    In 2016, we moved the dial on several fronts and grew the enterprise.
 We returned $258 million to shareholders in the year, with $203 million in common stock repurchases and paid common stock dividends totaling $55 million.
Business Performance
Middle-income Americans are underserved in regards to insurance and retirement services. We understand this market, as we have been serving it as our primary focus for many years.
In 2016, we completed a comprehensive customer segmentation analysis to look within the many unique divisions of the middle- income market to more effectively define their needs and how to meet them. As a result, we released several new products, and will continue to build the right products and solutions to stay competitive and help our market succeed in the changing landscape.
At Bankers Life—our career distribution channel—first-year collected premiums were up 14 percent, with total collected premiums up 9 percent, indicating our ability to expand market reach and retain customers. New annualized premium (NAP) was down 4 percent for the year, largely due to a decline in life and Medicare supplement sales. Both first-year and total collected premiums for annuities were up 21 percent over 2015, and annuity account values grew 3 percent. Total year recruiting was up 3 percent. However, retention of first-year agents was down, primarily causing a 5 percent drop in the average producing agent count. We are piloting various models to address the situation. We continue to see steady growth with our most productive agent segment, veteran producers, who have been with Bankers Life for over three years.
Washington National—our owned agency and independent distribution channel—saw first-year collected premiums down 2 percent, with total collected premiums up 1 percent. This resulted from lower sales in recent periods, offset by higher retention of current policyholders. NAP declined 1 percent in 2016. Similar to 2015, sales contraction in the individual market due to a struggling farm and rural community was offset by gains in the worksite market, driven by technology improvements and access to more employers aided by our “A-” A.M. Best rating. Average producing agents continued to increase in 2016, and were up 8 percent.
For our direct distribution channel, Colonial Penn led the franchise with first-year collected premium growth of 6 percent, and total collected premium growth of 7 percent. NAP was up 3 percent for the year. Presidential election years are notoriously challenging for Colonial Penn, as demand and costs for TV advertising spike while candidates compete for limited, cost-effective TV spots. Colonial Penn’s increasing focus on web and digital lead generation helped to mitigate the impact of higher TV advertising costs in 2016.
Our People
CNO Financial’s success would not be possible without our team of committed associates and agents. We’re aligned around a culture of core values—Integrity, Customer Focus, Teamwork and Excellence—that establish our priorities and set our goals. Our ability to attract, develop and retain exceptional talent is a key strength and meaningful competitive advantage, as we strive to ensure we are an employer of choice. Our team of seasoned leaders has a unique combination of industry experience,
   4

knowledge and perspective, and a track record of proven decision making, execution and success.
We enhanced the talent of our senior leadership team this year, with the addition of Gary Bhojwani as CNO Financial’s President, and the promotion of Erik Helding to Chief Financial Officer. Gary brings a wealth of experience in the insurance industry, as he focuses on generating profitable growth in our business segments, and improving on our execution. Additionally, he’s a proven insurance leader who will bring a fresh perspective to our go-to-market strategy. It’s always great to have the opportunity to promote internal talent. Erik’s success has been earned, and he will play a key role in growing our business and driving shareholder value.
Training and development are high priorities across our businesses. Bankers Life was again recognized by Training magazine as one of the country’s Top 125 training companies for a sixth consecutive year. CNO Financial’s commitment to our associates’ health and wellness earned top spots for a second consecutive year to both the “Best of the Best” Healthiest 100 Workplaces in America, and as a Platinum winner for the Best Employers for Healthy Lifestyles.
Looking Forward
America’s middle-income market is the largest population segment ofourcountry,andthereare10,000babyboomersturning65every day. According to Bankers Life’s Center For a Secure Retirement, six out of 10 boomers don’t receive professional financial guidance of any kind. They have the fewest options, in terms of helping them meet their needs. For CNO Financial, serving the middle-income market is as much an opportunity as it is a privilege.
The journey of our multi-year Grow and Deliver strategy continues. As we enter 2017, it’s important to reiterate what differentiates CNO Financial from our competitors. At the core, we are market- focused, delivering products and solutions based on the needs of the middle-income market. That distinction allows our agents and associates to better serve our customers, providing value across the spectrum of our stakeholders.
Our controlled distribution model is a competitive advantage and unique, in that it allows us to serve our customers directly, through our network of career insurance agents, or at the
worksite. We can optimally penetrate the middle-income market and allow our customers to purchase our products and services in the way they prefer.
Understanding that focus as a backdrop, our 2017 priorities build on the foundation for growth we set in 2016 and earlier. They will emphasize initiatives to drive increased growth, productivity and retention of our agent force; further extend our customer reach within the middle-income market; and increase timely delivery of our product and service offerings to ensure we are responding to customer needs.
We continue to be committed to reducing our relative long-term care exposure over the next two-to-five years. Part of achieving this goal is the natural runoff of existing business, coupled with the growth of other business lines. To completely achieve this goal, we are still focused on beneficial reinsurance transactions for at least a portion of the legacy long-term care business.
Our 2016 accomplishments and confidence in the future are direct results of the dedication brought to CNO Financial each and every day by our associates, agents, leadership team, and Board of Directors. Growing and delivering on our vision to become the leader in meeting the needs of middle-income Americans for financial security and readiness, for the life of their retirement, is the cornerstone of our success.
Our incredible people, our spirit, our commitment, our belief in this vision—that’s why I come to work inspired every day, and it’s why CNO Financial will continue to be a successful company.
Edward J. Bonach Chief Executive Officer
CNO Financial Group 2016 Annual Report
     5
