 Edward J. Bonach
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
2014 was another year of progress for CNO. Our investments in distribution, new products and enhancing the customer experience continue to contribute to increases in sales, collected premiums and annuity account values.
We significantly reduced the go forward risk profile of the company through the sale and reinsurance of non-core and volatile closed blocks of business.
We continue to invest in and focus on operating efficiencies and productivity improvements across the company and early in 2015 announced a strategic partnership with Cognizant to accelerate information technology process improvements and innovation. We expect our partnership to improve
the effectiveness of future IT delivery and open-up the possibility of joint investment in strategic initiatives designed to better serve the middle-market.
We strengthened our financial position by reducing debt, generating excess capital and increasing financial flexibility. This financial strength enabled us to return capital to our shareholders in 2014 by repurchasing $376 million of securities during the year. We also doubled our common stock dividend and achieved a 20% payout ratio, one year earlier than our goal.
CNO continued its positive momentum with the rating agencies and received four additional upgrades during the year, bringing the total number of upgrades to 10 since the beginning of 2012.
Our strong operating performance and balanced approach to excess capital deployment has not gone unnoticed. Over the past three years, our total shareholder return was 173%, exceeding the average of our industry peer group.
 2

  CNO experienced strong operating performance in 2014, marked by sales growth in each business.
 Financial Performance
CNO experienced strong operating performance in 2014 and this was marked by sales growth in each of our businesses. Consolidated sales reached $425 million, an increase of 2% over 2013.
For the full year, CNO recorded operating earnings of $259 million, or $1.19 per diluted share, compared to $1.07 per diluted share in 2013. Net income was $51 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, compared to $2.06 per diluted share in 2013. Net income in 2014 included ($1.24) from the net loss on the sale of Conseco Life Insurance Company and reinsurance transactions.
Our financial strength continued to improve during the year. We ended the year with $345 million
in cash and investments at the holding company and approximately $195 million in deployable capital. Our debt-to-total capital ratio of 17.1% was essentially flat compared to the prior year, and our consolidated risk-based capital ratio increased approximately 20 percentage points to over 430%. In addition, the risk-based capital ratio of Bankers Life and Casualty Company, our largest subsidiary, increased 29 percentage points over 2013 to 411%.
Business Performance
CNO’s success stems from our focus on serving the health and life insurance protection needs of middle income working Americans and retirees; our mix of distribution channels, which is primarily exclusive; and the breadth of products we offer to meet our customers’ needs. We accelerated this formula for success with strategic investments to increase the reach and productivity of our distribution force, drive efficiencies in our operations, and improve the customer experience. We made progress on these initiatives in 2014.
Bankers Life, our career distribution channel, added 11 new sales offices in 2014, bringing the total to 312 branches and satellite offices across the country. Sales increased by 1% for the year driven by increases in life insurance products, which were up 13% and annuities, which were up 5% despite the low interest rate environment. These increases were largely
offset by lower sales of long-term care and Medicare supplement products. Bankers Life’s sales results were below our expectations but this was due primarily to challenges we faced in recruiting new agents in the first nine months of the year. New agent recruiting was strong in the fourth quarter and we expect that momentum to continue in 2015. While new agent recruiting was a challenge, we continue to benefit from the investments we have made to increase agent productivity, which increased by 4% during the year.
Washington National, our owned agency and independent distribution channel, produced sales growth of 6% in 2014, on top of record-breaking
    3

  Exceptional people are
a vital component of exceptional companies; strategies are only as
good as the individuals who execute them. We consider our ability to attract, develop and retain talented people one of our strengths and a meaningful competitive advantage.
growth in 2013. We continue to benefit from geographic expansion, recruiting new agents and improving retention. Performance Matters Associates, our wholly owned agency, recorded sales growth of 11%, driven by growth in both the individual and worksite markets.
Colonial Penn, our direct distribution channel, grew sales by 4% in 2014. Colonial Penn continued to make progress on lead diversification initiatives, increased marketing and sales effectiveness and increased sales of newer simplified issue term and whole life products.
Our People
Exceptional people are a vital component of exceptional companies; strategies are only as good as the individuals who execute them. We consider our ability to attract, develop and retain talented people to be one of our strengths and a meaningful competitive advantage. In 2014, we continued to establish CNO as a great place to work by investing in the careers and well-being of our associates. That commitment was recognized when we were named one of the Healthiest 100 Workplaces in America and received the Best Employers for Healthy Lifestyles honor. Bankers Life was recognized by Training magazine as one of the top 125 training companies in the country for the third consecutive year and was honored with three Communicator Awards of Distinction for its new mobile application suite. Lastly, CNO was also recognized by Forbes magazine as one of America’s 50 Most Trustworthy Financial Companies.
In 2014, Chris Nickele was promoted to chief actuary. Chris was the key business leader for the unwinding of our Other CNO Business segment. With the sale of Conseco Life Insurance Company now complete, Chris can devote his full attention, across the enterprise, to our critical actuarial work. Along with his continuing management of product pricing and development, Chris is now responsible for CNO’s actuarial financial reporting functions. Chris’s actuarial expertise, along with his outstanding track record of building enterprise value makes him uniquely qualified to lead our actuarial team.
  4

Our Industry’s Value
Everyone at CNO wholeheartedly embraces our mission-to enrich lives by providing life and health insurance for the protection and retirement needs of middle-income Americans, while building enduring value for all our stakeholders. We are always mindful of the important role our industry and our company play in helping provide financial security to our customers. Research conducted by the Bankers Life Center for a Secure Retirement and Washington National Institute for Wellness Solutions underscores several facts about middle-income Americans: their number is growing; they are living longer; and
most are unprepared for retirement or to pay for healthcare expenses.
We also know that today’s middle-income Americans think about retirement differently than previous generations; specifically, two-thirds are looking forward to an active lifestyle in retirement. By understanding the changing face of our customer base, we’re able to create and deliver products to help these underserved Americans gain financial security and fulfill their expectations and aspirations for retirement. This, in turn, positions CNO as a valuable partner to our customers, not just a mere provider of insurance products.
Looking Forward
We believe we have the right focus and strategy
in place to create long-term value for CNO shareholders. We see significant opportunities for growth in the middle-income marketplace and will continue to invest in those opportunities to grow our franchise. We will also invest in initiatives to further enhance the customer experience and increase our operating effectiveness.
At Bankers Life, we will focus on increasing agent productivity while making enhancements to our recruiting model to increase the number of new agent contracts. This should enable us to increase the size of our overall agent force.
Washington National will focus on expanding worksite distribution and growing our owned agency distribution by increasing agent productivity and
retention. In addition, we will introduce a suite of new group products and completely rollout our Washington National One SourceSM benefit enrollment and servicing platform.
Colonial Penn will further diversify its lead generation sources by investing in additional direct mail and digital marketing activities, growing its simplified issue term and whole life products and enhancing our various marketing campaigns to yield additional improvements in marketing cost effectiveness.
Delivering shareholder value will continue to be
a focus, with sustained emphasis on increasing profitability and return on equity. Overall, we will concentrate on maintaining a strong and secure capital and financial position, delivering capital back to
our shareholders in the form of dividends and stock repurchases, and actively managing our risk profile.
Our strategy and commitment to the long-term care insurance market is worth noting. We believe long- term care insurance serves an important role in the retirement care and security of the middle-income market. Having a long-term care marketplace that includes private options is important not only for those who need it but for our country as well, to reduce the burden on already-strapped state Medicaid programs. Despite this need, the industry faces many challenges. We must continuously balance the need to price products profitably with providing affordable solutions for our customers. We actively manage
this business with dedicated leadership and a cross- functional team of experienced professionals focused on managing risk and serving this essential need in the marketplace.
We look forward to growing and delivering on our initiatives in 2015. With your support as owners and the ongoing dedication of our associates, we are confident we can achieve our vision of becoming the leading provider of financial security to middle- income American working families and retirees.
Edward J. Bonach Chief Executive Officer
CNO Financial Group 2014 Annual Report
     5
