 DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
  CenterPoint Energy was not immune from the challenges that confronted most American businesses during 2009. Reduced consumer confidence and economic activity affected all
of our service territories, and for the first time in a number of years, the rate of customer growth and energy usage declined. Energy prices and natural gas drilling activities dropped significantly from the record levels we saw in 2008. Additionally, the steep drop in the stock market at the end of 2008 took its toll on the value of the assets in our pension plan, resulting in an increased non-cash, pre-tax expense of nearly $60 million in 2009. These factors combined
to reduce our overall net income to $372 million, or $1.01 per diluted share, compared to $446 million, or $1.30 per diluted share in 2008.
Despite the decline in net income, the company’s stock price rebounded in 2009, gaining 15 percent by year- end. Also, we raised the quarterly dividend in January 2009 by more
Left to Right:
Milton Carroll Chairman
david M. MCClanahan President and CEo
than 4 percent to 19 cents per share. These dividends coupled with the share price increase produced
a total shareholder return of
22.5 percent, which compared very favorably to the S&P 500 Utilities Index return of 11.9 percent.
In January 2010, we raised our quarterly dividend to 19.5 cents per share, an increase of 2.6 percent, marking the fifth consecutive year we have raised our dividend. Our dividend payout ratio is approaching the top end of our goal of returning 50 to 75 percent of our sustainable earnings to our shareholders.
We recognize that dividends and dividend growth are very important to our shareholders, and we remain focused on growing our earnings as a catalyst for further dividend growth.
While our overall earnings were less than we would have liked, CenterPoint Energy is stronger and better positioned today than we were a year ago. Several of our
3
 
        4
OFFICERS
Left to Right:
C. Gregory harper Joseph B. McGoldrick James M. dumler Wayne d. Stinnett, Jr.
businesses had very solid financial performances, and all of our businesses made advances that will prepare them for the future. Equally important, we believe the energy solutions we are working on now will position us for a new decade of success.
OUR BUSINESSES
Our electric transmission and distribution business had a very solid year. Core operating income increased to $414 million compared to $407 million in 2008. Unlike other utilities in most areas of the country, we continued to experience customer growth, albeit at about half our historic rate. This modest customer growth, coupled with increased recovery of transmission costs and the operating income associated with deployment of
our advanced metering system (AMS), more than offset the effects of reduced electric demand and higher operating costs. Our AMS deployment will help change the way
our customers manage their energy use and how we manage the grid.
It is the first phase of our movement toward an intelligent grid, which will bring our electric system into the digital age. In October 2009, the Department of Energy awarded us a $200 million stimulus grant that will allow us to accelerate these efforts, which we now expect to complete in 2012.
We also had a good year in our
natural gas distribution business.
Operating income of $204 million was a little below the 2008 level
of $215 million. The benefits associated with rate changes and reduced bad debt expense were
not enough to offset a $37 million increase in pension expense as well as increased labor costs.We are pleased with the progress we have made on the regulatory front and, in particular, with a new rate design approved in Minnesota that will decouple our revenues from the amount of gas sold. This will allow
Left to Right:
david M. McClanahan Gary l. Whitlock thomas r. Standish Scott E. rozzell
us to promote energy efficiency and conservation and better align our customer and shareholder interests.
Our interstate pipelines business reported operating income of
$256 million compared to
$293 million operating income in 2008. While operating income was down from the record setting levels of 2008, our pipelines business has grown at a compound annual rate of nearly 15 percent over the last five years. The decline in income was primarily due to reduced ancillary revenues and increased operating expenses. We also had
a net gain in 2008 from the sale
of some natural gas storage assets and a write-down of pipeline
assets removed from service. In 2009, we began construction of
the final phase of our Carthage to Perryville pipeline, and it went into commercial operation in February 2010. This marks the completion
of our Carthage to Perryville pipeline, which we first put into
SHAREHOLDER LETTER
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Left to Right:
derrill Cody o. holcombe Crosswell Michael P. Johnson Janiece M. longoria
service in 2007, to bring significant new gas supplies to market from the emerging shale plays.
Significantly lower natural gas
and natural gas liquids prices had
a negative impact on our field services business. Operating income declined from $147 million in
2008 to $94 million in 2009, with nearly all of the decline attributable
Left to Right:
Milton Carroll
david M. McClanahan donald r. Campbell
Left to Right:
Peter S. Wareing Sherman M. Wolff
in new gathering and treating facilities primarily associated with the Haynesville, Fayetteville and Woodford shale plays. This was
the largest capital program in this business’ history. We are fortunate to count among our customers some of the strongest, most creditworthy participants developing these prolific gas reserves.
Left to Right:
thomas F. Madison robert t. o’Connell Susan o. rheney Michael E. Shannon
We had success in growing our retail base of commercial and industrial customers to more than 11,000, but our wholesale business suffered from reduced locational price differentials and lower seasonal storage spreads. Our goal is to continue to strengthen our retail base and to capture wholesale market opportunities
as they arise.
ADVANCINg ENERgY SOLUTIONS
As we enter into a new decade, there is a renewed focus on our nation’s energy policies, driven by concerns about carbon emissions, energy efficiency and energy security. There is no single solution that will address all these issues. We will have to embrace a number of solutions if we are going to be successful in meeting the country’s energy demands while protecting the environment and promoting our national interests. As a company, we are involved in advancing a number of these solutions.
SHAREHOLDER LETTER
              We will have to embrace a number of solutions
if we are going to be successful in meeting the country’s energy demands while protecting the environment and promoting our national interests. As a company, we are involved in advancing a number of these solutions.
 to reduced energy prices. However, throughput increased over 2008,
and we are optimistic about the future of this business. During 2009, we invested nearly $350 million
Our competitive natural gas sales and services business results were below our expectations in 2009. Operating income was $21 million compared to $62 million in 2008.
5
 
 Energy efficiency means lower carbon emissions, less dependence on imported fuels and lower customer bills. Utilities have been involved in energy efficiency for more than three decades, and at CenterPoint Energy we’re quite good at it.
heaters, ovens and clothes dryers,
90 percent of the energy value of natural gas is typically captured.
By contrast, when natural gas is first converted to electricity and then sent over electric wires, as much as two-thirds of the energy value is lost in conversion and transportation.
We believe that energy efficiency, renewable energy, natural gas and new technologies working together will take us to a lower carbon and more secure future. This future
will require new infrastructure investments and, at CenterPoint Energy, we are ready to do our
part. Whether through our smart meters and intelligent grid, our energy-efficiency programs, our gas distribution network and competitive gas sales business that support the direct use of natural gas or our growing gas gathering and pipelines that will deliver natural gas to the marketplace, we are ready to be part of the solution, both now and for many years to come. You can read about these solutions and more in the following pages.
In closing, we once again thank our employees for their hard work and dedication. We are extremely proud of their accomplishments during a very challenging period.
Thank you for your investment
and continued confidence in our company. You have our promise that we will continue to work hard to increase the value of your investment.
Sincerely,
MILTON CARROLL
Chairman
DAVID M. MCCLANAHAN
President and CEO
Let’s start with what may be the most obvious solution: helping
our customers use less energy. Energy efficiency means lower carbon emissions, less dependence on imported fuels and lower customer bills. Utilities have been involved in energy efficiency for more than three decades, and at CenterPoint Energy we’re quite good at it. Our ENERGY STAR new homes program in Houston and Conservation Improvement Programs in Minnesota have long been recognized as industry leaders. Home weatherization programs, energy audits and rebates for high- efficiency equipment also have proven effective.
Now, the electric industry is on
the cusp of a new era of energy efficiency with the deployment of advanced or “smart” meters. These meters will put energy consumption information into the hands of our customers or, more likely, a home energy management system, on
a near real-time basis. A recent Electric Power Research Institute study on smart meters found that the greatest energy savings resulted when customers can see exactly how they are using energy and how much it costs and then change their behavior. Smart meters will likely usher in new time-of-use rate plans and a new generation of “smart appliances” that can be controlled through home area networks.
Smart meters and the intelligent grid will facilitate the integration into
the grid of smaller-scale, distributed electric generation, like rooftop solar panels, advanced batteries and other sources. In addition, smart meters will help in realizing the
full potential of plug-in electric and electric hybrid vehicles. These new vehicles are expected to become commercially available for the first time later this year. Not only are they expected to reduce carbon and other emissions compared to today’s vehicles, but also they can serve as another source of distributed power when connected to the grid.
Energy efficiency, conservation and small-scale distributed generation will not meet all of our growing energy needs. Renewable energy, such as wind, large-scale solar and biomass, will be part of the solution, as will nuclear and clean coal in
the longer term. For the foreseeable future, natural gas will play a leading role.
When compared to alternatives, natural gas is the logical choice
for electric generation. It has half
the carbon footprint of coal and
30 percent less than oil. It’s a domestic fuel, and it’s plentiful. Thanks to improvements in extraction technologies, it’s estimated that the United States has sufficient natural gas reserves to meet demand
for the next 100 years.
The benefits of natural gas are also evident when it is used directly in a home or business. When used
to provide fuel for furnaces, water
SHAREHOLDER LETTER
   6
 