 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
                                         Milton Carroll, left, Chairman of the Board, and David McClanahan, President and Chief Executive Officer
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
Thank you for investing your trust in CenterPoint Energy. Our vision is “to be recognized as America’s leading energy delivery company . . . and more.” We believe we will have achieved this vision when CenterPoint Energy delivers world-class performance to four key stakeholder groups beginning with you, our shareholders, but also including our customers, our employees and the communities we serve. We are pleased with the progress we made in 2004, but we know there is more work that needs to be done.
Investors today seek sound investments in companies that share their values. At CenterPoint Energy, our core values of integrity, accountability, initiative and respect guide everything we do. To achieve our vision, we need strong values and a sound corporate strategy. Though detailed in its execution, our strategy can be easily summarized: “One Company, Get it Right, and Grow.”
By “One Company,” we mean that we will leverage our talents and resources across our entire company rather than operate as a collection of smaller, autonomous business units. By “Get it Right,” we mean that we will constantly focus on making our businesses more efficient and cost- effective. Finally, by “Grow,” we mean that we want to

                                         expand our company and increase the value of your investment over time. (See page 21 of this report for examples of our One Company, Get it Right, and Grow strategic initiatives).
Sale of Texas Genco and our electric subsidiary “true-up” proceeding
2004 was a watershed year. Since CenterPoint Energy was created in 2002 as a regulated utility company with a significant amount of debt, we have looked forward to completing the two key events that would allow us to return to debt levels more typical for a utility our size and help solidify our investment-grade credit ratings. These two important events were the sale of our electric generation assets and the recovery of our “stranded” costs associated with the restructuring of the Texas electric market. We are pleased to report we made significant progress on both events last year.
In July 2004, we announced the sale of our electric generation business, Texas Genco, for $3.65 billion. CenterPoint Energy received $2.9 billion for our 81 percent interest in the company. The sale was structured in two phases. We finished the first phase, for which we received
$2.2 billion, in late 2004 with the sale of 11 coal, lignite and gas-fired power plants. Following approval of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, we were able to complete the final phase of the sale in April 2005 by selling our investment in the South Texas Project nuclear power plant for $700 million.
The second key event is the recovery of costs associated with the transition to electric competition in Texas. The recovery of these costs was provided for in the 1999 law that restructured Texas’ electric utility industry. In March 2004, we filed a “true-up” request with the Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUC) to recover $3.7 billion in stranded costs and regulatory assets, excluding interest. In December, the PUC approved (subject to certain adjustments) approximately $2.3 billion, including interest through August 31.
Frankly, we were very disappointed by this ruling. We don’t believe the Commission followed the law or its own regulations on a number of significant issues, and in January, we filed an appeal with the Texas state courts. However, it will likely take a number of years before the appeals process is complete.
  5
 OUR VISION IS “TO BE RECOGNIZED AS AMERICA’S LEADING ENERGY DELIVERY COMPANY . . . AND MORE.”
 
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
                                         With the proceeds from the first step in the sale of Texas Genco, we were able to reduce our company’s indebtedness by $2 billion in 2004. This year, by combining the proceeds from the second step in the sale of our interest in the power generation subsidiary along with the sale of approximately $1.8 billion in low-cost transition bonds, we will be in position to further reduce our company’s debt. These low-cost bonds cover most of the transition costs that were approved by the PUC in our true-up case.
Unfortunately, several parties have appealed the financing order authorizing the bond sale, which will delay our recovery of these costs for a number of months. We will, however, continue to earn interest on the approved amount during the consideration of these appeals.
The sale of our power generation subsidiary and the transition bonds are not, however, the only ways we are working to improve our company. Through our One Company, Get it Right and Grow strategic initiatives, we are taking important steps to make our company more efficient, cost effective and profitable.
2004: a solid year for core electric, gas and
pipeline operations
Even as our senior management team focused much attention in 2004 on the sale of Texas Genco and our true-up case, employees in our core electric, gas and pipeline operations turned in their best performance in our brief history as CenterPoint Energy.
In Houston, our electric transmission and distribution operations continued to show overall improvement. We increased our core operating income by $33 million over 2003, added nearly 47,000 new metered customers and met system reliability goals after establishing an aggressive special program to cut outage times.
Our natural gas delivery and gas marketing operations also had their best year, raising operating income by $20 million. Spurred by strong growth in the metropolitan areas of Houston and Minneapolis, we added about 45,000 customers. We also achieved high customer satisfaction scores. Our gas marketing business increased sales to electric and gas utilities as well as to large commercial and industrial customers.

                                         WE SOLD OUR POWER GENERATION BUSINESS FOR $2.9 BILLION AND SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCED OUR DEBT
 Likewise, our pipeline group had its best year ever, improving operating income by $22 million. We connected a record number of new natural gas wells and began an expansion of our pipelines, storage facilities and remote wellhead monitoring services.
2005: positioned for the future
We achieved much in 2004, and we’re excited about our future. In the near term, we will continue to execute our plan to reduce the company’s debt and enhance operations to better serve our customers.
As the financial strength of the company continues to improve, we will actively pursue potential growth opportu- nities in areas that complement our core energy delivery business. However, we will pursue these opportunities only when we believe they will create sustainable shareholder value.
The CenterPoint Energy management team is committed to achieving our vision and strategy. We believe our accomplishments last year are evidence of this. We met the difficult challenges we faced in 2004 and we feel the
company is well positioned to successfully pursue our vision of being recognized as America’s leading energy delivery company ... and more.
Thank you for your continued confidence in us.
Milton Carroll Chairman of the Board
David M. McClanahan
President and Chief Executive Officer
             7
