the Value of Vision
Dear
Shareholder,
2012 marked another solid year, with each of CenterPoint energy’s businesses delivering strong performances.
the year also marked our 10th anniversary as a stand-alone company. the past decade held many challenges. We experienced the collapse of credit markets for energy companies. our service territory took direct strikes from hurricanes Katrina and rita in 2005, and again in 2008 from hurricane Ike. We saw natural gas prices fluctuate between $15.40 in december 2005 and $2 in april 2012. We navigated through the Great recession, which slowed economic activity and energy consumption. and our electric true-up case, which we hoped could be resolved in 2004, slowly worked its way through the texas courts before it was successfully concluded in 2011. the favorable outcome allowed us to reduce our debt and restructure our balance sheet.
We overcame these challenges by staying true to the vision, values and strategy that have defined us. as a result, your company has been one of the best performing investor-owned utilities over the past 10 years. It’s a remarkable achievement accomplished by remarkable employees.
2012 overview
led by the performance of our regulated utilities and field services business, we reported net income of $417 million for 2012. though at first glance this number appears to compare unfavorably with our 2011 net income of $1.4 billion, both 2011 and 2012 included some significant, unusual items. In 2011, our results included net income of $811 million from our true-up case. likewise, our 2012 results included two unusual, non-cash items: a $252 million goodwill impairment charge associated with our competitive energy services business and a $136 million pre-tax gain from our purchase of the remaining 50 percent interest in a gathering and processing joint venture. When you exclude these items, our 2012 net income would have been $581 million, compared with $546 million in 2011.
In January 2012, we raised our quarterly dividend from 19.75 cents per share to 20.25 cents per share. We raised it again in January 2013 to 20.75 cents per share, making this the eighth consecutive year of dividend increases. nevertheless, for utility stock investors 2012 was
an up and down year due to the uncertainty over the economy and
the future dividend tax rate. total shareholder return last year, which included stock price appreciation and annual dividends, was essentially flat, with a loss of less than 0.2 percent. this lagged the s&p 500 utilities Index, which returned 1.3 percent, and the broader market,
as measured by the s&p 500 Index, which returned 16.0 percent.
overall, our shareholder returns have been outstanding. since 2002, our cumulative total shareholder return has been 278.1 percent, compared with 182.1 percent for the s&p 500 utilities average and 115.2 percent for the s&p 500 average.
business segment results
our electric transmission and distribution business had a great year, nearly matching its record performance in 2011. core operating income was $492 million, compared with $496 million in 2011. the houston economy was strong, and we added more than 44,000 customers. considering the full-year impact of our 2011 rate case results and the return of normal weather following record heat, we are very pleased.
despite a mild heating season and reduced gas use, our natural
gas distribution business matched its excellent 2011 results. core operating income for the year was $226 million, identical to last year’s total. We added more than 22,000 customers, primarily in houston and minneapolis. our rate design strategy remains focused on ensuring timely cost recovery to give us an opportunity to earn at or near our authorized rates of return.
3

VALUE fromVISION // CENTERPOINT ENERGY 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
  An unseasonably warm winter, increased competition and low natural gas prices challenged our midstream business, which includes interstate pipelines and field services. Interstate pipelines, which also competes in markets with excess pipeline capacity, reported core operating income of $207 million, down from $248 million in 2011.
Field services, however, reported its third consecutive year of growth. Operating income totaled $214 million, compared with $189 million
in 2011. We benefited from volume commitments and guaranteed returns, which helped mitigate the effects of declines in producer activity. We also completed two acquisitions totaling $362 million.
Finally, in our competitive natural gas sales and services business we saw growth in retail, commercial and industrial sales and benefited from the elimination of several unprofitable pipeline capacity agreements. Excluding the non-cash, goodwill charge described earlier, we reported $2 million in operating income, compared with $6 million a year ago.
Value from Vision
As our long-term shareholders know, our company has been guided by a vision, strategy and set of core values that have remained unchanged since we became CenterPoint Energy. Our vision is “To be recognized as America’s leading energy delivery company... and more.” This has served to focus our efforts where our skills and expertise could add the most value. Our vision also emphasizes our intent to be a leading energy delivery company, and nothing illustrates that commitment more than our adoption of smart meters and intelligent grid technologies, which are transforming the electric business.
Our corporate strategy of “One Company, Get it Right, and Grow” helped bring our vision to life and still guides us today. The benefits of this strategy have been most evident in our natural gas distribution business. We improved our business model by bringing together three separate organizations into a single integrated group. Working with our regulators, we’ve also made tremendous progress in getting it right by putting into place innovative rate structures that separate the recovery of fixed operating costs from the effects of weather and the volume of natural gas consumed. These efforts, combined with customer growth, have positioned us for success.
Values in Action
Most importantly, we remain committed to our core values and the ethical culture we have created. Guided by our principles of integrity, accountability, initiative and respect – for one another, our customers, our shareholders and for the communities we serve – we believe we have created a very special company.
DAVID M. McCLANAHAN MILTON CARROLL
President & CEO Chairman
Our responses to the hurricanes that struck our service territory demonstrate our company at its best. These storms inflicted severe damage on our communities and on our systems, but in each case, our employees rose to the challenge.
Their skills and dedication have not gone unnoticed. When disaster strikes, our employees are among the first to be called upon by other utilities from as far away as California and New Jersey. Over the past 10 years, we’ve received the Edison Electric Institute Emergency Assistance Award four times.
But our employees’ spirit of service is best demonstrated through community involvement. In 2012, our employees, their family members and retirees contributed more than 240,000 hours of volunteer time. Put simply, service is deeply ingrained in our culture.
Looking Ahead
We’re looking forward to the opportunities the next decade will bring. Houston continues to be one of the fastest growing areas in the country. Both our electric and natural gas distribution utilities will be investing heavily to meet this need, and we expect to see rate base growth of approximately 5 percent for our electric operations and
7 percent in our natural gas business.
For our midstream business, the increased availability of natural
gas and liquids from existing and newly developed fields presents significant growth opportunities. In particular, newer fields, especially in North Dakota, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Texas, offer opportunities to expand our field services footprint.
Finally, no company can promise that it is invulnerable. We must acknowledge the threat to critical energy infrastructure by cyber-attack or other sabotage. All of us at CenterPoint Energy take our responsibility to safeguard our assets very seriously, and we are involved in industry and government efforts to improve security.
When we first became CenterPoint Energy, we said we were building a company committed to providing a competitive dividend with growth. We said we would focus on domestic energy delivery with a balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas, regulated and competitive assets. Ten years later, we’re proud to say we are that kind of company.
Thank you for your continued confidence and investment in CenterPoint Energy.
  4
MILTON CARROLL
Chairman
DAVID M. McCLANAHAN
President & CEO
