 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
    Milton Carroll, left, Chairman of the Board, and David McClanahan, President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Welcome to CenterPoint Energy. Although we only recently celebrated our one-year anniversary as a new, independent energy delivery company, we are a family of over 11,000 employees and have a proud 130-year history of delivering quality service to our electricity and natural gas customers.
CenterPoint Energy is one of the largest combined gas and electric companies in the nation. Our gas and electric utilities serve nearly 5 million customers in Arkansas, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Oklahoma and Texas. Our customer, geographic and business diversity help to insulate us from some of the regional, economic and weather risks associated with utilities serving more limited geographic areas.
We also own a growing gas marketing business concentrating on competitive natural gas services to industrial and large commercial businesses as

 Thank You for
Continually Welcoming Us
well as two interstate pipelines and a natural gas gathering business serving the mid-continent region of the United States. Finally, we own an 81 percent interest in Texas Genco Holdings, Inc., a wholesale power generation company that sells power on a competitive basis in Texas.
2003: A year of progress
We made a lot of progress during 2003. Our first priority in 2003 was to improve our financial stability and liquidity. We began 2003 with a challenging bank credit facility and inadequate liquidity for a company our size. We were successful in restructur- ing our bank agreement, which dramatically increased our access to the capital markets. Since that time we have raised over $4 billion in debt securities in order to reduce our reliance on our banking syndicate and refinance maturing and high- er cost debt. Our finance team did a superb job but it would not have been possible without the set of sound businesses that make up CenterPoint Energy.
Despite these financial challenges, our employees did not lose focus on serving our customers and improving our operating practices. All of our busi- nesses made improvements in 2003. We reported income from continuing operations of $420 million or $1.37 per diluted share. The biggest turnaround
story was at Texas Genco. Texas Genco’s operating income improved to $222 million compared to a loss of $133 million the previous year. This improvement was driven by much higher electricity prices which were influenced primarily by sharp increases in the price for natural gas.
Houston Electric, our electric transmission and distribution utility, had a solid year. We added almost 50,000 new customers during 2003, marking the seventh year in a row with customer growth of 2 percent or more. We implemented a new outage management system designed to improve our response to customer outages, rolled out a new engineering design tool to improve system design and pioneered the use of new materials that reduced costs and improved power flow. These and other efforts resulted in an improved cost structure as well as enhanced system performance. The measure we use to gauge system reliability showed a 19 percent improvement, one of the best performances ever by our company.
Our gas distribution and sales business was bolstered by the addition of 38,000 new customers and the implementation of rate increases in a number of our service areas. We continue to focus on making sure our rates are adequate to recover
 3
CenterPoint Energy, Inc. and Subsidiaries

 our costs and earn a solid return. At the same time, we are seeking improvement in our cost structure and the way we operate this business. We recently announced a restructuring of some of our rural operations by taking advantage of mobile technology and centralized call center operations. We expect to implement further improvements later this year.
Our pipeline and gas gathering business continued its record of solid earnings and cash flow contribu- tions. Our interstate pipelines focused on securing their core business with longer-term contracts and capitalizing on market opportunities that arose in the early part of the year. Our gas gathering business benefited from increased drilling in its primary operating areas and from developing new services and products to enhance its growth prospects.
We are also very proud of our employees’ community involvement and volunteer efforts. Through our coordinated volunteer programs our employees devoted over 110,000 hours to community service. Our company and its employees have a long tradition of supporting community initiatives and our company motto, “Always There,” has never been more evident.
We are confident that our accomplishments in 2003 will provide a solid foundation from which to grow and excel and we expect to make further progress in 2004.
2004: An eventful year
There are several key events facing the company in 2004 that present a different set of challenges but ones that we are well positioned to face. In late March, the company filed a request with the Texas Public Utility Commission to quantify its recoverable stranded costs and other regulatory assets. This is one of the last steps of the Texas restructuring law passed in 1999 that deregulated and unbundled electric utilities in Texas. Under this law, electric utilities are permitted to recover the difference between the book value of their once regulated power generating units and the market value of these same assets. This difference is called stranded investment. Under the law this determi- nation was delayed until the market had been open for two full years. Our request was filed on March 31st and seeks the recovery of approximately $4 billion of stranded investment and other regulatory assets. If approved, the impact on the overall costs of electricity to residential customers would be less than 5 percent.

 We take pride in providing years of consistent energy delivery and in focusing on our customer-centered values.
We are also in the process of selling our 81 percent interest in Texas Genco. Earlier this year Reliant Resources declined to exercise its option to buy our interest in Texas Genco. We launched a major sales and marketing effort to determine whether there are other parties that might want to purchase our interest. Since our formation as a separate, public company, we have expressed our desire to sell Texas Genco for several reasons. First, we continue to have significant debt on our balance sheet and the proceeds of any sale would be used to reduce this indebtedness. Second, CenterPoint Energy’s primary focus is on regulated businesses with consistent earnings and steady cash flow. Texas Genco’s earnings profile is likely to be more volatile over time than our traditional businesses. Having said that, we have positioned Texas Genco earnings and cash flow for stability over the next several years through forward sales of generating capacity. Once we receive indicative bids for our 81 percent interest in Texas Genco, we will carefully consider whether a near-term sale is in the best interest of our shareholders.
In addition to these two events we continue to concentrate on process improvements and positioning the company to grow once we recover our stranded investment and monetize Texas Genco.
Since our formation in 2002 we have been assessing our operating practices. Our focus is on serving our customers better while at the same time improving our overall cost structure through productivity improvements and efficiency gains. We have made considerable progress already and we’re confident that additional improvement will be made in 2004 and 2005.
In summary, we had a very solid year in 2003. This year we are faced with a number of challenges that are likely to have long-term impacts on the company. We’re confident that we are prepared to tackle these challenges and position the company for the future. We want to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication and we want to thank you for your investment in the company. We’re working hard to earn your continued confi- dence and to increase the value of your investment.
Sincerely,
Milton Carroll Chairman of the Board
David M. McClanahan President and
Chief Executive Officer
            5
CenterPoint Energy, Inc. and Subsidiaries
