TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

C

NF's business and business environment changed dramatically in 2001 following several years of unprecedented growth fueled by a surging economy. As 2001 unfolded, the economy weakened, steadily at first and then abruptly.
The CNF companies were operating in an envi-

Financial Results and Strategies

Worldwide are reported separately, consistent with how they were managed in 2001. Beginning in the first quarter of 2002, they will be combined and CNF will report as two major lines of business, Con-Way and Menlo Worldwide. Second, CNF is no longer in the airline business. The closure of EWA, a separate subsidiary of CNF that was reported as part of Emery Worldwide, was

$406.3 million and the loss of more than 800 jobs. But with the new structure, Emery has shed an estimated $100 million in annual transportation costs and has greatly improved flexibility to deal with the ups and downs of the cyclical air freight market. Emery's transportation network continues to provide premium next-day delivery of heavy air freight in North America using a fleet of contracted aircraft that serve all major cities in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. With this new business model, Emery has a lower, more variable cost structure, giving it the needed flexibility to respond to changes in market demand. Renamed Emery Forwarding, the company is now positioned to serve its customers around the world not only with air freight and ocean forwarding, customs brokerage and time-critical expedited shipments, but also with the third- and fourth-party logistics capabilities of Menlo Logistics and Vector SCM. You, our investors, have supported our strategy as reflected in CNF's shareholder value, which held up well in 2001 despite the recession and our restructurings. CNF's year-end stock price held its own and did well on a relative basis compared to the Dow Jones Transportation Average, which declined 10 percent and the S&P 500, which ended the year down 13 percent. CNF's year-end stock price closed

Implementation of our strategy has come at a price. In 2001 the company reported a net loss for shareholders of common stock of $8.26 per share, which included $9.76 per share in unusual items charged against earnings and an 80 cents per share gain from discontinued Priority Mail operations. Without all of these items, net income for common shareholders was 70 cents per share on revenue of $4.86 billion. Most of the special charges were directly related to the restructuring of Emery Worldwide and the closure of Emery Worldwide Airlines (EWA), the cost of using a duplicate fleet of contract aircraft after the airline suspended flights in August, and the loss from a bankrupt customer of Menlo Logistics. The gain was from a settlement with the USPS following a two-year contract pricing dispute that is now, for the most part, behind us. All of the special charges in 2001, even though one-time in nature, worked to substantially decrease balance sheet equity. Nevertheless, we ended 2001 with over $400 million in cash on our balance sheet to provide flexibility in 2002. During this most challenging year, we put some troubling issues behind us and undertook key initiatives that position us to perform better in the future. First, in December we announced the combination effective in 2002 of Emery, Menlo Logistics and Vector SCM under a new company called Menlo Worldwide, a supply chain services unit with global reach. Menlo Worldwide immediately provides our logistics operations with Emery's worldwide coverage and Emery's customers with the skills and technology needed to provide solutions to larger and more complex logistics problems. The formation of Menlo Worldwide makes it very clear that we are serious about becoming a top-tier provider of global supply chain services. Menlo Worldwide has been well received by our customers, employees and investors. In the financial section of this annual report, the operations of the major components of Menlo

ronment of deepening global recession before the despicable September terrorist attacks in New York and Washington caused further loss of economic confidence. Our revenues declined by more than $700 million in 2001 due to the recession and the end of major contracts we had with the U.S. Postal Service (USPS). Due to this erosion of revenue and the related decline in profits, we needed to make several critical decisions in 2001 about the future of the company. I am a firm believer that sound and executable strategy drives value. In 2001 we implemented strategies that reduced CNF's asset intensity and transformed it from a pure transportation company into an enterprise that offers global supply chain solutions. We believe our strategy is right on target for today's market and expect it to well position us long into the future. Just three years ago our top goal was to become a significant global force in the rapidly developing marketplace for supply chain services. Today that is a reality.
2

"We believe our strategy is right on target for today's market and expect it to well position us long into the future."
Gregory L. Quesnel

at $33.55, down just slightly from $33.81 at the end of 2000. There were other notable accomplishments during the year. Vector SCM, the joint venture company we formed with General Motors in late 2000, successfully completed its initial year as one of the world's first fourth-party logistics companies (4PLs). Vector SCM already has assumed responsibility for almost a third of GM's logistics and distribution operations and is on target to assume management of GM's entire global supply chain within the next two years. We also reached a settlement of our Priority Mail contract dispute with the USPS, turning over operation of the 10 Priority Mail Processing Centers to the USPS in return for a $235 million cash settlement.
3

President and Chief Executive Officer

a difficult step but one critically important to the future of Emery as a part of Menlo Worldwide. However, the closure of EWA and other restructuring activities at Emery resulted in after tax write-offs of

We also moved quickly and successfully to adjust our cost structures in response to lower business levels. Even though the government did not confirm the economy was in recession until much later, our

In 2001 Con-Way also strengthened its operations in North America, expanding its business and developing strong identities for Con-Way Canada Express and Con-Way Mexico Express. Increasing trade with our neighbors to the north and south is providing valuable growth opportunities for Con-Way and its customers. The company entered into the air freight forwarding business in 2001 with the opening of Con-Way Air Express, or CAX. This company was organized to provide Con-Way's customers with an in-house air freight shipping option with the premium service, superior systems and people-oriented business culture they expect from a Con-Way company. Overall, the Con-Way companies operated in the weakest and most competitive market in a decade, an environment that forced more than 2,000 mostly small motor carriers out of business. We expect industry consolidation will continue should the recession extend throughout 2002.
Management and Board of Directors

Next month, the CNF Board of Directors will lose the services of Richard B. Madden. Dick will retire after 10 years on the Board. When he joined our Board a decade ago, he brought with him a wealth of talent and the experience of being CEO of Potlatch Corporation for many years. CNF has benefited greatly from Dick's participation on our Board. He has been an engaged and influential Board member in shaping the progress of the company. His wise counsel, steady guidance and wit will be missed. We wish Dick well in his retirement from our Board.
Outlook

also keep a tight lid on costs for the duration of this downturn and work to strengthen our liquidity position. CNF has a good story to tell and we will spend a significant amount of time sharing it with our customers and Wall Street. Our companies do important and complex work for thousands of major corporations around the world. Our efforts to communicate our capabilities to all of our stakeholders will be intensified in 2002. These are indeed challenging times for our economy and for CNF. It is at times like these that we are most grateful for and appreciative of our thousands of experienced and loyal employees. Our people have built this company over seven decades. Their efforts have allowed it to endure through many business cycles like this one and each time our company has emerged ready and able to prosper from economic rebounds. Knowing our people as I do, I am sure that this cycle will be no exception. The Board of Directors extends thanks and acknowledgement to its employees, shareholders, customers and suppliers, who are each an indispensable part of CNF.

"The formation of Menlo Worldwide makes it very clear that we are serious about becoming a top-tier provider of global supply chain services."
businesses saw the downturn begin in the third quarter of 2000. Accordingly, we began reducing our operating and administrative costs to match the lower anticipated revenue and the reduced size of our operations. Finally, the company completed construction and opened a new technology building at our AdTech campus in Portland, Oregon. The new building now houses all of our technology employees and our worldwide data center. We are particularly proud that the building's design has state-of-the-art environmental features that help conserve and protect valuable natural resources. Despite the recession, Con-Way Transportation Services finished 2001 as the nation's most efficient and profitable LTL trucking company. Trucking has been a part of our company for 73 years. One of the many things we have learned over those years is how to operate in a recession (the company was founded during the Great Depression, so we received is better than Con-Way at improving efficiency during a downturn and they excelled at this once again.

The duration of this recession is still anybody's guess, however, there is no doubt that it is still with us. Accordingly, we are taking a cautious posture regarding our outlook for growth in 2002. Traditionally, CNF companies grow at a rate that exceeds that of the national economy and we fully expect to do that once again. We are hopeful that a recovery in the latter half of 2002 will put some much needed economic wind in our sails. In the meantime, we will focus on executing our strategy for Menlo Worldwide to establish its presence as a

I was pleased to announce in December that John H. Williford was promoted to lead the new Menlo Worldwide organization as its president and chief executive officer. John is a 20-year employee of the CNF organization. He founded Menlo Logistics and helped build it into what is now almost a billion dollar company. As head of the newly combined Emery, Menlo and Vector SCM companies, John will lead a $3 billion enterprise with 12,000 employees. He is highly respected in the logistics and supply chain management business and is considered one of the industry's thought leaders. We expect Menlo Worldwide to quickly become a recognized industry leader in global supply chain management under John's strong leadership. In a related move, longtime CNF chief financial company after 15 months on special assignment as CEO of Emery.

"Traditionally, CNF companies grow at a rate that exceeds that of the national economy and we fully expect to do that once again."
leader in global supply chain services. This new company has tremendous energy, a good strategy and determined management. We will ensure that Con-Way is prepared to resume growth in its trucking operations and makes progress in its newer businesses, Con-Way Logistics and Con-Way Air Express. We will

Gregory L. Quesnel CNF President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2002

an early education in this regard). No trucking company officer Chutta Ratnathicam returned to the parent

4

5

