W. KEITH KENNEDY, JR. Chairman of the Board

Dear Fellow Shareowner: CNF marked its 75th year in 2004. It was an eventful, value producing year for our shareowners. The most significant event occurred in mid-December when the company completed the sale of its Menlo Forwarding unit, the former Emery Air Freight Corp., to UPS for $150 million and $110 million in debt assumption. The sale left CNF in its best financial condition in 15 years. CNF benefits from profitable continuing operations, a healthy balance sheet and more than $800 million in cash and marketable securities, $300 million of which will be used over the next two years in a share repurchase program. While our results for 2004 produced a net loss of $124.1 million or $2.15 per diluted share, these losses were due to the $276.3 million loss on the sale of Menlo Forwarding. However, our after-tax income from continuing operations increased 27 percent to $142.2 million. Operating income totaled $284.2 million, up 26 percent, and revenue increased 15 percent to $3.7 billion for continuing operations. 2004 was also a year of successful transitions in management and on the Board of Directors. In January, our Board chairman Don Moffitt retired. In July, Greg Quesnel retired as CEO and a member of the Board. Later in the year Gerald Detter retired as head of our Con-Way group after 40 years with the company and Eberhard Schmoller retired as general counsel after 28 years. Chutta Ratnathicam also announced his plans to retire as chief financial officer as of March 31, 2005. While I am acting as interim CEO, the other officers have been replaced by able, seasoned executives with years of CNF experience. New Board members elected in February 2004 were Peter W. Stott and Chelsea ``Chip'' White III. In April, Robert Alpert retired after serving the company and shareowners as a Director for 28 years. In March of this year, we were pleased to announce the appointments of John J. Anton, William R. Corbin and retired Admiral Henry H. Mauz, Jr. to the Board. As a smaller organization after the sale of Menlo Forwarding, we are moving forward with our plan to integrate all of our operations into an enterprise that will be a premier provider of transportation and global supply chain management services. We are off to a fine start in 2005 and our outlook for the year is optimistic. We are excited about our growth opportunities and look forward to translating those opportunities into increased shareowner value.

W. Keith Kennedy, Jr. March 14, 2005

