I believe coal will continue to command its majority market share in power generation because it is our
most abundant and most economical domestic fuel source. The demand for natural gas will remain strong ... as well, because of its many uses and because of its clean burning nature.

Dear Shareholders:

among investors resulted in considerable gains in the value of our common stock during the year.

Your company had a number of significant accomplishments since my letter to you a year ago. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001, CONSOL Energy earned $2.33 per diluted share, an improvement of 73 percent from a year ago. Our net cash flow from operations was $435.7 million, an improvement of 48 percent over last year. Total revenues grew from $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion. We continued to pay an attractive dividend, returning $1.12 per share to shareholders. We reduced our total debt by more than $100 million, and have made further reductions since the close of the fiscal year. Finally, company performance and a renewed interest in energy In December 2000, we concluded the acquisition of a 50 percent interest in the Line Creek Mine in British Columbia, Canada for $39 million. Line Creek was owned by Luscar Ltd. This mine produces metallurgical-grade coals that serve our existing markets in the Pacific Rim. Equally as important as the past year's financial results, we concluded a number of transactions that further the evolution of CONSOL Energy from a single-fuel mining company to a multi-energy provider of coal, gas, and electric power.

5

Brought to you by Global Reports

In June 2001, we announced our intention to acquire a 50 percent interest in the Glennies Creek Mine, currently under development in New South Wales Australia, for $14 million. Our co-participant in this mine is AMCI, Inc., a privately-held U.S. company with customers in the Pacific Rim. Glennies Creek is being developed as a longwall mine, an underground mining technology in which CONSOL Energy is a coal industry leader. We can add operations expertise to this venture, and the coal will be sold to our existing Pacific Rim customers.

This transaction has strategic significance to our coal business because it strengthens our ability to serve the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and Upper Mid-West energy consuming regions of the United States.

Moreover, because we have contracts with power plants equipped with modern emission controls, this transaction allows us to utilize our reserves of high-Btu, higher sulfur coal along the Ohio River by expanding McElroy Mine.

We also have taken an important step in expanding our coalbed methane gas business. In August of 2001, we concluded a transaction in which we acquired the 50 percent interest of our joint venture partner, Conoco Inc., in the Pocohantas Gas Partnership and the 25 percent interest in the Cardinal States Gathering Company in southwestern Virginia for $160 million.

Just after the fiscal year ended, we concluded the acquisition of three mining complexes from American Electric Power. The transaction included a seven-year, 34 million ton sales contract to provide coal to three power plants we did not serve. One plant, the General James Gavin Station, is a large power station with state-of-the-art emissions controls.

The three acquired mining complexes, which are located in eastern Ohio and northern West Virginia, have relatively short economic reserve lives. As a result, we will expand our McElroy and Robinson Run mines to meet the sales contract requirements.
6

This transaction is important to us strategically. First, it increases our production of coalbed methane gas to 130 million cubic feet per day. For the fiscal year, our gas operations contributed $95 million in pre-tax earnings on production of approximately 103 million cubic feet per day.

Brought to you by Global Reports

Second, we have increased our proved developed and undeveloped reserves of coalbed methane gas to more than 1 trillion cubic feet at a very attractive acquisition cost and low production costs. This enables us to remain profitable even if gas prices do not rebound substantially in 2002.

Allegheny Energy is one of our largest coal customers and a company with whom we have had a long business relationship. Our ability to serve this customer with either coal or gas has allowed us to take this first step into power generation.

Our power generation strategy is linked closely to Finally, the growth in our gas business strengthens our ability to serve the growing electric power generation market in the United States. Two-thirds of U.S. electricity is generated with coal or gas, the two fuels we produce. our fuel positions in coal and gas. By that I mean, we do not plan to build or acquire power plants
$ 27.94 $ 34.50 6/00 $ 15.14 9/00 $ 16.06 12/00 3/01

everywhere. Rather, we intend to expand this leg of our strategy by focusing on facilities that can be served economically by our considerable reserves of coal or gas.

In addition to serving the power generation industry with the two fuels on which they depend most, we also began to execute the third part of our growth strategy ­ the migration into power generation. I regret to report that three employees were fatally injured at work this year and our reportable injuries improved only slightly. However, a number of operations reached our goal of zero accidents for the year. One coal operation, the Wiley surface mine, which is In April 2001, we announced that we would join with Allegheny Energy Inc. to build an 88-megawatt peaking facility in southwest Virginia. This facility, in which we will have a 50 percent interest, will be built near our Virginia gas operations and fueled by the gas we produce. part of our Mill Creek Complex, reached the almost unbelievable milestone of working two million man-hours without a lost-time accident. The last time the employees at Wiley experienced a lost-time accident was in 1986. This remarkable achievement is evidence of the dedication and focus of Wiley

SHARE PRICE

6/01

$ 25.30

7

Brought to you by Global Reports

employees and is the same sort of dedication and
$ 1.27

source. I expect coal prices to be higher than we have seen in the past decade, particularly in the eastern United States, because current shortfalls in

focus that I see everywhere in CONSOL Energy.

To encourage employees to continue their efforts on your behalf, we granted certain employees a 100-share option of CONSOL Energy common stock. In addition, many employees are now eligible to participate in an employee incentive compensation
$ 0.62

supply can only be addressed with the addition of new capital expenditures in coal mines.

The demand for natural gas will remain strong for the foreseeable future as well because of its many uses and because of its clean burning nature. While prices for natural gas will continue to be more volatile than coal, I expect prices to remain, on

program that is tied to specific company goals for net income, cash flow and share price appreciation.

While I was satisfied with this year's financial
$ 0.37

average, above the $3.00 per million Btu-level for the next several years.

performance, I am more excited about the future for CONSOL Energy. I believe our multi-energy

1Q $ 0.05

strategy in coal, gas and electricity is a powerful growth strategy. The increasing penetration of electricity into every facet of our lives will drive the long-term demand for power and for the fuels that generate it. As a result, I believe our strategy can result in a steady bottom line growth of 15 percent per year for the next three to five years.
2Q 3Q 4Q

I thank our shareholders, our employees and our valued customers for their support during the past year. I believe that the strength of our asset base, the soundness of our strategy and the dedicated efforts of our 7,200 employees make CONSOL Energy a company I am very proud to lead.

EARNINGS PER SHARE (diluted)

I believe coal will continue to command its majority market share in power generation because it is our most abundant and most economical domestic fuel

J. BRETT HARVEY
President and Chief Executive Officer September 10, 2001

8

Brought to you by Global Reports

