Dear Shareholders ,

I am pleased to report that our company had one
of its best years ever in 2006. We reported net income of $2.20 per diluted share. Net cash provided by operating activities was $664.5 million.

FINANCIAL

FLEXIBILITY

We also have kept our balance sheet sound, giving us considerable financial flexibility. At year end, we had no short-term debt while long-term

Coal production and sales for the year were somewhat lower than last year, reflecting our decision to cutback production to maintain proper supply/demand balance in our key markets. As a consequence, the average sales price on a ton of coal produced was $38.99, an increase of 9.5 percent compared with last year. Our operating maxim has been to reduce production where market demand will not allow us to earn adequate margins and a fair rate of return on our investment.

debt, including the current portion, was only $552 million. We had nearly $225 million in cash on hand and retain considerable borrowing capacity on our bank facility and through our accounts receivable securitization program.
J. BRETT HARVEY

Brett Harvey, a fourth-genWe believe that 2007 is a year in which opportunities to acquire assets in coal and gas are likely to occur. We have
eration coal miner, has challenged every employee to help the company eliminate all workplace accidents.

On the other hand, sales of company-produced gas increased by 16 percent. The average sales price for natural gas sold by our CNX Gas subsidiary was $7.04 per thousand cubic feet, an increase of 19.3 percent.

purposefully maintained as much financial flexibility as we can so that we can act quickly if opportunities arise.

Longer term, I expect that we will undertake some financial re-engineering of the company, but, at the moment,

Higher prices outpaced increases in costs, allowing us to post improved unit margins on both our products. As I wrote last year, we are convinced, particularly in our coal business, that increasing margins on stable production is a better strategy than increasing volumes on flat margins. We are not averse to increasing production ­ so long as customers signal their need for additional volumes through new sales agreements. But if we have to choose between increasing margins and increasing volumes, we will opt for margin expansion.

I like the agility that our financial position gives the management team during this next twelve months or so.

A

YEAR

OF

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

We accomplished a number of key objectives in 2006:
 We had our best year ever in safety perform-

ance. Injuries and the severity of injuries were reduced substantially, and we had no fatal injuries. We have no higher priority than the safety of our employees and our performance
5
CONSOL Energy Inc. 2006 Annual Report

results were not by chance. We focus management time and resources on meeting or exceeding our safety goals, and we are convinced that our goal of zero accidents is achievable.

 We completed a new five-year labor agreement

with the United Mine Workers of America, who represent 39 percent of our employees. The new agreement commenced on January 1, 2007 and provided fair increases in wages for employees,

 We completed four major, long-term sales agree-

and increased company contributions to employee benefit funds while allowing more flexible work schedules that should enhance productivity.

ments with power generators for approximately 230 million tons of high-Btu, Northern Appalachian coal with an initial value of $10 billion. These contracts manifest the value of our investment in high sulfur, high Btu mines in Northern Appalachia. As customers finish retrofitting sulfur removal systems (scrubbers) to their existing fleet of power plants and the disincentive to using high sulfur coal is removed, our high-Btu coal, because of its close proximity to eastern power plants, becomes the logical fuel choice for many buyers.

 Finally, on May 31, 2006, I personally certified to

the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) that I was not aware of any violation by CONSOL Energy of the NYSE corporate governance listing standards existing on that date. Further, CONSOL Energy filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as an exhibit to our most recent Form 10-K filing, the required Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Section 302 certifications regarding the quality of our public disclosures.

 In conjunction with our Northern Appalachian

strategy, we expanded our river transportation business by acquiring several smaller river operators on the Upper Ohio River, a move that more than doubled our barge fleet and increased our towboats more than three fold. We now have the capacity to serve existing customers better as well as to reach new customers with both coal sales and transportation services.

CHALLENGES

AND

OPPORTUNITIES

Reaching Zero Accidents Without question, ensuring the safety of our employees is our most important challenge.

Most of our mines are underground. There, the environment is constantly changing. Proper planning, continuous observation, and immediate correction of potentially unsafe conditions are a predicate to preventing accidents.

 We completed a 2-for-1 stock split, and initiated a

two-year $300 million share repurchase program.

The human element also is involved in preventing accidents. We emphasize the importance of safety

 Because of our continued operational and finan-

to every employee through training and through activities that continuously create safety awareness. We have built a new training center that

cial improvement, we received upgrades from both Moody's and Standard & Poor's rating agencies.
6
CONSOL Energy Inc. 2006 Annual Report

allows us to provide year-round training for both current and new employees.

Thus far, we have met our hiring goals. We offer competitive salary and benefit packages to all employees; our substantial reserve base of coal and gas allows us

In addition, we are in the process of developing a new approach to safety awareness and training that we believe will accelerate our drive to zero accidents. The discipline of safety is joining the science of safety with a culture of safety. We will use technology to help us monitor conditions, to provide early identification of problem areas, to improve communications between sites underground and between the underground and the surface, and to enhance the safety of equipment. By deploying technology to augment the efforts of our employees, we strive to eliminate the physical conditions in a mine as a source of an accident.

to offer career opportunities, not just short-term jobs; and our reputation as an industry leader, particularly in safety, draws top quality recruits to us.

Once recruited, our challenge will be to train these new employees to ensure that we utilize their talents and that we provide them with the tools to work safely and productively. We have initiated a number of new programs to rapidly improve on the skills that new employees bring to the job, and to match new employees with experienced ones to provide a transfer of working knowledge and work procedures.

The culture of safety, on the other hand, involves engaging the mind of every employee and creating safety as an accepted value. This involves constant training regarding safe work practices, regular discussion of safety issues, both at work and at home, and developing programs to acknowledge and reward safe work practices and safety achievements.

GLOBAL CARBON

CLIMATE

CHANGE

AND

CONSTRAINTS

The most important external issue we will face in the next few years will be the potential for statutory or regulatory constraints on carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions into the atmosphere.

RECRUITING

THE

NEXT

GENERATION

The fuels we produce -- coal and gas -- are fossil fuels that, when burned, emit carbon dioxide. Methane is a GHG in its own right. But coal and gas also produce more than two-thirds of the electricity generated in the United States. As such, we believe that these two fuels must and will continue to play an important

Our second challenge relates, in part, to the first. During the next five to seven years, more than half our current work force may elect to retire. As I noted last year, we are in the midst of a significant effort to hire and train a large number of new employees. We

role in the energy mix of the United States. have substantially enhanced our recruiting efforts, including launching a new, regional advertising campaign targeted primarily at potential employees. I still believe that there is much left to be learned regarding the role of natural forces in the numerous
7
CONSOL Energy Inc. 2006 Annual Report

climate shifts recorded in geologic history compared to the forcing effect manmade emissions have on climate.

watchful for acquisition opportunities, we expect to continue to invest in our existing asset base.

Nevertheless, in the interest of our shareowners, the company is prepared to provide policy makers with the principles we believe should be incorporated into any law proposing to address the climate change issue.

We will invest in existing mines to improve safety and efficiency of production as well as expand production where the market warrants; we will continue to accelerate the development of our proven gas reserves; we will continue to seek new opportunities for our service business-

Our motivation is to allow our products, particularly coal, to continue to serve a central role in the generation of energy in the United States while addressing GHG concerns. Coal is our nation's most abundant domestic energy resource. Its location is known, we have the means to mine it, the infrastructure to deliver it to market, and the technology to convert it to a more convenient form of energy. Moreover, coal provides the nation with a degree of energy security unmatched by any other source of energy available to us.

es, such as Fairmont Supply and our river operations, to provide more diverse revenue and income streams to the company; we will continue to extract additional value from our land assets; and we will continue to invest in our most valuable asset ­ our employees.

OUR COMMITMENT

TO

OUR SHAREOWNERS

We are committed to managing your assets and capital in an ethical, responsible, safe and environmentally sound fashion. We will manage the business to provide shareowners with a sustainable, long-term investment, while

INVESTING

IN

OUR

ASSETS

generating cash streams that allow shareowners to be rewarded in the short-term as well. And we will manage our human assets in a manner that respects the value that each employee adds to our enterprise. We will help each of them contribute to the success of the company while providing them the opportunity to provide a rewarding living for themselves and for their families.

Our business outlook remains very bright, despite the challenges. The U.S. economy will continue to grow, and with it, the demand for energy. The asset base of CONSOL Energy is an enviable one: 4.3 billion tons of proven coal reserves, much of which we own rather than lease; 1.3 trillion cubic feet of proven natural gas reserves; more than 400,000 acres of land; $4 billion of property, plant and equipment investment; and 7,200 experienced, dedicated employees.

My most important mission is to invest our owners'
J. BRETT HARVEY

capital in our assets in a way that maximizes our rate of return. While our management team remains

President and Chief Executive Officer CONSOL Energy Inc. March 27, 2007

8
CONSOL Energy Inc. 2006 Annual Report

