                                                 March 25, 2015
To the Shareholders of CONSOL Energy Inc.:
In 2014, CONSOL Energy focused on a global strategy of increasing net asset value per share (“NAV”) across all facets of the business. Our emphasis on NAV is driven by a strong belief that the intrinsic value of the company’s top tier asset base exceeds the current value assigned to those assets by the markets. NAV is a theme you will find woven throughout every strategic decision and every action taken by our management team and the dedicated employees of CONSOL Energy. Over the past couple of years we have increased our transparency to help the investment community understand how we navigate through the energy environment and capitalize on our strong asset base. We hope this increased transparency and our disciplined investment approach has gained your confidence in how we manage your investment.
We entered the year with tremendous momentum, buoyed by a transformative 2013, which strategically re-positioned the company in an evolving energy landscape. In 2014, we celebrated 150 years operating in the business of delivering British Thermal Units (BTUs). This sesquicentennial anniversary represents a landmark accomplishment we are very proud of, and one that speaks to our commitment to being an innovator in the energy space, as well as a good corporate citizen. With 150 years under our belt, it’s clear that CONSOL Energy continues to be a leader in the energy industry.
We increased production in line with our strategy at the beginning of the year while, at the same time, continuing to drive down costs; we strengthened our core values and introduced measures aimed at making us a safer, more compliant and efficient operator; we are gaining momentum by the day and have positioned the company to compete, thrive and continue to unlock the inherent value of our best-in-class assets.
Each of our successes, goals and objectives are built upon the underpinning of our core values – safety, compliance and continuous improvement, which continue to serve as the foundation of our business model. Our emphasis on, and investment in, safety and compliance not only drive NAV through reduced costs over the long term, but they also increase reliability for our customers, which is a key differentiator from many of our peers.
An important illustration of our commitment to these values occurred during the fourth quarter of 2014, when a midstream company that handles and processes a portion of our gas and liquids suffered a fatality on a site adjacent to a CONSOL Energy pad. As a result of this tragedy, we elected to shut-in pads serviced by this midstream provider while safety practices and protocols were evaluated and improved. As a result of this process, we estimate that the shut-in pads accounted for 2.7 Bcfe worth of lost production in the quarter.
We will never prioritize operational or financial goals at the expense of safety, and I am very proud of the way in which our team handled this matter: never compromising our top core value.
Core Values
Throughout the year, a behavioral training program called ‘Positively CONSOL’ was introduced to the company, beginning with coal and E&P operations personnel. In an effort to further engender the concepts embodied in Positively CONSOL within the larger corporate culture, the training was ultimately presented to all operational and corporate support staff. Positively CONSOL is strengthening our Absolute ZERO safety culture and focusing attention on behaviors that drive decision-making, and positioning the team to be safer, more efficient and effective in their daily work towards achieving our key goals for the year and beyond, ultimately driving increased value for our shareholders.
The effort is showing encouraging results, specifically related to the top core value of safety, as number four and five fatal potential exceptions – on a five point scale – were reduced by 44 percent during 2014. During 2014, 98 percent of the company’s employees worked the entire year without a reportable accident, and 70 percent of all work locations worked at ZERO for the entire year.

CONSOL Energy’s E&P Division surpassed eight million exposure hours without a lost time employee accident, and the Coal Division’s safety performance was approximately two times better than the underground industry average, based upon preliminary MSHA data.
Our overall recordable incident rate for 2014 was 1.62, down from 1.72 in 2013.
For the year, continuous improvement also occurred in both E&P and coal operations in terms of environmental compliance. In fact, we achieved a record year in this regard improving our compliance year-over-year by 6 percent, while also achieving a 56 percent reduction in violations since we began reporting in 2011.
In late March, we expect to issue our fourth annual Corporate Responsibility Report. The report provides greater detail on our safety and compliance results from 2014 and our action plan to continue to move the needle in the positive direction on these issues for 2015.
Financial Results
CONSOL Energy reported net income from continuing operations for 2014 of $169 million, or $0.73 per diluted share, compared to $79 million, or $0.35 per diluted share for 2013.
Net cash provided by operating activities was $937 million in 2014, up from $659 million in 2013.
CONSOL Energy ended 2014 with liquidity of $2.0 billion, including $177 million in cash, while closing out the remaining capital expansion projects on the coal side. In 2014, CONSOL received $412 million in cash proceeds from the sales of assets, which resulted in a gain on sale of $44 million. These sales included several non-core business assets: our industrial supplies subsidiary, coal reserves in the Illinois Basin, surface properties in Illinois, a 50% interest in an equity affiliate and a 50% interest in Utica Shale acres to our joint venture partner, Noble Energy. Our monetization program of divesting non- core assets allowed us to bring value forward and focus on developing the assets that are core to operations, which ultimately drive NAV per share.
On September 30, 2014, CONE Midstream Partners, LP closed its initial public offering of 20,125,000 common units representing limited partnership interest at a price to the public of $22.00 per unit.
Also, CONSOL recently announced a revised 2015 E&P capital expenditure budget of $920 million, excluding business development, permitting, and land acquisitions. The revised budget reflects a continued focus to high-grade the development plan to further reduce capital in a lower commodity price environment, while maintaining strong production growth targets. The reduced budget is a decrease from the initial $1.0 billion E&P capital plan that was announced in January 2015. In addition to E&P capital, CONSOL also expects to invest $220 million in the Coal Division: $160 million in maintenance of production capital, and $60 million in land, safety, water, terminal operations, and other miscellaneous categories.
E&P Division
The division was re-structured from top to bottom, beginning with bringing on a new chief operating officer, Tim Dugan. Tim has a wide breadth of E&P experience that he is leveraging to lead the company’s steep growth trajectory goals. In addition to strong production growth targets, the E&P Division continues to focus on realizing cost efficiencies throughout operations, which were achieved, in part, by centralizing E&P management at corporate headquarters, and through the designation of multi-disciplinary asset teams to optimize our capital expenditure strategy and lead the continued development of our acreage position.
In 2014, CONSOL Energy produced 235.7 Bcfe, well above our 30 percent growth target – with record Marcellus Shale production of 111.7 Bcfe – 93 percent higher than 2013. We posted record production levels of 70.5 Bcfe in the fourth quarter of 2014, a full 45 percent higher than the fourth quarter of 2013.
Of the total record production in 2014, 47 percent was derived from the Marcellus Shale, 34 percent from coalbed methane, 7 percent from the Utica Shale and 12 percent in the “other” category, which includes shallow oil and gas wells and other shale horizons. This is the first time that Marcellus Shale production surpassed coalbed methane production, which represents an important milestone and clearly marks the Marcellus as the growth engine of the company.

In addition to the success in the Marcellus Shale, our Utica Shale segment continued to exceed our expectations in 2014. We achieved record production in the fourth quarter of 7.1 Bcfe, up from 0.5 Bcfe in the 2013 fourth quarter, which exceeded our annual 2014 production guidance with total Utica Shale production of 16.7 Bcfe during the year. Not only are we seeing success in the growth of Utica volumes becoming a larger portion of our total production, but the well performance continues to improve as well. During the third quarter of 2014, CONSOL operated the four highest producing oil wells in the Utica in the state of Ohio.
We are also seeing significant reductions in unit costs in our Utica Shale operating area. In the fourth quarter, total all-in unit costs were $2.24 per Mcfe for the Utica Shale. This is a drastic improvement compared to the previous year’s quarter. The higher Utica Shale volumes, along with lower gathering and transportation costs, have contributed to the lower costs.
Further, we finalized an agreement with Columbia Energy Ventures to sublease approximately 20,000 contiguous acres of Utica Shale and Upper Devonian gas rights in Pennsylvania and West Virginia, making CONSOL Energy one of the largest holders of Utica Shale acreage in these states.
As of December 31, 2014, total proved reserves were 6.8 Tcfe, which is a 19 percent increase, compared to year-end 2013. Total proved reserves consisted of 53 percent that were proved undeveloped (PUDs), which is slightly conservative when compared to 56% at year-end 2013. Also, the company typically books approximately 50 percent of the 5-year drill plan as PUD locations.
Another exciting story that is developing in our E&P Division is the stacked pay potential across our acreage and the ability to develop multiple formations from the same pad. This is a concept that we initially tested in June of 2013 with our first Upper Devonian well, NV39F. This well was developed on an existing Marcellus pad, where we saw impressive results not only from the Upper Devonian well, but also from two underlying Marcellus wells. Below the Upper Devonian and Marcellus lies the dry Utica. During the fourth quarter, we began drilling four dry Utica wells and one Marcellus well from the same pad in our 100 percent-owned acreage in Monroe County, Ohio. We also began drilling two dry Utica wells within our Pennsylvania acreage. These dry Utica wells will be drilled from existing Marcellus pads. As different areas and formations such as the dry Utica continue to be delineated and developed across Pennsylvania and West Virginia, this has the potential to open up an entirely new frontier for CONSOL Energy.
These stacked pay opportunities are meaningfully improving our options regarding production growth, reducing our capital intensity for targeted production levels and increasing shareholder value.
We expect to produce 300-310 Bcfe for 2015, which reflects a 30 percent annual gas production growth target. We are retaining the flexibility to increase activity levels in 2015 if the forward trend in gas prices justifies increasing production. Whether we increase activity levels in 2015 will largely determine our production growth in 2016, which we expect to exceed 20% over 2015 production levels.
Drilling activity commenced at Pittsburgh International Airport in the third quarter of 2014, increasing our visibility and profile as one of the top E&P companies operating in the space.
We have just completed a pivotal and very successful year for the E&P Division, with strong momentum carrying us into 2015.
Coal Division
With an estimated 3.2 billion tons of proven and probable coal reserves, the Coal Division completed one of the most successful years in the company’s history by efficiently producing a remarkable 8 million tons in the fourth quarter of 2014.
In 2014, we completed the final growth capital project associated with our Coal Division by formally commissioning the Harvey Mine, representing the third mine and fifth longwall system at the Pennsylvania Complex.
We expect the Coal Division to operate on maintenance of production capital moving forward.
In an effort of continuous improvement and to provide a greater level of transparency that is more in line with how we view our operations, CONSOL recently recast the Coal Division financials into the following segments: Pennsylvania (PA) Operations, Virginia (VA) Operations, and Other.

Pennsylvania (PA) Operations:
In the Pennsylvania Operations, the Bailey Mine had a record year with annual production of 12.3 million tons, which exceeded the mine’s previous annual production record of 11.1 million tons in 2005. The Enlow Fork Mine saw a series of major efficiency projects come to a close in 2014, delivering the lowest cost per ton within the company.
Throughout 2014, the Pennsylvania Operations performed in many ways that epitomized CONSOL Energy’s core values. Facility upgrades, production records and the start-up of a new longwall system were all realized, while exploring safer ways to operate, reduce violations and increase efficiencies in all facets of operations.
The Pennsylvania Complex demonstrated this mindset throughout the year, illustrated by successfully producing a monthly record of over 2.5 million tons in April and a single day record of 126,512 tons on May 15, 2014.
In 2014, we embarked on a new strategy for marketing our thermal coal assets. This strategy is a departure from the one utilized by the coal industry in prior years and reflects the new realities of 2015 and beyond.
Not too long ago, one could expect U.S. coal demand to grow regularly as a percentage of overall GDP growth each year. In that old world, scale was the name of the game where coal producers sought to consolidate and grow reserves, production, and operating basins to bring as much economies of scale to the table as possible. The production book was then allocated to as wide of a range of power plants, domestic and international, as possible to diversify the portfolio, often under fixed price contracts.
As effective as that strategy was in the past for CONSOL Energy and others, times have changed. Declining coal demand is the result of two primary drivers: the cumulative impact of a range of regulation for coal-fired power generation and the American shale revolution.
Lost generation from the retiring portions of the coal fleet will be replaced largely by two sources: efficient, surviving coal plants running at higher capacity factors and natural gas-fired generation.
While these factors will continue to impact electricity markets, the U.S. Department of Energy estimates that coal-fired generation will dip to approximately 33 percent and then level off and hold steady at that rate as far out as 2040. Coal is here to stay and will continue to be a foundational domestic fuel for the long-term.
The coal plants that survive will be the lowest heat rate, most highly capitalized units out there and they will thrive in a power market where increasingly their competition is natural gas. The “dark spread” margins of these surviving coal plants should be attractive, especially during periods when natural gas prices increase.
CONSOL Energy’s thermal marketing strategy in this new world is to operate only the coal mines with the highest quality specs, the lowest cost, the best capitalized infrastructure and the most advantaged logistics in the nation. That precisely describes our Pennsylvania Operations, and we will focus on supplying those coal-fired power plants that will not only survive but thrive. We will continue to develop multi-year term business with those plants and structure those arrangements where a true partnership exists between ourselves and the power producer over the term of the agreement, no matter what market prices may do.
In 2015 and beyond, bigger is not necessarily better. The marketing strategy we just outlined for our thermal segment is a formula for long-term success as CONSOL Energy continues to evolve in this changing energy landscape.
Virginia (VA) Operations:
In the Virginia Operations, our premier Buchanan Mine, again, repeated its stellar cost performance. Total costs per ton sold at Buchanan Mine were $53.96 per ton in fourth quarter of 2014, or a reduction of $12.64 per ton from the year-earlier quarter.
The mine has undergone important efficiency projects, while operating on a reduced schedule. Even in the challenging met environment, the Virginia Operations managed to claim the top spot as the most productive mine in Central Appalachia by
  
tons produced. As a result of the low cost structure, our Virginia Operations are poised to deliver significant value when the market turns. There is no other metallurgical coal mine in the world quite like the Buchanan mine.
In summary, CONSOL Energy’s coal complexes are some of the most well-capitalized, safest, productive and profitable mines in the world, and they stand ready to meet the demands of domestic and global markets, while generating significant value for our shareholders over the long term.
Other Measures Aimed at Increasing NAV
One of the benefits of being a 150-year old company is having a suite of assets that we might consider non-core to our current operations, but that have value to others. These non-core assets continue to be an important part of our story and a positive aspect in driving NAV for the shareholders of CONSOL Energy. The company’s non-core asset sales program is well ahead of schedule based on the previously stated goal of selling $1 billion of assets over five years, ending in 2019.
For 2014, CONSOL Energy received a total of $459 million in cash proceeds from asset sales and return on equity investments, including $252 million in cash proceeds from the sale of various assets. The balance of cash proceeds in 2014 were primarily comprised of sale leaseback transactions for mine shields and a payment from our joint venture partner for their portion of the acquired acreage in a Marcellus farm-in transaction. In addition to the total cash proceeds from asset sales and return on equity investments in 2014, the company also received $204 million of proceeds from the initial public offering of CONE Midstream Partners LP, of which $47 million is included in return on equity investments.
In an effort of continuous improvement, corporate support costs in 2014 were reduced by $9 million from 2013, while continuing to provide high quality service to our operations. Additionally, approximately $350 million of balance sheet liabilities were removed through a series of structural changes aimed at modernizing the way in which the company administers post-retirement benefits.
Consolidation of services was a key theme across the supply chains in both E&P and coal operations. Efficiencies were identified within the vendor and supplier community, which improved the NAV of the company by approximately $15 million. Our corporate support function is keenly focused on advancing initiatives and developing ideas with the mindset of an NAV per share-driven company.
The attention of our entire team remains focused on our three key segments within Appalachia – E&P, thermal coal and met coal – while important progress was made in pulling value forward from non-core assets as well.
Summary and Look Ahead
Undoubtedly, we are operating within the context of a very challenging environment across the energy industry. The commodity price environment is providing stiff headwinds, but CONSOL Energy has been preparing for these challenges.
We have lived through the volatility of commodity cycles before, and we will capitalize on the downturn. These types of downturns create opportunities for us to continue to differentiate ourselves from our peers. That is the benefit of being a low- cost producer with tier one assets, a focused and prepared management team, and a strong liquidity position.
Notwithstanding this challenging environment, CONSOL Energy will aggressively pursue its goals and objectives for 2015.
I began this letter summarizing the rationale behind CONSOL Energy’s focus on the concept of NAV, and I want to leave you with some thoughts about our path forward in terms of creating value for our shareholders. As we look to 2015 and beyond, in addition to the steady execution of our operational plan, several initiatives will define our efforts with regard to driving NAV for our shareholders:
• ThermCo and MetCo1 – we intend to pursue the initial public offerings of both a thermal coal MLP and a metallurgical coal subsidiary in order to bring forward the value of those assets, improve transparency as to the value of all of our assets across both E&P and coal, provide additional vehicles for accessing capital markets and enable CONSOL Energy to retain control and enjoy the benefits of these fully capitalized, cash flow-generating assets.
 
• Refinancing – we have assessed refinancing options in order to lower interest rates, improve covenant flexibility and align those covenants with our corporate strategy; and on March 9, 2015, we announced a tender offer for any and all of our outstanding 8.25% senior notes due 2020 and any and all of our 6.375% senior notes due 2021.
• Stock Repurchase Program – we implemented a $250 million stock repurchase program which we view as a great rate of return investment and a strong NAV driver.
• Managing Overhead – we will continue efforts to streamline support functions and reduce overhead costs, measures that will make us a stronger and more efficient company.
Look for more details on these initiatives in the weeks and months ahead as the transformation of our 150-year old company continues.
The energy business is changing once again, and, true to our legacy, CONSOL Energy is embracing that change and adapting to new these realities exceptionally well. Today, CONSOL Energy finds itself poised to continue to separate itself from the competition and to continue to grow shareholder value.
Nick DeIuliis
President and Chief Executive Officer
In memory of Michael J. Justice, Maintenance Supervisor, Buchanan Mine, 1973 – 2014. May his loss continue to intensify our resolve to ensure that safety transcends traditional physical elements to define a culture of conscience that permeates the entire CONSOL family.
     1
Registration statements relating to the securities of the thermal coal MLP or metallurgical coal subsidiary that would be sold in any initial public offerings have not been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or become effective. Any reference in this presentation to any initial public offerings does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any such securities.
