 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
2007 was a tough year across the financial services industry, and Capital One® was not immune from these difficulties. Total shareholder return was disappointing, at minus 38 percent, in the midst of the worst year for financial stocks since 1990.
Despite industry headwinds, the fundamentals of our national lending and local banking businesses remained solid. Our businesses, particularly U.S. Card and our bank, generated solid returns and significant capital. We continued to drive revenue growth and revenue margin expansion. We attacked costs and are on track to save $700 million by the end of 2009.
We recruited an all-star management team to the bank, and we are making strong progress on our integration of North Fork Bank as we prepare to convert
to the Capital One brand in 2008. We largely cleared the decks of our exposure
to the vagaries of the secondary mortgage market. We tightened underwriting in our national consumer lending businesses, especially in the markets hardest hit by home price depreciation. And we remained focused on the disciplined deployment of our shareholders’ capital, completing $3 billion of share repurchases in 2007, well ahead of our original mid-2008 target date.
While the exogenous environment has taken its toll, we have been well-served by the choices we have made over the years to fortify our company in anticipation of difficult times. We made the decision to transform our company with our entry into banking, significantly reducing our reliance on the capital markets. Nearly half
of our assets are now deposit funded. Our bank has provided us with stability, shielding us from the market disruption that has left many non-depository specialty lenders starved for funding. In addition, our long-standing focus on building a strong balance sheet has put us on solid footing.
While our bank acquisitions have insulated us from the volatility of the capital markets, we inherited GreenPoint Mortgage as part of the North Fork deal. In the face of the unprecedented disruption in the secondary mortgage markets, we acted
1

 “We are driving shareholder value through the disciplined management of our balance sheet.”
prudently to mitigate our mortgage exposure by shutting down GreenPoint’s wholesale mortgage origination business in the third quarter of 2007, resulting in an after-tax charge of $1 billion for the year, the majority of which was a non-cash write-down
to goodwill. This write-down, along with one-time charges relating to the North Fork integration and our cost reduction initiative, substantially impacted our 2007
GAAP earnings per share of $3.97, down 48 percent from 2006. Our earnings from continuing operations were $6.52 per share for the year, down 14 percent from last year’s record levels.
As we head into 2008, Capital One remains well-positioned to weather market turbulence and to compete and win in each of our businesses. We have arrived at our strategic destination. Our transformation into a broadly diversified financial services company is complete. We have an outstanding team of results-driven executives leading all of our businesses. The pieces are in place to thrive in a competitive marketplace and deliver shareholder value.
We Are Well-Positioned To Create Enduring Shareholder Value
From the beginning, we have worked to generate shareholder value by building a strong, diversified company that is structurally advantaged in the marketplace, fortified against downside risks, and made up of exceptionally talented people with a culture that empowers them to succeed. As a result, we delivered an average annual return on equity of 22 percent and EPS growth of 21 percent since becoming a public company in 1994.
As we have been saying for years, the banking industry is bifurcating along product dimensions. Half of banking is erupting into national scale businesses, while half of banking remains fiercely local despite banks’ best efforts to nationalize them. Nearly every institution is taking either the national or local path, but not both. Most banks are becoming unbalanced as a result of their choices. National specialty lenders
lack funding resilience without access to local deposits. Local banks, whose shelves have been stripped of many national lending products, are becoming increasingly concentrated in commercial real estate. At Capital One, we are reconstructing a balanced and diversified bank balance sheet by bringing together the best of national lending and local banking.
As we execute on our strategy, we are well-positioned to generate significant shareholder value. Our two largest businesses—credit cards and local banking—are each exceptional in their own right, and they are even more exceptional together. These are two of the most enduringly profitable businesses in all of banking, and together
2

they represent a greater proportion of our company, delivering approximately 90 percent of our earnings, than they do at any other large bank. While these businesses may grow modestly given their scale and the consolidation in their respective markets, they will continue to generate considerable shareholder value through a mix of moderate growth and exceptional capital generation.
The remainder of Capital One is made up of our portfolio of diversified businesses, which are classic information-based businesses in various stages of national consolidation. These businesses are well-positioned to deliver strong growth over time as they ride the consolidation wave, subject to appropriate prudence in the current economic cycle. We are building scale positions in these businesses and, when the consolidation stops, they should be positioned to continue to generate above hurdle returns and excess capital.
We have sufficient scale at the right level in each of our national and local businesses today to compete effectively with the biggest players in financial services. With our current scale, we have both upside opportunities for organic growth and the ability to reap the operating efficiencies that are a byproduct of a scale business. We not only have the relevant scale to compete against the top handful of national banks, we have a considerable scale advantage on the other thousands of banks in the United States.
Our scale position enables us to drive down costs and create operating leverage. In 2007, we launched a comprehensive cost management initiative designed to take $700 million out of our 2009 running rate of operating costs. As a result of this effort, we expect our absolute level of 2008 operating expenses to be at least $200 million lower than in 2007. And we continue to target an efficiency ratio in the mid-40s in 2008.
Driving efficiency is not a one-time initiative. Disciplined cost management is an ongoing part of how we create shareholder value. We will continue to focus on excellence in costs and process re-engineering to further improve speed to market, innovation, and operating leverage in the years to come.
We Are Deploying Capital To Deliver Shareholder Returns
We are driving shareholder value through the disciplined management of our balance sheet. Capital One’s diversification on both sides of the balance sheet, and the resulting change in our risk profile, decreases our capital requirements significantly and creates substantial capital efficiency benefits. A combination of our high returns on tangible equity, capital efficiency, and slower growth is driving significant capital generation.
3

4
This combination also enabled us to generate excess capital in a range of about
80–90 percent of net income after tax over the past several years, reaching approximately $2 billion in 2007.
We expect this excess capital generation to continue and plan to deploy our excess capital to achieve the highest returns. As stewards of our shareholders’ capital, we begin with reinvesting capital to support organic growth opportunities that can achieve above hurdle rate returns on a risk-adjusted basis, even in the face of potential credit degradation. We apply this standard to all of our businesses and regularly evaluate our businesses to ensure that they either are delivering above hurdle returns or have line of sight to doing so. Our steadfast commitment to only invest shareholder capital in assets that offer compelling risk-adjusted returns was evident during 2007 in our choices
to shut down our wholesale mortgage origination business and to exit less resilient segments of our UK and auto finance businesses.
In addition, we are committed to returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends. In January 2008, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.375 per share, a level that we can comfortably sustain even in the face of economic uncertainties. Share repurchases also have been an important contributor to delivering shareholder value. In 2007, we repurchased shares representing about 10 percent of our company’s outstanding common stock as of the end of the year. Going forward, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be an important means of deploying our excess capital, subject to holding capital as an appropriate buffer during challenging economic cycles.
The underlying longer-term business trajectory of Capital One is solid, fueled by moderate revenue growth in our credit card and banking businesses, stronger growth in our other national lending businesses, and improved operating efficiency. The resulting earnings growth over the cycle, combined with the return of capital to our shareholders, should drive above-average total returns. As important as our trajectory is, however, equally important is the fact that we have created a robust and stable business as we have transformed our company.
Two Decades Of Conservatism Have Made Capital One Resilient
Building a business that has all of the ingredients to win is of little importance unless it is sustainable, even during periods of economic uncertainty. From the inception of the company, we have been focused on building a company that is robust and

  “From the inception
of the company, we have been focused on building
a company that is robust and resilient during
both good times and bad.”
5

6
resilient during both good times and bad. Downside risk protection in the event of a potential credit downturn is always a high calling for a lending business. This fact became abundantly clear during 2007 as lenders fell by the wayside because of risk management challenges. Our choices about business mix, credit risk management, and capital and liquidity are all part of our comprehensive resiliency strategy.
Capital One has a deep heritage of “preemptive conservatism.” Our approach is premised on our belief that the choices a company makes during the good times will determine how it fares during the tough times. Therefore, we do not seek short-term gains that expose us to long-term risks.
While an economic downturn would impact our income statement, we have
been rigorously focused for years on building our company to weather a potential downturn and to thrive as we emerge on the other side. We have always operated on the assumption that the future will be worse than the past and that a recession starts tomorrow. For two decades, we have hardwired economic worsening assumptions into the underwriting process for every consumer loan we make.
The core tenets of our resiliency approach were evident in our actions in 2007. We tightened underwriting in each of our consumer lending businesses, especially in those geographical areas experiencing the sharpest declines in home values. We updated our credit models to reflect the rapidly evolving competitive and economic environment. And we pulled back on lower resiliency business segments across the company, such as the prime revolver segment in U.S. Card and the GreenPoint mortgage originations business, to mitigate our exposure to riskier asset classes.
The pursuit of balance sheet resiliency is another foundational tenet of our company. Our balance sheet strength was on display during the market dislocation in 2007. Our improved credit ratings, ability to deploy deposit funding across our balance sheet, and flexibility in tapping the capital markets helped us weather the unprecedented capital markets storm, and will continue to do so.
Like our underwriting approach, we hardwire “preemptive conservatism” into our funding plan. We operate on the assumption that we will need to endure sustained periods of market dislocation for each of our financing programs. We have retained our heritage of fortified funding, stockpiling potentially volatile funding sources, like our supply of BBB and A rated credit card securitizations, which allows us to rely exclusively on AAA rated issuance during times of market stress.

We also have the flexibility to tap into our deep liquidity (over $29 billion as of December 31, 2007), which we believe is highly accessible even during challenging times. Our liquidity portfolio contains virtually no subprime and has no CDO or SIV exposure. In fact, our liquidity portfolio increased in value by about $300 million during the second half of 2007. We also retain a relatively matched book of assets and liabilities, and continue to have a low tolerance for taking interest rate risk.
Of course, while we are conservative and prudent, Capital One is still subject to cyclical forces. That is why resiliency always has been an imperative for us. Our resiliency will continue to pay off in the event of persistent economic pressures in 2008. We regularly subject our businesses to recession scenarios. Even assuming significant economic worsening, our company would remain well-capitalized, maintain ample liquidity, and be able to pay dividends despite lower levels of profitability.
Consumer Lending Delivered Profitable Growth
Our portfolio of consumer lending businesses collectively continued to deliver prudent growth and strong profitability.
U.S. Card
Our U.S. Card business had a strong year in 2007, led by solid revenue and profit growth, great execution on infrastructure initiatives, and a continued commitment to delivering great value and convenience to our customers. However, even if U.S. Card did not grow revenues by a penny, the value creation of the business would still be extraordinary due to its tremendous capital generation. U.S. Card generated $2 billion of capital in 2007.
The credit card industry is consolidated, with the top six players having about 80 percent of the market. Along with consolidation, the growth rate of the industry has naturally slowed. Despite an intensely competitive environment, our U.S. Card business continued to deliver exceptional results. While most of our credit card competitors saw profits shrink in 2007, our U.S. Card business delivered net income of $2.1 billion in 2007,
up 16 percent from the prior year. Top line revenue also improved to $8.9 billion, up 11 percent over 2006. Returns on allocated capital in 2007 continued to be healthy, in excess of 50 percent for the year. The earnings power of our credit card business was particularly impressive given the infrastructure investments we made during the year.
In addition, we improved the resiliency of the business by making selected pricing changes, such as repricing certain assets where the matched funding had expired after many years following the conversion to our new credit card operating system. These
“Despite an intensely competitive environment, our U.S. Card business continued
to deliver exceptional results.”
 7

8
changes, and the revenues they generate, will serve us well as credit continues to normalize and in the event of ongoing consumer credit pressures.
U.S. Card continued to drive efficiency gains, and its run-rate efficiency ratio is now around 35 percent. We also maintained our long-standing focus on generating strong risk-adjusted returns. In 2007, our U.S. Card business delivered after-tax returns on managed loans of 4.2 percent, significantly above industry norms, with a managed charge-off rate of 4.31 percent.
Innovation remained alive and well in our U.S. Card business as we strove to be
“first in wallet” with all of our customers. During 2007, we continued to focus on generating upmarket, transactor business. We believe this business provides the
most enduring growth opportunities and customer loyalty in all of credit cards. We introduced new and compelling rewards offers throughout the year that we expect to drive future growth.
We continued to empower consumers by providing exceptional value, clarity,
and convenience. For example, in late 2007, we launched Capital One CardLab, a revolutionary and interactive way to shop for a credit card that enables consumers to customize their cards conveniently online. Capital One CardLab puts choice and control in the hands of our customers. They can choose the rewards and product features most important to them, and even download their photos onto the front of their cards. An independent survey of credit card offers from all major issuers named the Capital One CardLab the top new credit card introduction in 2007 based on its appeal and popularity.
In 2007, we also completed the multi-year transformation of our U.S. Card infrastructure. Our new operating platform is driving innovation and efficiency, resulting in a 50 percent average reduction in time to market. We expect to realize further benefits as we fully utilize the capabilities of the platform.
Credit card practices have come under intense scrutiny this year. In this environment, the choices we have made over many years are paying off. For example, we provide industry-leading disclosures to our customers and have been an industry advocate for the improvement of credit card disclosures. Many other issuers have been criticized for practices such as “universal default” (where issuers increase interest rates because of customer behavior on other loans or changes to credit bureau scores) and double-cycle billing. In contrast, Capital One never used universal default or double-cycle billing in

the first place. We made these choices well before the industry was under a spotlight. And we believe that they are driving long-term customer loyalty and profitability.
Auto Finance
This was a particularly challenging year for the auto finance industry and for
Capital One Auto Finance (COAF). COAF’s net loss for the year was $34 million, down 114 percent from 2006, with credit deterioration driving the bulk of the profitability decrease. Origination volumes were up 5 percent year-over-year, adjusted for the addition of the North Fork auto portfolio. Over the years, we have built a competitive, scale business in auto finance, becoming the second largest non-captive auto lender in the United States. However, COAF’s results this year were unsatisfactory.
We have taken decisive action to address the challenges in our auto finance business. We introduced second and third generation credit models in our prime auto business that have much tighter credit criteria. We pulled back from selected segments of the auto finance market, scaling back originations to reflect the uncertainties in the credit environment and focusing only on the most profitable and resilient segments. We took advantage of market opportunities later in 2007 to make loans with significantly higher credit scores and leveraged our pricing power to improve margins. We continued to aggressively reduce costs and increase operating leverage. We slowed or stopped growth in areas most impacted by home price depreciation. And we cut higher risk dealerships that have worse overall credit performance on a portfolio basis.
The year’s brightest spot for COAF was the introduction of our new dealer relationship model. We have integrated the various programs from our legacy auto acquisitions and now are presenting one integrated face to the dealer. Early returns are promising. Our dealer satisfaction, as measured by J.D. Power, went up 32 percent in a short amount of time. Our deeper dealer relationships typically generate more loans from each dealer with better credit quality.
Global Financial Services
Global Financial Services, or GFS, is our portfolio of emerging national scale growth businesses, including small business, home loans, installment lending, healthcare finance, and our UK and Canadian businesses. GFS delivered a solid year, despite credit pressures in the United States and the UK, with net income of $299 million in 2007, up 9 percent from 2006, and managed loan growth of $2 billion, or 9 percent. GFS continued to provide meaningful diversification and growth to the company, while delivering solid returns on allocated capital of 17 percent.
9

10
Our national small business franchise is one of the leading providers of small business credit cards, lines of credit, and Small Business Administration loans in the United States. Small business continued to perform well in 2007, with outstandings growth of $760 million, solid credit performance, and credit card purchase volumes up 7 percent over 2006. Our installment lending business, which includes our directly marketed installment loans and our point-of-sale healthcare finance business, delivered profitable growth in 2007. Capital One Home Loans, our direct-to-consumer home loans business, continued to provide a brand-defining customer experience, even as it shifted its business model to originate and sell mostly conforming first mortgages. COHL also became the mortgage origination platform for our bank branches, building scale and volume in footprint which helps resiliency and improves operating leverage.
The credit environment in the UK has stabilized, and our UK credit card business is starting to rebound. Canada arguably emerged as the Most Valuable Player in the GFS portfolio this year, effectively competing against the entrenched, incumbent banks in the Canadian market with great rates and compelling rewards offers.
GFS delivered strong profits, growth, and risk-adjusted returns on capital in 2007. With investments in marketing, people, and infrastructure, our GFS businesses are poised to carry strong momentum into 2008 and beyond.
We Are Becoming “One Bank”
2007 was a big year for the bank. Our transformative banking acquisitions have diversified our company, insulated us from capital markets volatility, and reduced funding costs. Our bank provides us with much more than risk mitigation. It has enormous potential to create value. We now are the fourteenth largest bank in the United States, with 742 branches and 1,288 ATM locations across our banking footprint. Banking is the second largest income producer for the company, generating $574 million in net income in 2007 and returns on allocated capital of 22 percent. And we have scale positions in some of the most attractive and resilient banking markets in the United States.
During 2007, we assembled a new senior management team to build a winning retail and commercial bank in all of our markets in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Louisiana, and Texas. The team is led by Lynn Pike as president of our banking division. Lynn brings a wealth of banking experience to our company from her years at Bank of America (and Wells Fargo and Fleet Boston before that) and a great eye for talent. Since

joining Capital One, Lynn has recruited an all-star management team from major banks, including Mike Slocum (Wachovia) to run our commercial business and Mike Azevedo (Wells Fargo) to run our bank operations.
In order to realize the bank’s value, our management team has been extraordinarily focused on delivering a sure-footed integration and driving tangible near-term growth opportunities. The integration of our banks is complex. We are bringing two banks (Hibernia and North Fork) together with Capital One’s legacy operations. When the integration is complete, we will become “one bank” with a consistent and compelling customer experience across our footprint in all of our channels.
I am pleased to report that the integration is on track. We have completed the Hibernia integration and have converted to the Capital One brand in Texas and Louisiana. We have integrated our human resources, finance, and treasury functions across the enterprise. Our national credit card and auto businesses now provide the product and distribution infrastructure for the entire bank. We are making the tough decisions and sound investments to make sure we meet our stringent integration objectives. Following the integration, we can tap into growth opportunities in commercial, small business, and retail. And we can leverage Capital One’s powerful brand, massive customer reach, competitive consumer lending products, and strong analytical capabilities to complement our bank’s already strong customer loyalty.
Despite the demands of the integration, and the challenging banking environment, our banking division continued to deliver solid performance. Deposits, as we anticipated, were roughly flat at $73 billion. Our loan portfolio remained strong, well-diversified, and low risk, with net charge-offs of 20 basis points.
In addition, we are pursuing growth opportunities and driving innovation in the bank. We are already seeing significant traffic flow into our branches from our national customer base in Texas and Louisiana. After the North Fork Bank conversion, we intend to pursue similar consumer and small business opportunities in the New York and New Jersey markets. We are making it easier than ever to become a customer of our bank.
In 2007, we introduced SmartSwitch®, which enables our customers to reliably and easily move their entire banking relationship from another bank to Capital One, including the seamless transfer of electronic bill pay information. We also have one of the best customer experiences in commercial banking, achieving some of the highest scores
in the industry for client loyalty. We are committed to the commercial business and it continues to be a strong performer.
“In order
to realize the bank’s value,
our management team has been extraordinarily focused on delivering a sure-footed integration
and driving tangible near- term growth opportunities.”
 11

 “At Capital One, our brand is premised on empowering our customers with informed choice, great value,
and excellent service.”
We have a lot of work to do in 2008, and our priorities are clear. We must execute a flawless integration, accentuate top line growth, and build out our infrastructure
in targeted ways to enable that growth and deliver a great customer experience. Our bank, located in some of the best local markets in the United States, provides
a tremendous opportunity to continue to build deeper relationships with our commercial and retail customers.
We Are Living Our Brand
The Capital One brand stands for many things—innovation, great value, and convenience just to name a few. Increasingly, a handful of big banks are breaking away from the pack by establishing a national brand. Capital One is one of them. Our brand has never been more relevant as we seek to bring customers into our branches and expand our inbound marketing channels, like the internet, in our national lending businesses.
We continue to have one of the most recognized brands in financial services, with
99 percent total brand awareness. And our brand is extensible. We have demonstrated that our powerful brand can reach new transaction and small business customers, new channels like the internet, and new products like deposits and home loans.
We continued to have some of the most visible and memorable television ads in the industry, such as our Visigoths campaign and our small business commercials which
ask proprietors whether their banks “think small about small business.” We launched Capital One CardLab in late 2007 with an integrated marketing campaign that included innovative television ads featuring a mad scientist and a futuristic space warlord who become obsessed with building their own Capital One credit cards. Our brand launch in Louisiana and Texas was successful, as the Visigoths promised to “bring banking out of the dark ages.” And we are gearing up for a strong brand launch in the greater New York region when we convert North Fork to the Capital One brand in 2008.
However, our brand is not defined by our television commercials. It is defined by
the quality of our products and our customer experience. At Capital One, our brand
is premised on empowering our customers with informed choice, great value, and excellent service. We are building on our heritage of bringing our customers great value without the hassle by investing in our customer experience to drive ongoing customer loyalty. We also are investing in world-class customer infrastructure, such as an
12

integrated view of customer relationships and enhanced online servicing capabilities. These investments will enable us to provide all of our national and local customers with better products at lower cost.
We have a franchise of over 50 million customer accounts and 36 million unique customers. We interact with our customers around 300 million times a year, not counting the billion times they use our cards. I am grateful for our customers’ loyalty, and our job is to sustain and build on it to make Capital One the best choice for all their banking needs.
Our Great People Are Achieving Great Things
Perhaps the most important franchise at Capital One is our people franchise. For twenty years, we have run our company with the belief that our primary job is not to sell credit cards or installment loans. Those are simply products that go through our factory. Our number one job is to search the world for great people and to create an environment where they can be great. That is our people franchise.
We have created a powerful brand in the talent marketplace. In 2007, we ranked number 84 on Fortune’s “Best Places to Work” list; number 12 on Fortune’s “20 Great Employers for New Grads”; and number 22 on BusinessWeek’s “Best Places to Launch a Career.” In September 2007, Fortune published its extensively researched rankings of the “Best Companies for Leaders.” That list was filled with such long-standing corporate luminaries as General Electric and Procter & Gamble. On that list are the companies I studied in business school 27 years ago. But there was a company near the top of the list that did not even exist 27 years ago. That company is Capital One, ranking number 2 in North America and number 5 globally.
Of course, we do not judge the quality of our people franchise at Capital One by awards, but in this instance the public recognition confirms something that we have known for a long time at our company. We have a very special culture that attracts and empowers great people.
We are fortunate to have exceptional leadership from our board of directors and our executive team. Our board is fully engaged on every aspect of our business. They ask tough questions and are focused on driving shareholder value. We have a strong management team, bolstered by a wealth of new executive talent recruited into the company this year. I expect our management team to continue to drive great results.
“Our number one job is to search the world for great people
and to create an environment where they
can be great.”
 13

 “As I reflect
on the twenty year journey of Capital One, the thing that stands out
the most is
the incredible passion and talent of
our people.”
I want to thank our Capital One associates for their outstanding work during 2007. We welcomed over nine thousand North Fork associates to our company at the end of 2006. They are already making a big difference and rallying around our culture. Our people faced a number of challenges in 2007 and they uniformly rose to the occasion. As we look to 2008, we have a lot of work to do. We must remain sharply focused
on disciplined management of capital, costs, and credit risk to succeed in a difficult environment and create shareholder value. As they have proven time and time again, our great people can accomplish anything. I am confident that they will deliver on these important goals.
As I reflect on the twenty year journey of Capital One, the thing that stands out the most is the incredible passion and talent of our people. Our success over the past two decades is a direct result of their relentless and unwavering commitment to always achieve excellence and do the right thing. The hallmark of our people is their collective sense of humility. In the best of times, our people celebrate the successes of their colleagues and encourage them to reach even greater heights. The tough times only cause our people to dig deeper and pull together even harder. I am privileged to work alongside each of them. Together, we remain committed to building an enduringly great company.
Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 14
