                                         To Our Stockholders:
Capital One had a remarkable year. In fact, we set records for every major measure of financial and operating perfor- mance: total revenue, net interest income and margin, risk
adjusted revenue and margin, non-interest income, net income, earnings per share, return on assets, return on equity, accounts, managed loans and marketing investment.
We added 3.2 million customers, ending the year with 11.7 mil- lion accounts. For the third straight year, earnings grew by more than 20% and return on equity exceeded 20%.The price of our stock rose 50% to $54 3/16 at year-end. Since our initial public offering in November 1994, the stock price has more than tripled.
Even more gratifying than the results themselves was the fact that they were achieved in one of the most turbulent years in the history of the credit card industry. In the first half of 1997, as charge-offs and consumer bankruptcies continued an ascent that began a few years ago, several of our competitors either exited the credit card business or retrenched. Capital One’s record per- formance in this challenging climate demonstrates the power
of our information-based strategy, our innovation and our finan- cial conservatism.
During 1997 net income rose 22% to $189.4 million, or $2.80 per share (diluted), from $155.3 million, or $2.32 per share (diluted), the previous year. Actually, our financial performance was even stronger. In the fourth quarter, we made several account- ing adjustments that take a more conservative approach to charge-offs and the recognition of revenue. Although these adjust- ments had the effect of reducing earnings, they will serve to strengthen Capital One’s financial foundation, which we regard as
vital to the Company’s long-term success. Our accounting policies remain among the most conservative in the credit card sector.
Total revenue (managed net interest income plus non-interest income) grew 41% to $2.1 billion in 1997 from $1.5 billion in 1996. Managed net interest income increased 28% to $1.3 billion, elevating our net interest margin by 95 basis points to a record 9.24% in the fourth quarter of 1997 compared with the same period in 1996. Managed non-interest income for 1997 grew by 68% to $776 million.
The large increase in Capital One’s revenues was fueled by another record-setting year of new account growth. We increased our customer base by 37%. For the second year in a row, our growth rate in accounts was the largest reported by any major card issuer. Because of our continuing concerns about the quality of consumer credit, we deliberately held loan growth to a slower pace, largely through tight controls on underwriting and credit limits. At the end of 1997, Capital One’s managed loans totaled $14.2 billion, up 11% from $12.8 billion a year earlier.
Although the economy was booming in 1997, with unemploy- ment at a 24-year low, inflation at an 11-year low and consumer confidence at its highest point in 28 years, the consumer credit sector continued to experience increased charge-offs for the third consecutive year before finally stabilizing in the third quarter
of 1997.
Capital One met this challenge with strict underwriting stan- dards on new loans, selective credit-based repricing and targeted initiatives to increase revenues—strategies that significantly increased the profitability of our credit card portfolio. In 1997, our
In one of the credit card industry’s most turbulent years,
Capital One turned in a record performance.
PAGE 2

                                        Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
risk adjusted margin (total revenue less net charge-offs as a per- centage of average managed earning assets) widened to a record 9.10% from 8.15% at the end of 1996. Risk adjusted margin is a key measure of profitability in the credit card business. Our strong showing in a year when most of our competitors saw declines in risk adjusted margin is one more example of the underlying power of our strategy.
Operating efficiencies increased dramatically, primarily as a result of major technology investments made during the last few years. Operating cost per account fell by 10% during 1997 to $63.32 from $70.59 in the last quarter of 1996.
The Power Behind Our Performance
Capital One’s success in 1997 is the latest reward of a pursuit that began a decade ago, when the two of us brought our innovative information-based strategy to the credit card division of Signet
Nigel W. Morris
President and Chief Operating Officer
Bank. In place of the banking industry’s one-size-fits-all approach, we set out to “mass customize” our products, tailoring the terms of each account to the individual’s needs and risk profile. We did this by building massive databases of consumer information and by transforming our entire Company into a scientific testing labora- tory. We test and customize everything—products, prices, credit lines, account management, retention and collections.
Through mass customization—which we view as the ultimate power tool of marketing—we can deliver the right product to the right customer at the right time and at the right price. Mass cus- tomization gives Capital One a way to profitably meet the credit needs of virtually all consumers because it enables us to balance risk and reward in every single account.
This systematic, scientific approach has enabled Capital One to leapfrog the competition, and it continues to power the Company’s growth. After ten years of major investments in information
PAGE 3

                                         technology, we have created a massive data warehouse (12 trillion bytes and growing) with consumer financial, demographic and lifestyle information to help us customize products. In 1997 we conducted a record number of tests (more than 14,000!) and invested a record $225 million in marketing. And as our strong earnings growth shows, the strategy has been highly effective.
Over the last three years, in keeping with our strategy of mass customization, we have launched a long list of products for con- sumers across the credit spectrum. We now offer, for example, co- branded cards, affinity cards, lifestyle cards, college student cards, fixed- and variable-rate cards, joint-account and secured cards for consumers with limited or tarnished credit histories, and the low introductory-rate balance-transfer products we pioneered seven years ago. In October, we introduced a Mercedes-Benz Capital One Visa card, which gives us an alliance with one of the world’s most prestigious brands and increases our access to a highly desirable group of customers, the 1.2 million Americans who own or lease Mercedes-Benz automobiles. Capital One’s recent innovations also include credit cards for consumers in Canada and the United Kingdom, non-card lending products and cellular phone service.
Launched in 1996, Capital One’s international ventures exceed- ed expectations for 1997. In December, we committed $50 million to a new European operations center in Nottingham, England, which will service our U.K. customers and give Capital One a springboard to the Continent. We believe our strengths in scientific testing and mass customization will serve us well in designing products to meet the distinctive customer needs of each country we enter.
Capital One prides itself on constant innovation throughout the Company, and in 1997 our business strategy, technology and opera- tions received top awards from Beyond Computing magazine and from Visa. We also ranked number one on ComputerWorld’s list of best places to work in the U.S. financial services industry. And
we were pleased that Forbes magazine recognized our momentum by selecting us for one of the Forbes 500 short lists: the 25 “Champs” of strong growth.
Vast Opportunity for Growth
Having conquered the challenges of 1997, Capital One begins 1998 with excitement and confidence, particularly now that the con- sumer credit picture is starting to brighten. We have set our sights on a fourth consecutive year of earnings growth in excess of 20%.
We see vast opportunity for growth. In the United States, cred- it cards are increasingly the preferred form of consumer payment, and they are steadily winning market share from other types of consumer borrowing. Capital One now serves nearly one in ten U.S. households, and our customers are using their cards for more and more transactions.
Internationally, we see great potential for Capital One. Many card markets outside the United States resemble the U.S. market of a decade ago, when the banking industry offered every cus- tomer the same product regardless of risk or need. We believe the strategy of mass customization we have used to build our U.S. business can be exported with great success, lowering credit costs for the world’s consumers and creating long-term value for Capital One stockholders.
The target for 1998: a fourth consecutive year of earnings growth and return on equity exceeding 20%.
PAGE 4

                                         TheWorldBeyondFinancialServices
We think of Capital One not as a credit card company or even as only a financial services company but as an information-based marketing company. Although we are still in the early stages of applying our strategy outside the realm of financial services, our first venture, into cellular phone service, continues to show the promise we expected. By the end of 1997, our direct-marketing cel- lular subsidiary, America One Communications, Inc., was serving customers in 36 states. We plan to add 12 more states in 1998. While America One is still a relatively small business, its experi- ence to date confirms an assertion we have made ever since we developed our information-based strategy ten years ago: the strat- egy will work well in other information-driven industries.
For example, as disparate as credit cards and cellular phones seem at first glance, they share several key attributes. With credit cards, we buy funds wholesale and lend them retail to consumers. Marketing and customer service are individualized, allowing us to design the right product for each cardholder. And we stimulate card usage and market additional products to the customer. With cellular phone service, we buy airtime wholesale and market it retail. We customize the phone service with various combinations of such features as free minutes, usage rates and monthly fees. And we enhance the value of each ongoing customer relationship through cross-selling and tailored programs to increase cellular phone use.
the United States.
Diversification beyond financial services appeals to us partly because it will broaden our opportunities and partly because it will reduce Capital One’s vulnerability during the inevitable downturns of the consumer credit cycle. We have established a disciplined process for identifying and pursuing new businesses. We concen- trate on industries that are large, growing and data-rich. Within these industries, we focus on products and marketing channels that lend themselves to scientific testing and mass customization.
The Rewards of Hiring the Best
From the beginning, Capital One has put a premium on hiring top talent, and the accomplishments of our associates in this challeng- ing year proved the value of the extraordinary time and energy we invest in recruiting the best of the best. Our associates are truly world-class. We asked a great deal of them in 1997, and they deli- vered. We’re grateful—and impressed. We also appreciate the con- fidence they have expressed by investing in our Company. More than two-thirds of our associates have an equity stake in Capital One—one of the highest proportions in corporate America.
Our senior managers have always been deeply committed to Capital One, and in December 1997, we announced a compensation plan that gives them an even larger personal stake in the Company’s success.The two of us have given up all of our salary through the year 2000 in exchange for stock options.The next level of senior executives—22 in all—will trade up to half of their
We’re diversifying beyond financial services and moving into markets outside
PAGE 5

                                         Our new compensation plan
puts management and stockholders on the same side of the net.
next three annual cash bonuses for stock options.The options for us and our top executives do not vest unless the stock price rises to $84 by December 2000, a compound annual gain of 20% from the date these options were granted. Fifty-eight more managers will forgo cash bonuses in exchange for options that vest in three years. Management responded enthusiastically to the offer, with 95% electing to take part. Details of the compensation plan can be found on page 49, but the salient point is this: senior manage- ment, highly confident about the future of Capital One, is on the same side of the net as every other stockholder.
Knowing that big achievements often have small beginnings, we are increasing Capital One’s civic involvements and charitable con- tributions in the communities where we do business. Most of our efforts to date have gone into helping children at risk by fighting hunger, building affordable housing and improving education. In 1997, for example, we gave more than half a million dollars for the opening of Capital One Kids Cafes in Washington D.C., Richmond, Fredericksburg, Tampa and Dallas / Fort Worth. Sponsored by the Second Harvest National Food Bank Network, Kids Cafes give school-age children a safe place to go after school, a hot meal and help with their homework. In addition to the financial support we have provided, we are leveraging our human resources to increase the effectiveness of our participation. On their own, many of Capital One’s associates are deeply involved in civic affairs. We
salute them for the time and talent they are investing to make their communities better places to live and work.
The caliber of our associates is just one reason we are bullish on Capital One. Our information technology is without peer. The organization we have built over the last ten years excels at innova- tion. We have an increasingly strong consumer franchise and an expanding portfolio of highly profitable products. Financially, our house is in excellent order. The flexibility inherent in our information-based strategy allows us to develop opportunities in multiple industries and around the world. Given these strengths, we have every reason to believe that Capital One will continue to be one of the nation’s outstanding growth companies.
Sincerely,
Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Nigel W. Morris
President and
Chief Operating Officer
  PAGE 6
