Chairman's Letter to Shareholders and Friends
For more than 20 years, all of us at Capital One have been focused on building an enduringly great franchise with the balance sheet, scale, talent, capabilities, and brand to compete and win in banking. In 2011, we announced the transformational acquisitions of ING Direct and HSBC's U.S. credit card business. 2012 was another important year of solid progress toward our goal of creating one of America's great companies by changing banking for the good of the customer. We delivered solid results in 2012. Financial performance was strong for the Company and each of our businesses. We successfully closed the two big acquisitions with minimal disruption, and we're simultaneously delivering two very well-managed integrations. We're generating capital on a strong trajectory. We passed the Federal Reserve's Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) stress test, and are on track to achieve new regulatory capital requirements in 2013, years ahead of regulatory deadlines. We continue to make good progress on foundational work to create a company-defining customer experience. We're positioned at the forefront of the digital revolution that is reshaping the world of financial services. And our relentless quest to find, nurture, and empower talented people continues to pay off. Our progress in 2012 puts us in a strong position to continue building a great company and to deliver long-term value to our shareholders, customers, and associates.

We delivered strong financial performance in 2012
2012 was a profitable year despite the ongoing challenges of an uncertain economic recovery and low interest rates. Direct year-over-year comparisons of many of our metrics are difficult because of significant, non-recurring merger-related impacts and the new operating baselines created by the acquisitions of ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. credit card business. Operating earnings for 2012 were $3.73 billion, up from $3.25 billion in 2011. Despite the growth in operating earnings, earnings per share declined modestly from the prior year as a result of increased share count resulting from our acquisitions. Earnings per share for 2012 were $6.16, compared to $6.80 for 2011. Revenues were $21.40 billion. Non-interest expense (including marketing) was $11.95 billion. Credit continued to improve, with the 2012 charge-off rate at 1.89%, down from 2.94% in 2011.

1

The Tier 1 Common Equity Ratio at the end of 2012 was 10.99% under Basel I capital rules. The equivalent Tier 1 Common Equity Ratio under fully phased-in Basel II/III rules is on track to reach our assumed regulatory minimum under the new rules in 2013, years before the new requirements take effect. Capital One's stock price closed the year at $57.93 per share, up 37% for the year, compared to a 30% increase in value for the KBW Bank Index. Our Total Shareholder Return (TSR) in 2012 was 37.5%, ahead of the KBW Bank Index TSR of 30.2%. Since we went public in November of 1994, Capital One's TSR is approximately 1,134%, roughly 12 times the 93.1% TSR of the KBW bank index over the same period.

Across our businesses, financial and operating performance was strong
In 2012, Domestic Card delivered $1.4 billion of net income. While below 2011 levels, 2012 net income reflects $1.3 billion in allowance build for the acquired HSBC U.S. credit card business and $900 million in additional merger-related impacts on both revenue and operating expense. Our Domestic Card business is a great business, with consistently high risk-adjusted returns. We were resilient through the Great Recession and the implementation of the CARD Act. But we face several complex challenges. The ongoing weakness in consumer demand will constrain loan and revenue growth for some time. Our choice to invest in franchise enhancements to deliver a great customer experience will lower the "octane" of the business to some extent but will also help to create valuable long-term customer relationships. And new Basel II/III capital rules will require us to allocate more capital to the Card business. All of these factors will lower bottom-line return on equity, but we expect the returns to remain well above hurdle. Our Consumer Banking business, which encompasses auto finance, home loans, and our retail and direct banking businesses, delivered $1.36 billion of net income in 2012, driven by the continuing growth and profitability of our auto finance business and strong contributions from the direct banking business we acquired from ING. Capital One Auto Finance solidified and expanded its dealer relationships and posted solid growth and profits in 2012. New loan originations were about $16.0 billion in 2012, up sharply from $12.5 billion in 2011. Credit losses remained near historic lows, at about 1.7% for 2012. In 2012, competition increased significantly. Industry margins decreased modestly and industry loan terms lengthened, particularly for prime borrowers. While we see solid overall profitability and above-hurdle returns in new originations, we also expect that increased competition will drive returns from current levels closer to cycle average. As competition increases, we're keeping a close watch on industry practices, and if they begin to impact the credit risk of new originations, we're prepared to pull back to protect the profitability and resiliency of our auto finance business. Our retail banking business made improvements across all aspects of banking operations, including our branch network, infrastructure, products, and sales and service experience. The acquisition and integration of ING Direct gave us national reach and made Capital One the market leader in direct banking.

2

" The results we delivered in 2012 are a testament to what our people achieved, and I am confident that together we can build a great company that does banking the right way."

3

B:5" T:4.875" S:4.625"

Commercial Banking Group
Not-For-Profi t Banking

T:7"

Commercial Banking Group
Energy Banking

Commercial Banking delivered net income of $835 million in 2012. Charge-offs declined to 0.12%, driven by conservative origination standards and higher net recoveries from

S:7.25"

T:7.75"

B:8"
T:9.5"

previous losses. Overall revenue grew by 11%, with loan growth of 13%, fairly stable loan yields, and 20% growth in non-interest income.

Our Not-For-Profit Relationship Team brings a depth of industry experience to our clients, as well as a commitment to both their mission and the communities they serve. As a top-10 U.S. bank, we deliver a full suite of products and services, including treasury management, credit and investment solutions, that sets your organization leagues ahead. Kathleen Malloy kathleen.malloy@capitalone.com (202) 942-2916

Power up your growth with Capital One Southcoast. Our Energy Banking team has over 200 years of combined industry experience, including equity and bond underwriting, raising private equity capital, M&A, and other financial advisory services. For trusted advice and creative energy solutions, look no further than Capital One Southcoast. Jim McBride james.mcbride@capitalone.com (713) 435-5338

Commercial Banking Group
Direct Municipal Lending

We are simultaneously delivering two well-managed integrations
In 2011, Capital One announced two of the three largest banking acquisitions since the financial crisis, and as we headed into 2012,

Products and services offered by Capital One, N.A., Member FDIC. © 2012 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved.

Capital One Southcoast, Inc. is a wholly owned non-bank subsidiary of Capital One Financial Corporation. All securities products and services are offered by Capital One Southcoast, Inc. Capital One Southcoast, Inc. is a member of FINRA and SIPC. The securities sold, offered, or recommended by Capital One Southcoast, Inc. are not insured by the FDIC or any Federal Government Agency, are not deposits of a bank or bank guaranteed, are subject to investment risk, including the risk that they may lose value, and are sold or offered solely by Capital One Southcoast, Inc. © 2012 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved.

JOB: CAP121001NY DOCUMENT NAME: CAP121001NY_En_1_r3.indd DESCRIPTION: Commercial Banking Ads

Energy Ads
BLEED: None TRIM: 7" x 9.5" SAFETY: None GUTTER: None

PUBLICATION: Oil & Gas Journal, Oil & Gas Investor

Full Page JOB: CAP121014NY ART DIRECTOR: Stephen Leps DOCUMENT NAME: CAP121014NY_NFP_r3.indd COPYWRITER: None DESCRIPTION: Experience That Runs Deep ACCT. MGR.: Maddie Rottman ART PRODUCER: None BLEED: 5" x 8" PRINT PROD.: David Niblick TRIM: 4.875" x 7.75" PROJ. MNGR.: None SAFETY: 4.625" x 7.25" This advertisement prepared by TAXI NYC. GUTTER: None PUBLICATION: Greater Washington Society of CPAs ART DIRECTOR: None CAP121001NY_En_1_r3.indd COPYWRITER: None TMG #: 2C68763 HANDLE #: 2 JOB #: CAP121001NY ACCT. MGR.: Maddie Rottman CAP121001NY_En_1_r3.indd PAGE COUNT: 1 of 1 PRINT SCALE: 100% LAST SAVE DATE: 8-22-2012 3:51 PM CREATOR: houseb ART PRODUCER: None PRINT PROD.: David Niblick TMG:Volumes:TMG:Clients:Taxi:Taxi:Jobs:2012:2C:2C68763_TMP-TMP-Q25335:Mechanicals:CAP121001NY_En_1_r3.indd Trade Gothic (Medium, Light) PROJ. MNGR.: None

delivering sure-footed integrations was a top priority. The work required to achieve the integrations is massive, affecting every business and functional unit in the company.
BILLING#: TMP-TMP-Q25335 INDESIGN VERSION: CS5 CREATION DATE: 3-13-2012 4:27 PM

At Capital Oneprepared Bank , we our extensive knowledge of the municipal market This advertisement byuse TAXI NYC. , Magenta, Yellow, Black

®

51662_D1_Pump_Jack-5.tif, C1_SouthcoastC_G_rev_CMYK_R_yr.eps

to help keep cities and towns moving. Our team of experts has an average of 15 years' experience working with over 800 different governmental units. We're always on call, with the knowledge and expertise to help cities do great things. Jonathan Lewis JOB #: CAP121014NY jonathan.lewis@capitalone.com PRINT SCALE: 100% (631) 531-2824 CREATOR: Paul Gruberg 6-9931

The integrations are going very well. There has been minimal operational, customer, or associate disruption. Both integrations are on track, integration costs are on budget, and we're achieving synergies in line with our expectations. Our primary concern for the ING Direct integration was to protect and

ndd
TMG #: 2J70831 HANDLE #: 6 PAGE COUNT: 1 of 1 LAST SAVE DATE: 11-28-2012 11:17 AM BILLING#: TMP-TMP-Q25944 INDESIGN VERSION: CS5 CREATION DATE: 11-2-2012 3:25 PM

Y_NFP_r3.indd

TMG:Clients:Taxi:Taxi:Jobs:2012:2J:2J70831_TMP-TMP-Q25944:Mechanicals:CAP121014NY_NFP_r3.indd ium, Light, Bold) -4_r2.tif, C1_Bank_G_H_rev_CMYK_R_yr.eps, New_FDIC_logo_white.ai Products and services offered by Capital One, N.A., Member FDIC. © 2012 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark. All rights reserved. nta, Yellow, Black

Our Commercial Banking business uses a relationship-based banking model and deep industry specialization to provide powerful products and services to our customers. This strategy helped deliver more than $800 million in net income in 2012.

preserve the unique and beloved customer experience and deep customer loyalty that ING Direct had created over more than a decade. We also focused on maintaining the culture and sense of mission that enables ING Direct associates to deliver a great customer experience. These efforts are paying off. ING Direct customer attrition and balances have remained stable, and Capital One has successfully brought on board more than

2,000 ING Direct associates. Even with the significant changes resulting from the merger, ING Direct associate morale and engagement are already comparable to the rest of the company. On February 1, 2013, we launched our new Direct Banking brand ­ Capital One 360. We rebranded more than 3,000 customer touch points. While the rebranding efforts and customer communications are going well, our work is not done. We remain fully mobilized to ensure that the ING Direct culture and customer experience flourish and grow inside Capital One. The big focus of the HSBC U.S. credit card business integration has been to disentangle the systems and operations of that business from the parent company and integrate them with Capital One's infrastructure.

4

This work has gone well. We successfully closed the acquisition and merged the legal entities with no significant operational or IT issues and no customer disruption. We entered into 259 Transition Service Agreements that govern interim servicing between Capital One and HSBC as we complete the transition and integration. By the end of 2012, we had successfully completed and exited about one-third of these agreements, and we're on track to finish the remainder on schedule. The acquisition of the HSBC U.S. credit card business brings us scale partnership systems and capabilities, and we successfully negotiated contract assignments from all of the major co-brand and private label partners. In February 2013, we announced the planned sale of the Best Buy private label and co-branded credit card accounts and the early termination of the Best Buy partnership. Even with this planned sale, we expect our partnerships business will continue to deliver strong contributions to our results and serve as a platform for future growth. More work remains to complete the integrations. We have executed well so far, and the planning, rigor, and focus our associates brought to the task in 2012 give us the necessary momentum to complete the job.
Capital One 360 is the nation's largest internet bank, providing our customers access and services wherever they are, whenever they want, 24/7.

We're well positioned at the forefront of where banking is going
Over the last two decades, we have transformed our company and positioned ourselves to compete effectively and deliver sustained value as the financial services industry evolves. The acquisitions we completed in 2012 were important to this transformation, giving us the core deposits, national banking reach, access to assets, and enhanced digital and customer capabilities that will help us compete successfully for years to come. The financial services landscape continues to evolve ­ in many respects at an accelerating pace. Understanding where the world is going and positioning ourselves relative to end-game success will continue to be a critical management focus. National consolidation continues to shape the financial services industry. As we have discussed for many years, the earliest phases of national consolidation began not one company at a time, but one product at a time. Credit cards, auto finance, and online brokerage all were stripped away from traditional banks by national players with increasing

5

scale advantages. These products and businesses are now highly consolidated and essentially off-limits to local and regional players without national scale. Traditional deposit banking has been slower to consolidate nationally, but here too the trend toward national scale is inexorable. In 2012, we enhanced our positioning for success as the industry evolves. We have achieved national scale positions where scale matters most. We have access to attractive national scale assets in credit cards, auto finance, and specialty commercial lending. We have a large, national customer base, including the 7.5 million passionate "early digital adopters" who came with the ING Direct acquisition. We have the nation's largest internet bank and growing traction and investment scale in our digital efforts. And we have one of the leading brands in financial services. There is still leverage in being local in traditional deposit banking and commercial banking. We have strong local positions in these businesses, including branches in attractive local markets, and a well-established and successful commercial banking business focused on primary banking relationships.

Our flagship card products, Venture, Cash, and Spark, continue to be recognized by the media and consumer advocates as leading products in their segments.

We have more work to do to build one of America's great companies and transform banking for the good of the customer. We must deliver superior and sustained financial performance so that our investors get paid. We must deliver a compelling, "company-defining" customer experience for everyone who does business with us. And we must continue to excel at finding and attracting great talent and fostering a culture and environment that enable our people to be great.

We are well positioned to deliver superior and sustainable financial performance
We've carefully chosen banking businesses with attractive and resilient risk-adjusted returns, and we've worked hard for decades to achieve relevant scale and build our capabilities to manage these businesses well. We've demonstrated our ability to deliver solid performance in good times and bad, as we did throughout the Great Recession. We expect that we'll be able to generate and sustain returns at the higher end of banks. We're laser-focused on execution and expense management, which we see as important levers of shareholder value. We're executing well on our integrations and across all of our businesses. And we're redoubling our efforts to improve process efficiency and tightly manage our operating expenses. We're also focused on delivering shareholder value through capital generation and allocation. We're in a strong capital position, and we expect that we'll continue to generate substantial excess capital, which we will deploy in the interests of our shareholders.

6

We'll apply a disciplined and thoughtful set of principles as we make capital allocation decisions. We'll deploy capital to fund growth with attractive and resilient returns, and to pay a consistent and meaningful dividend. And we expect that our capital generation will support significant share repurchases. We're committed to returning capital to our shareholders through both a meaningful dividend and share repurchases. While Capital One is well positioned, our future is not without risk. Interest rates are expected to remain low, pressuring returns on all banks. The economic recovery remains uncertain. Consumer loan demand remains soft, so growth opportunities are modest. Regulatory and compliance requirements are high and are likely to rise even further. And capital requirements for larger banks continue to escalate, diminishing returns. In addition to these industry headwinds, we expect that significant planned run-off of acquired mortgage and credit card loans will continue to mask underlying growth where we're investing to grow. We've put Capital One in a position to deliver sustained shareholder value with a combination of businesses with attractive returns, sure-footed execution and expense management, and disciplined capital allocation for the benefit of our shareholders. We're highly focused on delivering that value.

We made solid foundational progress toward delivering a company-defining customer experience
We continued to deliver great flagship card products in 2012. Our Venture travel card, Cash rewards card, Spark small business card, and Journey card for students have been widely recognized by the media and consumer advocates as leading products in their segments. Our UK Card business was nominated for the Best Financial Services Provider award by the country's leading consumer advocate. The combination of powerful advertising, great value, and simple, transparent products is driving growth in customers who use their credit cards as a convenient and rewarding way to spend and transact. Across all of our businesses, we continued to enhance the Capital One franchise by making investments to ensure that our customers understand how to wisely and effectively use our credit, transaction, savings, and investment products and services. And across all channels, we are improving our customer service and moving toward a more digital experience.

2012

Capital One is a great place to work. We continue to make "best companies" lists in the U.S., including: FORTUNE® magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Working Mother's 100 Best Companies for Working Mothers and Best Companies for Hourly Workers, and DiversityInc's Top 50 Companies for Diversity and Top 10 Companies for LGBT Employees.

FORTUNE is a registered trademark of Time Inc. and is used under license. From FORTUNE magazine, February 6, 2013 © Time Inc. Used under license. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Licensee. From Working Mother, October 2012 © Working Mother Media. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States.

7

Digital banking has given us a powerful associate recruiting platform, and we are attracting first-rate digital talent, including many people from outside of banking, all with deep fluency in digital technology. We continue to accelerate our delivery of customer-facing features, including a new design for online bill payment, compelling and convenient mobile deals, and our innovative new rewards redemption feature, "Purchase Eraser," which allows customers to use their rewards to "erase" their previous purchases via our mobile app. We also continued to focus on driving digital innovation. In 2012, our Digital Lab was selected from among over 50 nominees for the inaugural Cognizant/ Corporate Executive Board Award for Innovation in Financial Services. Collectively, these moves are positioning Capital One to be a leader in the digital transformation of banking. We continue to build one of the most recognized brands in banking, with near universal awareness and advertising that is unmistakably Capital One. Our national advertising scored well on the dimensions of likeability and brand recall. We have achieved strong brand recognition through the use of iconic campaigns featuring Jimmy Fallon, Alec Baldwin, and the Visigoths. We continue to have a strong association with college sports, bringing our brand to life at big sponsored events like the Capital One Bowl and the Final Four.
With our Purchase Eraser mobile app, rewards customers can use points or miles to "erase" previously purchased travel from their account statement.

As we look forward, more foundational work remains to be done, and we intend to build on the progress in 2012 to improve the consistency and delivery of our everyday customer experience across our businesses.

Capital One continued to expand its sponsorship programs, and 2012 marked our third year as an NCAA® Corporate Partner and major sponsor at the Men's Final Four® in New Orleans. It was also our second year sponsoring the Capital One Cup, recognizing the best Division I college athletes and programs in the U.S., and our 12th year as sponsor of the Capital One Bowl.

NCAA® is a trademark of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.

8

We're investing time, talent, and dollars to make a positive difference in our communities
Wherever we do business, we're deeply committed to helping our communities succeed. Through a strategic approach we call Investing for Good, Capital One's associates are partnering with nonprofits to change lives and neighborhoods for the better. In 2012, our associates volunteered more than 260,000 hours to mentor small business owners, counsel first-time homebuyers, and teach the basics of personal money management. Associates from Legal, Finance, IT, and other specialized areas provided nonprofits with almost 6,000 hours of pro bono services in 2012. Capital One made more than $45 million in philanthropic grants during the year and provided more than $1.3 billion in loans and investments, creating 9,200 safe and affordable places to live and more than 10,000 jobs in the communities we call home. Within days of Superstorm Sandy, we made $1.5 million in grants to nonprofits for their recovery efforts. We also committed $3 million to a New York City program that will make interest-free loans to nonprofits that suffered property damage and other stormrelated losses. We continue to support national programs helping veterans and military spouses find good jobs, and in 2012 we hired almost 500 veterans at Capital One. We also committed $4.5 million over three years to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hiring our Heroes initiative, and we committed to a three-year, $800,000 investment in Count Me In for Women's Economic Independence, which mentors small business owners who are veterans, spouses, or domestic partners of veterans.
With the use of iconic characters like Alec Baldwin, Jimmy Fallon, and the Visigoths, Capital One's advertising campaigns have made us one of the best-known brands in American business.

9

In November, we were honored to learn that Capital One earned a spot in the top five of a new list, The Civic 50, published by Bloomberg Businessweek. The rankings were the result of the first comprehensive survey of the most community-minded companies in the S&P 500. The study was conducted by the National Conference on Citizenship and the Points of Light Corporate Institute in partnership with Bloomberg LP.

Our rigorous focus on talent continues to pay off
We've always gone to extraordinary lengths to recruit great people and give them a workplace where they can be great ­ as associates, leaders, family members, and citizens. We attract people who want to excel, grow, and be rewarded for their performance. We've created a culture where collaboration and openness matter and hierarchy doesn't, and where
In 2012, Capital One's associates volunteered more than 260,000 hours in their communities helping small business owners hone their financial and management skills, assisting first-time homebuyers, and teaching financial literacy skills.

people are expected to do the right thing. We understand that every person who comes to work has another life and sometimes needs a bit of flexibility or support ­ because of a family illness, for example, or to volunteer in the community. We value diversity. All of these things not only make Capital One a great place to work, they are also crucial to our long-term success. Recruiting great talent has always been our highest calling and our number one line job. Through our acquisitions and our recruiting success in 2012, we added thousands of skilled associates with proven experience. We continued to recruit talented new associates directly from college and graduate school. And, we hired talented

Our Investing for Good program collaborates closely with community groups and national nonprofits to help them deliver more to their constituents. As an example, HemisView provides mixed-income housing in San Antonio. In a once crime-ridden area, hit hard by Hurricane Ike, our teams worked around the clock to close the deal on time and help revive the area.

executives with deep experience in operations and digital technology to fill critical leadership positions. Capital One continues to be widely recognized as a great place to work. In 2012, we were one of FORTUNE magazine's Top Companies for Leaders in North America

and 100 Best Companies To Work For. We were also included on the Top 50 Companies list compiled by DiversityInc, Working Mother's 100 Best Companies for Working Mothers and Best Companies for Hourly Workers, Experience Inc's Best Places to Work for Recent Grads, and many others.

10

I am grateful for the recognition that has come our way, but I'm even prouder of what all of our associates, along with our Board of Directors, have built together. Capital One has amazing people. They are smart, work hard, elevate each other, and obsess about doing the right thing. The results we delivered in 2012 are a testament to what our people achieved, and I am confident that together we can build a great company that does banking the right way.

Richard D. Fairbank Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The Civic 50, a prestigious new award from the National Conference on Citizenship, Points of Light, and Bloomberg, ranked Capital One as one of the five most innovative corporate citizens in America.

11

