Chairman's Letter to Shareholders and Friends
2013 was a special year at Capital One. We delivered strong financial performance, completed two big integrations, generated significant capital, and tightly managed costs. But the story of Capital One is about much more than a single year. Building a successful company takes a lot of hard work and more than a little good fortune. I have always believed that we can enhance the odds by focusing above all else on enduring keys to success despite the siren call of apparent short-term opportunities. Since the inception of Capital One two decades ago, we have maintained a laser focus on these enduring success factors: Go where the market is going. Handpick businesses with structurally superior returns. Achieve relevant scale where it matters most. Hire great people and give them the chance to be great. Create a culture of openness, excellence, and doing the right thing. Leverage information, analytics, and testing to bring the right product to the right customer at the right price. Manage risk with preemptive conservatism. Obsess about long-term resilience and value creation. Build a loyal customer franchise. Powered by this long-term focus and aided by good fortune, we have been able to build a fast-growing company that has adapted and thrived in a rapidly changing and, at times, perilous environment. We weathered the Great Recession and emerged in a strong position to go on offense when many banks were still hobbled by lingering issues of credit quality and customer practices. We were able to acquire ING Direct® and HSBC®'s U.S. credit card business. We delivered strong financial performance in 2013 and enhanced our positioning to win in the marketplace, sustain attractive and resilient financial performance, and build one of America's great companies.
1

2

Strong Performance in a Challenging Environment
In 2013, Capital One and other banks faced ongoing challenges from a fragile economic recovery, relatively weak customer demand, and persistently low interest rates. Our financial results also reflected choices we have made to focus on resilience. These choices include letting the least resilient parts of acquired loan portfolios run-off, avoiding high-balance revolvers in our card business, and ending our partnership with Best Buy®. Despite these pressures, we delivered operating earnings of $4.39 billion in 2013, up from $3.73 billion in 2012. Earnings per share also grew, rising to $6.96 from $6.16 for 2012. Revenue growth and lower provision expense drove the improvement in earnings. Return on tangible common equity remained at the higher end of the banking industry's returns. At the beginning of 2013, we set expectations for annual revenue of about $22.5 billion, non-interest expense of about $12.5 billion, and pre-provision earnings of about $10 billion, excluding non-recurring items. We delivered revenue of $22.38 billion, non-interest expense of $12.51 billion, and pre-provision earnings of $9.87 billion. Excluding non-recurring items, actual 2013 pre-provision earnings were $9.97 billion. Credit performance remained strong and relatively stable. The charge-off rate was 2.04%, up modestly from 1.89% in 2012. Provision expense improved to $3.45 billion in 2013 from $4.42 billion in 2012. The improvement resulted from allowance releases in 2013 as opposed to an allowance build in 2012 in the wake of our acquisitions. The Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I capital rules was 12.23% at the end of 2013, up from 10.96%, which puts us at the higher end of the range for peer banks. The equivalent Tier 1 common ratio under the fully phased-in Basel III Advanced Approaches framework is above our assumed long-term target of 8%, years before those requirements take effect. Our strong capital levels and capital accretion trajectory enabled us to increase our quarterly dividend from five to thirty cents per share beginning in the second quarter of 2013. We also completed share repurchases of about $1 billion during the year.

"Together with the great people of Capital One, I look forward to continuing our quest to bring ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking, and along the way build one of America's great companies."

3

Capital One's stock price closed the year at $76.61 per share, up strongly from $57.93 at the end of 2012. Our Total Shareholder Return (TSR) in 2013 was 34.2%, slightly below the median TSR of 37.4% for the KBW Bank Index. Capital One's three-year TSR was 84.1%, first among the 24 banks in the Index. Since we went public in November 1994, Capital One's TSR is 1,556%, well ahead of the KBW Bank Index return of 161% over the same time period.

Resilient Businesses, Attractive Returns
The credit card business, including both domestic and international cards, delivered net income of $2.62 billion in 2013, about $1 billion higher than in 2012, with help from strong credit trends and the absence of the significant allowance build and purchase accounting impacts we incurred in 2012. Ending loans of $81.3 billion were down about 11.4% from the prior year, driven by the sale of the Best Buy portfolio as well as planned run-off of about $2 billion. Purchase volume growth was strong, reflecting
Capital One continues to bring compelling products to the marketplace with the launch of the new cash back rewards card, Quicksilver®. Customers earn 1.5% cash back on every purchase, everywhere, every day without the hassle of rotating categories or quarterly signups. Like Quicksilver, Venture® rewards and Spark® business are simple, straightforward products that offer some of the best rewards programs in their categories.

our focus on transactors and the acquisition of the HSBC U.S. credit card business. Credit trends remained stable at historically strong levels. Our credit card business continues to be a great business, with risk-adjusted returns that are structurally high and sustainable. But our card business will continue to feel the effects of our strategic decisions to exit the Best Buy relationship, avoid high-balance revolvers, and allow planned run-off of another $1 billion in 2014. Also, new regulations may require us to allocate more capital to the card business. As a result, loan growth will be muted and bottom-line return on equity will be lower, but we expect returns to remain well above hurdle. Our card business is delivering strong returns and capital generation. We believe it is in an excellent position to sustain superior performance over the long term. We are focused on innovation and new product development, and we expect the card business to return to growth in the latter half of 2014. Our consumer banking business, which encompasses auto finance, home loans, retail banking and Capital One 360, delivered $1.45 billion of net income in 2013. Capital One auto finance posted another year of

4

profitable growth and is now one of the four largest bank auto lenders in the nation. New loan originations were about $17.4 billion in 2013 compared to $16.0 billion in 2012. Credit losses increased modestly, as expected, but remain low by historical standards. The charge-off rate in 2013 was 1.85% compared to 1.66% in 2012. We expect that increased competition will continue to have negative effects on margins, credit, and returns in 2014, but we still expect solid overall profitability and attractive returns in the auto finance business. Profitability in the home loans business improved in 2013, driven by favorable credit trends. Actual credit losses are trending better than the lifetime losses we estimated at the time of the acquisitions. This outperformance flows into net income over the life of the loans. Planned run-off of acquired mortgage portfolios continues as customers refinance or pay down their loans. The 2013 run-off was roughly $9 billion and we expect another $4 billion in 2014. We continue to invest to ensure that our originations and servicing businesses are well-managed. Our combined retail and direct banking business made tremendous progress in lowering costs and improving profitability. While balance, mix, customer experience, and cost trends are improving, low interest rates are likely to continue to pressure the economics of our retail deposit businesses even if rates begin to rise in 2014. The strong growth and attractive returns in our commercial banking business continued in 2013. Despite ongoing pressure on loan and deposit margins, overall revenue rose by 10%, while loan growth was 16%. Net income of $769 million was down from 2012, when we recorded significant allowance releases. Commercial credit performance was resilient throughout the Great Recession and continued to improve in 2013. While the year-end charge-off rate of 3 basis points is unsustainably low, we continue to see low levels of non-performing and criticized loan balances, so we expect credit performance to remain strong. Our investments to build industry and product specialization have paid off and position the commercial banking business for continued success in 2014.

Capital One's commercial bankers are doing more for their customers. They know banking through and through, and they're also specialists in the industries they serve. They think long term. They care about relationships. And they're focused on helping their customers grow and stay in excellent financial shape.

Vacation Ownership

When your vision needs financing, count on Capital One® to step up with creative solutions. With over 100 years of combined experience, plus the resources of a top-10 U.S. bank, our timeshare experts can help turn your dream into reality with the expertise, insight, and financing you need.
James Casey james.casey@capitalone.com (860) 348-8861 capitalonecommercial.com Michael Szwajkowski michael.szwajkowski@capitalone.com (212) 834-1101

Products and services offered by Capital One, N.A., member FDIC. © 2013 Capital One. All rights reserved.

5

Across all our businesses, we remain highly focused on sustaining profitability at the higher end of banks. We're tightly managing costs. We continue to apply preemptive conservatism to credit underwriting and risk management. And we're growing loans and revenues where we're investing to grow: in commercial banking, auto finance, and the most resilient parts of our card business. As a result, we believe we're well-positioned to deliver strong financial performance over the long run.

Two Successful Integrations
One of the biggest achievements of 2013 was completing the integrations of the two large businesses we acquired in 2012, ING Direct and HSBC's U.S. credit card business. We completed both integrations on time and under budget. With ING Direct, we focused on protecting its beloved customer experience and "customer-first" culture. We are pleased with the results. The ING Direct brand was successfully transitioned to Capital One 360 with minimal negative customer impacts. As expected, we saw a temporary dip in customer metrics following the brand change, but customer satisfaction, attrition rates, and other key measures have mostly returned to historical levels. Associate morale and engagement at Capital One 360 are high.
We're the credit card partner for many world-class brands, and we're helping our partners deepen customer loyalty and deliver innovative products and experiences. For example, our new GM Card redefines automotive rewards with no annual fee, no limit on the amount of rewards consumers can accumulate or redeem, and rewards that don't expire.

The integration of the HSBC U.S. credit card business was one of the most complex projects Capital One has ever undertaken. It was a massive operational challenge that required the disentangling of HSBC's credit card infrastructure from its parent company and the unwinding of more than 250 Transition Service Agreements that governed interim servicing between Capital One and HSBC. In early 2013, we assumed control of a new data center and transitioned key IT and operations associates to Capital One. This summer, we completed the branded book conversion and transitioned 11 million accounts to the Capital One customer experience in all digital and non-digital channels. Customer satisfaction and advocacy scores improved immediately and dramatically ­ a rarity after an acquisition in financial services. And in the fall, we took over a new call center and transitioned 2,200 associates with no dip in customer service levels. We've incorporated some remaining activities into our ongoing initiatives to enhance our infrastructure, but the integration of the HSBC U.S. credit card business is essentially complete.

6

Into the Forefront of Digital Banking
Banking is fundamentally a digital product and is ripe to be dramatically transformed. In 2013, we made great progress toward becoming a digital company. We have been attracting great "digitally native" talent and in 2013 added many new associates from digital startups and leading digital companies to our digital group. We expanded our digital labs in Clarendon, VA, and San Francisco, CA, and recently added a digital lab in New York City. We are developing new approaches to product development and delivery such as design thinking, rapid prototyping, continuous technology integration, real-time analytical tools, and big-data infrastructure. In 2013, these seeds began to take root across the company and are helping us to work more like a technology company than a traditional bank. We continued to drive our customers to digital. About 75% of Capital One customer interactions are already digital, and that number continues to grow. We have made it substantially easier for customers to shop and apply with mobile. We delivered new digital enrollment and card activation experiences, and we are increasingly migrating customers to more digital servicing. We have also seen continued growth in customer adoption of mobile servicing in all of our businesses.
With Spark Pay®, we have another way to help business owners realize the unlimited potential of their business. It's more than a secure, convenient way to accept payments. It's a complete service that works behind the scenes to help business owners track sales, manage inventory, and offer special deals to their best customers.

Bringing Ingenuity, Simplicity, and Humanity to Banking
We continued to deliver great flagship products and distinctive marketing in 2013. Venture remains a premier travel credit card in the marketplace, with double rewards, no earn limits, and no blackout days. Spark Unlimited CheckingSM for small businesses, launched in July, was recently named the best small business checking account by Money magazine. We also introduced our new cash-back card, Quicksilver, in 2013. Quicksilver is a compelling, simple product offering 1.5% cash back on every purchase with no limits and no category games. The integrated marketing launch of Quicksilver was the largest in our history and cut across

SureSwipeSM is a safe, secure, and quick way for customers to access their card accounts by simply drawing a pattern rather than typing in a password.

7

every channel ­ TV, mail, display, social, outdoor, and print. The iconic television ads, featuring our new spokesperson Samuel L. Jackson, were straightforward and hard-hitting. Our innovative, simple products continue to win with consumers, but it takes more than industry-leading products to create lasting customer relationships and loyalty. We are also focused on delivering a great customer experience. We continue to invest in all of our servicing channels, and in 2013 we made strong improvements in customer advocacy and satisfaction across our businesses. We are helping our customers succeed at managing and simplifying their financial lives, and we know from experience that when we do well by them, they become great advocates for Capital One. The Capital One brand is one of the best-known and most powerful brands in banking, with near universal awareness. Our national advertising is uniquely Capital One, and continues to score well on all dimensions, especially likability, brand recall, and persuasion. Our strong association with college sports brings our brand to life at big sponsored events like the Capital One Bowl® and the NCAA® Final Four®. Our brand is a key driver of our success, attracting new customers and strengthening relationships with existing customers.

Making A Difference In Our Communities
Our breakthrough advertising has helped build the Capital One brand into one of the best-known and most powerful in banking. In 2013, we focused on straightforward and hard-hitting ads showcasing our innovative products.

In every community where we live and work, we make a substantial commitment to help local entrepreneurs succeed, and we partner with nonprofits and public agencies working to build thriving communities. Through a comprehensive program we call Investing for Good, we're able to maximize the impact of the expertise, time, and money we contribute. Our investments in affordable housing, financial literacy, small-business development, and workforce training have made a positive difference in the lives of hundreds of thousands of people.

8

We give both time and money. In 2013, Capital One associates gave 362,000 hours to hundreds of community programs and nonprofit organizations in 21 states. The company gave more than $48 million in grants to schools, colleges, and other nonprofit organizations. We also provided $1.37 billion in loans and investments to add more than 16,000 safe, affordable places to live and about 19,500 jobs. Within days of Hurricane Sandy, which swept through coastal areas of New York and New Jersey in October 2012, Capital One committed more than $1.5 million in grants to nonprofits for recovery efforts, $2 million to the governor of New York's small-business emergency loan fund, and a $3 million interest-free loan to a fund for New York City nonprofits impacted by the storm. Since then we've provided another $400,000 in funding for local nonprofits involved in long-term recovery efforts. We're also helping homeowners confronted with storm-related financial challenges. Capital One has a long history of recruiting veterans and we're committed to helping them and their families. We've provided $800,000 to support Count Me In's Women Veteran Entrepreneur Corps, a program that trains and mentors women who are smallbusiness owners and are veterans, spouses, domestic partners, or daughters of veterans. Our support of the Corps augments the company's 2012 commitment to contribute $4.5 million over three years to fund "Hiring 500,000 Heroes," part of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's Hiring Our Heroes program that hosts job fairs and provides training for veterans and their spouses. We were thrilled to be named to The Civic 50 survey as one of the most community-minded companies in the S&P 500® for the second year in a row. The survey was conducted by the National Conference of Citizenship and the Points of Light Corporate Institute in partnership with Bloomberg L.P. and was published in Bloomberg Businessweek.

Our associates give back to the communities where they live and work every day. Our support of nonprofits focuses on financial literacy, education, affordable housing, and workforce and small business development, and helps provide people and communities with the tools they need to succeed.

A Great Place for Great Talent
Recruiting exceptional talent has always been the highest calling in our company. It is our number one line job. We've gone to extraordinary lengths to recruit great people and give them a chance to be great ­ as associates,

For the second year in a row Capital One was included on The Civic 50 list, which recognizes the 50 most community-minded companies in the nation.
9

leaders, family members, and citizens. In 2013, we added thousands of skilled associates. We recruited talented new associates directly from college and graduate school, hired experienced associates across the company, and added proven senior executives to fill critical leadership positions.
3

We attract people who want to excel, grow, and be rewarded for their performance. We've created a culture where collaboration and openness matter and hierarchy doesn't. We value diversity. All of these things make Capital One a great place to work and contribute to our long-term success. Our efforts to create a great workplace continue to pay off. Capital One has amazing people. They are smart, work hard, elevate each other, and obsess about doing the right thing. The financial performance we turned in this year and the outstanding teamwork that moved all of our businesses forward in 2013 are the cumulative effects of great people doing great work, day in and day out. Associate morale and engagement are strong. And Capital One continues

Capital One continues to be recognized for having a vibrant and diverse workplace. For example, we were named to: FORTUNE magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Working Mother's 100 Best Companies for Working Mothers and Best Companies for Hourly Workers, DiversityInc's 25 Noteworthy Companies, the "Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality" by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation, and the Military Times' Best for Vets.

to be widely recognized as a great place to work. In 2013, we were again named one of FORTUNE® magazine's 100 Best Companies To Work For. We were also ranked as one of Working Mother's 100 Best Companies for Working Mothers and Best Companies for Hourly Workers, DiversityInc's 25 Noteworthy Companies, and the Military Times' Best for Vets, among many others.

Our Focus: Change Banking for the Good of the Customer
Over the last two decades, we have delivered sustained value and strengthened our position to compete effectively and win as the banking industry evolves. We started as a consumer lender dependent upon capital markets funding and transformed ourselves into a balanced bank with diversified assets and ample deposit funding.

Copyright © 2014 FORTUNE is a registered trademark of Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company and is used under license. FORTUNE, CNN, and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Licensee. Copyright © 2014 Working Mother Media. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States.

We created a powerful national brand. We proactively challenged industry customer practices for the good of the consumer. We developed great products and a "no asterisks" way of doing business. We achieved strong levels of customer service. We made significant investments in technology and digital. We acquired the nation's leading digital bank,

10

enabling us to deliver a great customer experience through the most efficient and preferred channel. And we rigorously attracted talented people over many years to create a workforce with the heart and intellect to pull off amazing things every day. The road ahead has challenges. Returns will be pressured by cyclical and structural forces, and new capital rules will lead to higher capital requirements. Loan growth will be challenged by the headwinds of relatively weak demand, planned run-off, and our choice to avoid high-balance revolvers. We need to keep a tight rein on costs. We need to continue balancing short-term financial pressures with necessary investments in customer experience, digital, technology, and infrastructure. And we need to make sure that our risk management capabilities stay ahead of heightened regulatory expectations.

2013 marked our fourth successful year as an NCAA® Corporate Partner and major sponsor at the Men's Final Four®. It was also our third year sponsoring the Capital One Cup, recognizing the best Division I college athletes and programs in the U.S., and our 13th year as sponsor of the Capital One Bowl.

The Opportunity
While significant work remains and there are no guarantees, this is an exciting time for Capital One. Years of hard work and bold choices have positioned us to thrive, grow, and lead in a dramatically changing environment. As industry forces collide, there is a unique opportunity for us to challenge the industry and generate strong, sustainable shareholder value. I wouldn't trade places with anyone. Together with the great people of Capital One, I look forward to continuing our quest to bring ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking, and along the way build one of America's great companies.

Richard D. Fairbank Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President

NCAA and Final Four are trademarks of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.

11

