eholders and friends a letter to our shareholders and friends a letter to our shareholders and friends a letter
Nothing is out of reach when 17,000 people set their minds to something.
Capital One® came of age in 2003. Our business diversification strategy, put into action in 1998, delivered its first substantial contributions to the bottom line. The Capital One brand, virtually unknown four years ago, achieved near-universal recognition among American consumers. We created a new management structure to meet the challenges of running the large and dynamic enterprise that Capital One has become.
Once again, our associates delivered record earnings, with the addition of $11.5 billion to managed loans and improvements in credit quality. Net income for the year rose 26%, to $1.1 billion, and managed loans increased 19%, to $71.2 billion, solidifying Capital One’s position as a leader in consumer financial services.
Nine years of rapid growth have dramatically changed our metrics, but through all of the changes, we’ve worked hard to maintain the high quality of our financial performance. And as we’ve grown, two things have remained the same: our core strategy and our values. The heart of Capital One’s Information-Based Strategy (IBS) is a rigorously scientific test-and-learn methodology that has
enabled us to excel at product innovation, marketing and risk management—the essentials of success in consumer financial services. The Company continues to thrive by living its values: Excellence and Do the Right Thing. These values are the bedrock of Capital One, and they guide everything we do.
Our U.S. credit card business continues to generate powerful earnings: $1.2 billion in 2003 compared with $1.0 billion in 2002. As we predicted, our charge-off rates declined during the year, thanks largely to improved credit performance and the continuing diversification of our products and markets.
Our quest to take our strategy into new markets is paying off. The new businesses we’ve been building overseas and in other U.S. lending markets (auto finance, installment and small-business loans) are now significant drivers of earnings growth. Collectively they contributed $203 million, or 18%, of the year’s net income. They account for more than a third of managed loans, another sign of the continuing transformation of Capital One from a credit card company to a diversified consumer financial services company.
As we continue to grow and diversify our businesses, Capital One has focused on building strong risk management and corporate governance practices throughout the Company. I am pleased to report that this focus has positioned us well for the future and increased the confidence of our external constituencies in our ability to continue to drive profitable growth.
 r

holders and friends a letter to our shareholders and friends a letter to our shareholders and friends a letter
Financially, Capital One has never been stronger. Consolidated capital stands at 8.19% of managed assets. Liquidity is more than three times our 2004 term debt maturities. We view asset quality as all-important to long-term success and maintain it by rigorous risk analysis, low credit lines and active management of individual accounts.
To fund our business, we raised a record $15.2 billion in 2003 from a well-diversified pool of capital markets investors. We raised another $10.1 billion from depositors by marketing certificates of deposit and other savings instruments. At year-end, with the $22.4 billion on deposit at
Capital One F.S.B. and Capital One Bank, we were the country’s thirty-fourth largest deposit institution.
Early in 2003, Capital One’s co-founder and president, Nigel Morris, announced that he wanted to leave the Company to take on new challenges and spend more time with his family. I feel exceedingly fortunate to have had Nigel as a partner in building Capital One, and all of us will miss his energy, skill and leadership. I look forward to continuing the Company’s extraordinary journey with the support of the world-class senior management team that we have assembled and developed over the years. We work closely together through a newly formed executive committee consisting of the CEO and the heads of our major business lines and staff functions, a governance model appropriate for the FORTUNE® 200 company that we have become.
We’ve also expanded our board of directors with the appointment of two accomplished, experienced business leaders, Lewis Hay III and Mayo A. Shattuck III. Now chairman, president and chief executive of FPL Group, one of the nation’s largest electric companies, Lew Hay has also held senior positions in a major foodservice company and a leading management consulting firm. Before joining Constellation Energy Group, where he is chairman, president and chief executive, Mayo Shattuck was chairman of Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown and global head of the investment banking division.
Capital One has come of age with everything it needs for continued success. A winning strategy. Strong values. Thriving businesses. Best-in-class products and first-rate service. Solid financials.
A powerful brand identity. Significant market opportunities. And above all, people with the vision and the drive to make the most of them. Capital One’s 17,000 associates are in the habit of breaking records and reaching higher, with constant innovation, gains in productivity, dedication to first-class customer service and ever-expanding contributions to their communities. The future of Capital One is in excellent hands.
Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 e
