 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS
2006 was a defining year for Capital One. We delivered another year of solid results and made a transformational move in banking with the acquisition of North Fork. Our earnings per share grew 13% in 2006, with diluted earnings per share of $7.62. We continued to generate strong asset growth. Managed loans increased 39% to $146.2 billion (including $31.7 billion of loans from North Fork), with organic loan growth of 10% this year.
We continued to experience strong credit performance in 2006, aided in part by the “pull forward” effect from the bankruptcy law changes in 2005, with managed charge-offs of 2.84%. We have a solid and diversified balance sheet, with $85.8 billion of total deposits and strong liquidity. Capital One’s strength and diversification are being rewarded. We received multiple ratings upgrades in 2006—two from S&P and one from Moody’s.
We’re Delivering On Our Strategy
We transformed our company this year with the integration of Hibernia and the acquisition of North Fork. With North Fork, we’ve become the 11th largest bank in America based on deposits. We have a growth platform in one of the best banking markets in the United States—the greater New York region. And we’ve substantially diversified our company’s funding and profits.
At Capital One, we’re forging our vision of banking. We always try to figure out where the world is going and then work backwards from that vision to position our company to win over the long term. We believe that the winners in banking in the United States—the “endgame players”—will be the players who bring together the best of national scale lending and local scale banking and create advantaged access for customers.
Consumer lending businesses are consolidating nationally, one product at a time. Credit cards have been at the forefront of the consolidation wave in consumer lending, and other consumer lending businesses, such as auto finance and home equity, are following the same path. A few winners will emerge in each of these businesses during critical windows of consolidation.
Other banking businesses, like consumer deposits, small business and middle-market commercial banking, remain fiercely local in nature. Success in those businesses is not driven by national scale. Instead, the banks with scale in their local markets and great local execution generally win, gaining a disproportionately large share of deposits and customer relationships.
As this transformation of the banking landscape plays out, a handful of banks are breaking away from the pack to create advantaged customer access. They are creating massive customer bases with tens of millions of customers and powerful national brands. And they
 1

 are building a range of distribution channels to meet customers where they are. These are structural benefits that will give these banks an enduring advantage in building deep, multi-product customer relationships.
Most banks are keenly following the dramatic consolidation trends in the industry, but with a different focus. Typically, they’re focused on the consolidation happening one institution at a time. But consolidation is happening faster than that—one product at a time. The windows to build national consumer lending businesses will close well before geographical consolidation runs its course. As local and regional banks continue to consolidate, they are building greater local scale, but are not necessarily addressing the nationalization of many lines of business. And even the largest banks, which have both national and local scale businesses, often end up losing their local touch because they manage their local franchises nationally. Building the right kind of scale and executing at the right level are essential to winning in banking.
At Capital One, our strategy works backwards from this “endgame” vision of banking. We have built strong national consumer businesses in credit cards, auto finance, home loans, installment loans, small business and healthcare finance. In local banking, we now have the leading market share in Louisiana, a top three position in the greater New York region and a strong growth platform in Texas. We have over 50 million customer accounts and a well-recognized national brand. While having a solid “bone structure” doesn’t guarantee our success, it’s a great head start.
 2

We acquired North Fork for $13.2 billion. That’s a lot of money—our shareholders’ money. Our investors have been patient as we’ve transformed our company. I am committed to making sure that our shareholders get paid for their patience. Our transformation into a broadly diversified financial institution reduces long-term risk, provides new growth opportunities and allows us to be more capital efficient. As a result, we are well-positioned to deliver attractive and sustainable returns for our investors.
Our National Lending Businesses Are Delivering Strong Growth And Profits
This has been a great year for our North American consumer lending businesses. We continue to deliver strong returns in the United States and Canada, driven in part by the favorable credit environment that we’ve enjoyed this year. Our UK business continues to struggle in a very challenging consumer credit environment. As we look ahead, our domestic lending businesses are well-positioned for growth as we continue to stabilize our UK franchise.
U.S. Card
Our U.S. Card business had another strong year in 2006. Jory Berson assumed the role of president of our U.S. Card business this year, and he’s providing great leadership. Jory has worked in virtually every area of our U.S. Card business, and he is supported by a deep and experienced team of executives.
 3
 “We transformed our company this year with the integration of Hibernia and the acquisition of North Fork.”
 
U.S. Card delivered net income of $1.8 billion in 2006, up 13% from the prior year. Stellar credit performance continued to be a key driver of U.S. Card results. Managed charge-offs were 3.37% for the year, the lowest level since 1995. We also continued to generate strong loan growth, ending 2006 with managed loans of $53.6 billion, up 8.4% from the end of 2005.
In 2006, our big push in U.S. Card was our focus on transactor customers who use their cards mostly as a payment vehicle. We believe that transactor products, such as rewards cards, enhance our brand and build profitable and enduring customer relationships for the long term. We continue to offer our flexible No Hassle Miles® airline rewards card which allows our customers to fly any airline, any time, with no blackout dates. Unlike many competitors, our rewards don’t expire and there is no limit on the rewards that can be earned. These programs are driving strong growth. Total purchase volume in U.S. Card was up 13% in 2006.
We chose to stay on the sidelines in the prime revolver segment for much of 2005 and 2006. This segment is dominated by our competitors’ offers featuring introductory rates as low as 0% for as long as 18 months. We believe that these products are heavily dependent on penalty repricing for profitability, and ultimately sacrifice customer loyalty and long-term returns for the sake of short-term growth. These types of products are inconsistent with the customer franchise that we’re building. We recently introduced new products in the prime segment that are not dependent on aggressive penalty repricing to achieve profitability. These new prime products are generating profitable growth and stickier customer relationships in our U.S. Card business.
A robust infrastructure is essential to innovation. In 2006, we successfully re-tooled our U.S. Card infrastructure under the leadership of Rob Alexander, concluding a three year effort to convert our card billing system to the Total Systems billing platform. The conversion was the biggest infrastructure initiative ever undertaken by the company. Our new card platform will fuel innovation by enabling us to create more customized offers while dramatically improving our speed to market.
U.S. Card will continue to face significant challenges. Credit losses have been at historically low levels, and we expect losses to return to more normal levels going forward. In addition, the credit card industry in the United States remains intensely competitive. Day in and day out, we compete against some of the biggest financial institutions in the world in a highly consolidated industry. However, we believe that we’re well-positioned to meet these challenges head on and to continue building a resilient and profitable U.S. Card business.
Global Financial Services
Global Financial Services, or GFS, is our portfolio of emerging national scale growth businesses, including small business lending, home loans, installment lending and healthcare finance, along with our international businesses in Canada and the UK.
 4

Larry Klane, our head of GFS, has provided strong leadership, supported by a team of incredibly talented line executives who manage each of the portfolio businesses.
GFS is a tale of two continents. Our North American businesses are thriving as our UK business continues to face a challenging consumer credit environment. Despite the UK, GFS had a strong year in 2006, with net income of $274.0 million, up 47% from last year. Managed loans grew $3.6 billion, or 15%, in 2006. GFS continues to provide growth and diversification to the company.
In 2006, small business profits and outstandings grew significantly,
while credit remained stable. We are the second-largest issuer of small
business credit cards in America. In addition, we offer a wide spectrum
of financial solutions to our small business customers, including lines
of credit and Small Business Administration loans. Purchase volumes
on our small business cards grew at a healthy 15% clip this year
and our 15-minute loan approval process continues to be a big hit
with our small business customers. 2006 marked the first year that
we’ve advertised small business nationally with commercials poking
good-natured fun at banks who “think small about small business.”
We’ll continue to leverage our multi-channel marketing and national
brand to deliver superior products and service to our millions of small business customers.
Similarly, our installment lending and healthcare finance businesses continue on a strong, upward trajectory. Our installment loans business was the largest contributor to overall GFS loan growth in 2006. The interest rate environment helped installment loan growth as our fixed rate products were an attractive alternative to variable rate home equity lines. Our healthcare finance business is taking off. Doctors are gravitating toward our customer- friendly products. They appreciate the ability to provide their patients with hassle-free financing for a wide range of medical services, from orthodontics to fertility treatments.
Our home equity business continues to thrive. Capital One Home Loans drives growth by delivering a brand-defining online experience where we help our customers get great rates for mortgages, home equity loans, and home equity lines of credit through a unique, user-friendly consultation process.
We are also building a winning franchise in Canada. We’re a national player in Canada in credit cards, and we’re growing our business and our brand rapidly. Our Canadian business is well-positioned to make even bigger contributions to the bottom line going forward.
The UK continues to present a very challenging consumer credit environment for the industry. Credit across consumer lending in the UK degraded markedly in 2006, primarily
 5
 “Our new card platform will fuel innovation by enabling us to create more customized offers while dramatically improving our speed to market.”

 due to a 60% spike in the rate of insolvency filings. In response to these stiff headwinds, we moved quickly to slow growth, tighten our credit policies and cut costs. While the exogenous environment remains difficult, and resulted in bottom line losses in the UK in 2006, we have taken aggressive steps to weather this downturn and position our
UK business for success as the credit environment improves.
Overall, GFS delivered great results in 2006. Our GFS businesses have invested wisely in marketing, infrastructure and innovation and are poised to deliver growth and profits in 2007 and beyond.
Auto Finance And Mortgage
Capital One Auto Finance®, or COAF, delivered strong growth and profitability in 2006. Dave Lawson has been a steady hand at the helm of this business since our acquisition of Summit Acceptance Corporation in 1998. Since that time, COAF has transformed itself into one of the top national players in auto finance.
In 2006, COAF delivered net income of $233.5 million, up 77%. Origination volumes were strong with managed loans at the end of 2006 of $21.8 billion, up $5.4 billion from a year ago, including Hibernia’s legacy auto portfolio. COAF successfully integrated Hibernia’s auto business and is in the process of integrating North Fork’s. The team has deep expertise in bringing together auto platforms, and is poised to drive revenue growth and efficiency gains with these new channels and massive scale. COAF has greater coverage than ever before
 6

 with its national network of nearly 16,000 franchised dealers. In the future, we’ll be focused on building even deeper relationships with each of our dealers to drive volume growth.
Our direct business continues to grow with innovative products that are changing the car-buying experience by providing a truly “no hassle” alternative to our customers. For example, we continue to offer our Blank Check®—a real check that you can use to purchase a car or a motorcycle, refinance a loan, or buy out an auto lease. The Blank Check® gives our customers loan approvals in minutes and the ability to shop and save like a cash buyer.
The auto finance business is challenging. COAF faces fierce competition and has been the beneficiary of a favorable credit environment in 2006. In addition, COAF’s dealer network is relatively mature, covering approximately 84% of the nation’s franchised dealers. The leverage for COAF is in driving additional loan volume from the existing dealer network to generate growth. Despite these challenges, COAF is well-positioned to remain one of the nation’s leading dealer-based and online auto lenders. With access to Capital One’s tens of millions of customers, our expanded banking channel and our powerful national brand, COAF has strong momentum.
Dave Lawson has deep experience managing national scale consumer lending businesses. He’s a proven operator who knows how to execute. Given his track record in auto finance, we’ve expanded Dave’s role and asked him to also lead our national mortgage business, called GreenPoint, which we acquired as part of the North Fork deal. GreenPoint provides
 7
 “We are well- positioned to deliver attractive and sustainable returns for
our investors.”

 specialized, nonconforming mortgages to prime customers, selling virtually all of its production to the wholesale markets. The mortgage industry is challenging, but we plan to grow this business appropriately in light of industry cycles, the company’s diversification needs, and sound risk management practices.
We’re Striving For Great Execution In Banking
We have made big moves in banking to change the bone structure of Capital One. Now, our rallying cry internally is to “bring it home with great execution.” We substantially completed the integration of Hibernia in 2006. Our bank continues to perform well, despite the industry challenge of the current yield curve environment, posting net income of $178.6 million in 2006. Deposits remained relatively flat at $35.3 billion. As anticipated, the $4.5 billion deposited by customers following the 2005 Gulf Coast hurricanes began to run off, largely offset by deposit growth in Texas and other areas of Louisiana. We maintained our market-leading position in Louisiana, with a 22% share of deposits, and we opened 39 new branches in Texas and Louisiana in 2006.
With the acquisition of North Fork, we’ll be more focused on great execution than ever. Under John Kanas’ leadership, North Fork built a preeminent bank in the greater New York region. John will continue to head up our consolidated banking operations supported by a capable team from both North Fork and Hibernia.
Our imperative is to bring together the best of each of our businesses to create a winning bank. We have a strong foundation to build on, with over 700 branches in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Louisiana and Texas with $85.8 billion in total deposits. North Fork and Hibernia have proven banking models. Both institutions are known for their great people. And each of our banks has a deep appreciation for our customers and our communities. Together, we’ll continue these traditions and bring the same level of commitment to our customers, communities and associates in each of our banking markets.
We’re Living Our Brand
We’ve made great strides in enhancing our brand in 2006. Our national U.S. Card advertising campaigns, featuring well-known icons such as our Visigoths, helped us remain one of the most recognized brands in the nation. We have 98% total awareness of the Capital One brand and continue to rank at or near the top of key brand equity measures among our competitors.
We continue to extend our brand across the spectrum of our businesses. We launched the brand change in Hibernia’s footprint in Louisiana and Texas with great success as the Visigoths promised to “bring banking out of the dark ages.” Awareness of the Capital One brand among our banking customers in those markets is now higher than
 8

Hibernia’s brand awareness before the conversion. We also expanded our brand advertising to our small business and home loans businesses. A powerful brand is essential to competing at a national level, and Bill McDonald and his team are among the best in the business.
Having a great brand is a lot more than just airing memorable television ads. Bill always says, “a brand is a promise that, when kept, builds customer loyalty.” Our brand is premised on delivering great value without the hassle. Keeping our promises to customers is our mission every day at Capital One. We’re grateful that tens of millions of customers have chosen Capital One, and we’re continuing to go the extra mile to give them a compelling customer experience.
Our Great People Are Driving Results
Our company was founded on a simple principle: recruit great people
and give them the opportunity to be great. It sounds simple, but in
practice it’s not easy. Attracting and empowering great talent is one
of the most talked about, but least delivered on, things in business.
Staying true to this principle requires our managers to make recruiting
their number one line job, searching the world for the best person
for every position. Our relentless quest for great people has been the
highest leverage endeavor in the history of our company. Our Human Resources team, led by Matt Schuyler, continues to develop programs and strategies that help make Capital One a destination for great talent. Our efforts are paying off. Capital One recently was named to Fortune’s list of the “100 Best Places to Work.”
Our Board of Directors continued to provide outstanding guidance and direction. As a group, they have a broad range of experiences and unimpeachable integrity. Our board is focused on empowering our management team to deliver on the long-term strategy of the company. We couldn’t have made the bold moves that have defined our company without their support. John Kanas became a director in 2006 after the closing of the North Fork deal, and he’ll bring a wealth of banking experience to our board.
Our executive team continued to deliver strong leadership. Our business leaders drove great results with the help of many talented staff groups. We are well-served by teams led by Gary Perlin, our Chief Financial Officer; John Finneran, our General Counsel; Peter Schnall, our Chief Risk Officer; and Gregor Bailar, our Chief Information Officer.
At Capital One, our long-standing values are “excellence” and “do the right thing.” These twin pillars of our values are not a trade-off—we expect all of our associates to embody both. Our nearly 32,000 associates live these values every day at Capital One.
 9
 “Our company was founded on a simple principle: recruit great people and give them the opportunity to be great.”

Our associates bring their skills and compassion to our communities. Collectively, they contributed tens of thousands of hours of service to their communities this year. Our associates are making a big impact. For example, in 2006 Capital One received the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s top award for corporate citizenship for our partnership with Junior Achievement to bring financial education to more than 2,500 children and young adults.
Our associate ranks have more than doubled in the past two years with the acquisitions of Hibernia and North Fork. The introduction of new cultures from high-performing companies is making us better. We’re incredibly proud to be working with all of our new banking associates and look forward to accomplishing great things together.
I am constantly amazed by the accomplishments of our people. I often ask them how they do it. The most common answer? “I’m just doing my job.” This sense of humility exemplifies our associates. I am awed by their achievements. But I’m even more inspired by their willingness to always do what’s right for the company and to put the interests of their teams and colleagues above their own. This is a rarity in any organization and one of our most precious assets. The credit for the successes of our company over the years belongs to them. I am privileged to work side-by-side with our great people on our quest to build an enduringly great company.
Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  10
