 chairman’s letter to shareholders and friends
We’ve come a long way during our first decade as a public company, and we’re well positioned to sustain our success.
Capital One celebrated its tenth anniversary as a public company in 2004 by turning in another outstanding financial performance. For ten straight years, our earnings per share growth and return on equity have exceeded 20%, a record equaled by only a handful of public companies. Our momentum is the result of a winning strategy, great products, a strong brand and, most of all, the talents of our almost 15,000 associates worldwide.
In 2004, Capital One delivered record earnings of $1.5 billion, up 36% from last year. Managed loans increased 12% to $79.9 billion, and we grew by 1.5 million accounts. Our U.S. credit card business delivered solid growth. Managed loans topped $48 billion in 2004, up 5%, and earnings rose 17% to $1.4 billion. The diversification efforts we began years ago are paying off. Together, Capital One Auto Finance and Global Financial Services accounted for 39% of Capital One’s managed loans at the end of 2004 and 24% of earnings.
We’ve come a long way since our spin-off from a regional bank in 1994. Back then, we had a single line of business and 5 million accounts. Today, we’re a diversified FORTUNE® 200 company with more than 48 million accounts. We’ve become one of the largest consumer franchises in America, providing innovative products across a broad spectrum of financial services, including credit cards, auto lending, small-business lending, installment lending and savings. In the U.K. and Canada, we’ve created leading credit card businesses and are expanding into new financial products and services.
One thing that hasn’t changed during the past decade is our proprietary Information-Based Strategy (IBS), which combines the power of information, technology, testing and great people to bring customized solutions to consumers. IBS has been the foundation of Capital One’s success in credit cards and is driving growth and profitability in our newer businesses. The credit card business is now consolidated, with the top seven players accounting for over 85% of the market. Other lending businesses are more fragmented, but will consolidate over time. The financial services industry increasingly will be dominated by large players with multiple, national-scale lending platforms and national brands. IBS, a proven strategy for capturing market share and building national scale, puts us in a strong position to continue winning in consolidated markets, like credit cards, and to capitalize on future waves of consolidation in financial services.
In 2004, we announced several acquisitions that were completed in early 2005. The acquisition of Onyx Acceptance Corporation® made Capital One Auto Finance the second-largest independent auto lender in the United States. We also acquired Kansas City-based eSmartloan, an online originator of home equity loans and mortgages, Hfs Group, a home equity loan broker in the United Kingdom, and InsLogic, an insurance brokerage based in Tennessee.
  
 chairman’s letter to shareholders and friends
Years ago, we staked out a powerful brand position by promising to deliver “great value without the hassle” to our customers. We’ve backed up this commitment with a steady stream of products that give tens of millions of consumers a great deal and simplify their financial lives. And, through our innovative commercials, like our David Spade ads, we’ve created one of the most recognizable brands in the United States. Our brand generates thrust for our established businesses and paves the way for our expansion into new markets.
Capital One’s disciplined financial management is providing stability and flexibility. We continue to drive down operating costs and reallocate resources where we identify better opportunities for invest- ment and growth, as we did in 2004 with exits from ventures in France and South Africa. Our funding is fortified and there is strong demand for our asset-backed securities. And, we have a large and growing deposit base. Capital One is now the 31st-largest deposit institution in the United States. The Federal Reserve Board approved our application to become a bank holding company, enhancing our flexibility, and Standard & Poor’sSM upgraded our credit rating, increasing our access to lower-cost funding. With liquidity in excess of $21 billion and $9.2 billion in capital at the end of 2004, we have the financial strength to seize the right opportunities when they arise.
In the end, our success comes down to one thing – our people. I have the good fortune to work closely with an experienced and talented Executive Committee, whose exceptional leadership and judgment are evident in everything from our can-do culture to our bottom line. Our directors are providing strong oversight and governance, and we continue to add to the Board’s depth and talent. Our newest director, Ann Fritz Hackett, president of the Horizon Consulting Group, brings us a wealth of strategic and marketing expertise. Our associates’ ideas and drive have powered our success from the beginning. And they bring the same passion they invest in Capital One to their communities by volunteering tens of thousands of hours to helping at-risk children and families in need. On and off the job, our people embody our core Values of “Excellence” and “Do the Right Thing.”
We’re well positioned to continue our profitable growth. Financially, we’ve never been stronger. Our flagship credit card business is thriving. We’re successfully taking IBS, the strategy that made Capital One a winner in credit cards and auto finance, to new businesses. And, we have a powerful brand and huge customer base to fuel our growth and diversification. Our people have pulled together to make Capital One the strong, diversified Company it is today. And I am confident that they will sustain our momentum as we enter our second decade as a public company.
Richard D. Fairbank
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    2
