TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Fiscal 2006, our sixth year as a public company, demonstrated sustained success, as we achieved excellent results across all aspects of our business and continued to increase profitability. These results reflect sustainability of our business model, our ability to effectively execute our growth strategies, and most importantly, the strength and endurance of the Coach brand. Sales for fiscal 2006 rose 23% to $2.1 billion, with all channels of distribution posting increases from prior year levels. We were particularly pleased with the strength of our business in North America, both in our own full price and factory stores and in the department store channel, as the U.S. market for premium handbags and accessories continues to flourish. In addition, we were also delighted with the continued excellent market share gains we achieved in Japan, building upon our number two market share position, as our accessible luxury proposition resonated particularly well with the stylish Japanese consumer. Once again, both new and existing stores generated excellent results. The company's operating margin rose to 36.2% for the year, a remarkable 270 basis point expansion from fiscal 2005 levels. Gross margin for the year climbed to over 77%, with supply chain initiatives and product mix shifts offsetting the negative impact of channel mix. At the same time, selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales declined to about 41% due to operating leverage achieved in the U.S. and other non-Japan businesses. Direct to consumer sales, which consist primarily of sales at Coach stores in North America and Japan, rose 23% to $1.6 billion in fiscal 2006. These results were generated by higher comparable store sales as well as new and expanded stores. Indirect sales increased 24% to $501 million, driven by strong gains in all channels, including U.S. department stores, international wholesale, and business-to-business. In fiscal 2006, sales at Coach Japan accounted for 20% of revenues. Fiscal 2006 was another year of continued distribution and market share growth for Coach. In the U.S., we added 25 new full price stores, including eight new markets, and expanded seven others. Through Coach Japan, we continued to develop our opportunity in Japan, adding sixteen net new locations, including a flagship in Kobe, and expanding nine others. The strength of the Coach franchise is built upon our distinctive business model. We offer accessible luxury lifestyle accessories that are extremely well-made, at a very attractive price. By doing so, we are able to continually strengthen Coach's position by building lasting market share. This premise is essential to our belief that we will continue to achieve sustainable growth in the years ahead in the rapidly growing premium accessories category.

LEW FRANKFORT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO

