TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

chairman's letter

3

Fiscal 2005 was a stellar year for Coach, as we delivered outstanding results in all key financial metrics, throughout every channel of our business. Our performance once again reflected the strength of our business model, the sustainability of our growth strategies, our ability to execute efficiently and the endurance of the Coach brand. Sales for fiscal 2005 rose 29% to $1.7 billion, with all channels of distribution posting increases from prior year levels. We were particularly pleased with the strength of both our full priced retail and wholesale channels and our rapidly growing factory business in North America. In addition, we were also happy with the continued strong market share gains we achieved in Japan, consolidating our number two market share position. Once again, both new and existing stores generated excellent results driven by product innovation, relevance and excellent value within our offering. Gross margin for the year climbed to nearly 77%, driven by channel mix, product mix, and sourcing cost initiatives. At the same time, selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales declined to about 40%,due to operating leverage achieved in the U.S. and other non-Japan businesses. The company's operating margin rose to 36.4%, a remarkable 280 basis point expansion from fiscal 2004 levels. Direct to consumer sales, which consist primarily of sales at Coach stores, rose 29% to $935 million in fiscal 2005. These results were generated by new and expanded stores as well as higher comparable store sales. Indirect sales increased 30% to $775 million, driven by strong gains in all channels, including Coach Japan, U.S. department stores, international wholesale, and business-to-business. In fiscal 2005, sales at Coach Japan accounted for 22% of revenues. Fiscal 2005 was another year of continued distribution and market share growth for Coach. In the U.S. we added 19 new full price stores, including six new markets, and expanded seven others. Through Coach Japan we continued to develop our opportunity in Japan, adding four net new locations and expanding 14 highly productive shop-in-shops, as well as one retail store. We also opened four Japanese flagship stores with excellent results this year, in the cities of Sapporo, Sendai, Osaka and Nagoya. Our formula for success has remained constant despite a changing environment. We have five unvarying elements that separate us from the competition ­ our distinctive brand, our leadership position, our loyal consumer base, our multi-channel, international distribution and our focus on product innovation and the consumer. The engine that drives these elements is our strong and seasoned management team, fueled by fresh, exciting product and supported by an adaptive, dynamic, global sourcing and supply chain. It is the passion, commitment and talent of our people that enable us to consistently excel. Our brand has never been stronger, nor has our accessible luxury proposition ever been more vibrant. We believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on the multiple opportunities ahead of us and have the vision, strategies and tactics in place to realize our long term growth plans. We're confident that our growth strategies will allow us to achieve continued momentum in the years ahead.

Lew Frankfort, Chairman and CEO

