TO OUR SH A REHOLDERS:

Fiscal 2003 was another successful year for our company, as we generated superior results on ever y financial metric. Our performance reflected the increasing vitality of the Coach brand, and the relevance of the product offering across all of our business units. Coach's continued success is built upon an unwavering commitment to the brand's core values and to the long-term growth strategies that we have put into place. And most importantly, to the loyal Coach consumer, who anchors our brand and will continue to be our focus as we grow in the future. Furthermore, we have built a unique business model based on key differentiating elements that set our company apart from the competitive landscape and make Coach a truly distinctive proposition. Our strategies for growth build upon this model and should allow our company to continue to generate superior financial results over the planning horizon. Sales for fiscal 2003 rose 32% to $953.2 million, with all channels of distribution posting increases from prior year levels. We were particularly pleased with the performance of our retail stores in the United States and in Japan, as we continued to expand our market share. Both new and existing stores outpaced our expectations, driven by new product introductions, which addressed an increasing portion of our consumers' usage occasions. In addition, we saw ongoing momentum in collections such as Signature and Hamptons, which were enhanced during the fiscal year. Gross margin for the year climbed to over 71% driven by channel mix, product mix and sourcing cost initiatives; as well as by the consolidation of Coach Japan, Inc. At the same time, selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales declined to about 46% due to operating leverage achieved in the U.S. and other non-Japan businesses. For the full year the company's operating margin rose to nearly 26%, a remarkable expansion of over 600 basis points from fiscal 2002 levels. · Direct-to-consumer sales, which consist primarily of sales at Coach stores, rose 25% to $559.6 million in fiscal 2003. These results were generated by higher comparable store sales as well as new and expanded stores. · Indirect sales increased 45% to $393.7 million, driven primarily by strong gains at Coach Japan. The results in Japan reflected both doubledigit gains in comparable location sales and the outstanding performance of new stores. In fiscal 2003, sales at Coach Japan accounted for over 18% of revenues. Fiscal 2003 was a year of continued progress in all geographies and channels. In Japan, we continued to strengthen the infrastructure necessar y to support significant additional growth in this market. Additionally, we opened our second Japanese flagship store, located in the Shibuya section of Tokyo, with great success. In the United States, we added 20 net new stores and expanded nine others. Also in the United States, we reaped the benefit of our department store reassortment strategy and realized significant increases in market share and point-of-sale revenues in this channel. While the past year was truly spectacular, perhaps the most significant learning gleaned from our results was that substantial organic growth remains in the core concept as it exists today. We have become a true, year-round fashion resource, highlighted by the fact that our most significant growth occurred in the nonholiday quarters. Looking ahead, we believe that our competitive strengths, along with the growth strategies that we have implemented, will enable us to achieve continued financial success.

Lew Frankfort, Chairman and CEO

`4

