TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS: Fiscal 2004 was another remarkable year for our company, as we generated outstanding financial results in all dimensions of our business. Our performance reflected the growing strength of the Coach brand, and consumers' continued enthusiasm for our fresh and relevant product offering. Our results also speak to our philosophy of operating Coach as a small business with large sales, which we manage very actively. We understand that we are not simply selling product, but building lasting relationships with our consumers, one at a time. Sales for fiscal 2004 rose 39% to $1.3 billion, with all channels of distribution posting increases from prior year levels. We were particularly pleased with the performance of our full-priced businesses in the U.S. ­ where we saw strong growth in our accessory category ­ and the rapid market share growth we achieved in Japan, where we attained the number two market share position. Both new and existing stores generated excellent results driven by distinctive newness in our product offering, which addresses the active lifestyles of our broad and loyal consumer base. In addition, we saw ongoing momentum in collections such as Soho and Signature, which were updated and enhanced during the fiscal year. Gross margin for the year climbed to nearly 75%, driven by channel mix, product mix, and sourcing cost initiatives. At the same time, selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales declined to about 41%, due to operating leverage achieved in the U.S. and other non-Japan businesses. For the full year, the company's operating margin rose to 33.6%, a remarkable 800 basis point expansion from fiscal 2003 levels.
·

chairman's letter

3
COACH, INC. AR 2004

Direct to consumer sales, which consist primarily of sales at Coach stores, rose 30% to $726 million in fiscal 2004. These results were generated by higher comparable store sales as well as new and expanded stores. Indirect sales increased 51% to $595 million, driven by strong gains in all channels including Coach Japan, U.S. department stores international wholesale, and business-to-business. In fiscal 2004, sales at Coach Japan accounted for nearly 21% of total revenues.

·

Fiscal 2004 was another year of continued distribution and market share growth for Coach. In the U.S., we added 19 new full price stores and expanded nine others. Through Coach Japan we continued to develop our opportunity in Japan, adding eight new locations and expanding 15 highly productive shop-in-shops as well as one retail store. We also opened our third Japanese flagship store, located in the Marunouchi section of Tokyo, with great success. While our accomplishments this year have been significant, based on the increasing vibrancy and strength of the Coach brand, we have never felt more positive than we do today about our prospects for future organic growth. We have built a diversified business model, which yields highly predictable results. We have a well articulated vision, which rests on our distinctive proposition, strong brand equities, and expanding market share. At the same time, our diversified distribution model, multiple product platforms, monthly product flow, and market research activities help us mitigate risk. Finally, we have the systems in place, along with a flexible, nimble and highly responsive supply chain, to support our growth in the years ahead. In summary, we have clarity to our growth, and we are confident in our ability to continue to generate superior financial results.

Lew Frankfort, Chairman and CEO

