Letter to Shareholders

D

ear Shareholders:

We are pleased to tell you that your Company reported strong volume and share growth as well as solid earnings for 2005. Our results are even more encouraging given several extraordinary challenges we faced during the year. These challenges included an unprecedented increase in packaging costs, soaring fuel prices and the devastation of a portion of our territory by Hurricane Katrina. The Company earned $23.0 million in 2005, or $2.53 per share, as compared to $21.8 million, or $2.41 per share, the previous year. The Company's fiscal year in 2005 had 52 selling weeks versus 53 selling weeks in 2004. Reversing recent trends, bottle/ can volume grew 4 percent during 2005. In addition to introducing a number of new products and packages, including Vault, Coke Zero and Dasani flavors, the Company also realized gains in market share. The Company's 2005 results were impacted by several one-time events, including the favorable after-tax impact

Coca-Cola and its products have a big presence at the new Charlotte Bobcats Arena.

2

The scoreboard at the Charlotte Bobcats Arena reminds thirsty fans to "Obey Your Thirst."

of $.46 per share due to the settlement of a class action lawsuit related to high fructose corn syrup. This was partially offset by financing transaction costs of $.11 per share on an after-tax basis associated with a debt exchange and the early retirement of certain debt. While demand in our largest product category -- sugar carbonated soft drinks -- continues to be soft, innovative products have breathed new life into this category. One such product is Vault, a citrus-flavored hybrid drink, part soft drink and part energy drink. Vault is the result of a close collaboration among The Coca-Cola Company, Coca-Cola Consolidated and several other bottlers that clearly demonstrates there are ways to grow volume and share in the mature sugar carbonated soft drink market. Product and packaging innovation continues to play a vital role in our success. Consumers are increasingly looking for new and different beverage offerings. The growth within the industry is in water, sports drinks, energy drinks, other noncarbonated beverages and low-calorie carbonated soft drinks. To respond to the changing tastes of our consumers, we have aggressively added new products over the past several years.

New products such as Vault, Full Throttle, Coke Zero, diet Coke with Splenda, Dasani flavors, Fresca flavors, and POWERade Option helped make 2005 a successful year for Coca-Cola Consolidated. These new products are just the beginning, with many new, exciting offerings coming online in 2006, including Vault Zero, Tab Energy, Coke Blak, Black Cherry Vanilla Coke, diet Black Cherry Vanilla Coke, Full Throttle Fury, Cinnabon coffee drinks and other items. We also continue to look for new ways to package our products for consumers, and we recently made improvements in our Fridge PackTM can and bottle packaging to make it even more convenient and consumer-friendly. Additionally, we are experimenting with a number of exciting new packaging innovations including new multipack can configurations, new large plastic bottle sizes and more glass packaging, which we plan to introduce throughout our territory in 2006.

Make. Sell. Deliver.

3

Letter to Shareholders
We noted that there were considerable challenges in 2005. We experienced extraordinary increases in packaging costs, both in aluminum cans and plastic bottles. The global energy crunch drove fuel prices up dramatically, and large parts of our Mississippi and Alabama territories were devastated by Hurricane Katrina. Further, health care costs continued to outpace inflation, and interest rates were up significantly over the previous year. To address these challenges, we streamlined and reorganized our sales, technical service and fleet operations and continued a long-standing discipline of closely managing both capital and operating expenses. We are undertaking numerous initiatives to redesign work to improve the productivity of our people and assets as we continue to invest in front of opportunities. We have also taken steps to better address rising health care costs by overhauling our benefits plan. Our new plan's objective is to be more consumer-driven, and it is structured to encourage employees to treat health care expenses like other family expenses by creating individual health care accounts. The plan allows employees to save unspent balances for future health care needs. Despite rising interest costs, the Company continued to strengthen its financial position as debt, net of cash investments, decreased by $42 million from last year. The Company has significantly reduced debt over the past five years, which has led to improvements in our financial flexibility and has been an important contributor to increases in shareholder value. The changing nature of our industry demands continuous improvement from those who are committed to winning. The number of package and product combinations, or stock keeping

Consolidated's biggest launch in 2005 was Vault, the very first energy hybrid soda. Vault is the result of major brand innovation, and consumers love the beverage that "drinks like a soda, kicks like an energy drink."

4

units (SKUs), has grown dramatically in recent years -- to nearly 450. We concur with industry experts who predict the number of SKUs will continue to rise significantly. This emerging reality dictates that we increase capabilities and flexibility to sell, warehouse and deliver our products. To meet these challenges, we have moved from conventional to predictive selling, expanded our bulk delivery operation and greatly improved warehouse efficiencies. We have made significant investments in supply chain redesign, and this year, we will begin to roll out our redesigned ATLAS route delivery system. Last year, a respected industry publication, Beverage World, named Coca-Cola Consolidated its "Bottler of the Year." This is a tribute to everyone who works for Coca-Cola Consolidated -- the 6,000 men and women who have dedicated themselves to our mission -- to make, sell and deliver soft drinks better than anyone else. We salute all of our fellow employees for this well-deserved recognition. We want to mention our employees on the Mississippi and Alabama Gulf Coast whose lives were deeply affected by Hurricane Katrina. Their resilience has inspired us all. We thank the hundreds of Coca-Cola Consolidated people who donated their time, efforts and money to help their fellow employees, many of whom lost everything in the worst natural disaster in U.S. history. At Coca-Cola Consolidated, we work as a great team, and dealing with adversity has only made us closer and stronger.

We will continue to face challenges in 2006 and beyond, but we believe we have the best team of people in the industry, executing a winning strategy with a spirit of determination and optimism. While we are constantly looking for ways to improve our performance, we are also seeking opportunities beyond the traditional soft drink bottler model to achieve growth and increase shareholder value. We believe our best is yet to come.

J. Frank Harrison, III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

William B. Elmore President and Chief Operating Officer

Make. Sell. Deliver.

5

