DEAR SHAREHOLDERS, OUR 2013 RESULTS REFLECT THE RELENTLESS PASSION, DETERMINATION AND ENERGY OF OUR MORE THAN 6,000 EMPLOYEES IN AN EXTREMELY CHALLENGING ENVIRONMENT. OUR TALENTED TEAM MEMBERS FOUGHT TO DELIVER SOLID RESULTS FOR OUR CORE BUSINESS, WHILE ACTIVELY SUPPORTING OUR LONG-TERM STRATEGIC OPPORTUNITIES.

OUR BUSINESS
The Company reported net income of $27.7 million, or basic net income per share of $2.99, in 2013 compared to net income of $27.2 million, or basic net income per share of $2.95, in 2012. Comparability of earnings between 2013 and 2012 was impacted by several unusual items. Our 2013 results included losses of $7.3 million net of tax, or $0.79 per share, due to a lump-sum pension buy-out, noncash losses on commodity hedges of $0.3 million net of tax, or $0.03 per share, and favorable adjustments to income tax expense of $3.4 million, or $0.37 per share. Our 2012 results included noncash gains on our hedging programs of $0.3 million net of tax, or $0.03 per share, and unfavorable adjustments to income tax expense of $2.7 million, or $0.29 per share. Excluding these unusual items, net income and basic net income per share were $31.9 million and $3.44 for 2013 compared to $29.6 million and $3.21 for 2012.

6,000

dedicated employees

sold more than 137 million cases this year.

1

1

CCBCC now proudly

115,000 customers
in our 11-state territory.

serves approximately

Net sales increased 1.7 percent in 2013 compared to 2012 due to increased sales to other bottlers and slight price increases in sparkling beverages. Favorable trends in key raw materials prices contributed to lower than anticipated costs of goods. Our intense focus on controlling expenditures enabled us to keep selling, delivery and administrative costs relatively flat, excluding a
Consumers can now enjoy the great taste of Coke Zero with or without caffeine ­ and in a variety of sizes.

The Coca-Cola Company and are excited about the opportunity to grow our business, leverage our capabilities, learn from new employees, and continue to evolve and grow our culture in these neighboring regions. Providing our consumers with a variety of choices is vital to our success, which is why CCBCC offers a wide range of brands and packages. We offer more than 50 brands and flavors in the sparkling beverage category and almost 190 brands and flavors in the still beverage category, making a total of approximately 240 brands and flavors for virtually every consumer need. Different package sizes complement these brands and flavors as consumption occasions vary widely for each consumer we serve. We want our portfolio to offer something for everyone at any time, and we are constantly innovating to meet newly identified consumer needs. In 2013, we launched several new products including fruitwater, Core Power, ZICO Pure Premium Coconut Water, Powerade Zero Drops, new Minute

nonrecurring noncash charge for a lump-sum pension distribution. The Company's commitment to reducing long-term debt the past decade led to a 16.8 percent decrease in interest expense in 2013 compared to 2012. The Company generated $30 million of free cash flow to further reduce longterm debt, better positioning us to achieve our long-term strategic goals. In April 2013, we announced the signing of a nonbinding letter of intent with The Coca-Cola Company to expand our franchise territory in parts of Tennessee and Kentucky. We continue to work diligently to reach definitive agreements with

We also expanded our portfolio with ZICO Pure Premium Coconut Water, a leader in the high-growth coconut water category.

2

Maid brands and Caffeine Free Coke Zero. We also continued to improve our efficiency and effectiveness in 2013. We installed our second warehouse automation system in our Nashville, Tenn., distribution facility and began installation of our third warehouse automation system in our Clayton, N.C., distribution facility. These upgrades enable us to build custom orders in a more cost-efficient and accurate manner. During 2013, the Greensboro, N.C., facility began using CCBCC's proprietary delivery tool CooLift, which is now used in the majority of our major markets. This tool allows drivers to deliver larger loads to customers at one time, reducing miles driven, fuel consumed and the number of stops at customer locations, while improving driver ergonomics. And in Roanoke, Va., we combined the warehousing and distribution functions into one larger facility, enabling better route planning. Also during 2013, the Company conducted an extensive review of operational expenditures and organizational design. We challenged our business functions to reduce or maintain current levels of operating expenses, without compromising the ongoing need for investment in our business and standards of excellence for our products and services. We made significant changes to our organizational structure to efficiently focus on our core business and longterm strategic objectives, enhance alignment of financial and operational functions, and provide developmental opportunities for our leaders.
Providing our consumers with a variety of choices is vital to our success, which is why CCBCC offers a wide range of brands and packaging options.

Our 240 beverage options
include 80 low- and no-calorie beverages.

3

SERVING OTHERS & STRENGTHENING OUR COMMUNITIES

OUR COMMUNITIES
Serving others and strengthening our communities are important components of our Purpose. Each year, our employees donate time and resources to meet physical, spiritual and emotional needs in our communities. In 2013, our employees volunteered a significant number of hours serving 195 organizations that address needs in our territories including education, children and families, homelessness, poverty and more. Our people provided and served more than 75,000 beverages at charitable events and programs,

75,000 BEVERAGES
Our employees provided and served more than 75,000 beverages at charitable events and programs.

11,000 ITEMS
Our staff donated 11,000-plus items, including school supplies, clothing, blankets and other basic necessities, to local ministries and nonprofit organizations.

collected 4,000-plus pounds of food for local food pantries, and donated approximately 11,000 items, including school supplies, clothing, blankets and other basic necessities, to local ministries and nonprofit organizations. CCBCC also remains committed to encouraging healthy lifestyles in our communities. The Coca-Cola Company kicked off the year with an unprecedented campaign to help America beat one of the most serious and complex issues of this generation ­ obesity. In a series of new advertisements, The Coca-Cola Company used its marketing power and scale to educate people about the importance of making informed choices and balancing "calories in" with "calories out." As part of the Coca-Cola family, we support this initiative by offering more than 80 low- and no-calorie beverages and partnering with health-care providers, educational institutions and consumers in our communities to encourage healthy, active lifestyles.

4,000 POUNDS
Our employees collected more than 4,000 pounds of food for local food pantries.

4

The cities of Charlotte and Nashville logged more than

1,000,000

minutes

of physical activity during CCBCC's Fit Family Challenge program.

In 2013, we expanded our partnership with the Fit Family Challenge to include The Coca-Cola Company, Charlotte Parent and Nashville Parent magazines, the cities of Charlotte and Nashville, and Harris Teeter. We challenged citizens in Charlotte and Nashville to log their physical activity for eight weeks for a chance to win a series of prizes. Both cities exceeded the initial goal of 200,000 minutes, with a total of more than 1 million minutes of physical activity logged between the two cities. In recognition of their achievement, CCBCC gave each city a substantial grant to put toward health and wellness initiatives. We also co-sponsored Sprite Spark Parks with Sprite and Piggly Wiggly for a second year and awarded grants to restore three outdoor basketball courts in South Carolina, providing people with safe outdoor spaces for physical activity. The Company remains committed to environmental sustainability in our communities through the diligent

efforts of our employees to conserve resources and identify waste reduction opportunities. In the last three years, we have significantly reduced our use of natural resources ­ we could fill 46 Olympic-size swimming pools with the water we have saved; we have decreased landfill waste by the equivalent of 57,000 full residential trash bins; and our decreased energy use equals the annual electricity and natural gas used in more than 1,400 homes. We replaced older steam water heaters with 95 percent efficient natural gas water heaters in two of our manufacturing facilities. We continue to upgrade our warehouses to energy-efficient lighting and invest in recycling equipment. All of our manufacturing plants are compliant with International Organization for Standardization (ISO) standards for quality and environmental management. And, our manufacturing plant in Roanoke was accepted into the highest level of the Virginia Environmental Excellence Program in 2013.
With the addition of Powerade Zero Drops, consumers have several options for enjoying this refreshing sports drink.

5

195 local organizations
to help address needs in our communities.

In 2013, our employees supported

OUR PEOPLE
Without the abiding support and relentless focus of our gifted employees, we could not achieve the core tenets of our Purpose. Unfavorable weather conditions in the first half of the year, extensive due diligence work related to our expansion opportunities and the development of a major information technology platform created a demanding environment in 2013. Nonetheless, our employees rose to the occasion ­ they delivered on all business objectives, while continuing to strengthen and serve our communities, as they have done throughout the Company's history. We are constantly inspired by our employees' teamwork, integrity and resolve, and we appreciate their countless contributions to our long-term success. We are privileged to make, sell and deliver the world's greatest brands and are excited about our long-term strategic opportunities. We are guided by and devoted to our Purpose and, as always, remain grateful for your support.

J. Frank Harrison, III
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Henry W. Flint
President and Chief Operating Officer

6

