TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

WE BELIEV E

Our Purpose -- to Honor God in All We Do, to Serve Others, to Pursue Excellence and to Grow Profitably -- and the passion and dedication of our people make Coke Consolidated special. When we are successfully fulfilling Our Purpose, we believe our success as a business will follow. And this year, as we grew Our Purpose and our people, we grew our impact as a Company.

In 2016, we continued to grow profitably by focusing on growing our business, growing our territory footprint, and growing our people. We also continued the implementation of best practices and innovative thinking throughout our territory to further improve performance, while expanding our product portfolio and empowering the finest workforce to serve our enlarged consumer base even better. When we first announced our planned territory expansion in 2013, we had 6,500 employees serving 21 million consumers in 11 states. Through our territory expansions and manufacturing facility acquisitions since that time, we have welcomed thousands of talented new teammates into the Coke Consolidated family, which now numbers more than 13,000. Today, our teammates are producing, planning, selling and delivering a broad portfolio of more than 300 sparkling and still brands and flavors to meet the diverse demands and preferences of more than 41 million consumers in 16 states. Since the first announcement of our territory expansion in 2013, we have nearly doubled our net sales to over $3 billion in 2016, the highest in our history.

This year, we thank our teammates for their incredible passion and dedication, which helped us achieve ambitious business goals and manage significant transition, while continuing to serve others. Together, we share a deep commitment to enriching our communities through servant leadership, which strengthens our deep ties within our communities and reflects the core of who we are as a Company. We believe our solid fiscal 2016 net income of over $50.1 million is a direct result of these efforts. We remain firmly committed to pursuing Our Purpose. We are passionate about offering the greatest beverage portfolio in the world and creating long-term value for our shareholders, teammates and communities. We thank you for your continued support.

J. FRANK HARRISON, III CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

HENRY W. FLINT PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

1

