Letter to Shareholders

ear Shareholders: The year 2004 was a challenging one for Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated, but in spite of the challenges, we believe that many of the issues we faced have been addressed and that a review of our performance over the past few years reveals a number of positives. More importantly, we remain confident about the long-term prospects for our business. The Company earned $2l.8 million in 2004, or $2.4l per share, as compared to $30.7 million or $3.40 per share the previous year. While bottle/can volume was flat, the Company's net sales grew by approximately 4 percent in 2004 primarily due to a 3 percent increase in net selling prices, higher contract sales and four additional selling days versus the previous year. The Company's results were also impacted by an increase in its effective income tax rate from l9 percent in 2003 to 40 percent in 2004. The lower tax rate in 2003 reflected a number of one-time favorable adjustments. Our 2004 business results reflect continuing softness in our largest business category, sugar carbonated soft drinks. While sales in diet carbonated soft drinks, water, sports drinks and other noncarbonated drinks showed solid growth, the sales increases in these categories were not sufficient to offset the declines in sugar carbonated soft drinks. Even with flat volume in 2004, the Company's operating income was about even with the prior year through a combination of targeted selling price increases and expense management driven by an emphasis on improving productivity. For a number of years, the Company has been focused on moderating its capital spending and tightly managing its working capital to provide excess cash flow to reduce debt. In 2004, the Company repaid $95 million of its debt. This solid performance follows several years of debt reduction which has been somewhat masked by the 2002 consolidation of

2

-- a CCBCC-led packaging innovation -- roll out at Charlotte's Snyder Production Center.

Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership. The debt reduction since l999 has led to improvements in our financial flexibility and has been an important contributor to the solid increase in shareholder value we have delivered over the past five years. The last several years have been difficult for the U.S. soft drink industry, and the Coca-Cola system has been no exception. While consumers continue to make Coca-Cola classic our and the world's best selling soft drink, many consumers are seeking new beverage experiences. The Coca-Cola system recogDasani Fridge Packs TM nizes the need to better

respond to these shifts in consumer tastes by becoming a total beverage company able to fulfill consumer demand for all types of nonalcoholic beverages and intensifying its focus on innovation. Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated has long been recognized as a leader in packaging innovation, with the successful pioneering of the Fridge PackTM, l2-ounce recyclable PET bottles, Dasani Fridge PackTM and 8-ounce cans. While our Company does its part in packaging innovation, The Coca-Cola Company is also intensifying its product innovation.

Make. Sell. Deliver.

3

Letter to Shareholders
We are especially encouraged by the new leadership at The Coca-Cola Company. Their commitment to significantly increasing marketing support and delivering impactful innovations in 2005 is expected to rekindle growth in our core business of carbonated soft drinks while at the same time better capitalizing on the growth opportunities presented by emerging categories. We are excited about new products coming in 2005 and beyond. Although essential, innovation leads to an ever-growing proliferation of products and packages, making the business more difficult to operate. We believe the process improvement initiatives we have undertaken to Eight-pack address these chalbottles are another packaging alternalenges will enable us tive CCBCC offers consumers. to effectively manage an expanding portfolio of soft drink offerings and provide a significant long-term strategic advantage in the marketplace. Our stated mission is to make, sell and deliver soft drinks better than anyone else. We have taken major steps toward achieving this mission in the manufacturing, or "make" component of our mission, as evidenced by improved operating efficiencies and lower inventory levels even with a dramatic expansion in the number of items we produce. Now, we are taking significant steps to redesign and streamline our selling and delivery functions. Fundamentally, our charge is to design and implement processes that lower costs, while increasing quality and service, as complexity increases. By moving to a pre-sell system for sales order generation, we have been able to significantly increase sales and delivery productivity and now have roughly 90 percent of our volume sold through a predictive order system. We have also continued the consolidation of distribution facilities and have reduced our branch network by 25 percent over the last three years. By reducing the number of facilities in which we hold inventory, we are better positioned to handle the ever-increasing number of new products and packages we offer. This undertaking has required a considerable effort from our workforce. It is a tribute to Coca-Cola Consolidated's dedicated employees that we have been

4

able to make these necessary changes without significant disruption to our day-to-day business. Quite simply, our employees are our most important asset, and there is no finer organization of people than that of Coca-Cola Consolidated. Ours is a fast-paced business that continues to experience considerable change. We have met these challenges and have much to show for our efforts. Over the past five years, we have reduced our debt, materially improved our labor and asset productivity, increased our ownership in Piedmont from 50 percent to 77 percent and delivered a total annual return to shareholders which significantly exceeds the return of the S&P 500. We have accomplished much but have more to do.

The business environment in 2005 will again be challenging, but we see opportunities in those challenges. We believe we are focused on the right priorities as evidenced by our progress over the past several years. The beverage business -- the Coca-Cola business -- is a great business with solid growth potential. We are excited by the renewed leadership being provided by The Coca-Cola Company. Together we are meeting challenges head-on and making the changes necessary to meet the needs of our customers and our consumers and win in the marketplace.

J. Frank Harrison, III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

William B. Elmore President and Chief Operating Officer

Make. Sell. Deliver.

5

