We are pleased to report that 2001 was a
good year for Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
Consolidated. Despite significant
challenges and a very competitive
business environment, your Company produced
solid financial results, posted healthy volume
growth and gained momentum for the future.
In last year’s Annual Report, we stated that
our primary objectives for 2001 were to continue
improving the Company’s financial strength and
flexibility while growing the consumer franchise.
Managing the price/volume equation, continuing
to improve our productivity and reducing debt
were the critical elements of achieving this goal.
In 2001, your Company accomplished all this
and more.
The financial results of the Company have
improved, with net income for 2001 of $9.5
million or $1.08 per share, a significant improve-
ment from the prior year. Our financial results and
record free cash flow enabled us to reduce debt and
lease liabilities by $67 million. This free cash flow
enabled the Company to repay $18 million in debt
and purchase $49 million of equipment previously
leased. As a result, interest expense declined by
$9 million or 17 percent from 2000. Stronger
earnings, less debt and lower interest expense are
clear signs that the Company’s financial strength
and flexibility are continuing to improve.
A critical priority for any soft drink bottler
is managing the price/volume equation. In 2001,
we were able to grow physical case volume by
4 percent while realizing a modest improvement
in gross margin.
While we are very pleased by the Company’s
improved financial performance, we are greatly
encouraged by the tangible momentum and the
strong sense of winning that is evident throughout
our organization. Consolidated has an outstand-
ing employee team made up of hard-working,
dedicated and motivated individuals.
In 2001, Consolidated again was an innova-
tive leader in the soft drink industry, introducing
a number of exciting new packages and products.
Working in partnership with one of our key
suppliers and Coca-Cola North America, Con-
solidated was the first bottler to introduce the
Fridge Pack™, the most significant soft drink
packaging innovation since the recyclable plastic
contour bottle. Both retailers and consumers
instantly embraced the Fridge Pack — a
12-pack carton with a sleek, consumer-friendly
design — leading to double-digit growth in
multi-pack can sales.
Building on our system leadership in the
citrus category, Consolidated was also the first
bottler to introduce Mello Yello Cherry and
Mello Yello Melon, generating renewed energy
in a critical flavor category. We also rolled out
diet Coke with lemon, which contributed
to a very successful year for the total diet
Coke trademark.
We continued to focus on accelerating our
incredibly successful Dasani business by expand-
ing our packaging to include 12-ounce and
24-ounce bottles. Since introducing Dasani in
1999, we have experienced outstanding results in
this important growth segment of our business.
We have exciting plans to increase our package
offering on this brand, and we believe we will
continue to post strong results.
In 2002, we will continue to bring “new
news” to the marketplace through package and
product innovation. Revitalizing our convenience
store single drink business is critical to our
success. Already this year, we have introduced
more than two dozen new brand/package
combinations. Because of the rapid growth in
the flavor category — particularly in immediate
consumption locations — CCBCC introduced
Fanta flavors at the first of the year and the
results are exceeding our expectations. Very
shortly we will be leveraging our association
with NASCAR with single-drink activity
using 16-ounce cans featuring members of the
Coca-Cola Racing Family.
Just prior to the summer selling period, we
will roll out other exciting new packages, brands
and promotions to further energize our customers,
our consumers and our organization. All the
above-mentioned activities help keep Consoli-
dated on the offensive in the marketplace.
Our priorities for 2002 remain unchanged.
We are committed to volume growth but at
the same time recognize that we must realize
meaningful margin improvement. While our
noncarbonated beverage business is growing in
its importance, we are first and foremost a carbon-
ated soft drink company and will allocate our
resources accordingly. We continue to strive for
year-over-year improvements in productivity
through process improvement and infrastructure
rationalization.
The Company generated free cash flow of
$64 million in 2000 and $67 million in 2001.
We remain focused on generating free cash flow to
repay debt. This has enabled us to lower interest
expense while making material improvements in
financial health and flexibility.
We believe it is important to note that as a
Coca-Cola bottler, our relationships with The
Coca-Cola Company, major retail customers,
other bottlers and key suppliers are critically
important to our success. We feel very good
about these strategic partnerships.
Consolidated’s sales results improved with
each successive quarter of 2001. More impressive
is the fact that we posted our strongest sales
performance directly on the heels of major
changes in the sales organization in September.
Thanks to thorough planning and hard work,
we continued to build momentum in the face
of significant change.
We are also very proud of the fact that
Consolidated received the 2001 President’s Award
for Quality Excellence from The Coca-Cola
Company in recognition of the superior achieve-
ments in the marketplace and manufacturing.
The quality and freshness of our products have
never been higher. This is a significant accomplish-
ment, particularly given the increased number of
products and packages we are now carrying.
In 2002, your Company will mark its 100th
year of selling the world’s greatest soft drink. We
believe this is an outstanding business to be in
and are very optimistic about Coca-Cola
Consolidated’s long-term future.
J. Frank Harrison, III
Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer
William B. Elmore
President and
Chief Operating Officer