A

s we look back on 2008, many factors affected our Company and its performance, but none greater than the dramatic decline in the U.S. economy. However, we are not in unfamiliar territory. For more than a century, our Company has endured trials, faced adversity and emerged a stronger organization. The current environment presents unique challenges, but with great challenges come great opportunities. By exercising decisive leadership early in 2008, we were able to make profound and strategic decisions that directly affected how we finished the year. In 2008, our nation began to experience the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression, with unemployment rising, consumer confidence falling and financial institutions in upheaval. As we enter 2009, this period of financial turmoil continues and has worsened. The beverage industry has not escaped this downturn, and in fact felt the impact of the volatile economy much earlier than most. We saw fuel prices and other key commodities, including corn, aluminum and PET resin, rapidly increase to record levels in the summer of 2008 before subsiding in late fall. When combined with the continued decline in consumer demand for sparkling beverages, 2008 marked one of the most challenging years in our Company's long history. Fortunately, we reacted to these business pressures early in the downturn. After posting very weak first quarter results, we made fundamental changes in our business operations. We reviewed and redesigned all aspects of our Company's business model ­ sales and gross margin growth strategies, expense and overhead infrastructure rationalization and capital structure ­ and formed a multidimensional work stream to capture opportunities arising from the challenging environment. We have dealt with adversity before, and those experiences have strengthened us both operationally and culturally. In 2008, we restructured the Company into a leaner, more efficient operation while maintaining our high standards for product quality and customer service. We took steps to right-size the workforce to reflect the realities we face, and as we move into 2009, we are operating with 500 fewer positions than we started with in 2008. Right-sizing the business, along with thoughtful examination of all capital and operating expenses, allowed us

to weather the severe economic downturn of the third and fourth quarters. We produced a much improved second-half result that has positioned us well as we pursue new packaging and product opportunities in 2009 and beyond. For 2008, Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated reported a net income of $9.1 million, or basic net income per share of $0.99, compared to net income of $19.9 million, or basic net income per share of $2.18, in 2007. The 2008 results included three unusual items totaling $20.6 million ($10.7 million after-tax, or net loss per share of $1.17) that reduced our financial results, but also helped reduce our financial risk and positioned us to have a leaner, more efficient overhead structure. First, the 2008 results included a $14.0 million pre-tax charge ($7.3 million after-tax, or basic net loss per share of $0.80) to freeze the Company's liability to the Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund, a multi-employer pension fund, and to settle a strike by employees covered by this pension fund. The 2008 results also included a $4.6 million pre-tax charge ($2.4 million after-tax, or basic net loss per share of $0.26) for the actions taken under a restructuring plan. In addition, the 2008 results included a $2.0 million markto-market pre-tax loss ($1.0 million after-tax, or basic net loss per share of $0.11) on our 2009 fuel hedging program. Without the pension, strike settlement, restructuring and fuel hedging mark-to-market charges in 2008, our net income totaled $19.8 million, which equates to basic net income per share of $2.16. We were very focused on managing our capital during this turbulent year in the financial markets, while many companies found access to capital very difficult. As has been the case for several years, we continued our intense focus on debt reduction. At the end of fiscal 2008, our total net debt and capital lease obligations totaled $624 million, a reduction of $46 million from the end of fiscal 2007. During a year of such financial instability, we are proud of this accomplishment and believe it will help position us to take advantage of market opportunities that arise during this difficult economic time. In addition, we have reduced our total net debt and capital lease obligations over the past nine years by more than $400 million.

Our Business · 1Letter to Shareholders

·

1

2

·

Letter to Shareholders

The challenges we face create unique opportunities to differentiate our Company from our competition. Our fellow employees at Coca-Cola Consolidated have demonstrated the resilience, innovative spirit, determination and flexibility to deal with the issues facing our industry and the economy. We have long been an innovative company. Moves made in 2008 and plans for 2009 show our continued commitment to innovative leadership, not only in the Coca-Cola system, but in the total beverage industry. Some examples include new packaging configurations; value pricing and packaging in the convenience store channel; intelligent vending; new sales ordering tools; the Vertique manufacturing and order-fulfillment system; and a new approach to grassroots marketing. To address the long-term trend in declining sales of 20-ounce beverages in the convenience store channel, we sought to redefine value through packaging innovation. Our research showed that many consumers found the 20-ounce package too large, while others thought it was too small. In large-scale tests in 2008, we replaced the 20-ounce bottle with two package offerings ­ 16-ounce and 24-ounce bottles. At a suggested retail price of $0.99 for the 16-ounce package, we offered our consumers a lower price point for a package most thought was just the right size. It has been an unqualified success, and has revitalized the sparkling beverage category in our test markets. In fact, some consumers have begun to refer to the new 16-ounce, $0.99 package as "the new nickel," harkening back to the original value price for a bottle of Coca-Cola. We are extending this price and value strategy to the convenience store channel throughout our selling territories in 2009. We are also reviewing packaging and pricing strategies for the take-home business. Occasionally, our promoted prices in grocery stores are too low, and our non-promoted prices are too high. This only serves to confuse our consumers and devalue our brands. We have implemented a more balanced approach, providing better everyday value to the consumer and less

aggressive ad-feature pricing. This makes our products consistently more attractive to consumers, while improving our margins and those of our retail customers. To help facilitate this new strategy, we are offering different packaging configurations to promote certain brands. These will include 15-pack or 18-pack can configurations, as well as a new half-liter bottle multipack option. This allows us to promote certain brands with these packaging alternatives, while pricing other brands in the traditional 12-can FridgePackTM at an everyday low price. A few years ago, we addressed the continued proliferation of SKUs (stock keeping units or product and package combinations) by developing the CooLiftTM delivery system. This system has added efficiencies in the delivery system, but the complexity of more than 500 SKUs created increased manufacturing and orderbuilding problems. In 2008, we installed Vertique, an automated manufacturing and order-fulfillment system, at our production center in Charlotte, N.C. This highly sophisticated system is the first ever used in the nonalcoholic beverage industry and, when coupled with CooLiftTM, represents a groundbreaking manufacturing and order-fulfillment solution for direct store delivery. In addition to providing leadership in sales and packaging innovation, we are working with our partners at The Coca-Cola Company to revitalize the special relationship our consumers have with our brands. We have launched a grassroots marketing initiative that aims to make all our brands, especially sparkling beverages, relevant for a variety of refreshment occasions. Working in partnership with a number of retail customers and community organizations, we are leveraging the power of the Coca-Cola brand and building on The Coca-Cola Company's Live Positively platform to engage consumers, community leaders and retail customers. We are highlighting these initiatives through eye-catching graphics on billboards and delivery-truck wraps that reinforce our messages. For example, in Charlotte we are partnering with local governments and grocery retailer Harris Teeter to promote recycling through Coca-Cola Recycle and Win, a new program that highlights our environmental

Our Business · 3Letter to Shareholders

·

3

stewardship while engaging our consumers in personal and meaningful ways. Additionally, we are working with numerous organizations, including the Charlotte-Mecklenburg School System, the Junior League of Charlotte, the YMCA of Greater Charlotte, Mecklenburg County Park & Recreation, Police Athletic League and others, to speak directly to our consumers through unique programs and initiatives. We believe it is critical to reignite the personal connection between our brands and our consumers and communities. Another component of the grassroots marketing initiative is a comprehensive education effort ­ the College of Beverage Knowledge. This initiative gives our own employees the tools they need to be effective ambassadors for our brands and our Company. We have the greatest brands in the world, and we believe it is paramount that members of the Coca-Cola Consolidated employee family are fully aware of the quality, integrity and safety of all the products we sell. Our subsidiary companies continued to evolve in 2008, adjusting to changing business conditions and the economy. BYB Brands is focusing on building distribution and marketing opportunities for all of its products. One brand, Tum-E Yummies, had particular success in 2008, expanding availability across much of the country and is being sold by numerous distributors. The 90-calorie, Vitamin-C-enhanced kids' drink is already the market leader in its category in our franchise selling territories. Our intent is to continue aggressively expanding availability of Tum-E Yummies and move it from a regional to a national brand.

Swift Water Logistics has formed a partnership with Magline, the industry leader in route distribution solutions, to commercialize a second-generation CooLiftTM with the opportunity to provide consulting services to Magline's national client base. Data Ventures continues to provide its unique analytics model to an expanding customer base in the U.S. and abroad. Additionally, we have formed the new subsidiary Red Classic Brokerage, which is brokering freight across the Southeast. It not only generates savings in our transportation and fuel costs, but also leverages one of our core competencies with a number of third-party customers. The prospects for Red Classic Brokerage are very promising. In closing, it is critical during challenging times that companies be good stewards of their resources. This means investing wisely and prudently and living within their means. We believe we have positioned our Company to not only weather the current economic turmoil, but also to take advantage of many developing opportunities to better connect the great Coca-Cola brands with our consumers and differentiate us from our competitors. We appreciate our team of Coca-Cola Consolidated associates who show passion and determination every day. We are grateful for your support as we work through the tough times and look forward to continuing as trusted stewards of the Coca-Cola name.

J. Frank Harrison, III
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

William B. Elmore
President and Chief Operating Officer

Our new truck wrap reinforces our partnership with the school system.

