3
 dEAR shAREOWnERs
We’re living through historic times. It’s also a time of momentous change, uncertainty and doubt. And it’s a time when the need for building trust has never been greater.
In fiscal year 2008, the 20,000 people of Rockwell Collins con- tinued to build trust through countless acts of responsiveness, innovation, and delivering on commitments. the result was another year of outstanding financial performance. Revenue increased 8% to $4.77 billion and earnings per share improved 21% to $4.16 — our fourth consecutive year of EPs growth in excess of 20%.
Once again, the balance between our commercial and gov- ernment businesses served us very well. Commercial systems sales grew 10% and their operating margins increased 110 basis points to 23.3%. Government systems sales grew 6% and operating margins improved to 20.5%, up 70 basis points over the previous year — an outstanding performance for any government business.
unfortunately — as pleased as I am about our company’s financial and strategic performance in fiscal year 2008 — I am very disappointed that macro-economic factors impacting markets worldwide have resulted in a loss of shareowner value.
As daily headlines in the united states portrayed a deepen- ing financial crisis, and as economic weakness — and even panic — in America spread around the world, we all witnessed a global meltdown in equity markets.
As a result, there was a great discontinuity between Rockwell Collins’ operating performance — which was excellent in our view — and the equity markets, which performed poorly.
I deeply regret the fact that our shareowners were negatively impacted by these events in the short-term. however, I believe that today’s equity markets discount the value of Rockwell Collins in the long-term — and that this company is well- positioned to succeed in these uncertain times. here’s why:
STrenGTH OF OUr CUSTOMer relaTiOnSHipS
first, our relationships with customers have never been better — across the board. those relationships are strong because our people have done an outstanding job of meeting their commitments.
the proof can be found in our program performance, where we have a solid track record for delivering on time and on
budget — with increasing levels of customer satisfaction. Our disciplined approach to continuous process improvement contributes significantly to this success.
We’ve also continued to invest in technologies that allow our customers to be more proficient and more cost-effective in serving their end customers. for fiscal year 2008, we invested 19% of sales, almost $900 million, on research and develop- ment activities.
All of these attributes combined — our ability to meet com- mitments, our investments in technology, and the personal relationships that our people have established with custom- ers — have built a solid foundation to back up our brand promise: “Building trust every day.”
Our people understand what it takes to build trust. they understand it means delivering what we promise. they under- stand it means being responsive. they understand it means listening to what our customers are asking us to do and creating solutions to meet their needs.
inCreaSeD MarKeT SHare
the second reason I’m confident that Rockwell Collins is well- positioned for the future is the amount of market share we’ve won over the last several years that will benefit this company for many years to come.
In our Commercial systems business we have outstand-
ing positions on two platforms that represent the future of the air transport market — the Boeing 787 and the Airbus A350 xWB. the 787 represents the largest ship-set content we’ve ever had on a commercial airplane, and the A350 xWB more than doubles the amount of content we’ve ever had on an Airbus airplane. for the next 15 to 20 years, this com- pany will enjoy the benefits of those program wins as we deliver advanced avionics and communications systems to these aircraft.
In the regional jet market, we’ve made major progress in capturing the next generation of aircraft and establishing rela- tionships on a global scale. We’re delivering integrated avionics systems for China’s Advanced Regional Jet, the ARJ21, and we won positions this year for the mitsubishi Regional Jet and the Bombardier CSeries. In the business jet segment, we’ve won 21 of 22 competitions for new aircraft avionics since our spin-off in 2001, a testament to the advantages of our Pro Line 21 and Pro Line fusionTM open architecture avionics systems, and to our strong track record for meeting customer requirements.

 4
 We’re well-positioned to succeed in these uncertain times, as a result of strong customer relationships, increased market share, focus on operational excellence and continued investment in areas that will allow us to address future growth opportunities.
In Government systems, we’re also seeing great success. the Air force awarded us a contract to build a Common Range Integrated Instrumentation system (CRIIs) — another example of our plan to provide customer solutions involving a higher level of systems integration.
We’re well-positioned to provide the warfighter with net- worked communication solutions through a variety of programs including the Joint tactical Radio system (JtRs). the multi-function Information distribution system-JtRs (mIds-J), which is the solution for fighter aircraft, command and control centers and ships, will begin to deliver production units in 2009. this will be followed by the Ground mobile Radio (GmR) in 2010, and the handheld, manpack and small form fit (hms) radio solution in 2011.
In addition, our future Combat systems/Integrated Computing system solution, and our win on the low-cost displays program for military ground vehicles, position us
to provide the pivotal technology needed to bring network- centric operations, and with it greater situational awareness to the battlefield.
And we continue to be successful winning programs for our open systems architecture-based avionics. this year we cap- tured new international programs with wins on the German Ch-53G and the AgustaWestland AW149 helicopters.
SHapeD TO STaY COMpeTiTive
In addition to great customer relationships — and winning in the marketplace — the third reason we’re well-positioned for the future is that we’re shaping this company to stay competi- tive. Let me mention five areas that will be important to the future success of Rockwell Collins:
Continued focus on operational excellence initiatives
first, we’re continuing to focus on our Lean journey. Lean ElectronicsTM has been one of the greatest contributors to our success over the last ten years. Our customers demand that we deliver cost-effective solutions faster — and with greater efficiency — and this initiative has allowed us to answer those requirements by achieving improvements in quality, on-time delivery and other important performance measures.
through our Life Cycle value stream management initiative we’re able to make good business decisions across the entire spectrum of our products and services. And, our design and development Cycle time Reduction initiative puts the focus on more effective use of engineering resources so we can deliver
the cost-effective solutions our customers need to be success- ful, especially in this strained economic climate.
Additionally, our shared service business model enables us to deliver consistently improving financial results in varying mar- ket conditions through clear insight into our cost structure for manufacturing, engineering, human resources, information technology and finance. It’s a key factor in converting higher year-over-year revenues into even higher earnings growth.
Investing for the future
second, we’re continuing to invest in those areas that will allow us to address future growth opportunities. Our research and development expenditures in fiscal year 2009 are planned to be in the range of $925 million to $975 million — or about 19% of total company sales. this matches the high level of investment that has delivered the growth and market share gain mentioned previously.
In november 2008, we acquired sEOs, a leading provider of simulation displays and projector technology. the addition of their innovative solutions to our simulation and training offering will further enhance our ability to deliver extremely realistic training experiences across our served markets.
Another new market we’re targeting is Information manage- ment, enabling connectivity for commercial aircraft, and allowing net-centric operations across the military. Connec- tivity and the seamless delivery of information — whether to pilots, passengers or warfighters — will be a key requirement for the future.
We’re also investing in solutions for unmanned Aerial vehicles. Our acquisition of Athena technologies, Inc., in April 2008, pro- vides us the ability to put together our communication data links and navigation GPs with a robust flight control capability. And we’re investing in additional integrated solutions for this rapidly growing market area.
ultimately, we’re focused on developing high-quality solutions and meeting the future cost expectations of our customers.
expanding our global footprint
third, we’re becoming a more global company — with an expanded global reach.
many of the program wins of the past year were the result of increased focus on international opportunities, including our positions on the Airbus A350 xWB, the mitsubishi Regional Jet, the Embraer Legacy 450/500 and the AgustaWestland AW149.

 5
 sALEs
( in millions )
EARnInGs PER shARE
CAsh PROvIdEd By OPERAtInG ACtIvItIEs
( in millions )
REtuRn On InvEstEd CAPItAL*
                                      
              
              
                                 
       
Rockwell Collins, Inc. Peer Group
s&P 500
Closing market price of Rockwell Collins stock at fiscal year end
              
shareowner return PerforManCe**
fiscal years ended september 30
     
    
    
   
  
         
Cumulative total Returns
 shareowner Return Graph
                                           
         
2004
48.96% 33.82% 13.86%
$37.14
2005 2006
95.90% 124.77% 55.21% 88.10% 27.81% 41.61%
$48.32 $54.84
2007
202.32% 149.99% 64.90%
$73.04
2008
82.30% 74.01% 21.30%
$43.46
 *the Company calculates return on invested capital (ROIC) as net income excluding after-tax interest expense, divided by the average of invested capital at the beginning and end of the fiscal year. Invested capital is cal- culated as the sum of total shareowners’ equity (excluding defined benefit accounting adjustments impacting accumulated other comprehensive loss) and total debt, less cash and cash equivalents.
**the cumulative total return table and adjacent line graph compare the cumulative total shareowner return on the corporation’s Common stock against the cumulative total return of the s&P 500 — Aerospace and defense Index (Peer Group) and
the s&P 500 — Composite stock Index (s&P 500) for the five-year period ended October 3, 2008, in each case a fixed investment of $100 at the respective closing prices on september 30, 2003, and reinvestment of all cash dividends.
           
             
             
     
     
    
    
   
   
      
     
         
    
   
   
   

  6
 For 75 years, we’ve enjoyed a strong heritage and
an outstanding reputation in the marketplace. i am confident that rockwell Collins will emerge from this latest economic downturn as a stronger company.
Recognizing the significant increase in opportunities that lie beyond u.s. borders, we’ve enhanced our focus in Europe, the middle East, Africa and Asia to better respond to the needs of our customers. through our international organization, we have “boots on the ground” in all these areas to provide the direct contact our customers deserve.
Our intent is to not only better serve the growing international customer base we work with today, but also to design and develop our products utilizing a global and diverse group of talented people.
the most recent example of our expanding global footprint is the launch of an India design Center in hyderabad. this new center will allow our India-based engineers to work collab- oratively with our employees around the world, developing innovative solutions for our customers.
emphasis on systems integration
fourth, we’re becoming more capable and proficient in systems integration as we enhance our ability to bring complex and multifaceted solutions together to serve all of our customers.
Our wins on the Boeing 787 and the Airbus A350 xWB, and the military’s CRIIs program, enable us to showcase and, ultimately, strengthen our systems integration capabilities. Other customers expect us to step up to the next level of providing system solutions. We intend to be there when and how they need us.
Building on the considerable existing capability in areas of the company, we plan to broaden our reach into all markets by enhancing skill and infrastructure to serve all of our customers at this higher level.
Developing our people
finally, our future success depends on the ability to attract, retain, and develop talented and motivated people.
to make this goal a reality we continue to advance a com- prehensive strategy — our value Proposition for People.
to support this strategy, we’ve established a robust talent management process that involves everything we’re doing to acquire, evaluate, reward and develop people.
We’ve deployed an on-boarding program to ensure that the newest members of our team are welcomed and inspired to build their careers at Rockwell Collins. And all of our people have the opportunity to participate in a corporate-wide
mentoring program to enhance their personal and profes- sional growth.
We’ve created a Corporate university to help ensure current and future leaders of our company have the skills they need to be effective in an ever-changing global economy.
We’re focused on diversity and inclusion to appeal to people with different backgrounds and perspectives as they consider Rockwell Collins when making career decisions.
And we continue to empower employees with benefit
choices that provide the flexibility to meet the variety of needs at every stage of their lives.
the values we hold dear — teamwork, innovation, integrity, customer-focus and leadership — have helped us create a high-performance culture in which all of our stakeholders are appreciated and share our success.
SUMMarY
for 75 years, Rockwell Collins has enjoyed a strong heritage — and an outstanding reputation in the marketplace. While these are challenging times for our company and our indus- try, this is not the first time the leadership of Rockwell Collins has managed through difficult market conditions.
We will manage through this crisis just as we did at the
dawn of this millennium, when we had to face the sharpest downturn in the history of the commercial aerospace market. Just as we did then, I am confident that Rockwell Collins will once again emerge as a stronger company, bolstered by the inherent strengths I’ve outlined before: a balanced business model, a high level of integration, an efficient shared services infrastructure, a focus — and capability — to invest in innova- tion, and 20,000 people committed to building trust with our stakeholders, every day.
Clayton m. Jones
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 