Letter to Shareholders
  2
 ConocoPhillips had strong operating performance in 2009, and continued building on the strengths represented in our assets, capabilities and disci- plined approach to cost, capital and financial management.
Among 2009 performance highlights, earnings totaled $4.9 billion, we reduced controllable costs by 13 percent, and earned a 7 percent return on capital employed. Shareholders received a 6 percent increase in the quarterly dividend rate. We have increased the dividend every year since our inception in 2002 with the merger of Conoco and
Phillips. Production volumes in our Exploration and Production segment increased 4 percent, a substantial achievement for a company our size. We replaced 141 per- cent of production with proved reserve additions and made three potentially significant exploratory discoveries. We had the best safety performance in our history and improved our environmental stewardship.
These accomplishments occurred during one of the most challenging years in recent history for our industry. We faced weak energy demand, commodity price volatility, a global
John A. Carrig James J. Mulva
President and Chief Operating Officer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
“We continued investing in technology, managing costs, improving operational efficiencies, and exercising disciplined capital and financial management.”
economic recession and financial turbulence, regulatory uncertainty in the United States, and significant impediments to global resource access.
We addressed these challenges by following our consistent, long-term strategies. We continued investing capital to develop our estimated resource base of 50 billion barrels of oil equivalent – which represents a key competitive advan- tage. We continued investing in technology, managing costs, improving operational efficiencies, and exercising disciplined capital and financial management. Also, we continued increasing our exposure to high-potential exploratory prospects and acreage, and pursuing international business development opportunities that can potentially yield attrac- tive returns, as opposed to service fees.
In consideration of the economic recession’s financial and price-volatility impacts, late in 2009 we announced plans to divest approximately $10 billion in non-core assets, decrease annual capital spending and reduce debt. As a result, during the years ahead we expect ConocoPhillips to achieve:
n Higher capital efficiency, through a focused $11 billion capital program in 2010 that will fund only the best of the many opportunities in our portfolio, while deferring others without foregoing the opportunity to invest in them later. We expect to fund our investments from operating cash flow, and to capture greater value through ongoing efforts to further manage industry service and supply costs.
n Stronger financial performance, including higher returns on capital employed, a gradual reduction of our debt-to- capital ratio from today’s 31 percent to a target of 20 percent, and enhancement of balance sheet strength and flexibility.
n Portfolio optimization, through expected divestments of non-core assets that will create a more efficient asset base that can be effectively developed through our intended smaller capital program. We have identified a number of assets for possible sale and opened discussions with potential purchasers.
n Reserve replacement in future years, as we take action on the long-term development opportunities offered by our large resource base and build on the initial successes achieved by our refocused exploration program.
n Greater focus on upstream, which could ultimately comprise 80 to 85 percent of our portfolio, compared with approximately two-thirds today. Accordingly, during 2010 we plan to devote 85 to 90 percent of our capital to upstream, with the remainder allocated for downstream and corporate purposes. Our downstream sector will continue its focus on achieving operational excellence and efficient maintenance of its assets.
n Active exploration, characterized by participation in high-potential wildcat wells and the building of meaningful acreage positions in promising areas.
n Disciplined cost management, through well-developed internal efficiency efforts and procurement initiatives with providers of goods and services.
n Emphasis on shareholder returns, exemplified through improved financial performance, clearly delineated strate- gies and competitive shareholder distributions.
 3

         0
Initial 2005 2006 2007 2008
2009
ConocoPhillips S&P 500 Peer Group Index*
* BP, Chevron, ExxonMobil, Royal Dutch Shell, Total
Quarterly Dividend Rate*
(Cents per Share)
2007
Five-Year CumulativeTotal Stockholder Returns
(Dollars; Comparison Assumes $100 Was Invested on Dec. 31, 2004)
 41
250
200
150
100
50
0
Initial
     2008 47
2009     50
* Fourth Quarter
          ConocoPhillips
S&P 500
Peer Group Index*
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009
   If market conditions improve or sale proceeds exceed expectations, we expect to consider a balanced approach that could include limited expansion of our capital program, additional debt reduction and share repurchases. These measures would not change our expectation of continued annual dividend increases.
“During 2009, we took steps to continue ensuring our ability to attract, retain and develop outstanding personnel and provide them challenging opportunities with positive work environments.”
We sincerely appreciate the successes achieved by our 30,000 employees worldwide despite the difficult economic environment. During 2009, we took steps to continue ensuring our ability to attract, retain and develop outstanding personnel and provide them with challenging opportunities and positive work environments.
Additionally, ConocoPhillips fulfilled our corporate citizenship commitments through such steps as publishing the third edition of our Sustainable Development Report, making meaningful charitable contributions, primarily in the
communities where our employees live and work, and encouraging the personal generosity and community
* BP, Chevron, ExxonMobil, Royal Dutch Shell, Total
 4
2007 41
involvement of employees and their families.
2008 47
2009 50
Looking beyond the current economic situation, we expect future world energy demand to increase, driven by popula-
* Fourth Quarter
tion growth and rising prosperity in developing nations. Indeed, energy is fundamental to human progress and quality of life. For these reasons, we believe that the long-term outlook remains favorable for our industry.
ConocoPhillips has persevered through the deepest economic recession since World War II by consistently applying our strategic principles, while making timely adaptations to the market. Through the strengths conveyed by our assets, capabilities and disciplined approach,
we look forward to the coming years with determination and confidence.
James J. Mulva
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John A. Carrig
President and Chief Operating Officer
  