 Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2013 was another dynamic year for the energy industry and for ConocoPhillips, and I am pleased to report that our first full year as an independent E&P company was very successful.
At the time of our separation from the downstream business in April 2012, we established several milestones to position our company for future success. These milestones included: high-grading our portfolio by divesting non-core assets; advancing our major projects toward first production; progressing development drilling programs in our unconventional assets; demonstrating exploration success; and maintaining a compelling dividend. We had to execute these activities while maintaining our financial strength and continuing to build a new company culture.
These were ambitious undertakings, but we believed we had the vision, asset portfolio, technical capability, financial strength, workforce and reputation to achieve them. And, on the whole, we did what we said we would do.
We made visible progress on all of these milestones during 2013 and the market recognized our performance. We achieved a total shareholder return of 27 percent, ranking in the top quartile compared to our peers for the second year in a row. This performance would not have been possible without the commitment and dedication of our workforce and the support of our shareholders. They have been integral to building our credibility as the
“Our strategic objective is
to deliver a combination of growth and returns with
a competitive dividend – and we are well
on our way.”
Ryan M. Lance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
1

 world’s largest independent E&P company, based on production and proved reserves, and for positioning us to deliver our unique set of long-term performance commitments. Our strategic objective is to deliver a combination of growth and returns with a competitive dividend – and we are well on our way.
Summary information about our 2013 financial and operating highlights is available on page 8 of this report, but let me review some of the year’s notable achievements:
Reported $9.2 billion in earnings for 2013, or $7.38 per share. Excluding special items, full-year adjusted earnings were $7.1 billion, or $5.70 per share. Our adjusted earnings improved 5 percent year over year, reflecting a greater proportion of volumes in areas
with higher margins.
Completed non-core asset dispositions that generated $10.2 billion in proceeds. Since 2012, we have received $12.4 billion in proceeds from asset sales, enhancing our financial flexibility and our ability to fund
investments in organic growth programs.
Continued successful development drilling programs in our unconventional plays, with a combined production growth rate from the Eagle Ford and Bakken of 60 percent year
over year.
Started production at major projects in the Canadian oil sands and the North Sea. These projects were large in scope and scale and their startup was the culmination of
years of planning and execution.
Advanced our exploration program, including three successes in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico at Coronado, Shenandoah and Gila. We will continue appraising these discoveries and expect to expand our
worldwide exploration program in 2014.
Achieved a 179 percent organic reserve replacement ratio and grew reserves 3 percent to 8.9 BBOE. Organic additions were achieved primarily from Lower 48 unconventional plays, as well as major projects in the Canadian oil sands and Asia Pacific. This performance reflects the ongoing success of our diversified portfolio and affirms our commitment to organic growth.
Produced 1,502 MBOED from continuing operations, meeting our production target despite five months of curtailed production from Libya. In 2014, we expect to deliver 3 to 5 percent production growth from continuing operations, excluding Libya.
vision
Christina Lake Phase E in the Canadian oil sands (top) and Ekofisk South in the Norwegian North Sea (bottom – as part of Greater Ekofisk Area); two of the 2013 major project startups.
ConocoPhillips 2013 Annual Report
Increased our dividend by 4.5 percent. One of our core value propositions is offering a compelling dividend to shareholders and we remain committed to increases over time.

  Ended the year with $6.5 billion of cash and short-term investments and total debt of $21.7 billion. This represents a debt-to-capital ratio of 29 percent, in line with our long-term goals. Importantly, this enables us to continue funding our growth programs while providing a strong dividend to our shareholders.
Our Vision is Unchanged
Five-Year Cumulative Total Shareholder Returns
($; Comparison assumes $100 was invested on Dec. 31, 2008 and that all dividends were reinvested)
    $250
$200
$150
ConocoPhillips
2011 2012
S&P 500 Index
Peer Group*
  We intend to be the independent E&P company of
choice by pioneering a new standard of excellence
and offering investors both growth and returns
from our diversified portfolio. While our vision
remains unchanged, the macroeconomic world
around us is ever-changing. Our 2013 business
results were achieved against a backdrop of forces
that directly impacted the global energy outlook.
Notably, we saw the continuation of a gradual
global economic recovery, changing supply
and demand fundamentals, and global geopolitical events that affected the industry. Meanwhile, North American energy security has improved given the surging production from unconventional shale and the oil sands. Although these issues will help shape our industry and frame energy debates for years to come, ConocoPhillips is committed to delivering on a strategic path that will enable us to not merely weather these uncertainties, but prosper.
Our company strategy, at the core, is based on a diversified approach to the business – one that does not rely or depend on any particular product type, geology or geography. Our diversified portfolio has helped us continue operating our long-term business without the need to react to short-term market volatility. With a steady stream of production from legacy assets, conventional and unconventional opportunities in our development drilling programs, major project startups across the portfolio, and an extensive inventory of exploration prospects, we are well positioned to deliver organic growth. We believe this is the right formula for a company of our substantial size.
3
$100
$50
Initial
2009 2010
2013
*Anadarko, Apache, BG Group plc., BP, Chevron, Devon, ExxonMobil, Occidental, Royal Dutch Shell and Total.
    We remain committed to our five strategic priorities:
Maintain a relentless focus on safety and execution.
Offer a compelling dividend.
Deliver 3 to 5 percent compound annual production growth. Deliver 3 to 5 percent compound annual margin growth. Achieve ongoing improvements in financial returns.
Operations and Activities in
   179%
Organic Reserve Replacement Ratio
27
Countries
   
 4
maintenance of our legacy base assets, 45 percent to development drilling programs, 30 percent for major growth projects, and 15 percent for exploration and appraisal programs. We expect our 2014 capital to have roughly the same allocations.
Our Asset Portfolio is Strong
We are fortunate to have an enviable asset base that holds approximately 43 BBOE of resource potential and a significant drilling and project inventory. All business segments played key roles for the company in 2013 and are poised for another successful year in 2014.
Among the highlights of our operational results, in Alaska we progressed development of the CD5 project and successfully completed maintenance turnarounds at Prudhoe and Kuparuk. The positive fiscal changes resulting from passage of the More Alaska Production Act enabled us to introduce an additional rig at Kuparuk and begin planning new projects at Drill Site 2S and Greater Mooses Tooth. We have high hopes for the future in Alaska and are making progress on all fronts.
The Lower 48 and Latin America segment continued ramping up activity in the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian unconventional plays. Eagle Ford achieved a peak daily production rate of 141 MBOED, with more than 500 wells online at year-end. In 2014, we will continue to progress our development drilling programs in some of the best unconventional plays. We also had three exploration successes in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and will continue exploration and appraisal drilling in 2014.
In Canada, production began at Christina Lake Phase E, one of several phases in progress as part of the FCCL Partnership in the Canadian oil sands. Progress also continued at Surmont Phase 2, with startup expected in 2015. Over the next few years we expect to bring additional phases online at FCCL, while continuing active development drilling and exploration in conventional and unconventional plays in western Canada.
Europe saw production startups at two operated assets in the North Sea, Ekofisk South and Jasmine, with combined gross capacity of 210 MBOED. We also completed the company’s
Adjusted Earnings
$7.1B
Total Production
1,502
Thousand Barrels of Oil Equivalent from Continuing Operations
To achieve these goals we continue investing in projects and programs that deliver long-term production and margin growth. In 2013, we funded a $16.3 billion capital program for continuing operations and prepaid a $2.8 billion obligation to our 50 percent owned FCCL business venture. The 2013 budget allocated approximately 10 percent of this capital toward
assets
ConocoPhillips 2013 Annual Report
largest turnaround at the Greater Ekofisk Area on budget and ahead of schedule. With several additional projects expected to come online over the next two years at Britannia Long-term Compression and Eldfisk II, and exploration commencing in the Barents Sea in 2014, we are well positioned for growth in Europe.

 The Asia Pacific and Middle East segment showed continued progress on the APLNG Project, with first LNG expected in mid-2015. In Malaysia, our partner-operated project, Siakap North-Petai, is expected to come on stream in early 2014, and we expect first production from the Gumusut floating production system (FPS) and Kebabangan in the second and fourth quarters of 2014, respectively. Additionally, we achieved exploration success offshore Australia, with a gas discovery at Proteus-1 in the Browse Basin. We expect significant production increases in the coming years as our projects start up and ramp to full capacity.
In our Other International segment, we farmed into new exploration opportunities offshore Senegal. Onshore, production was curtailed in Libya for the second half of the year, negatively impacting volumes. Given the uncertainties surrounding Libya, we have removed it from our production outlook for 2014. Looking ahead, this segment will focus on exploration activity, with offshore exploration beginning this year in Angola and Senegal.
We have an exciting year planned in 2014 across our business. With our variety of development drilling opportunities, major project startups and exploration and appraisal programs, we have a lot to look forward to in the year ahead. Our company is now set for growth.
World’s Largest Independent
E&P
Based on Production and Proved Reserves
5
Development drilling programs continue to build momentum at the Eagle Ford play in the Lower 48 (left) and the Kuparuk Field in Alaska (right).

 Life Saving Rules
peo
Our People and Technology Make A Difference
Although we now have line of sight to sources of growth for the next several years, our people are focusing on ways to leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely and economically sustain that growth for years to come. Technical strength is part of our heritage, and we are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices where they matter most. In 2013, we tested the use of drone aircraft in Alaska as a means to provide remote monitoring capability. In Canada, we continued to pilot enhanced-SAGD methods that could increase production from the oil sands. And companywide we evaluated potential solutions to reduce freshwater consumption. Throughout the company, we leverage knowledge sharing to facilitate deployment of technological successes across all of our operations. Such innovations enable us to convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater efficiencies and reduce our environmental impact.
Collaboration in action in Aberdeen.
One of our key achievements in 2013 was continuing to build and develop our world-class workforce. Our growth plans and investment programs require access to trained, aligned and motivated employees. This is a top priority that is hampered by an industrywide “great crew change” as a large contingent of skilled workers reaches retirement age and a new generation emerges to take their place. We are tackling this challenge head on. Quite simply, we are committed to making ConocoPhillips a great place to work. We seek to understand the needs of our diverse workforce and continuously strive to be competitive in our practices, while offering an engaging culture. In 2013, we administered a companywide survey to determine employee engagement and look for ways we could improve. The response rate was more than 90 percent and overwhelmingly positive. We learned that employees believe in our SPIRIT Values, trust the company vision and have confidence in their opportunities for career fulfillment. Additionally, we renewed our dedication to health and wellness, and continue to focus on a culture that values safety, collaboration and transparency. As we look to the future, we are committed to building our talented workforce by enhancing their skills and capabilities to meet our technical and leadership needs. Our focus and
commitment to our people will never change.
Our Reputation Is Core
ConocoPhillips 2013 Annual Report
Even as we strive to make our mark as an independent E&P company, we hold ourselves accountable to our legacy SPIRIT Values, which define who we are as a company. We believe that the values of safety and responsibility
are critical to maintaining the integrity of the
company. While our total recordable incident rate improved 10 percent since 2012, we still have work to do in order to achieve our goal
18,400
Employees

 ple
of zero recordable incidents. To help attain this goal, we launched our 8 Life Saving Rules in 2013 as part of a focused effort to drive serious incidents out of the business. These rules apply companywide, not just to those in the field.
0.26
Combined Total Recordable Incident Rate*
Our commitment to safe and responsible operations encompasses
sustainable development, stakeholder relations and community
investment, as well as traditional health and safety. In addition to protecting the safety of our employees, we are focused on protecting the environment everywhere that we operate. Our sustainability efforts last year included updating our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water and human rights; revamping public reporting to be more informative, searchable and responsive to common questions; and launching an innovative learning module to promote awareness of sustainability issues. We pride ourselves on serving as responsible citizens in the communities where we operate and we contribute to those communities through charitable giving, employee volunteerism and civic leadership. Worldwide, our charitable giving programs are focused primarily on three areas – education, health and safety, and the environment. We also provide disaster relief assistance and support community-based social services, arts and civic operations.
Our success in 2013 was gratifying, but we are not resting. After nearly two years of repositioning our company, we expect to deliver 3 to 5 percent volume growth in 2014, consistent with our long-term goals. Growth should come from investments in our legacy assets, progress in our inventory-rich development drilling programs and the startup of several major projects. As importantly, the growth will come from products and geographies that, in aggregate, should contribute to margin growth over time. Meanwhile, we are also focusing on identifying, evaluating and accessing organic growth opportunities that can sustain our success for the long term.
The commitment of our employees to these priorities, the focus on safe and responsible operations, the dedication to operational excellence, and the continued support of our board of directors and shareholders contributed to best-in-class performance from our newly independent E&P company in 2013. These combined efforts put us at the threshold of an exciting growth phase as we enter 2014, and give me confidence in our ability to execute the next phase of our independent E&P story.
7
Ryan M. Lance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Feb. 25, 2014
* Safety incidents per 200,000 hours.
“We are at the threshold of an exciting growth phase as we enter 2014.”
reputation
