Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders: Last year in this letter I discussed the unique challenges confronting our industry. A dramatic downturn in oil and natural gas prices was gaining momentum, setting the stage for a tough market in 2015. We approached the year with a plan to maintain capital flexibility, exercise vigilance on costs, drive efficiencies in everything we do, and lower the cost of supply across our asset base. We were prepared to adjust our plans as market conditions changed. Our goal wasn't just to weather a difficult environment, but to position ConocoPhillips to succeed in an era of low prices and volatility. We believe this is the new energy paradigm--at least for the foreseeable future. In an industry where we can't control prices, it is essential that we focus on factors we can control, while managing short-, medium- and long-term interests. I'm pleased with the steps we took to adjust to the challenging market conditions in 2015. We quickly cut our capital expenditures by exercising flexibility and high-grading our activities across the business. We also acted quickly to capture deflation and implement sustainable changes to our operating costs. We set an aggressive target early in 2015 to reduce operating costs by $1 billion--a goal we far exceeded. And we took a hard look at our portfolio. We recognized that deepwater exploration and non-core North American natural gas assets weren't going to compete for funding in the future, so we took steps to reduce capital and divest or transition out of some areas of those businesses. I have no doubt that we took timely and prudent actions on the business factors we could control during 2015. I commend our employees for their efforts and commitment during a volatile year. Our 2015 Performance Our operational performance in 2015 reflected a strong focus on execution from our workforce. We delivered steady production from legacy assets, achieved seven major project startups and completed turnaround activity across the portfolio. We also continued pilot testing and development drilling in our North American unconventional programs. When it came to what we could control, we delivered. In contrast, our financial results clearly reflected the key factor we couldn't control--weak oil and natural gas prices. Financial results across the sector were sobering reminders of the challenges low commodity prices pose to profitability. Details on our 2015 financial results can be found on pages 4-5 of this report.

ConocoPhillips 2015 Annual Report

1

A summary of 2015 highlights includes:  Improved safety performance with a total recordable rate (TRR) of 0.20, our lowest since becoming an independent E&P company in 2012;  Exceeded our year-over-year production growth target with 5 percent growth from continuing operations, adjusted for Libya, downtime and dispositions;  Decreased capital spending by 41 percent and reduced operating costs by 14 percent compared with 2014;  Completed approximately $2 billion of non-core asset dispositions, primarily from North American natural gas and non-producing infrastructure assets; and  Delivered seven major project startups, including megaprojects at APLNG in Australia and Surmont 2 in Canada. These achievements came in conjunction with internal efforts to sustainably lower our cost structure and improve efficiency. We're focusing our technology efforts on measures to meaningfully reduce the cost of supply of our captured resource base. Through a company-wide initiative, Doing Business Better,

we're building a more competitive ConocoPhillips that can outperform through industry cycles. This work required some difficult decisions in 2015, including a 17 percent global workforce reduction and a consolidation in management positions to streamline decision making. This focus on sustainably lowering our cost structure and cost of supply is critical, but it won't come at the expense of remaining a safe, responsible employer, neighbor and partner. We demonstrate this through our commitment to sustainable development, stakeholder relations, charitable investments and employee volunteerism. We take great pride in being named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America for the ninth consecutive year, in recognition of our focus on sustainable development. The business environment is tough, but we understand our responsibilities on the ground can't come and go. We have a world-class workforce that, despite a very difficult year, has stepped up to industry's challenges. We had to make many dif ficult decisions, but our commitment to Accountability + Performance, which is rooted in our SPIRIT Values, remains central to our company.

Major Projects
In 2015, the company achieved startups at seven major projects, including two megaprojects at Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG) in Australia and Surmont 2 in Canada. These projects were the culmination of years of planning and execution across the company and are expected to provide decades of low-decline, low-cost-of-supply production.

2 2

ConocoPhillips 2015 Annual Report

Surmont 2

Our Path Forward The journey through the price downturn in 2015 was a test for everyone in this industry. Yet, with 2016 only a couple of months underway, we clearly face an even bigger test this year. Our initial 2016 operating plan was premised on oil and natural gas prices similar to those in 2015, but the market changed significantly in a short period of time, driven by two primary factors.

41%
Capital Reduction 2015 vs. 2014

14%
Operating Cost Reduction 2015 vs. 2014

"The market changed significantly in a short period of time."
The first was commodity prices. Oil prices fell much lower than we and industry expected, with January Brent prices averaging approximately 40 percent lower than average 2015 prices. A global oversupply and weak demand growth continue to contribute to low prices. We now see lower prices persisting throughout 2016, with 2017 as a more likely timeframe for the market to start rebalancing supply and demand. The second factor was an indication that access to credit and debt capacity would tighten significantly across the sector. Both of these factors represent "structural" changes in our assumptions about the outlook for 2016 that require a much more cautious stance in our plans. Accordingly, we recently took several difficult measures in service of maintaining our balance sheet strength as we navigate through this price cycle. We adjusted our 2016 operating plan, further reducing capital and operating cost guidance by a combined $2 billion. We also made the tough decision to reduce our quarterly dividend, beginning with our first-quarter 2016 payment. This decision was not made lightly. We were not willing to risk our balance sheet in hope of a near-term price recovery. Although difficult, the dividend decision achieves several important objectives for the short, medium and long term. It enables us to conserve cash and protect our balance sheet, while still providing a competitive dividend. We believe our recent actions were the right ones at the right time, but the business remains challenged. We're vigilantly

30%
TRR Improvement 2015 vs. 2014

Safety

monitoring the market, staying focused on maintaining our strong balance sheet and delivering on what we can control. We will continue managing our costs and preserving capital flexibility as we adjust to changing conditions and position for an eventual recovery. We don't know when a recovery will occur, but when it does, we believe ConocoPhillips will be in an advantaged position because of our high-quality portfolio and financial strength. All of us at ConocoPhillips remain committed to long-term value creation through an approach that returns capital to shareholders, maintains investment discipline and preserves a strong balance sheet. As we continue our journey as an independent E&P, I assure you that we will continue working hard every day to earn and keep your support.

Ryan M. Lance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Feb. 23, 2016

Use of non-GAAP financial information--This annual report includes non-GAAP financial measures that are included to help facilitate comparisons of company operating performance across periods and with peer companies. A reconciliation determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP is shown on page 8 and at www.conocophillips.com/nongaap.

ConocoPhillips 2015 Annual Report

3

