CORE-MARK ANNUAL REPORT 201 6

Net Sales ($ billions)
$1 5.0

Letter to our Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
For Core-Mark, 2016 was a year of tremendous growth and excellent progress on the key strategies that we believe will drive long-term, profitable growth and create shareholder value. We posted record results in revenue, which grew over 30%, and Adjusted EBITDA, which grew approximately 13%. We achieved these results due, in large part, to the absorption of two large new customers: Murphy U.S.A. and 7-Eleven, and the successful acquisition of Pine State Convenience. We also successfully implemented both a human resource system and a financial system. Our ability to execute on these many fronts reflects the strength of our people and our culture, as well as our commitment to serving our customers with excellence and integrity. I am proud of our results and excited about our future.

$1 4.0 $13.0 $12.0 $11.0 $10.0

$14.5

$11.1
2015 2016

Adjusted EBITDA* ($ millions)
$160.0

$150.0

$152.3

$140.0

The Industry We Serve
The convenience retail industry is one of the most vital industries in North America, representing over 30% of all retail locations in the country. Our industry is highly fragmented and competitive, but our approach to the market has proven over time that we have a competitive advantage, demonstrated by our significant long-term market share gains. Our advantage is our focus on providing value-added services to our customers that differentiate us in the marketplace, and help our customers outperform their competition. It is important to understand that single store owners continue to dominate our industry, comprising over 60% of the convenience stores in the country. This requires us to offer a very wide range of products and services to meet the needs of our diverse customer base. Our industry continues to grow, evolve and adapt to changes in consumer demands; we are constantly evaluating the products and services we offer our customers to align with those changes. This ensures that we are offering the right products to the right consumers at the right price. These dynamics help to drive both our strategy and our market opportunity.

$1 30.0

$135.2
2015 2016

$120.0

Diluted Earnings
$1.20 $1.15 $1.10 $1.05 $1.00 $.95

$1.17 $1.11

Long Term Vision
Our Company's mission statement is to be the market leader in the convenience industry. We have invested in systems, technology and people to ensure we deliver on our mission. Given the fragmented nature of our industry and our small market share, we believe that we should be able to grow our business long-term and we have invested in our company to prepare for that future growth. In 2016, we made investments in a number of areas of our business, while also focusing on the generation of strong financial results. We acquired Pine State Convenience, which we purchased for $88 million and will integrate onto our systems in the fourth quarter of 2017. We also invested in new systems, which we expect to create efficiencies and savings in our future. In addition, we invested in a new building for our Las Vegas division and continue to invest in our frozen and chill capacity to better service those fast growing and important categories. Finally, we continue to invest in leadership development to ensure we are prepared to become a larger organization servicing an evolving industry.
[continued on next page]

2015

2016

Cash Dividends ($ millions)
$16.0 $15.0

$15.5

$14.0

$13.0

$12.8
2015 2016

$12.0

*Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure, is equal to net income adding back net interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, LIFO expense, stock-based compensation expense and net foreign currency transaction gains or losses.

CORE-MARK ANNUAL REPORT 201 6

[continued]

Our Fresh and Vendor Consolidation Initiative (VCI) strategies had its best year ever in 2016 with aggregate incremental sales of $160 million. These two strategies are essential to growing our profits at a higher rate than our revenues while also contributing to our customers' profitable growth. VCI helps our customers take costs out of the very inefficient supply chain in our industry. Customers of all sizes increasingly recognize it is simply more logical and cost effective to have us provide more product on our trucks than to have multiple vendors making multiple deliveries to their stores. These strategies were also developed in anticipation of trends in "Fresh and Good For you" products which are now the fastest growing categories in the industry and reflect important changes in consumer preferences toward healthier eating. Collaborating with our customers to make sure they offer products that appeal to this growing consumer segment increases their relevance in a competitive retail marketplace while also improving their bottom lines. Our third strategy addresses the differential in net profits earned between our independent retailers and our chain customers. We discovered this discrepancy was due largely to a lack of marketing and category management expertise. Our Core Solutions Group developed category management and marketing expertise for these customers through our FMI surveys. These surveys help the independent store increase their profits by targeting what the consumer is demanding and selling those products at the right price. This initiative has been one of the most successful in the Company's history. Our last core strategy is one of geographic expansion, primarily through acquisitions. We have completed seven acquisitions and expanded into three new warehouses since 2006. We believe our approach to the market is resonating among the c-store industry and beyond, and it is our strategy to have a wider network of warehouses to service a broader market and expand our core strategies to more retailers. Overall, we believe we have significant opportunity to grow our business through delivering innovative new solutions, capturing additional market share and making opportunistic strategic acquisitions.

The Year Ahead
For 2017, we are expecting to return to more historical levels of growth with revenues growing between 5-7% and Adjusted EBITDA growing at 9-14%. Compared to the significant period of growth and investment in 2016, we see 2017 as a year of relative stability, where we focus on leveraging our operating costs, executing on the fundamentals and generating positive free cash flow. Of course, we also have exciting new opportunities, including our initial engagement with Walmart, where we are rolling out deliveries to over 500 of their stores in the spring. We will also continue to invest in our business in 2017 by expanding our frozen and chill capacity, growing our fleet to service additional volume and focusing on training the current and future leaders of the company. I view these investments as critical to our future success. Increasing shareholder value through excellent operational execution and smart capital allocation decisions is very important to us. While we invested in our business during 2016, we also spent nearly $9 million purchasing our shares and spent nearly $16 million on dividend payments. These decisions reflect our belief in the continued financial strength of our business and management's commitment to returning value to our shareholders. We plan to continue to invest in our business to prepare for the future and to ensure that our vision is realized and to continue to make smart capital allocation decisions. I am confident that our focus on our core strategies paired with our commitment to execution on the fundamentals will generate excellent results in 2017 and additional successes over the coming years. I thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support.

Thomas B. Perkins President and Chief Executive Officer

INTEGRITY

PIONEERING

FAMILY

COMMITTED

CUSTOMER CENTRIC

