Letter to our Shareholders ...

Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to report we made significant progress executing on our priorities this year. We began servicing over 4,000 Rite Aid stores, opened our new Ohio division and increased shareholder value. We are deeply committed to growing our market share while creating superior solutions for our customer's challenges.
Core-Mark's culture is supported by our Core Values - integrity in all things we do, a customer-centric focus, pioneering in all aspects of our business, committed in all we do and creating a family environment for all of our employees, vendors and customers. These are the core values that Core-Mark exhibits year after year including 2014.
We grew our revenues to $10.3 billion - a 5.2% increase in 2014. This is the highest level of revenues in the company's history. We also finished the year  with over  $122 million in Adjusted  EBITDA, marking  another year of record earnings. Our successes on the top line were driven in large part by the execution of our core strategies. This year we experienced solid sales growth across both cigarette and the higher-margin non­ cigarette categories of 4.5% and 6.8%, respectively. Gross profit increased by about 6.8%, while operating expenses increased by 8.0% which included some investment spending in our people and infrastructure.
Importantly, we increased our annual dividend for the third consecutive year, which reflects the continued financial strength of our business and management's commitment to returning value to our shareholders. We expect to continue to generate the cash flows to support our capital allocation priorities and capitalize on opportunities that we see in the future.
Our key objectives remain to grow market share, make our independent retailers more relevant and profitable and consistently increase our Adjusted EBITDA. At a high level, we execute on these objectives by continuing to focus on the fundamentals of our business. With that, I'd like to drill down into a few of the exciting operational highlights and milestones that  contributed  to  our growth  in 2014 and  leave us  well  positioned for success in 2015 and beyond.

Continued Focus on our Core Strategies
We had our best year with our Fresh and VCI strategies contributing incremental  sales of  $113 million. These two strategies continue to resonate with our retailers; VCI helps our retailers by streamlining their supply chain which eliminates unnecessary expenses. Fresh categories continue to grow and are assisting our customers in providing healthy and "good for you" products their customers are shopping for.

In 2014, we remained focused on providing the industry's most complete solutions to independent retailers providing them with the marketing solutions and product offerings to attract more consumers into their stores. The number of U.S. C-Stores controlled by owners of 10 or fewer locations continues to increase, now representing 67% of the national market. With these stores representing a significant percentage of our
C-Store customer base, we recognize the incredible opportunity to realize meaningful profits while working collaboratively to help our customers achieve their strategies and goals.
Our Core Strategies are at the heart  of  our efforts  with independent  store operators.  Since  we developed FMI about three and a half years ago, we have changed  the way  we part	i th these important customers. Today, FMI continues to be one of our most successful programs and, coupled  with our Core Data and Core CRM solutions, we are able to find creative solutions for even more customers.
Expanded  Partnerships  and Geographic Reach	 
This is an exciting and busy time for our organization. We have successfully develo eel and executed innovative solutions for our organization and expanded our capabilitjes to ser ice a w1t:fer spectrum of customers.

Continued on next page
 
... continued
 





$11.0
 
Net Sales
($ billions)
 

 

In 2014, we expanded our partnership with Rite Aid and are now servicing approximately 4,500 Rite Aid stores with frozen, fresh, refrigerated and bakery products today. It is clear that these stores represent a significant growth opportunity for our company. This partnership reflects the great work of the Core-Mark team to expand and strengthen our distribution capabilities and enhance our core strategies to better serve both our existing customers and attract new customers.
This year we also announced our strategic  geographical  expansion into Ohio with the opening of a new distribution center  in Glenwillow. We are already successfully servicing  about 1,400 stores  from this new distribution center, and we plan to transfer about 200 additional stores to Ohio by the end of 2015. In addition, we have won new business at this division and continue discussions with several other potential customers. With both significant market share opportunities and greater efficiencies to come from  our new  presence  in  this region, the future looks promising.

Lastly, we also announced a strategic partnership with U.S. Oil to support the opening of five natural gas stations in the U.S. that will supplement our two owned stations. These new GAIN stations reinforce our commitment to environmentally friendly and more cost  effective fuel that began with the initial conversion  of  some  of  our  own  fleet to natural gas last year. We expect 30% of our fleet wilI be  converted to CNG by the middle of 2015, which we expect to decrease our transportation expenses.

The Year Ahead
In 2015, we hope to realize another consecutive year of record revenues and Adjusted EBITDA. We expect to grow our revenues between 4% and 7% and Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $125 to $129 million as we remain focused on growing our market share, executing on our Core Strategies and growing our profits.
It was a pleasure to see many of you at our first ever investor day in December of 2014. We have high hopes for the future as we continue to build on our successes and momentum in 2015. Thank you for your continued support and confidence in our company.


Thomas B. Perkins
President and Chief Exec ut ive Officer
 
$10.5

$10.0

$9.5

$9.0

$8.5




Adjusted EBITDA
($  millions)
$130.0


$120.0


$110.0


$100.0


$90.0




Diluted Earnings
Per Common Share Excludin g LIFO Expe nse
$2.50


$2.25


$2.00


$1.75


$1.50




Cash Divid ends*
Per Common Share
$0.50


$0.40


$0.30


$0.20


$0.10




•	In lieu of the  first quarter 2073 di vidend , the Board of Directors
declared an accelerated  cash  dividend of $2.2 m illion , or $0.79 per common share on December 20,  2012,  which was paid on December 37, 20 72 .
