Dear Costco Shareholder:
Our Ñscal year 2000 established several milestones:
‚ Sales exceeding $31.6 billion, reÖecting a 17% increase over Ñscal 1999, and our Ñrst time to top the $30 billion mark;
‚ Comparable sales increases of 11% for warehouses open for more than one year;
‚ Average sales of $101 million per warehouse;
‚ Net income of $631 million, compared to operating income of $545 million in 1999 (before unusual accounting charges in 1999 described on page 10), a 16% increase; and
‚ 32.8 million Costco cardholders worldwide.
Each of these Ñve accomplishments not only set new records for our Company, but each exceeded our own internal goals and budgets for the year. We are particularly pleased that we were able to achieve these results while expending considerable resources and costs to prepare our Company for an accelerated expansion program in Ñscal year 2001 and beyond. Our entry into new markets such as Texas, the Midwest states and new Southeast states has required the start-up of three new regional oÇces and three new distribution depots. Additional resources and costs have been dedicated to the expansion and improvement of our eCommerce website (www.costco.com); to the marketing eÅorts of our Executive Membership Program; and to the ongoing activities related to the rollout of the Costco/American Express co-branded credit/membership cards.
During Ñscal year 2000, we opened 21 new warehouses, compared to 14 in Ñscal year 1999; and we also replaced four warehouses with new updated facilities in Ñscal year 2000, compared to seven warehouses replaced the prior year. New markets opened last year included Memphis, Tennessee; Cincinnati, Ohio; Ft. Meyers and Naples, Florida; Aber- deen, Scotland; Haydock, England; and Xalapa, Mexico. In Ñscal 2001, our plans call for 36 to 40 new warehouses (18 of which have already opened as of this date) and eight replacement warehouses (four of which have already opened). New markets this year will include Dallas/Ft. Worth, Houston and Austin, Texas; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Kansas City, Missouri; Durham and Charlotte, North Carolina; Huntsville and Birmingham, Alabama; Charleston, South Carolina; Puebla and San Luis Potosi, Mexico; and Makuhari, Japan (near Tokyo).
We expect to continue opening new warehouses at a rate of 35 to 40 annually for at least three years beyond the current Ñscal year 2001, because our business is healthy, and because we believe Costco presently has a signiÑcant competitive advantage on which we must capitalize.
The health of our business can be measured not only by the record sales and proÑts, but also by the record number of new members and membership renewal rates that remain at the highest level in our history; the cleanest inventory levels and best inventory turn rates ever at Costco; continued strong expense control at every level of the Company, as well as strong
2
December 14, 2000

Ñnancial and procedural controls that allow us to achieve the lowest inventory shrinkage numbers of any major retailer in the world. All of this is in addition to an extraordinarily solid and strong balance sheet.
These are all objective measures that can be tabulated. Just as important to the health of Costco's business are the more subjective measures. The reputation for merchandising excellence and quality that are a hallmark of Costco's operations; the recent American Customer Satisfaction Index survey conducted by the University of Michigan Business School this past November showing that Costco had the highest customer satisfaction rating of any traditional national retailer in the U.S.; the merchandising, safety and cleanliness standards which are the best in our industry; the quality of employees at every level of our business, which is clearly the best in our industry; and Ñnally the quality and long-term cohesiveness of our entire management team... from our buyers and warehouse managers to our senior managers.
We understand that strong performance and consumer conÑdence in the past are not annuities for future success. We consider Costco to be the architects of current warehouse retailing, and we are Öattered that our competition is continually imitating our merchandis- ing concepts and standards; but we fully recognize the requirement to improve, test new methods and innovate in every aspect of Costco's business. We hope you will be able to attend our Annual Meeting in January so we can explain more completely our latest merchandising and operational initiatives.
In summary, we believe Costco made strong progress in many areas in Ñscal 2000 Ì achieving record sales and earnings, strengthening our balance sheet and positioning our Company for long-term growth and proÑtability and increased shareholder value. We appreciate the dedicated eÅorts of our fellow employees Ì now numbering well over 80,000 worldwide Ì for their contributions to the success of Costco. And, as always, we want to thank you, our loyal shareholders, for your continuing support. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on January 25th in Bellevue, Washington. Best wishes for a happy and healthy Holiday Season and New Year.
Cordially,
JeÅ Brotman Jim Sinegal Chairman of the Board President & CEO
  3
