                Chairman’s Message
During fiscal 2011, management and the Board undertook an important process to forge a new path for our company while retaining its outstanding culture and strong traditions. Following a comprehensive review of Campbell’s recent business performance and global trends in the food industry, we agreed on a new strategic framework and core strategic imperatives to build long-term shareowner value. The new strategy calls upon us to drive profitable growth through a carefully calibrated program of global expansion and a sharpened focus on innovation to meet the needs of today’s consumers and expand
Campbell’s iconic brands and product offerings across our core categories of Simple Meals, Healthy Beverages and Baked Snacks. It is described in greater detail elsewhere in this report.
In June, the Board elected Denise Morrison as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective August 1, 2011. Denise is an exceptional leader with a comprehensive knowledge of Campbell’s business and the food industry, and keen insights into the opportunities for driving profitable growth across Campbell’s portfolio. We are confident that the company will flourish under her direction. The Board again thanks Doug Conant for a decade of superb leadership and for his assistance with a smooth and successful leadership transition.
We are very pleased to have Denise at the helm, and look forward to the next exciting chapter at Campbell Soup Company.
After 15 years of distinguished service, including five years as Chairman, Harvey Golub will retire from the Board of Directors on November 17. Throughout his tenure, Harvey provided outstanding thought leadership and counsel to management and the Board. We are deeply grateful to him for his invaluable contributions. All other incumbent directors are standing for reelection at the Annual Meeting in November. The Board has nominated Tracey T. Travis, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Ralph Lauren Corporation, to succeed Harvey. We believe that Tracey’s business experience and financial expertise will be important assets to our company.
Paul R. Charron
Chairman of the Board
  14 Campbell Soup Company
