EVOLVE CREATE VALUE
Denise M. Morrison President and Chief Executive Officer

EMBRACE CHANGE

CHART A NEW COURSE

Fellow Shareowners, I am honored to begin my tenure as the twelfth Chief Executive Officer of Campbell Soup Company. In fiscal 2012, we are charting a new course for Campbell. Building on our distinguished history, we are pursuing new paths and new strategies to create a promising future. In fiscal 2011, Campbell's new leadership team conducted a comprehensive strategic review of our business. We took a careful look at the competitive environment and the needs and preferences of today's consumers. We examined closely the forces that are driving growth in the global food industry and considered how our industry is likely to evolve in the next decade. We evaluated our opportunities with a fresh perspective, focusing on the choices that hold the greatest promise. Based on this important work, we have developed an exciting new strategic vision for our company.

The Foundation
Our overarching long-term goal is to deliver total shareowner returns that exceed the industry average  on a sustainable basis. We know that the most important driver of above-average returns in the food industry is top-line growth. We also know that the key determinant of top-line performance is participation in high-growth spaces -- in categories, consumer segments and geographies with strong growth momentum. This is good news for Campbell from a category perspective  as we are in very good businesses. In the United States and around the world, the three core categories in which we participate -- Simple Meals, Baked Snacks and Healthy Beverages -- are large and growing, and have strong prospects for continued growth. We are well positioned to seize the valuable opportunities that lie before us, but we have work to  do to pursue them successfully. Fiscal 2011 was an extremely challenging year for the economy and for Campbell. Sales increased 1 percent  to $7.7 billion and adjusted net earnings per share rose 3 percent to $2.54.* Despite these challenges, there were notable bright spots in our performance. In our Global Baking and Snacking segment, which includes the Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's businesses, sales and operating earnings grew as we launched exciting new products and maintained the growth of core brands such as Goldfish, Shapes and Tim Tam. Our North America Foodservice segment also delivered sales and operating earnings gains. The company's fundamentals remained strong. We increased our cash flow from operations, announced a $1 billion share repurchase program and maintained a strong balance sheet. But fiscal 2011 performance in our core Soup  and Simple Meals business in North America was disappointing. Increased promotional spending in the first half of the year did not deliver expected volume lifts in U.S. Soup, and our U.S. Simple Meals segment saw sales, profit and share declines across our soup and sauce brands. These declines were not solely the result of the downturn in the economy. Today, consumer tastes and expectations are more diverse and variable than ever before. It is clear to us that in our Soup  and Simple Meals business, we must respond more effectively to demographic changes and generational shifts in food preferences.

As we focus forward, we will have...
A More Innovative Company -- We will be critically focused on consumer-driven innovation in products and packaging as the primary driver of organic growth. A More Balanced Company -- We will drive our company's growth by providing a wide array of delicious, nutritious and convenient products across a growing global consumer base. A More Responsive Company -- We will be far better positioned for engagement with new and growing consumer groups.

*  This amount is adjusted for certain  transactions not considered to be part of the ongoing business. For a reconciliation of nonGAAP financial measures, see page 15.



Campbell Soup Company

1

Growing Globally   Campbell must also respond  more effectively to the forces that are driving both the distribution of global economic growth and growth in the food industry. In the next 10 to 15 years, emerging markets will continue to transform the dynamics of the global economy, creating as many  as a billion new consumers who will fuel as much as 75 percent of the growth in the food industry. The food preferences and choices of these consumers increasingly are driven by nutrition, taste, value and convenience. Campbell has many products well  suited to meet their needs, and the capabilities to develop more. But to date, we have not seized the opportunities for our company in growing international markets. Our new strategic plan seeks to correct our course  in these critical respects.

A New Strategic Vision . . .
When you look at Campbell in a few years, you are  likely to see a company that is focused in the same  three core categories where we compete today. But  we will have significantly broader category platforms, and our investments will be centered in segments and adjacencies with high-growth profiles and strong prospects for sustainable growth. In North America, we will be better positioned  for engagement with our loyal Baby Boomers and with growing consumer groups such as Millennials and Hispanics, whose needs and preferences our products currently do not adequately address. Elsewhere in the world, we will have a broader footprint, and a greater percentage of our total  sales and earnings will come from markets outside the U.S. We will have expanded platforms and scale in our existing international markets, and we will have achieved a progressively increasing presence  in fast-growing emerging markets. From a strategic standpoint, we will be critically focused on consumer-driven innovation in products and packaging as the primary driver of organic growth. External development will be an integral component of our overall growth strategy, particularly in international markets. We believe 

Campbell's Slow Kettle Style soups in contemporary clear packaging were created by Campbell chefs to meet the changing tastes of consumers and be "better than homemade." These new soups offer the perfect combination of authentic ingredients and unique recipes in five different varieties.

2

Campbell Soup Company

Campbell's Slow Kettle Style soup in Tomato & Sweet Basil Bisque

Chicken with Grape Tomatoes & Mushrooms made with Swanson Flavor Boost concentrated chicken broth packets. This recipe and more can be found at www.campbellskitchen.com.

that these new strategic priorities will position our company well to deliver consistent above-average  returns to our shareowners over the long term, driven  by sustainable profitable top-line growth.

. . . And a New Strategic Plan
Today we are powered by three core business strategies and unwavering attention to the ways that people around the world want to shop, cook, eat and live. We plan to drive our company's growth by providing a wide array  of delicious, nutritious and convenient products across  a growing global consumer base.

Culinary Inspiration
Campbell's Senior Executive Chef Tom Griffiths is a master chef certified by the American Culinary Federation. Chef Tom and his team members, like Chef Amanda Zimlich, seek to satisfy consumer cravings for new and different flavors by developing products that have a "wow" factor, yet are popular with the mainstream. "Innovation is just as much about `how' we create as it is about `what' we create. Culinary innovation often requires us to embrace the classic, fundamental flavor combinations of foods, and find new, bold and exciting ways to showcase them," says Chef Amanda. New on the menu this year are Swanson Flavor Boost concentrated broth packets. They are the secret ingredient for delicious meals.

1

Stabilize and then profitably grow North America Soup and Simple Meals
First, we will stabilize and then profitably grow our  core Soup and Simple Meals business in North America. We will do so by rebalancing our marketing investments decisively toward the consumer to expand the equities  of our brands, and by taking a noticeably different  approach to innovation. While we will continue to invest  in innovation designed to maintain the vitality of existing product lines and to reinforce their appeal to our core consumers, we will devote significantly greater resources to disruptive innovation that will expand our product and packaging platforms to reach new consumers and new eating occasions. Our emphasis will be on choice. We know that many consumers take great interest in the impact of the foods they eat on their health and well-being. Yet the nutritional attributes of foods mean different things to different people. For many, weight loss and weight maintenance  are of primary importance. For others, dietary objectives center on vegetable nutrition, sodium reduction, energy and stamina, or digestive health. In the future, lower

Amanda Zimlich Senior Research  Chef, North America Foodservice Innovation

Tom Griffiths Senior Executive Chef & Director of Campbell's Culinary & Baking Institute



Campbell Soup Company

5

sodium levels in our products will be just one component of Campbell's wellness strategy. We will continue to offer  a wide range of lower-sodium products. We will also offer products that address a broad array of consumer tastes and lifestyles. In fiscal 2012, we will introduce 35 new products in North America, significantly more than in  each of the past three years. You'll see some of these new products throughout this report, including Campbell's Slow Kettle Style soups in indulgent flavors, Campbell's Select Harvest soups in regionally inspired varieties, and Swanson Flavor Boost concentrated broth packets for more sophisticated cooks.

2
We have partnered with Swire Pacific Limited in China, the world's largest soup market, to produce and sell soup and broth products, including a line of condensed soups. These convenient soups help ease and quicken meal preparation in Chinese households.

Expand our international presence
Second, we will expand our international presence.  We will broaden the range and availability of our  products in the international markets in which we currently do business. To grow our international Simple Meals business, we intend to strengthen our current Meal Maker platforms in European markets, appealing to a broader set of consumer demands within larger adjacent categories. We plan to drive category and share growth  in Australia, New Zealand and Canada. We also will enter new geographies, particularly developing markets. In fiscal 2011, Campbell entered into a joint venture  with Swire Pacific Limited, a company with long and successful experience in the People's Republic of China and capabilities that are complementary to our own. While our business in China is small and will take time  to develop, we see great potential for broadening our category platforms and building scale in China, the world's largest soup market. We plan to expand our product platforms in Latin America as well. It is a  growing market where we have an established presence in soup and beverages. To reach beyond our current geographies, we have developed rigorous criteria for evaluating growth opportunities and a short list of  priority markets.

6

Campbell Soup Company

Recipe made with Campbell's Yunnan Mushroom Soup

3

Continue to drive growth in Healthy Beverages and Baked Snacks

Third, we will continue to drive growth in Healthy Beverages and Baked Snacks. Over the past five years, we have achieved impressive success in our Healthy Beverages business, leveraging the differentiating credentials of the V8 brand and expanding the brand platform through a steady stream of successful innovation. In fiscal 2011, however, growth in the U.S. business slowed as competitors entered the market. Through continuous innovation, improved marketing and investment to restore our competitiveness, we can and will reignite the growth of our U.S. Beverages business. In fiscal 2012, we are launching exciting new offerings, such as V8 V-Fusion Smoothies, V8 V-Fusion + Energy beverages and  V8 Energy Shots, which appeal to a wide range of consumers, especially the active Millennial generation. In global Baked Snacks, we have a consistent track record  of innovation, as well as a platform for future growth in existing and new geographies. Both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's have strong potential to continue to grow beyond their current product and geographic borders.

Expanding the Goldfish Brand  Within our Pepperidge
Farm portfolio, the steady expansion of the Goldfish product range into adjacent segments exemplifies how smart and focused innovation can broaden brand scale and reach.  In recent years, this brand has been extended from savory children's crackers to sweet products such as Goldfish Grahams, and from flavors centered on young children  to those that appeal to tweens and beyond. In fiscal 2012,  the franchise will expand from crackers to bakery, with  new Goldfish sandwich breads that aim to delight kids  and lunch-making parents. The Pepperidge Farm brand has traced a similar course. Through continuous innovation, we've sustained the core equities of the brand in cookies and bakery, while extending them into the adult savory cracker segment with our

Pepperidge Farm Goldfish Flavor Blasted Grahams, made with whole grain and no artificial preservatives, give parents a smart way to satisfy their kid's sweet tooth. The V8 brand continues to satisfy consumers' thirst for new beverages. V8 V-Fusion Smoothies blend 100% fruit and vegetable juices and purees into a thick and creamy texture, providing a good-for-you and delicious snack.

8

Campbell Soup Company

V8 V-Fusion Smoothies are available in Strawberry Banana, Wild Berry and Mango flavors

Pepperidge Farm Goldfish sandwich bread in 100% Whole Wheat

successful Baked Naturals product line and capitalizing  on the booming interest in wholesome alternatives  to fried snacks with new products such as Baked Naturals cracker chips. Last year, we also enhanced  our signature Milano cookie line with the introduction of delectable Milano Melts, which will be followed in fiscal 2012 by Milano Slices. In Asia Pacific, our Arnott's biscuit business has posted impressive growth. In fiscal 2012, we will seek to continue its growth in the savory biscuit segment with the launch  of Arnott's Shapes Roadies, a product with crispy textures and bigger flavors for young-adult-male consumers, and Vita-Weat Lunch Slices for health-conscious consumers. We are also creating new varieties of our signature Arnott's Tim Tam biscuit line.

Baker's Bliss
Whenever employees would show a new product to Pepperidge Farm founder Margaret Rudkin, she would reply, "That's excellent, but what's next?" Pepperidge Farm Master Baker and Chef Mark Fitch continues the quest to discover what's next. "That's the goal we work on every day," says Chef Mark. Pepperidge Farm has a unique way of combining fun with wholesomeness, as shown by Goldfish sandwich breads. These unique breads mark the first time that a fresh-bakery product has adopted the iconic trademark shape or tapped into the massive brand equity of Goldfish. To build on the hugely popular Milano cookies, we created Milano Melts -- the first new style of cookie marketed under the Milano name since its inception in the 1950s.

A Year of Strategic Transition
Fiscal 2012 will be a year of transition and investment  for Campbell. We will invest to ensure the competitiveness  of our brands and fund enhanced brand-building activities across our portfolio. We will invest in external development as strategic opportunities arise. Most important, we will make a significant investment in innovation, as we develop new products and packaging formats to meet consumers where they are now and where we believe they will be in the future. Successful execution of our new strategic imperatives  will require strong and capable leadership. I am delighted with our new Campbell leadership team, and privileged  to lead such a talented, accomplished and dedicated group of executives. We are committed to leveraging the exceptionally high engagement of Campbell employees  to improve business performance, and to maintaining  the powerful culture of our organization, which is rooted  in Campbell's core values of Character, Competence  and Teamwork. "The Way We Work" inspires us to continue to build a safe, diverse, inclusive, engaged and responsible company that conducts business and delivers strong results with the highest standards of integrity.

Mark Fitch Pepperidge Farm Certified Master Baker



Campbell Soup Company

11

LEADERSHIP
1 2 3 4 5 6 7  8 9 10 11

PERFORMANCE
OUR TEAM
6.Denise M. Morrison 4.Irene Chang Britt 5.George Dowdie 3.David R. White 2.Nancy A. Reardon 1.B. Craig Owens President and Chief Senior Vice President --  Senior Vice President --  Senior Vice President --  Senior Vice President --  Senior Vice President --  Executive Officer Global Supply Chain Chief Strategy Officer Global Research & Chief Human Resources Chief Financial  Development and and Communi cations Officer and Chief Quality Officer Administrative Officer 8.Sean Connolly 7.Mark Alexander Senior Vice President  Senior Vice President  and President -- and President --  Campbell North Campbell International America 10. Joseph C. Spagnoletti 9.Ellen Oran Kaden Senior Vice President  Senior Vice President --  and Chief Information Law and Government Officer Affairs 11.Patrick J. Callaghan Vice President  and President --  Pepperidge Farm

Our Corporate Citizenship
We believe corporate social responsibility and sustainability are integrated business platforms that build  long-term shareowner value. These platforms foster innovation, drive operational efficiency, improve environmental performance, reduce costs, and strengthen our employees' relationships with our customers, suppliers, communities and each other. Campbell's "Nourishing" Corporate Social Responsibility program continues to deliver measurable benefits to our communities, planet and consumers. In fiscal 2011, we launched a comprehensive, one-of-a-kind initiative  to combat childhood hunger and obesity by joining Campbell's resources and expertise with powerful  partners to improve the health of young people in Camden, N.J., and eventually, in all of our communities. Investments in improvements in environmental performance at our manufacturing plants and in product packaging significantly reduced our use of resources and delivered healthy returns on invested capital. Last year, construction was initiated on a 10-megawatt, 60-acre solar farm -- the largest of its kind in the U.S. --  at our plant in Napoleon, Ohio.

12 Campbell Soup Company

A New Campbell
Our employees around the world are working to build a Campbell of the future that will be meaningfully different from the company you know today. As we focus forward, you will see us create a company with a broader and stronger agenda for growth. We will be better balanced across our product portfolios and in our international presence, better positioned to compete based on our brand strengths and better equipped to respond to the evolving needs of both our loyal consumer base and  other important consumer groups. In fiscal 2012, these changes will require a reduction  in earnings as we reinvest to rebuild important brands  and jump-start a new innovation process, philosophy  and pipeline. But we are confident that this course will  enhance our ability to create shareowner value over  the long term. Beyond fiscal 2012, our long-term targets are 3 to 4 percent net sales growth, 4 to 6 percent adjusted EBIT growth and 5 to 7 percent adjusted net earnings per share growth. I am inspired by the opportunity to lead an exciting new era of growth at Campbell. In the years to come, I look forward to celebrating with you the ongoing success  of our great company. Best,

THE WAY WE WORK
We will positively contribute to building and sustaining a safe, diverse, inclusive, engaged and socially responsible workplace focused on delivering business results with integrity.

OUR VALUES
We will create a high-performance culture that lives our values. Character >Inspiring trust >Acting with integrity > Taking personal responsibility  and driving our future  with optimism Competence > Building a learning organization with diverse perspectives > Developing new capabilities  to drive growth and innovation > Executing our plan with agility  to deliver our business results Teamwork > Working together and  operating as "One Team Plus"  with an enterprise-wide mindset

Denise M. Morrison
President and Chief Executive Officer



Campbell Soup Company13

