" Our company has delivered a year of quality growth, surpassing the financial goals we set for ourselves...This is an important step forward in fulfilling our mission to build the world's most extraordinary food company."
Douglas R. Conant
President and Chief Executive Officer

Fellow Shareowners,
I am pleased to report that our company has delivered a year of quality growth, surpassing the financial goals we set for ourselves. We've again become fully competitive in the food industry. We've earned loyalty from our consumers, accolades from our customers, and credibility with the investment community. Over the past four years, we have made significant progress. We've improved the quality of our top products. We've strengthened innovation pipelines in all our businesses. We've increased our marketing support across the board. We've enhanced relationships with our customers. We've improved our working environment, resulting in a more engaged workforce. As a result of all these actions, we've improved our sales growth profile significantly since the launch of our transformation plan in 2001.

Campbell Soup Company | page 1

Renewing the Legend
Campbell's condensed soups are again showing strength through a focus on improving product quality, packaging, and marketing. We're building on our success by launching more kid-preferred varieties, such as Campbell's condensed soup with pastashaped characters from the popular animated television series The BatmanTM, and merchandising events, such as the SouperStar Island contest. We're also ramping up investment in Campbell's Healthy Request reduced-sodium soups, and working to "win the holidays" with Campbell's cream soups for cooking as we celebrate the 50th anniversary of Campbell's Green Bean Casserole Bake recipe.

Fellow Shareowners

Now, we'll continuously improve on our performance in a sustainable fashion. Our mission is "to build the world's most extraordinary food company." Our vision to deliver that mission is "to nourish the lives of people everywhere, every day." We have two key metrics that will define our success. In the marketplace, we will define winning by delivering the best total shareowner returns in our peer group over the next decade. Our annual goal is to deliver above-average total shareowner returns on a rolling three-year basis. In the workplace, we will define winning by enhancing employee engagement every year. We will continue to drive quality growth -- in our products, our marketing, our supply chain, our information management systems, and the capabilities of our associates; in top-line growth through higher volumes, appropriate pricing, and higher-value products; and in operating earnings, by focusing on improving margin management and lowering total delivered cost.

These are some highlights from our fiscal 2005 performance: Campbell North America Our North American businesses account for $5.5 billion in sales and include leading retail and food service brands such as Campbell's, Pepperidge Farm, V8, Prego, Pace, Swanson, StockPot, and our Godiva business, which operates worldwide. In fiscal 2005, U.S. soup sales grew 5 percent. Along with the progress in our Campbell's condensed soup business, Swanson broth and Campbell's Chunky soups had strong sales growth. Our kids marketing programs not only helped drive growth of Campbell's condensed soups, but also drove growth of our rebranded Campbell's SpaghettiOs pasta. In addition, our premium refrigerated soups from our Stockpot business delivered record results. Pepperidge Farm showed strength across all of its categories, but particularly in fresh bakery, where whole grain items were a significant success. Godiva had an excellent year, with growth across all channels and markets worldwide, most notably driven by strong same-store sales growth in North America. Campbell International Our International businesses represent $2.0 billion in sales with leading brands in Europe and Asia Pacific. We own a variety of soup and sauce brands, including Erasco products in Germany, Liebig soups in France, and Homepride sauces in the U.K., as well as dry soup and sauce businesses throughout Europe. In Asia Pacific, we own the Arnott's brand of biscuits. In fiscal 2005, Europe sales grew slightly, primarily due to favorable currency and sales gains in France and Belgium. In Asia Pacific, Arnott's turned in another solid performance in Australia and the Australian Snackfoods business improved its profitability from 2004. Our Australian and New Zealand soup, stock, and beverage businesses continued to deliver strong sales growth.

A Productive Year
Perhaps nothing exemplifies our improvement as a company better than the performance of our Campbell's condensed soup business, our single largest product line. After many years of decline, condensed soup sales grew 8 percent in fiscal 2005. This strong performance is attributable to our relentless focus on doing several critical things better over the past four years. First, we strengthened our U.S. soup management team. Second, we significantly enhanced the quality and taste of virtually our entire range of soups. Third, we converted our entire U.S. line to convenient, easy-open lids. Finally, we began a broadscale marketing campaign that included better advertising and promotions and a major change in the way we display and merchandise condensed soups at retail. We're working to bring this type of comprehensive transformation to all our major product lines around the world. As a result of efforts like these, in fiscal 2005, we reported net sales of $7.5 billion and earnings per share of $1.71. These results exceeded the financial goals established for our company: net sales growth of 3 to 4 percent per year, earnings before interest and taxes of 5 to 6 percent per year, and earnings per share growth of 5 to 7 percent per year.

Our Strategies
Our greatest assets are our icon brands, the competitive advantages that underlie them, and the talents of our people. We are evolving our core strategies to leverage these assets and better drive quality growth. These updated strategies build on those we have been executing over the past four years. On the next several pages, you'll get an in-depth look at these strategies.

Campbell Soup Company | page 3

Our brands play in multiple areas within Simple Meals.
The Simple Meals category offers tremendous growth opportunities for Campbell. By redesigning the packaging graphics for Campbell's Soup at Hand sippable soups and rebranding SpaghettiOs pasta under the Campbell's brand, we've extended our brands and driven marketing efficiencies. The successful launch of Campbell's Chunky chili demonstrates how our brands can transcend their formats and product categories within Simple Meals.

Expand our icon brands within Simple Meals and Baked Snacks.
Simple Meals, heavily anchored by Soup, and Baked Snacks, heavily anchored by Biscuits, make up the majority of our portfolio -- more than 80 percent of our net sales and operating earnings. These are large and growing consumer-based megacategories. Significant opportunity exists within these categories for our key brands, all of which have potential to expand beyond the segments and categories in which we compete today. In the U.S., the brand equity associated with our iconic Campbell's condensed soups offers many opportunities for expansion. In fiscal 2006, we are launching three varieties of our traditional condensed soups -- Chicken Noodle, Tomato, and Vegetable -- as ready-to-serve soups in microwaveable bowls under the "M'm! M'm! Good! To Go" umbrella.

Additionally, we are more closely aligning our Campbell's Soup at Hand sippable soups with the Campbell's condensed line by coordinating the packaging graphics. This will drive marketing efficiency and broaden the positioning of Campbell's Soup at Hand sippable soups. Campbell's Chunky and Campbell's Select soups each offer unique benefits. Campbell's Chunky soups have been a strong top-line contributor for several years, and in fiscal 2006 we are augmenting this growth with new varieties. Campbell's Select soups, while growing over the past decade, have performed inconsistently. In fiscal 2006, we are putting major efforts behind restoring the brand's vitality by launching distinctive advertising to core users, putting three bestsellers in convenient microwaveable bowls, and introducing other unique varieties. While soup is clearly central to our plans, there are other Simple Meals where our brand equities can be competitively leveraged and our existing assets more fully utilized. We have made significant progress already with the launch of

Campbell Soup Company | page 4

The Baked Snacks mega-category is huge and growing.
Whether it's for "on-the-go" munching, an indulgent treat, or a nutritious bite, Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's are leaders in building on the power of our brands within Baked Snacks. Pepperidge Farm has introduced Goldfish crackers made with whole grains and added three deliciously rich Soft Baked cookies -- Snickerdoodle, Sugar, and Oatmeal Cranberry. In fiscal 2006, Arnott's will introduce Australians to Tim Tam Balls, a bite-sized version of their favorite chocolate biscuit.

Campbell's Chunky chili in both Canada and the U.S., and by converting Franco-American pasta to Campbell's branding in the U.S. Internationally, we plan to accelerate innovation by expanding the line of Campbell's soups in microwaveable bowls in Australia and introducing new formats for Batchelors Super Noodles in the U.K. Our Pepperidge Farm premium baked goods in the U.S. and Arnott's biscuits in Asia Pacific are leading brands in the Baked Snacks category. Through continuous innovation, Pepperidge Farm Goldfish crackers delivered 14 consecutive years of sales growth. In fiscal 2005, this record continued with the addition of whole grain and calcium-fortified varieties. Pepperidge Farm extended its cookie line with new varieties of its popular Soft Baked cookies, which achieved double-digit growth. We also introduced sugar-free varieties of our best-selling Milano and Chocolate Chunk cookies.

Arnott's launch of Dangerous Liaison Tim Tam biscuits in sophisticated flavors such as Black Forest Fantasy and Creamy Truffle Sensation continued to drive incremental sales for its Tim Tam brand. In fiscal 2006, it will expand "beyond the biscuit" with indulgent, bite-sized Tim Tam Balls. Beyond Simple Meals and Baked Snacks, we have two other growth platforms that can be leveraged: V8 beverages and Godiva premium chocolate products. Our V8 brand is ranked at the high end of consumers' health and wellness perceptions. We are leveraging these perceptions of convenient, vegetable nutrition by increasing top-of-mind awareness of the core V8 juice products and extending household reach with innovative vegetable-based products. Godiva products have traditionally been purchased as gifts. We're now broadening our offerings for immediate "self-treat" consumption, with products such as our new Godiva Chocolixir beverage and handmade peanut butter cups.

Campbell Soup Company | page 5

Convenience. Wellness. Quality.
We are raising the bar when it comes to delivering products that meet consumers' expectations in these areas. Poppable Pepperidge Farm Whims cookies are packaged in a resealable, portable container that makes them ideal for on-the-go adults. The launch of V8 fruit and vegetable juices in the U.K. is making it easier for British consumers to embrace a healthy diet. The organic line of Swanson broth is appealing to consumers' demands for high-quality, healthfocused offerings.

Fellow Shareowners

Trade consumers up to higher levels of satisfaction centering on convenience, wellness, and quality.
Today's consumers are more demanding than ever, and willing to pay a premium for products that deliver higher quality, taste, and portability. As a result, we see a significant opportunity to "trade consumers up" to products that offer these enhanced attributes. For example, we launched organic lines of Swanson broth and Prego spaghetti sauce to appeal to consumers' demand for more healthful offerings. Campbell's Healthy Request soups, a line of reducedsodium and low-fat products, had double-digit sales growth in fiscal 2005, after years of flat or declining sales growth, primarily due to better merchandising. We believe upside opportunity exists for this product line, and we'll continue to focus on it. Pepperidge Farm is responding to consumers' increasing demand for foods containing whole grains through its line of whole wheat and whole grain breads, rolls, English muffins, and bagels. These delicious and nutritious offerings have helped Pepperidge Farm achieve strong sales growth in its fresh bakery business for two consecutive years. Australian consumers can enjoy two new varieties of Arnott's leading better-for-you Snack Right biscuits with Apricot and Yoghurt Fruit Slice and Wild Berry Pillow. On the savory side, Arnott's has extended its crispbread line, with Vita-Weat Soy & Linseed, which is 100 percent natural and a source of Omega 3, and Salada Poppy & Sesame. In fiscal 2006, we are moving into the premium shelf-stable soup market in the U.S., with Campbell's Select Gold Label soups, which use aseptic technology. Aseptic processing and packaging provide high-quality, delicious products, including such unique varieties as Golden Butternut Squash and Creamy Portobello Mushroom. Food retailers' early response to these new soups has been enthusiastic, which is no surprise, as we

have already achieved market leadership in the three countries where the aseptic format is widely used -- France, Australia, and Canada. In Europe, we are capitalizing on consumers' preferences for convenience with the introduction of instant dry soups in multi-serving jars in the U.K. and France. In the area of wellness, we are expanding the presence of our V8 brand in the U.K. by launching five flavors of 100 percent fruit and vegetable juice to appeal to health-conscious consumers. In Australia, V8 juice had double-digit sales growth in fiscal 2005 and became the country's leading premium juice brand. We also launched V8 Carrot, Apple & Ginger, and V8 Plus beverages, which enhanced our base drink line with ginkgo biloba, ginseng, green tea, and wheatgrass. Godiva is enticing chocolate lovers with its Godiva Platinum Collection, a new assortment of chocolates, featuring unique textures and flavors, packaged in an elegant Platinum ballotin. These signature chocolates are being introduced globally in fiscal 2006.

Make our products more broadly available in existing and new markets.
As prepared food offerings grow in U.S. supermarket delis, retailers recognize the value of our high-quality refrigerated soups. Demand for our refrigerated soups has increased dramatically, with double-digit sales growth in fiscal 2005. This demand contributed to our decision to build a new $80 million culinary campus in Washington state to accommodate the anticipated growth, increasing our production capacity by 50 percent. This will better position us to further penetrate retail grocery stores, traditional food service chains, and independent restaurant locations.

Campbell Soup Company | page 7

Available where -- and how -- consumers shop.
Customized products and packaging for emerging channels and markets will help make our offerings more available to more consumers. For instance, we introduced Arnott's Tim Tam biscuits in China. We are driving penetration of traditional food service chains, independent restaurant locations, and retail grocers in the U.S. with refrigerated soups made by our Stockpot business. Campbell's Chunky soups in customized case packs allow consumers who desire larger quantities the convenience of purchasing several cans at one time.

The strong performance of Campbell's condensed soup business demonstrates the value of the iQ Maximizer, an innovative gravity-feed shelf system for merchandising soup. This adaptable unit, now in about 14,000 stores, makes stocking and maintaining shelves simpler for retailers, while making the soup aisle dramatically easier for consumers to shop. Outside the U.S., we're accelerating our brand and product offerings in key markets, especially those with high per capita consumption of soup. In South Asia, we introduced the first Campbell's brand instant dry soups for breakfast, featuring nine nutritious varieties based on popular flavors for children. Capitalizing on its leadership position in Australia and New Zealand, Arnott's launched Tim Tam biscuits in China during the year with seven varieties tailored to Chinese tastes throughout the cities of Guangzhou and Shenzhen. This builds on Arnott's expansion in recent years into Indonesia and Malaysia. We will continue to focus efforts behind Simple Meals and Baked Snacks in Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, and Malaysia, while exploring opportunities in new markets, such as China and Russia.

Increase margins by improving price realization and company-wide productivity.
Consistent with our financial goals of growing earnings faster than sales, we believe we can improve our margins. To do this, we plan on capturing more of the value our products create -- through improved price realization and better product mix management. We also expect to improve productivity through more efficient customer and marketing spending and further optimization of our supply chain. During fiscal 2006, we will continue work on the new sales and distribution system in Australia announced last year to increase productivity across our Australian operations. From a strategic viewpoint, we plan on rolling out our SAP enterprise-resource planning system in Canada in fiscal 2006 and will begin to prepare other North American businesses to implement SAP over the next few years. Further, the Global

Campbell Soup Company | page 8

Our Corporate Leadership Team
Robert Schiffner Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer Jerry Buckley Senior VP Public Affairs Doreen Wright Senior VP and Chief Information Officer David White Senior VP Global Supply Chain Nancy Reardon Senior VP and Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer Larry McWilliams Senior VP and President­ Campbell International Carl Johnson Senior VP and Chief Strategy Officer Ellen Oran Kaden Senior VP Law and Government Affairs Arthur Anderson Senior VP Global Research & Development and Quality Mark Sarvary Executive VP and President­ Campbell North America

Supply Chain team will continue to focus on lowering costs incurred across the total supply chain, from the procurement of ingredients and packaging to the delivery to customers.

Valuing Campbell. We remain committed to developing a culture of mutual respect. In fiscal 2005, to help drive this spirit across the organization, we introduced our Campbell Values, which focus on character, competence, and teamwork. We know that to win in the marketplace, we must first win in the workplace.

Improve overall organizational diversity, engagement, excellence, and agility.
The diversity, engagement, excellence, and agility of our workforce are critical to our long-term success. We've made great strides in these areas, but there's always room for improvement in the speed, quality, and dexterity of our problem solving, decision-making, and execution. During the past four years, we have continued to promote our Campbell Promise -- Campbell Valuing People, People

We are committed to increasing the diversity of our workforce to better reflect the markets in which we operate and sell our products. In fiscal 2005, we developed a comprehensive plan to improve how the company leverages diversity for overall business success. We are rolling out diversity education and training to build competence in managing diversity, and will continue to support affinity networks at Campbell. We also launched a Diversity Advisory Board to help guide our initiatives and support a culture of inclusion across our organization. For the past four years, we have conducted annual workplace surveys to assess the level of employee engagement. We have improved overall engagement every year, incorporating ideas from Campbell associates at all levels.

Campbell Soup Company | page 9

Fellow Shareowners

In addition, we inaugurated a "Winning With Integrity" compliance program, which reinforces the importance of ethical principles and behaviors in all parts of our business practices. We also continue to make a difference in our communities by encouraging volunteerism and striving to be good corporate citizens.

on total shareowner returns as a critical measure of our progress and, consequently, have incorporated this measurement as the cornerstone of our long-term compensation program.

To Be Extraordinary
I am pleased by the performance of our associates and our company since I became CEO in January 2001. We have relied on our talented, dedicated people to restore our competitiveness. We have made tough decisions, reorganizing, restructuring, and reassessing. This year's performance is an important step forward in fulfilling our mission to build the world's most extraordinary food company.

Financial Goals
As we continue to generate top-line growth through higher volume, appropriate pricing, and higher-value products, we will strive to generate higher operating earnings driven by margin improvement. Over the longer term, we intend to maintain net sales growth of 3 to 4 percent per year, earnings before interest and taxes of 5 to 6 percent per year, and earnings per share growth of 5 to 7 percent per year. After the close of fiscal 2005, we increased our annual dividend from $.68 per share to $.72 per share. We intend to focus

Doug Conant
PRESIDENT AND CEO

Chairman's Message
This is my first report as Chairman of Campbell Soup Company after eight years as a director. I'm delighted to write it because I am very proud to be associated with our company. The reasons are easy to state: Campbell produces high-quality food products, is managed by an equally high-quality management team, and overseen by a dedicated, experienced, and competent Board. All of us are focused on doing the right things in the right way, and are committed to serving long-term shareowner interests. Doug has reported on business results in more detail earlier in this report, but it is clear that, in fiscal 2005, we began to see the results of the investments we have made since 2001 to transform our company in the marketplace and in the workplace. Campbell is a far more competitive and innovative company today than it was four years ago when Doug joined as CEO. Earlier this year, the Board reviewed with management a thoughtful strategic plan to drive quality growth through an expanded focus on "Simple Meals" and "Baked Snacks." We believe that Campbell now has the capabilities it needs to succeed in these broader arenas, and has made important strides toward achieving our longterm goal of being the world's most extraordinary food company. To further align management's and shareowners' interests, during the last fiscal year the Board's Compensation and Organization Committee approved a new long-term incentive compensation program. Our shareowners and potential investors will be pleased to see that total shareowner returns, compared to other food companies, will be the central driver of incentive compensation for Campbell's executives under this new program. This will align management's interests with those of shareowners as much as any program I have ever seen. In November 2005, Don Stewart will retire from the Board after 14 years of dedicated service. We have greatly benefited from the perspective Don has contributed to our work from his distinguished experience in the academic and not-for-profit worlds. The nominee to succeed him is Barry Rand, formerly the chairman and CEO of Avis. Barry's wide-ranging business background will make him a valuable addition to the Board. In anticipation of Phil Lippincott's retirement next year, the Board has also nominated Sara Mathew, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Dun & Bradstreet, who was previously associated with Procter & Gamble for over 18 years. Sara brings an extensive background in finance and the consumer products industry.

Harvey Golub
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

Campbell Soup Company | page 10

