2 Campbell Soup Company
 Douglas R. Conant President and CEO
Fellow Shareowners,
I’m pleased to report that, in a difficult economic and competitive environment,
Campbell delivered adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $2.47,1 an increase of
12 percent, compared with $2.211 the prior year. This adjusted EPS growth exceeded our long-term growth target range of 5 to 7 percent.
At the same time, we produced cash flow from operations of more than $1 billion this year, despite making an unusually large contribution to a U.S. pension fund. We delivered these strong results while continuing to lay groundwork for the future in such areas as information technology infrastructure, wellness and nutrition innovation, and our entry into emerging markets.
Our net sales also grew during fiscal 2010, but were below our expectations, finishing up only 1 percent with sales of
$7.7 billion. In our largest simple meals business, U.S. Soup, sales declined 4 percent for the year. The primary reason was a 9 percent decline in sales of our ready-to-serve soups. Total soup category sales trends were negative, but we outperformed our branded competitors. Condensed soup sales decreased 2 percent and broth sales rose 3 percent. Importantly, our
other two core areas of focus, healthy beverages and baked snacks, grew sales, earnings and market share during fiscal 2010. Building on the momentum in these businesses is a key element of Campbell’s plan to drive growth going forward, particularly on the top line.
We were able to deliver robust earnings growth despite the modest sales gains, in part by redoubling our efforts to boost productivity. For the first time in recent memory, our cost per unit declined on a year-over-year basis, and we continued to gain benefits from our implementation of SAP in North America. It was a strong performance, which I attribute to efforts throughout the company. Our EPS also benefitted from favorable currency and our share repurchase program.
Building on Our Strengths
Our mission is to build the world’s most extraordinary food company by nourishing people’s lives everywhere, every day. In the marketplace, that means delivering sustainably good performance across our portfolio, and we are energized and excited about our ability to do this. Campbell has all of the elements needed to win as a focused food company:
• Our categories of healthy beverages, baked snacks and simple meals are large and growing.
• We have leading brands, including V8, Pepperidge Farm, Arnott’s, Swanson, Prego, Pace, Liebig, Erasco and, of course, Campbell’s.
• We have regional scale in three major geographies: North America, Asia Pacific and Europe.
• We have world-class product technologies in such areas as thermal processing, baking, sodium reduction, and
vegetable and whole-grain nutrition.
• We are in a strong financial position to invest in growth, thanks to our fiscal 2010 performance.
• And, most importantly, we have an experienced, talented, engaged team that understands our consumers,
customers and categories better than anyone else.
1 These amounts are adjusted for certain transactions not considered to be part of the ongoing business. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, see page 15.

We recognize that, in order to win in this difficult economic environment, we must grow our categories and accelerate our organic top-line sales by driving increased volume. We will do this by serving our consumers and customers better, faster and more completely than anyone else.
Thinking Differently
With this in mind, we have begun to think differently about our portfolio. We believe that we can place ourselves in a stronger position to win by more powerfully focusing on our fastest-growing businesses through stepped-up innovation and marketing support, funded through productivity gains and rigorous expense management. These businesses include healthy beverages, baked snacks and meal makers, a subset of simple meals, which is comprised of our broths, sauces and condensed cooking soups. At the same time, we will continue to competitively build our meals business, our other subset of simple meals, which includes our condensed eating and ready-to-serve soups.
For fiscal 2011, we have a full slate of innovation and marketing programs underway to achieve this plan. Here are just a few examples:
• In healthy beverages, we are launching V8 V-Fusion +Tea and adding new flavors to our popular V8 V-Fusion line.
• In baked snacks, we are introducing upgrades for Pepperidge Farm Goldfish and Arnott’s Shapes and relaunching
Pepperidge Farm Chunk cookies. We also are planning to upgrade our research and development capabilities.
• In simple meals, we are increasing the competitiveness of our entire U.S. portfolio of Campbell’s soup brands, including condensed and ready-to-serve, through a new advertising campaign and new varieties. In addition, in condensed soup,
we are introducing fresh new product labels, ingredient upgrades and an enhanced gravity-feed shelving system in stores. We are continuing to invest in our international soups, for example, by beginning the relaunch of our Erasco brand in Germany.
At the same time, we will pursue aggressive goals for reducing our total delivered cost, while fully implementing and leveraging our new information systems, such as SAP. For example, we plan to make significant headway this year on our initiative to simplify the soup-making process in our North American manufacturing network, which is designed to reduce the cost of making soup and increase the speed with which we introduce and commercialize innovation. To give you a sense of our goals, consider this: We use more than 1,700 packaging materials in various
formats and sizes. By reducing this variation, we can achieve greater economies of scale in procurement and simplify our production processes, all while we continue to improve our quality offerings for consumers. We see similar opportunities to reduce complexity in other areas as well, such as ingredients and soup bases.
Our Model for Winning
As we evolve the way we manage our portfolio and increase productivity, we continue to follow our time-tested blueprint for building the world’s most extraordinary food company, our Campbell success model, which includes four elements.
First, we win in the workplace by creating a high-performance culture with world- class levels of employee engagement. Our people then enable us to win in the marketplace by meeting the needs of our consumers and customers in a superior fashion. As we do this, we have the capacity and the responsibility to win in the community and help make our world a better place. Through it all, we win with integrity by holding ourselves to the highest ethical standards.
In the workplace, marketplace and community, we have set specific goals, and we monitor our progress, which has been substantial. Our latest results are outlined below.
Winning in the Workplace
We measure winning in the workplace primarily through an annual survey of employee engagement, conducted by the Gallup Organization. Gallup defines world-class engagement through two broad measures: the engagement ratio, or the number of engaged employees for each actively disengaged employee; and the engagement mean, or the average of all responses to the 12 survey questions. I am pleased to report that, although our numbers declined modestly this year, we remained world class on both measures. Indeed, our employee engagement ratio was 17:1, well above the world-class ratio of 12:1.
In addition, we continued to receive external honors for the quality of our workplace. Most notably, our efforts to develop and advance women earned Campbell the prestigious Catalyst Award, given by a leading, global nonprofit organization
Campbell Soup Company 3
                                                                             
4 Campbell Soup Company
 Winning in The MaRkeTplaCe
 During the past
six years, Campbell has delivered cumulative total shareowner returns above both the peer group and the broader market.
* Dates from 7/30/04 to 7/30/10. Cumulative Returns of Campbell versus the S&P Packaged Foods Index and S&P 500
** Annualized Returns
Six-Year Cumulative Rolling Three-Year Total Shareowner Returns** Total Shareowner Returns
 (Point-to-Point)* FY10
 1.5%
3.4%
2.7% -6.2%
  Campbell
peer group average
(S&P Packaged Foods Index)
-6.8%
64.0% FY09 -3.0%
           38.0%
FY08 FY07 FY06 FY05
7.5% 6.0%
2.7%
7.7%
  Market average
(S&P 500 Index)
13.1%
16.2% 11.9%
          8.7% 11.3%
10.5%
13.8% 15.1%
18.3%
       that focuses on building inclusive workplaces and expanding opportunities for women. We also upgraded our workplace by opening our new Campbell Employee Center at World Headquarters in Camden, N.J. During fiscal 2011, sustaining and deepening our world-class employee workplace/engagement is a top priority.
I firmly believe that personal leadership is the key factor in driving employee engagement, starting with our senior leadership team, and flowing across the organization through each level of management. I have challenged all of our managers to live our Campbell promise—Campbell valuing people, people valuing Campbell—in every interaction by valuing our people in ways that are meaningful and tangible to them. I am confident that our people will continue to respond to this message with stronger engagement and extraordinary performance.
Winning in the Marketplace
We measure winning in the marketplace by comparing our total shareowner returns (TSR), including stock price appreciation and dividends, to the average TSR of our peer companies in the S&P Packaged Foods Index. Our goal since 2005 has
been to deliver industry-leading TSR over the following decade. We believe that above-average performance, consistently delivered over time, will distinguish Campbell as one of the very best long-term value creators. Therefore, our performance standard is to deliver above-average rolling three-year TSR relative to our peer group each year.
Six years into this 10-year goal, our cumulative TSR was 64.0 percent, significantly higher than that of our peer group, which returned 38.0 percent. Our industry also outperformed the broader market: The cumulative TSR for the S&P 500 was 13.1 percent over the same period. On a rolling three-year basis, our cumulative TSR was 1.5 percent, outpacing that of the S&P 500, which declined 6.8 percent, but lagging the peer group’s TSR of 3.4 percent. Our performance compared to our peers improved this year over fiscal 2009 results.
Winning in the Community
Conducting business in a socially responsible manner is an integral part of how we create shareowner value. That’s why we have embedded social responsibility into our mission, success model and strategies.
Our goal for winning in the community is to be recognized as one of the most socially responsible U.S. corporations.
In fiscal 2010, for the second year in a row, Campbell ranked as one of the 10 most socially responsible U.S. companies
on a leading survey compiled by the Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship and the Reputation Institute. In addition, our employee volunteerism programs were honored by the Points of Light Institute; we were named to Corporate Responsibility magazine’s list of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens; we were included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes (North America) for the second year in a row, and we were added to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. Clearly, there are many organizations that assess corporate social responsibility (CSR), and their methods continue to evolve. In 2011, we will explore other benchmarks that may better reflect our overall CSR performance.

During fiscal 2010, we set 10-year destination goals to guide our CSR efforts, and we published these goals as part of our second CSR report, which is available on our website: www.campbellsoupcompany.com/csr.
Winning with integrity
As we aspire to win in the workplace, marketplace and community, it is essential that we comply with the law and hold ourselves to the highest standards of business ethics. We cannot build the world’s most extraordinary food company any other way. In 2010, Ethisphere magazine honored our efforts by naming us as one of the world’s most ethical companies.
Our guidance
In September, when we reported our fourth-quarter earnings for fiscal 2010, we gave earnings guidance for fiscal 2011 as follows:
• Net sales growth of 2 to 3 percent;
• Growth in adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) of
4 to 5 percent; and
• Adjusted earnings per share growth of 5 to 7 percent.
Our fiscal 2011 guidance for net sales and adjusted EBIT growth are both
1 percentage point below our long-term targets, reflecting the challenging consumer environment. Our guidance for adjusted EPS growth is consistent with our long-term targets.
a new Chapter
In September, Campbell announced my plan to step down as CEO on July 31, 2011, at the end of our current fiscal year, which also marks the end of my
10th full fiscal year with the company. The Board elected Denise M. Morrison as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in anticipation of her election to succeed me as CEO at the beginning of fiscal 2012. Denise has also been elected a Director of the company.
As I reflect on my time with Campbell, I am very pleased with our progress in the workplace, the marketplace and the community. When I arrived, Campbell was among the worst performing companies in its industry. The company had faltered on a number of fronts. While it remained an American icon, Campbell had lost touch with its consumers, investors had begun to lose faith, and, as you can imagine, employee morale was low.
Campbell Soup Company 5
 Winning in The WORkplaCe
 In fiscal 2010, Campbell maintained world-class levels of employee engagement. For the fourth straight year, the Gallup organization has honored Campbell with its Great Workplace Award.
* Measures how Campbell’s overall Grand Mean score compares relative to Gallup’s overall database of respondents
** Ratio of engaged employees divided by those actively disengaged
76% 79% 82% 78%
23:1
      71%
     06 07 08 09 10 Engagement
Percentile*
06 07 08 09 10 Engagement
Ratios**
6:1
12:1 9:1
17:1
 Winning in the Community
 For the second year in a row, Campbell ranked as one of the 10 most socially responsible U.S. companies according to the Corporate Social Responsibility Index from the Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship and the Reputation Institute. Measures include citizenship, governance and workplace parameters.
  1. Walt Disney Co. 2. Microsoft
3. Google
4. Honda
5. Johnson & Johnson 6. PepsiCo
7. General Mills
8. Kraft Foods
9. Campbell Soup Co.
10. FedEx
Social Responsibility Index
79.52 78.66 77.03 76.65 76.57 76.00 75.95 75.94 75.26 74.87

6 Campbell Soup Company
Campbell’s 2001 annual report, my first, was titled, “It’s not enough to be a legend.” We set out to renew the legend,
and we have been doing that ever since. During my first four years, we focused on building a high-performing executive team, replacing 300 of our top 350 executives, half through internal promotions. From 2005 forward, this reenergized team created a high-engagement culture, which is the foundation of our marketplace success. Together, I am proud to say, we placed Campbell back on the path toward extraordinary growth, as befits our venerable, 140-year heritage, our dynamic people, and our global opportunities.
Denise is a critical part of the team that transformed the company and I am confident that, under her capable leadership, Campbell will continue to advance. I look forward to working closely with her over the coming months to ensure a smooth, seamless transition.
I would like to close by thanking our shareowners, employees, customers, consumers and our Board of Directors for allowing me to serve this great company over the past decade. It has been an honor and a privilege.
Sincerely,
Douglas R. Conant
President and CEO
    Chairman’s Message
The Board was pleased that the company delivered strong earnings growth in fiscal 2010.
In our discussions of strategic planning in the course of the year, we agreed that management’s enhanced focus on healthy beverages, baked snacks and meal makers within simple meals — businesses which now account for a majority of the company’s sales and EBIT — will provide a sound foundation for superior sales and earnings growth in the future.
 As he has noted in his message above, Doug Conant has advised the Board that he plans to step down as CEO at the
end of the current fiscal year. We are profoundly grateful for his exceptional leadership of the company during the
past decade. Doug conceived and implemented a strategic vision that transformed Campbell into the focused, highly competitive business it is today, and built an organization united by a powerful commitment to win in the marketplace,
the workplace and the community with the highest standards of integrity. The legacy of his high standards and extraordinary personal values will be indelible.
In September, the Board elected Denise M. Morrison Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, effective October 1, 2010, in anticipation of her election to succeed Doug as CEO at the beginning of fiscal 2012. She is an outstanding leader with a commanding knowledge of Campbell’s businesses and an impressive record of achievement. The Board is confident that in her expanded leadership role, Denise will drive strong business performance and enhance the company’s strategies for accelerating growth across our powerful brand portfolio.
The Board has also elected Denise as a Director, effective October 1, 2010. Each of the current 17 directors is standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting in November. We look forward to working with Doug and Denise to implement
a smooth and successful leadership transition.
paul R. Charron Chairman of the Board
 