A Period of Revolutionary Change
The food industry is being transformed before our eyes by the seismic shifts that Campbell identified early in my tenure. Our industry faces global economic realities with a shrinking American middle class and a growing one in developing markets; major demographic changes, including continued growth of Millennial and Hispanic cohorts in the U.S. and a redefinition of the American family; profound changes in consumer preferences for food with increased focus on health and well-being, fresh and organic; and the game-changing impact of digital technologies. The convergence and acceleration of these seismic shifts are reshaping the consumer and retailer landscape and have disrupted steady growth in the food industry, placing volume pressure on mainstream food, particularly center-store categories. Traditional food companies have felt the impact for several years. In calendar 2014, on the heels of many of these changes, the industry's average net sales growth rate slowed to only 1-2 percent. In response, companies have initiated a series of strategic actions, from spin-offs and consolidation to acquisitions and aggressive cost-cutting.

Denise M. Morrison
President and Chief Executive Officer

"The actions we are taking position Campbell for a promising future."
Unmistakable Actions
Campbell has taken unmistakable actions in anticipation of these shifts. Strategically, we have accomplished a great deal over the past several years. Most significantly, we embarked on a strategy of realigning our portfolio to focus on higher-growth categories. In doing this we: · Added four new growth engines with the acquisitions of Bolthouse Farms, Plum, Kelsen and, in fiscal 2015, Garden Fresh Gourmet. · Exited our Russia operations and shed our slower-growing European simple meals business. · Implemented an innovation process that has helped increase rolling three-year sales from new products from 8 percent in fiscal 2011 to 10 percent in fiscal 2015. · Restructured our Campbell-Swire joint venture in China to better support our soup and simple meals business. · Entered into strategic commercial arrangements in Mexico with La Costeña and Grupo Jumex. · Increased our investment in Southeast Asia, particularly in Indonesia, to accelerate organic growth. · Drove meaningful improvement in our cost structure, closed five plants and implemented initiatives to improve our supply chain. Clearly, Campbell has changed, and our performance is now competitive with the industry. Although we have made progress, we know it has not been enough.

Fiscal 2015 was an eventful time for our company and the industry. In my entire career, I have never seen an environment so fraught with both challenges and opportunity as the one in which we are currently operating. Against that backdrop, we continued to take important steps to reinvent Campbell and improve our growth trajectory, using our purpose, Real Food That Matters for Life's Moments, as a filter to analyze strategic decisions about our business. We aligned our organization with our strategy by redesigning our enterprise structure to create three new divisions with clear portfolio roles. We started to implement a major cost savings effort. We also acquired another growth engine, Garden Fresh Gourmet, to expand our packaged fresh portfolio. As I will discuss in the following pages, this is solid progress, but there is more to come. I am confident that the actions we are taking position Campbell for a promising future.

Fellow Shareholders,

1 Campbell Soup Company

Fiscal 2015 Results
In fiscal 2015, we continued to lay the foundation for future growth. We delivered sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations consistent with our revised guidance. Sales from continuing operations declined 2 percent to $8.082 billion, primarily impacted by the negative impact of currency translation and one less week compared to the prior year. Organic sales increased 1 percent,* with growth in four of our five reportable segments. Adjusted EPS of $2.46 was comparable with the prior year.* Within U.S. Simple Meals, the performance of our sauce business was a standout, notably Prego Italian sauces and Campbell's Dinner sauces. Sales of Campbell's Dinner sauces increased double digits for the year, as did sales for our strategically important Plum business. In U.S. soup, consumer takeaway was relatively stable, and we posted positive share performance. Global Baking and Snacking performed well, with gains in organic sales and operating earnings. We made significant progress in improving our Australian biscuit business. Our Indonesia business delivered another year of organic double-digit growth, despite economic headwinds that emerged in the fourth quarter. While U.S. Beverages declined and the category remains challenged, the underlying trends of this business are beginning to show signs of improvement. We continue to be enthusiastic about Bolthouse Farms, especially beverages and dressings, and are working to integrate Garden Fresh Gourmet. I am encouraged that our management team responded to our first-half cost and margin challenges in a difficult operating environment, and I am particularly pleased with the improvement in gross margin that we delivered in the back half. However, bolder steps are needed to reshape Campbell in line with our dual mandate to strengthen our core business while expanding into faster-growing spaces. In fiscal 2015, Campbell set forth an ambitious agenda to create shareholder value by fundamentally changing the way that we operate. This culminated in a comprehensive plan to unlock our purpose, performance and potential.

thinking, talking and acting differently about our food--from how it is grown and the ingredients we select to how we prepare our foods and the type of acquisitions we pursue.

New Enterprise Design
With our purpose in place, we turned to our organization and asked whether our structure reflected our strategy for growth. After an in-depth review, we reorganized our business operations in three divisions aligned to a category-first, geography-second configuration. This new structure will enable us to move more quickly into the areas that hold the greatest promise. Importantly, we defined clear portfolio roles for each division to drive differential investment in our businesses with the highest growth potential:
Americas Simple Meals and Beverages is our largest

division. We will manage it for moderate growth, consistent with the categories in which we operate, and for margin expansion. This division, which includes U.S. soup, will serve as a key economic engine for Global years to Biscuits come.
Global Biscuits and Snacks

Americas Simple Meals and Beverages

and Snacks

is focused on expanding in developed and developing markets while improving margins. This division unifies our Pepperidge Farm, Arnott's and Kelsen businesses around the world.

We reorganized our business operations in three divisions aligned to a category-first, geography-second configuration. This new structure will enable us to move more quickly into the areas that hold the greatest promise for our company and shareholders.

Our Purpose as a Filter for Decision Making
Campbell is fundamentally different from our peers in the food group. We are not too big and not too small. We have the scale, assets and capabilities of a large company and possess the soul and many of the strengths of a startup. In short, we think of ourselves as "the biggest small food company." It begins with our purpose: Real Food That Matters for Life's Moments. These seven words have spurred the single most important cultural change in my time at Campbell. Today, everyone at Campbell is
* These amounts are adjusted for certain items not considered to be part of the ongoing business. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, see page 6.

Campbell Fresh includes Bolthouse Farms, Garden Fresh Gourmet and our refrigerated soup business. We will make focused investments to accelerate sales growth and expand into new packaged fresh categories.

Campbell Fresh

Additionally, we created an Integrated Global Services (IGS) organization to deliver shared services across the company. At the beginning of fiscal 2016, we moved elements of finance, IT, marketing services, sales, procurement and human resources into this group to increase efficiency and effectiveness. IGS will be key in our efforts to reduce costs and elevate operational excellence, while also building new capabilities.

2

Cost Savings To Fund Growth
As part of the enterprise redesign, we wanted to be leaner--both to be more cost efficient but also to be more agile. We targeted approximately $250 million in annual cost savings that we plan to achieve by the end of fiscal 2018. These savings, which are above and beyond our existing enabler program, will come from streamlining our organization, establishing IGS and adopting zero-based budgeting. Against this cost-reduction objective, we delivered earlier-than-anticipated savings of approximately $85 million in fiscal 2015 across several categories, including headcount reductions, non-working marketing, and lower travel and consulting costs. An important component of our cost-savings efforts is zero-based budgeting, which requires each group to prepare a fresh budget each year without reference to past spending. We are piloting zero-based budgeting in two cost categories during fiscal 2016 with plans to expand thereafter. We believe this datadriven approach brings greater visibility to our spending and is starting to create an ownership mindset where employees treat every dollar as if it were their own. We are confident that this process will drive sustainable cost reduction in a challenging business environment, promote more effective margin management and fund our future growth.

reasons for our choices and use feedback from stakeholders as valuable input to guide future decisions about our food. We anticipate this approach will accelerate meaningful changes in our food. While many of our North American products already contain no artificial colors or flavors, we plan to eliminate most of the remaining artificial colors and flavors from this portfolio by the end of fiscal 2018. We also plan to remove high fructose corn syrup from certain existing products, including Pepperidge Farm fresh breads and most of our new Americas Simple Meals and Beverages items.

"We will continue to pursue our dual mandate to strengthen our core businesses while expanding into faster-growing spaces."
These are critically important steps with far-reaching implications that will strengthen our relationships with loyal consumers, rekindle connections with people who have long loved our brands but may have found alternatives and establish new connections with new generations of consumers.
2. Strengthening Digital Connections

Four Strategic Imperatives
With our new, leaner enterprise design in place, we plan to pursue our dual mandate to strengthen our core businesses by focusing on transparency and digital marketing and e-commerce while expanding into fastergrowing spaces, including health and well-being and developing markets.
1. Setting the Standard for Transparency

We are changing the way we connect with consumers in the digital age. Over the past several years, we have built stronger digital, social and mobile capabilities and have steadily increased our digital budget. In fiscal 2016, we plan to spend nearly 40 percent of our overall media budget on digital media. We also remain focused on growing our e-commerce capabilities, as this is becoming increasingly important to our consumers and our customers.
3. Increased Emphasis on Health and Well-being

Our purpose has created the conditions for Campbell to become increasingly open about our food with the goal of setting the standard for transparency in the food industry. In fiscal 2015, we initiated an important project to increase consumer trust by providing greater access to information about our products, especially in our core U.S. soups, sauces and beverages. At www.whatsinmyfood.com, we provide detailed information for several top North American products, including our iconic Campbell's Tomato and Chicken Noodle soups. Over the next year, we intend to include all of our major products in the U.S. and Canada, with subsequent plans to expand globally. Through this engagement, we will explain the

Campbell has a long history in health and well-being. While those words mean different things to different people, there is no denying the explosion of interest in fresh foods. The fresh opportunity is so compelling that we formed an entire division around it: Campbell Fresh, which we call C-Fresh. The gravitational pull of fresh foods extends to our customers, who are also responding to evolving consumer demands by dedicating more space to fresh and organic foods as they go mainstream. The creation of C-Fresh positions us to bring scale and a more diverse portfolio to help customers attract the desirable health-conscious shoppers they are seeking.

3 Campbell Soup Company

When we acquired Bolthouse Farms in August 2012, we outlined our vision to leverage it as a platform to expand into the store perimeter and adjacent categories. We are now starting to realize that vision with a strong branded presence in the produce section, anchored by Bolthouse Farms beverages, dressings and carrots. The acquisition of Garden Fresh Gourmet (pictured below) extends our presence beyond produce to the deli section with salsa, hummus and dips to complement our retail refrigerated soup business.

The Campbell of the Future
Campbell's name and logo are among the best known in the world. That can be a blessing or a curse. It is a blessing if we take it as a challenge to reinvent what Campbell stands for and forge ahead to keep our iconic status. It is a curse if we take it as permission to stand still and accept the status quo. That is why we will fight to become: · A purpose-driven company that earns consumer trust by setting the standard for transparency in the food industry. · A leader in health and well-being with strong packaged fresh and organic offerings. · A more geographically diverse company with a higher percentage of our business in developing markets. · A leaner, more agile company with lower overhead costs. · A company with a larger portion of our portfolio growing at a higher rate. Through the execution of our four strategic imperatives, Campbell will be the best of both big and small with an entrepreneurial mindset and soul of a small company and the scale and capabilities of a large enterprise. We believe this immensely exciting journey will ultimately result in tremendous benefits for our shareholders. In November, we will say goodbye to two distinguished members of our Board of Directors: Paul Charron and Lawrence Karlson will retire following our 2015 Annual Meeting. I would like to thank them for their dedicated service. I would particularly like to acknowledge Paul, who has served the Board with distinction for 12 years, including the past six as Chairman. Through his entire tenure, but especially during his time as Chairman, Paul has provided exemplary leadership during an important chapter in our history. In closing, I want to thank our entire Board of Directors, the Campbell Leadership Team, our employees and our shareholders. With your ongoing support, I am confident that the steps we are taking will help Campbell define the future of real food, set us apart from other food companies and deliver higher levels of performance. Best,

Going forward, we expect C-Fresh to become a full-force growth engine through a combination of organic growth fueled by innovation and disciplined external development.
4. Increasing Our Presence in Developing Markets

Turning to faster-growing geographies, in fiscal 2016 we will remain focused on expanding in developing markets, especially with our Global Biscuits and Snacks brands in Asia. We expect our new integrated structure to unlock the potential of this business and to provide the platform to extend our powerful brands--such as Goldfish, Tim Tam and the Kelsen portfolio--across both developed and developing markets. While we recognize there may be short-term economic pressure in some of these markets, we believe over the long term it is essential to become more geographically diverse, with more of our business in markets with an expanding middle class.

Long-term Growth Targets
Given our strategy and new industry realities, we have taken a closer look at our long-term growth targets. We have revised our organic net sales target to reflect the new normal of the food industry. Our long-term target for organic net sales is 1 to 3 percent. Our long-term earnings growth targets, which now exclude currency translation, remain unchanged with adjusted EBIT growing 4 to 6 percent and adjusted EPS growing 5 to 7 percent.

Denise M. Morrison President and Chief Executive Officer

4

