"Our plan is about re-energizing a great company, its brands and its people."
DOUGLAS R. CONANT President and Chief Executive Officer

Fellow Shareowners, In fiscal 2001, we took the first necessary steps aimed at restoring robust growth and capturing global opportunity. The Campbell Board of Directors approved the single most comprehensive commitment to revitalization ever undertaken in the 132-year history of Campbell Soup Company. In 2001, sales grew three percent to $6.7 billion from $6.5 billion while net earnings fell nine percent to $649 million, or $1.55 per share from $1.65 per share. We can and will do better. Bold action is being taken. This is what our transformation plan is all about.

~3~

~ LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS ~

Transformation Plan-- Building on Strengths
Our plan is about re-energizing a great company, its brands and its people. Although we have stumbled recently, the categories in which we compete have demonstrated solid growth potential. We began to realize some of that potential as we increased investment in 2001 and many of our brands responded in a positive fashion. Going forward, our plan is to continue to significantly increase our investment in a sustained manner to unlock the full potential of our brands and heighten our financial performance over time. Campbell has a firm financial foundation with industry leading margins and strong free cash flow. We have the flexibility to invest for our future to create competitive advantage and still maintain this strong financial profile. We also have the talent necessary to execute this plan with excellence. Our transformation plan is built on five strategies designed to get Campbell back on the winning track.

advertising and exciting innovation will add to our momentum. Over the next three years, we will upgrade the majority of our soup line and substantially increase our marketing support to bring the news to our consumers.

1

2 3
4

Strengthen the broader portfolio for predictable volume and profit growth.
Today, we own a broad portfolio of brands that are first or second in their categories. From Pepperidge Farm Goldfish crackers to Godiva chocolate, one of Belgium's oldest delicacies, we will accelerate innovation and intensify consumer support while maintaining value to grow volume and share.

Begin to build new growth avenues.
We are successfully integrating the European dry soup and sauce brands acquired in May. We now have access to millions of new consumers. Bouillon, instant soup, noodles, dry soups, and sauces are huge consumer behaviors. This new presence will help us grow throughout Europe and pursue new opportunities in attractive markets around the world.

Revitalize U.S. Soup.
Campbell's soups appeal to consumers of all ages and from all walks of life - we outsell the next leading branded soup nearly seven to one. We intend to enhance consumption even further by focusing on five fundamentals: 1) continuing to drive strong Chunky soup growth; 2) stabilizing condensed "eating" soups; 3) accelerating growth in "cooking" soups and broth; 4) introducing more ontrend new products; 5) leveraging our global scale. In 2001, we began to bring this game plan to life and stimulated a five percent growth in consumption of U.S. Soup. Making products more enjoyable for eating and more convenient for cooking will be at the heart of our soup agenda. Superior quality, effective

Drive a quality agenda while continuing to drive productivity.
We have embarked on an unprecedented program to further strengthen the quality of our products and packages. We intend to leverage our technological capabilities to improve quality in a manner that will be difficult for our competitors to match. At the same time, we will maintain our "world class" focus on driving productivity as an important source of funding for growth.

~4~

5

Substantially improve organization excellence and vitality.
After I was elected Chief Executive in January, we designed a new corporate structure that is already enabling clearer focus and improved teamwork throughout the organization. We have staffed it with proven business leaders from within Campbell and from other leading consumer products companies. We are also substantially increasing leadership training and development. To win in the marketplace, we recognize that we must also win in the workplace. We are dedicated to fostering imagination, inspiring innovation and rewarding success.

CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE
I am delighted to have the opportunity to lead the Campbell Board. I look forward to working with my fellow directors and our management team to return Campbell to the ranks of the best performing food companies. During 2001, we have taken important steps to position Campbell for future growth. The first step was the selection in January of Doug Conant as President and Chief Executive Officer. The most important responsibility of a board is the selection of a CEO. The Board conducted an extensive and thorough search to identify a leader with broad experience in consumer products, preferably in the food industry, and a track record for delivering strong business results. We wanted someone with outstanding leadership skills who would set high standards and rally the Campbell team to deliver against those standards. Doug Conant fulfills all those requirements. In a short time frame, Doug concluded a strategic European acquisition, strengthened the leadership team and completed a comprehensive reassessment of the company. Working closely with Doug and his team, the Board has devoted substantial time to help frame and thoroughly understand the proposed plans to rebuild shareowner wealth. We had to confront difficult decisions and we did so with confidence. The Board unanimously approved the strategic transformation plan that was announced in July, and is outlined in this report. We are confident that this plan, which leverages Campbell's brand portfolio, financial foundation and talented team, provides the basis for driving long-term profitable growth. At the end of the fiscal year, Phil Lippincott retired as Chairman. Phil agreed in August 1999 to serve as Chairman for two years, and he did so with distinction. We are enormously grateful to Phil for his strong and steady leadership during a time of significant transition for Campbell. He has been a director since 1984 and will continue to serve on the Board. The Board and the company also owe our considerable gratitude to David Johnson, who served as CEO from March 2000 to January 2001. David came back from his retirement to provide crucial direction and help set the stage for this new chapter in Campbell's distinguished history. Sincerely,

Financial Outlook
The transformation plan we announced in July is a significant and sustained investment strategy. It is focused on increasing marketing in core categories, funding innovation, rebuilding our infrastructure around increased selling capabilities, enhancing research and development and advancing a competitive compensation structure. As we have previously announced, this program will result in approximately a 20 percent reduction in earnings per share in fiscal 2002. In addition, we are committing to significant increases in capital spending to support improved manufacturing technology and growth initiatives. We are also reducing our annual dividend to 63 cents per share -- a rate that is fully competitive with peer companies and which will help maintain our strong financial position. From the base we are establishing in fiscal 2002, we expect to grow our sales at three to four percent annually and earnings per share at eight percent compounded. At Campbell, change is underway. We are committed to transforming this great company and winning again...and, we will. Sincerely,

GEORGE M. SHERMAN Chairman of the Board DOUGLAS R. CONANT President and Chief Executive Officer ~5~

