  DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
In 2015, Calpine delivered its strongest financial performance ever. Outstanding plant operating and safety statistics, opportunistic hedging and increased generation volumes across the fleet resulted in the achievement of $1.976 billion of Adjusted EBITDA and $2.31 of Adjusted Free Cash Flow per share. Most importantly, this represented a 13.8% year-over-year increase in Adjusted Free Cash Flow per share, and our strong cash flows continue to provide us with meaningful capital allocation flexibility. This performance also demonstrates that our unparalleled fleet continues to prove its resilience in any natural gas price environment, and we remain well positioned to benefit from the trends shaping the future of our industry.
Despite this strong operational and financial performance, we would be remiss not to acknowledge our very disappointing share price performance in 2015. The decline appears to have been driven by a variety of factors, including the
broad risk-off posture of equity investors in commodities broadly and energy in particular; the low natural gas price environment and regulatory and power market uncertainties affecting the independent power sector; and finally, overhang from concerns related to turmoil in the high yield debt market. We take little solace from our outperformance within the IPP sector. As we will explain later in this letter, we remain convinced that Calpine’s value proposition not only remains intact but is stronger than ever given the lows in share price we have been experiencing. And we remain determined to create value for you, our shareholders.
2015 ACCOMPLISHMENTS: Returning to our 2015 performance, we are proud of the accomplishments of the Calpine team:
Operations:
• We generated 115 million MWh – the equivalent of powering more than 10 million homes.
• We again delivered top quartile safety performance, signaling our deep commitment to prioritizing safety across our operations.
• We completed construction and commenced commercial operations at our Garrison Energy Center in Delaware and began construction of our York 2 Energy Center in Pennsylvania.
Commercial:
• We originated several long-term contracts across each of our core regions, serving many types of customers with a variety of products.
Calpine’s executive leadership (L-R): Tom Webb, EVP Power Operations; Thad Miller, CLO; Thad Hill, President and CEO; Trey Griggs, EVP Commercial Operations; Zamir Rauf, CFO; Hether Benjamin Brown, CAO.
• Through our acquisition of Champion Energy, we are now closer than ever to our customers, enhancing the sales channel for our wholesale power products and creating a direct source of forward liquidity. We remain excited about the growth opportunities in the Champion platform, having already expanded to additional service areas since closing on the acquisition in October.
Financial:
• We maintained a disciplined capital allocation program, having invested in a balanced mix of organic growth, acquisitions, share repurchases and debt repayment.
• We acquired Granite Ridge Energy Center in
New Hampshire, which strategically increased our footprint in the New England market.
• We continued to return capital to our shareholders, completing $529 million of share repurchases during 2015.
• We opportunistically managed our capital structure, including the refinancing of our corporate term loans, the extension of our revolver and the redemption of $267 million of our higher-priced bonds.
We also continued to invest in our people and our communities, including through our ongoing participation
in and sponsorship of the Astros Foundation, the Houston Marathon, MS 150, Earth Day and many other charitable efforts. Finally, we have remained dedicated as an organization to principled advocacy for competitive wholesale power markets and environmental responsibility, including support for the environmental regulations and reliability initiatives mentioned below, as well as opposition to the efforts of some states to undermine competitive markets.
The addition of Granite Ridge Energy Center, an efficient, combined- cycle power plant in Londonderry, New Hampshire, has strategically increased our presence in the New England market.
  
THE INDUSTRY LANDSCAPE: In 2015, the industry landscape arguably changed more than in any other recent year – the overarching theme of which has been an acceleration of the evolution of America’s power generation resource mix. Nationally, electricity produced from natural gas exceeded that from coal multiple times in 2015, renewable installations again surpassed the preceding year, and many baseload coal and nuclear plants faced mounting economic challenges. Sustained low natural gas prices, environmental regulations and reliability initiatives have driven these changes and will continue to have significant impact on the industry for the foreseeable future. These changes will have long-lasting impact that we firmly believe support the Calpine investment thesis:
Gas Price Environment: The impact of environmental regulations and reliability initiatives on the nation’s resource mix has been greatly compounded by the extended low price of natural gas. This is certainly not the first time that natural gas prices have been low, but what distinguishes this dip has been its duration. Gas prices remained below $3.00/MMBtu for almost the entirety of 2015 and are persisting at these levels into 2016; the last time this occurred over an extended period was during the electric sector deregulation. The consequence of these low prices has been that the economics of coal and some nuclear units have become increasingly threatened. Due to the nature of our fleet, Calpine is relatively gas price agnostic, and we are benefitting in this environment from longer run hours. We believe that this “lower for longer” gas market will further encourage resource retirements as part of an inevitable market supply rationalization.
Environmental Regulations: In the past year, we saw the finalization of Regional Haze rules in Texas and the expression of America’s commitment to global responsibility through its role in the United Nations Climate Change Conference. Coming this spring, compliance extensions
for the Mercury and Air Toxics Standard will expire. The proliferation of these and similar regulations means that those resources that are less environmentally compliant will remain challenged, giving rise to opportunities for natural gas and renewable assets. These new regulations reinforce the value of our clean and flexible power plants as an integral part of the nation’s clean energy future.
Leading the environmental initiative within the U.S., California has signed into law a new 50% renewable energy portfolio standard by 2030, further mandating the state’s resource mix evolution. While this law will be implemented in the years to come, the impact of the renewable shift in California is already apparent: we have observed that Calpine’s flexible and fast-ramping gas fleet has been increasingly utilized as a backstop to frequent fluctuations in renewable output, especially as the solar resource declines rapidly at sunset. As a part of the transition to
the 50% standard, California policy makers are requiring
a statewide look at resource planning. Our California fleet provides invaluable reliability to the grid, and we believe that the integrated process will favorably feature the geographic and operational advantages of our fleet.
Reliability Initiatives: This past year also brought structural adjustments in our core markets that will further impact the resource mix. The most important of these was the introduction of pay-for-performance initiatives in the
Thad Hill, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jack Fusco, Executive Chairman.
Mid-Atlantic and New England. These policies require generators to meet more stringent reliability rules and introduce significant penalties for nonperformance; yet in exchange for the higher operating risk, capacity prices in these regions have meaningfully increased. We anticipate that these initiatives will lead to further changes in the generation supply mix, leaving reliable and flexible gas generators like Calpine to serve the regions’ capacity needs.
THE CALPINE VALUE PROPOSITION IS STRONGER THAN EVER: Each of these factors is individually driving changes to the nation’s resource mix, and the combination
of them will undoubtedly further alter the landscape of our industry through this period of adaptation. We are inherently comfortable operating in these dynamic markets, we are uniquely poised to capitalize on the opportunities that are presented by this transformational environment, and we believe that the companies that own the assets of the future will be rewarded. With decades of useful life remaining and no environmental liabilities looming, our flexible and modern fleet is positioned unlike any other and will benefit from higher capacity prices designed to reward performance, demand for greater production due to retirement of or economic challenges to older dirtier coal plants, revenue opportunities to support the integration of renewable resources, and the increasing need for customer-driven solutions, particularly in the public power and industrial sectors. We will remain focused on creating shareholder value by strong execution of our stable, sustainable strategy: achieving excellence in operations, extending customer relationships and maintaining capital allocation discipline, including managing and improving our balance sheet.
Our philosophy remains unchanged, and we are ready and positioned to navigate the new energy landscape. As the industry evolves, we believe that 2016 will allow us to prove Calpine’s integral role as a part of the energy future. The value of Calpine through this transition will be distinct among our sector, as Calpine will continue to create shareholder value by delivering strong Adjusted Free Cash Flow, prudent, balanced capital allocation and active portfolio management.
Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
      Jack Fusco Executive Chairman
Thad Hill
President
Chief Executive Officer
