 GENERATINGSOLUTIONS forour Shareholders
 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE:
During 2009, amidst challenging macroeconomic conditions and uneven capital markets, Calpine, through a combination of conservative risk management and sound operational, commercial
and financial execution, managed to improve financial performance.
We held Commodity Margin steady, reduced expenses, increased
Adjusted EBITDA by 5%, and improved Adjusted Free Cash Flow to
help maintain strong liquidity, to service our debt, to meet our collateral needs and to fund operations and disciplined growth1.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS: ($ MILLIONS)
Adjusted Ebitda
Adjusted Free Cash Flow Net Income
609 149
495
10
2008 2009 2008 2009
Liquidity
2,379
2,178
2008 2009
1,699
2008
1,782
2009
(Front row) Jack Fusco, CEO. (Back row, left to right) Thad Miller, CLO, Thad Hill, CCO, and Zamir Rauf, CFO.
         National Portfolio of nearly 25,000 MW
       North Region:
3,417 MW
2009 Adj. EBITDA: $220M
                                                           West Region:
7,846 MW
2009 Adj. EBITDA: $959M
Southeast Region:
6,083 MW
2009 Adj. EBITDA: $188M
In Operation - Gas-Fired (61)
In Operation - Geothermal (15) Under Advanced Development (2)
Map does not include Consolidation and Elimination Adjusted EBITDA of $(15)M.
                  Texas Region:
7,392 MW
2009 Adj. EBITDA: $430M
1
         1 Commodity Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Free Cash Flow and Liquidity, as referenced within this document, are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the Investor Relations section of our website for reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures.
1 Calpine 2009 Annual Report
 
 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
When I wrote to you a year ago, my first year at the helm of Calpine, I recognized that in 2009 we would be challenged as an organization and yet was confident we would rise
to the occasion. I am pleased and proud to report that we have exceeded my expectations and surpassed our goals. Our share price improved 51% during the year, and our operating, commer- cial and financial performance metrics demonstrated true progress toward becoming the leading independent power producer in the nation. We were able to do so because our employees remained focused and executed on our mission. They are to be com- mended. This year will be challenging as well. We will remain focused on operating excellence, innovative but conservative commercial execution, environmental leadership and customer satisfaction, while continuing to deliver shareholder value.
2009: MEETING THE CHALLENGE
My goal for Calpine is to be the premier power plant operator
in the industry. Our ability to efficiently and reliably generate power, coupled with the effective implementation of our hedging strategy, enabled us to deliver exceptional results, despite a national power demand decline of approximately 4%. We main- tained Commodity Margin level to 2008, despite a 56% decline in average natural gas prices and similar reduction in wholesale electric prices in markets in which we participate. We realized over $60 million of sustainable savings in controllable expenses, reflecting, among other things, the results of our realignment and business improvement efforts over the course of the year. As a consequence, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Free Cash Flow improved by 5% and 23%, respectively. Importantly, we are holding ourselves accountable for maintaining these savings over the long term. We are not simply “short-term cost cutting” our way through tough economic times.
These financial results demonstrate the culmination of many accomplishments. Here are a few:
2009 POWER OPERATIONS
• Our Otay Mesa Energy Center, an air-cooled combined-cycle gas turbine plant, commenced operations in October 2009 under a ten-year power purchase agreement with San Diego Gas & Electric.
2
Calpine 2009 Annual Report
• We maintained our top-quartile safety performance for the seventh consecutive year with four plants having earned certification as OSHA Star VPP sites, one of the highest safety recognitions available in the industry.
• Across the fleet, we had an astonishing 2.03% forced outage factor, a reduction of 38% from 2008.
2009 COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS
We refocused our efforts on customer origination, with an empha- sis on listening to our customers’ needs and creating solutions for them. As a result, we signed multiple new contracts, including:
• A series of contracts with Pacific Gas & Electric for inter- mediate and peaking generation, as well as baseload renewable geothermal generation from our Geysers to help meet their renewable portfolio standards obligations.
• An innovative agreement with Los Angeles Department of Water and Power to integrate procured renewable wind generation with our quick-responding natural gas-fired generation to provide a firm power supply.
• In the challenging Southeast market, we entered into agreements with the TVA and Entergy.
2009 CORPORATE INITIATIVES
• We made significant progress toward improving our balance sheet and corporate structure, refinanced approximately $3 billion of debt and improved our capital flexibility for the future by issuing new bonds with favorable covenants. We also eliminated near- term maturities, extended our debt maturity profile and improved our liquidity, which approached $2.4 billion as of year-end.
 
 • We initiated organizational efficiency improvements that have resulted in tangible, sustainable benefits. We consolidated office locations and administrative functions and additionally, centralized our procurement processes, generating meaningful cost savings. Finally, we completed the implementation of
an enterprise business system, meaningfully enhancing our accounting and financial reporting.
2010: CONTROLLING OUR DESTINY
By focusing on these initiatives, I believe we will solidify a foundation of growth for Calpine and we will also better prepare ourselves for economic recovery when it does appear. Calpine is uniquely well positioned to benefit from both price and volume expansion when electric markets rebound, as we have the ability to increase our plant output at the same time that power prices improve with minimal additional capital investment.
 Be assured, we will not rest on the laurels
of 2009. Instead, we have prepared
Calpine to weather what appears to be
an equally daunting 2010. Although
some signs of economy-wide stabilization
have appeared, the climb to a robust
recovery will be long and hard fought,
and natural gas and power prices likely
will remain muted. This is why we have
substantially hedged Commodity Margin
for 2010, effectively removing gas price volatilityfromtheportfolio. Inaddition,
we are forging ahead to identify and
execute on new commercial opportuni-
ties, continuing our efforts to deliver
best-in-class plant performance to maximize the efficiency and availability of our existing fleet, and building and strengthening customer relationships to identify solutions that deliver long-term value for both our customers and our organization.
From a growth perspective, we will focus primarily on organic growth opportunities. To support organic growth, we will upgrade select combined cycle turbines to more efficient technology, adding incremental capacity at attractive returns; we have begun geothermal drilling and exploration to increase our generation capability at our Geysers facilities; and, upon regulatory approval, we expect to commence an upgrade project at our Los Esteros Critical Energy Facility, which will transform the existing plant from 188 MW of simple cycle capacity to 308 MW of efficient, combined-cycle capacity. We expect to break ground on Russell City Energy City, a 600 MW combined cycle power plant located in Hayward, California.
A FINAL WORD: HELPING CUSTOMERS
AND THE ENVIRONMENT
We operate in an industry that is in a state of meaningful transition and within an economy that is likewise evolving. I remain convinced that Calpine is uniquely positioned to embrace and profit from the changes afoot. In a future that calls for more sources of cleaner power, Calpine stands out as a leader among its peers: we operate the largest fleet of renewable baseload generation in the country, we operate a natural-gas fleet that is meaningfully cleaner than other fossil fuelsandabletoprovidebaseload,intermediate and peaking supply, and finally, with renewable energy mandates in place or on the horizon, our customers will need natural gas-fired generation
Otay Mesa Energy Center, San Diego, CA
to integrate renewable resources into the grid to maintain reliability. In short, Calpine is a generation ahead, today.
I encourage you to share in our future as we continue to create the premier independent power company in the United States. Thank you for your support.
Very truly yours,
Jack A. Fusco
President and Chief Executive Officer
 3 Calpine 2009 Annual Report
