 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
  Calpine advanced on multiple fronts in 2010:
• We acquired 4,490 MW of generating capacity in the PJM market for approximately $380/kW;
• We opportunistically sold 1,190 MW of generating
capacity in transactions involving two plants and
an undivided interest in another for approximately $800/kW;
Bethlehem Energy Center
• We made attractive investments in our ongoing turbine upgrade program, which, when completed, will result in the addition of 275 MW of new generating capacity at an equivalent installed cost of approximately $200/kW;
• We completed the refinancing of our legacy credit facility, achieving a more balanced maturity profile with more flexible, investment grade-like covenants, giving us additional tools to enhance shareholder value; and
• We delivered more reliable, cost-effective and environmentally responsible energy solutions for our customers.
Our share price increased 21% during the year, versus flat to negative performance by the S&P 500 Utility Index and most of our independent power competitors. We also received a credit rating upgrade from Moody’s Investment Services.
 100 90 80 70
($ millions)
$609
$588
GENERATION VOLUME
(TWh)
2008 2009 2010
ADJUSTED EBITDA
($ millions)
$1,699 $1,782 $1,712
2008 2009 2010
ADJUSTED RECURRING FREE CASH FLOW
$495
     3
Calpine 2010 Annual Report
2008 2009 2010
 
In 2010, our Westbrook Energy Center was recognized
as a Star Worksite under the Voluntary Protection Programs (VPP) of the U.S. Department of Labor’s Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). The VPP Star Certification is OSHA’s highest level of recognition for outstanding worksite health and safety efforts.
   Well positioned for sustained mid-range gas price environment
Carville Energy Center, a 501 MW cogeneration power plant located in St. Gabriel, Louisiana, is one of the plants in our Southeast region that has experienced higher capacity factors in recent years, we believe largely as a result of fundamental changes in the prices of coal and natural gas. We believe Calpine is well positioned to benefit from these dynamics over the long term.
INCREASED UTILIZATION OF SOUTHEAST FLEET
  Carville Energy Center
2007 2008 2009 2010
45% 40% 35% 30% 25% 20% 15% 10%
Delivering Sustainable Energy Solutions to Our Customers
Reliability is important to customer satisfaction. In 2010, we achieved an impressive fleet-wide availability of 91% and starting reliability of 98%. We produced 94 million MWh of electricity, up 3% from 2009 and 6% over 2008.
We also strive to provide our customers with environmentally responsible electricity. Our geothermal facilities at
The Geysers in Northern California generate over 20% of California’s total renewable electricity. Our fleet of natural gas-fired plants (i) has the lowest greenhouse gas footprint (CO2 per MWh) of any major independent power producer in the U.S., (ii) emits no mercury, (iii) utilizes almost no once-through cooling, (iv) produces no ash byproduct, and (v) emits a small fraction of the SO2 and NOx emitted by our competitors.
4
Calpine 2010 Annual Report
 Average Combined Cycle Capacity Factor

  Demonstrating environmental leadership
After acquiring our Mid-Atlantic fleet in July 2010, we voluntarily elected to stop burning coal at the two sites that had historically operated as coal-fired generation facilities. Consistent with the environmental stewardship for which we are known, our decision to convert approximately 340 MW of coal-fired generation to run primarily on natural gas will benefit our communities for years to come.
Edge Moor Energy Center (after) Rendering
   Edge Moor Energy Center (before)
In addition, last year we:
• Converted the two coal-fired units we acquired as part of our PJM transaction to operate on natural gas and dismantled their coal handling capabilities and
• Broke ground on the construction of our 619 MW Russell City Energy Center in California, which will be the first plant in America to operate in effect with greenhouse gas emissions limitations in its air permit, a set of operating conditions we voluntarily agreed to accept.
5
Calpine 2010 Annual Report
 
Freestone Energy Center
  ENHANCING
shareholder value
 Our 2010 sale of a 25% undivided interest in the Freestone Energy Center exemplifies the importance of our focus on strategic origination. Thanks to the efforts of Rick Pena, Sally MacDonald and Micheal Elias, we were able to partner with Rayburn Country Electric Cooperative through a transaction that satisfied Rayburn’s desire to own an interest in a power plant while providing us with the opportunity to monetize value for our shareholders.
6
Calpine 2010 Annual Report
   
The acquisition of our Mid-Atlantic fleet added meaningful value to our portfolio and gave us scale in one of the country’s most robust wholesale power markets. The efforts of Will Stokes, Todd Thornton, Shonnie Daniels, Danita Park and Stacey Peterson were instrumental in completing this successful transaction.
   Delivering Value to Our Owners
In 2010, we enhanced the value of our business in a number of ways. On July 1, we closed on the $1.6 billion acquisition of our PJM portfolio — just 70 days after announcing the transaction — adding nearly 4,500 MW of generating capacity in an attractive market at
an attractive price of about $380/kW. We also sold Blue Spruce and Rocky Mountain, our two plants in Colorado, and an undivided interest in our Freestone plant in Texas at attractive prices of about $800/kW.
In addition, we completed the refinancing of our legacy credit facility. Our new corporate debt structure features fixed annual interest rates ranging from 7.25 – 8.00%, maturities stretching from 2017 to 2023 and no more than $2 billion maturing in any one year. This new structure has covenants similar to those found in investment grade financings and affords us flexibility to allocate capital in ways that provide the best returns to shareholders.
Finally, we continued to reduce plant operating expenses and administrative costs. By the end of 2010, we had surpassed the $100 million savings target that we set at the beginning of 2009.
In 2010, we successfully monetized assets through the sale of our power plants in Colorado, a non-core market, and the sale of an undivided interest in our Freestone Energy Center, located in the North Zone of ERCOT. We redeployed this capital through the acquisition of our Mid-Atlantic fleet, which added nearly 4,500 MW of generation capacity in the strategically targeted PJM region.
$800
2010 Divestitures 2010 Acquisitions
 $380
     We continue to make progress with our turbine upgrade program, which allows us to improve unit efficiencies and add incremental generation capacity at a significant discount to the cost of new build generation. We perform these upgrades in concert with our ongoing plant maintenance cycle to minimize the costs of the upgrades and prioritize availability for our customers. Through January 2011, we had upgraded six of our Siemens turbines and have commit- ted to upgrade 15 more of our Siemens and GE turbines over the balance of the program. When complete, the turbine upgrades are expected to add approximately 275 MW of very efficient generation capacity to our portfolio.
 7
Calpine 2010 Annual Report
 ($ / kW)

Plant Manager Mike Del Casale oversaw the 29-month construction of York Energy Center and now looks forward to the opportunity to manage its operations.
 York Energy Center
 INVESTING
in the future
 The York Energy Center is a 565 MW combined-cycle power
plant located in Peach Bottom Township, Pennsylvania. We acquired this plant in 2010 as part of our strategic entry into the PJM market while the plant was still under construction. In March 2011, York achieved commercial operation ahead of schedule and under its project budget. Starting in June 2011, the output from the plant will be delivered to the customer of a six-year power purchase agreement.
8
Calpine 2010 Annual Report
   
MAINTAINING UTILIZATION, WITH ROOM FOR MORE
We have maintained steady fleet utilization factors over the past several years. That being said, our plants are capable of producing much more. As a result, unlike many of our peers whose plants tend to operate as baseload generation, we stand in a position to benefit from higher generation volume driven by power demand recovery: we have available capacity to respond to growing needs for power — no incremental investment is necessary.
 100% 80% 60% 40% 20% 0%
2007 2008 2009 2010
  Delivering in the Future
Economic growth, and with it, electricity demand growth,
have returned to Calpine’s markets. However, attractive
electricity supply and demand balances in those markets
may be another year or two away. In the meantime, we
will continue to enhance Calpine’s competitive position
through even better execution in operations, commercial relations and capital allocation.
Sutter Energy Center
Looking beyond this period, we expect Calpine to benefit from both better electricity pricing and increased utilization of our power plants. In the East and Southeast, the aging U.S. power generation fleet — with many plants 40–50 years old — may experience significant retirements due to higher coal prices and lower natural gas prices, coupled with the cost of major maintenance and capital improvements. Our fleet of modern, efficient, environmentally responsible natural gas-fired power plants, which were only 46% utilized in 2010, is well positioned to fill the void created by those retirements. Intermittent renewable sources of electricity like wind and solar cannot offer the
same reliable solution at attractive prices or in scale, and economically viable new nuclear, coal gasification, carbon capture and sequestration or battery storage solutions are not in sight. So, even in the absence of new environmental regulations, our business is well positioned for growth. Add to that EPA’s implementation of existing legislation related to NOx, SO2 and hazardous air pollutants and the future looks even better.
Despite our optimism about the future, there continue to be challenges. In particular, industry regulators’ and power market operators’ efforts to circumvent or channel market forces to dampen electricity pricing signals continue to require vigilance. In addition, although the vast new finds of shale gas in the U.S. promise less volatile and mid-range natural gas prices for the foreseeable future, the politics of coal and renewables continue to tempt legislators and regulators away from allowing the market to optimize solutions.
In closing, we are pleased with our performance in 2010 in what was still a tough power market environment.
But more importantly, we are excited about Calpine’s future. We stand well positioned to benefit from economic recovery, coal-to-gas switching and retirement of older power plants, and we can generate significant additional power in response to these dynamics with virtually no incremental investment. We will continue to look for attractive
9
Calpine 2010 Annual Report
Average Capacity Factor
 
Zion Energy Center
  opportunities to economically enhance our asset base. And we will continue to take advantage of financially attractive organic growth investment opportunities like our turbine upgrade program, our recently completed York Energy Center, and our Russell City Energy Center and Los Esteros Critical Energy Facility construction projects. We believe that these efforts will continue to keep us a generation ahead, today.
We thank you for your support of Calpine. Sincerely,
J. Stuart Ryan Jack Fusco
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
     The people of Calpine Corporation fondly remember and celebrate the life of William J. Patterson, the Chairman of our Board of Directors from January 2008 until he passed away on September 24, 2010.
Bill was a gentleman, an astute investor, a philanthropist and a great supporter of Calpine, its employees and Calpine’s commitment to provid- ing America with sustainable electric power generation. Bill’s leadership, guidance and advice helped transform Calpine into a successful public company able to make a meaningful contribution to the country’s and California’s energy future. Bill’s imprint on Calpine is indelible.
The Calpine family extends our heartfelt condolences to Bill’s wife and his family as they and we celebrate Bill’s life.
 10
Calpine 2010 Annual Report
 