  Fellow Shareholders,
Calpine continues to capitalize on America’s shift toward greater utilization of cleaner and more affordable power generated by modern, efficient and flexible natural gas-fired power plants.
This secular shift represents the culmination of a series of transformational forces that have been driving the power generation industry for a decade:
• America stands to benefit from an abundant and affordable supply of clean-burning, domestic natural gas as a result of technological advancements in drilling. Calpine’s power plants are reliable and efficient and have a competitive cost advantage in most markets. Meanwhile, nuclear and coal-fired power plants are challenged in this sustained low natural gas price environment.
•America’s electricity infrastructure is old and in need of more than $1 trillion of new investment. Older coal- and oil-fired power plants are facing retirement due to the prohibitive cost of required environmental upgrades, as well as the challenging economics of aging, inefficient plants.
• Permitting and siting issues are expensive and add signifi- cant time to the power plant development cycle. This effectively creates a barrier to entry for a number of years, benefiting our existing portfolio as the economy recovers.
• Finally, as grid operators seek to integrate intermittent renewable power from wind and solar – especially in California – the flexibility of our existing power plants should realize greater value by providing reliable, dispatchable electricity.
Our clean, efficient, modern and flexible fleet is uniquely positioned to benefit from these trends. In short, Calpine is double-levered to economic recovery as our volume of electricity produced rises and electricity prices increase due to increasing demand and reductions in supply from retiring coal, oil and nuclear units.
With these favorable secular trends as our backdrop, we remain committed to further enhancing Calpine’s position as a leader in the industry, with particular focus on the following management priorities.
Premier Power Generation Company
2012 was a breakout year for Calpine – our combined-cycle plant utilization rate (known as capacity factor) was 52%, up nearly 23% over 2011 and the highest it has been in a decade. Our fleet generated a record 116 billion kWh of electricity, making us one of the nation’s largest suppliers of wholesale electricity. Despite increased generation, we decreased our major maintenance cost and held the line
on operating expenses, due in large part to our continued focus on operational excellence and preventive maintenance, which yielded our lowest ever fleetwide forced outage factor. Our employees achieved these accomplishments while continuing to demonstrate Calpine’s strong commitment
to workplace safety.
Improving Operations while Increasing Generation
 120
105
90
75
60
4.0
3.0
2.0
1.0
0.0
 2008
2009
Generation
2010
2011
2012
  In 2012, Calpine produced approximately 116 billion kWh of affordable, reliable electricity for our customers, making us one of the nation’s largest suppliers of wholesale power.
Our pride in the Calpine team doesn’t stop at these on-the-job feats. We kicked off an employee wellness initiative that has already improved the lives of our employees and the commu- nities in which we live and operate. Calpine’s community involvement reached new heights last year, as we sponsored 86 cyclists in the MS150 race from Houston to Austin and 121 runners in the Houston Marathon and Half-Marathon. When combined with our ongoing work with holiday drives, food banks, Earth Day, Astro’s Community Leaders and other simi- lar efforts throughout the company, these initiatives enabled us to contribute more than $1 million to our communities in 2012.
Our thanks and congratulations go out to the entire Calpine team for all of these achievements.
Forced Outage Factor
KWh (billion)
FOF (%)

  Bosque Energy Center, Texas
Market Advocacy
Calpine is committed to advancing the principles of competitive wholesale power markets. We advocate at the federal and state levels for market-driven solutions in wholesale capacity and energy markets that result in nondiscriminatory, transpar- ent forward price signals in order to encourage economic investment in affordable, flexible, clean and reliable electric supply. During 2012, our advocacy efforts concentrated on:
• Preserving competitive organized markets that prevent discrimination between new and existing generation and create stable pricing signals that encourage necessary investment
• Preventing the proliferation of subsidized generation and instead allowing the markets (not administrators) to select “winners”, and
• Leveling the playing field between generation resources and demand response providers, who are currently subject to less stringent performance requirements yet receive similar compensation.
Russell City Energy Center, California
We have made progress on some fronts and while others progress more slowly, there is momentum in the right direction, and we are committed to being at the forefront of advocacy on these issues in 2013.
Capital Allocation
We have committed to be good stewards of your capital. Last year, Calpine built upon its track record of effective capital allocation on all fronts, including asset monetization, divestiture and acquisition, disciplined growth and share repurchases. Along these lines, we:
• Divested at attractive prices two power plants in South Carolina and Wisconsin for approximately $825 million, resulting in a $222 million gain
• Acquired the 800 MW Bosque Energy Center in Texas
for $432 million, a significant discount to replacement cost
• Advanced the construction and development of five projects totaling approximately 1,600 MW of efficient combined-cycle capacity in California, Texas and Delaware, which we expect to come online between 2013 and 2015
• Repurchased for $600 million approximately 7.25%
of our common stock (from November 2011 to January 2013), and
• Preserved Calpine’s financial flexibility and strength
by maintaining a healthy balance sheet, robust liquidity (approximately $2.3 billion at the end of 2012) and minimal near-term debt maturities.
We also announced that we are targeting Adjusted Free Cash Flow Per Share growth of 15 – 20% compounded annually. Our capital allocation decisions will be centered around this goal.
Looking to 2013, our efforts will remain concentrated on these three management priorities – continuously improving the premier power generation company, advancing competi- tive electricity markets and optimizing capital allocation – which we believe are imperative to our success. We are resolved to focus on what we do best, which is operating natural gas-fired and geothermal power plants. In doing so, we will be innovative, opportunistic and nimble, and we will strive to maintain our competitive edge.
Thank you for your continued support of Calpine. Sincerely,
J. Stuart Ryan Jack A. Fusco
Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer
    