to our shareholders, customers, partners and employees

For Compaq, 2000 was a year of significant progress ­ one in which we built a solid foundation for profitable growth. The energy and enthusiasm of our employees were higher than ever. Customer acceptance of our technology and solutions continued to grow. And we accelerated our financial and market momentum.
It all added up to a solid operating performance: 1 · Revenue was up 10 percent. · Gross margin was up almost one percentage point. · Operating expenses were down more than three percentage points. · Operating profit was up more than threefold. · Earnings per share more than tripled from 1999. As we ended the year, the most important driver of our success was our enterprise business ­ particularly our high-end storage and server businesses. This reflected the increasing number of enterprise customers ­ from small businesses to the largest global corporations ­ who are turning to Compaq for the technology and solutions they need to win in the marketplace. You will see proof points of this success throughout this annual report, but I want to highlight a few of them here: · Compaq supports 14 of the 15 largest stock exchanges worldwide. · We are the number one provider of Web servers. · We shipped more than one million servers in 2000, giving us 27 percent market share worldwide. · We shipped more storage capacity than the next two companies combined. · We were ranked number one in the highest measure of system availability. · And we took over the number one spot in high-performance technical computing. You will see examples throughout this report of how we are working with telecommunications companies to accelerate the wireless revolution; how we are supporting groundbreaking advances in genomics and other areas of scientific research; and how we are making the Internet a valuable business tool for companies of all sizes. You will also see examples of how we're breaking new ground in Internet access, from our desktop and notebook PCs to the next generation of Internet devices. Customers are turning to us because we are differentiating Compaq in three important ways.

5

Innovative products We have solidified Compaq's reputation as a leader in innovation. And it's the most important kind of innovation: innovation that enables customer success. Integrated solutions Customers today want to do business with companies that can deliver the products, services and partnerships that make up a solution. And Compaq is one of the few companies that can put it all together on a global scale ­ building on the strength of Compaq Global Services and our broad global alliances. Global delivery Our worldwide sales team ­ including our resellers and other distribution partners ­ has never been stronger or more focused. Because our products and services are sold in more than 200 countries, we're able to serve the needs of our customers wherever they do business. As a result, we're expanding our leadership in such key markets as telecommunications, financial services, life sciences, e-government, service providers, and media and entertainment. Most important of all, we're delivering profitable growth. Year 2000 ­ Building the foundation 2000 was a year in which Compaq really began to deliver consistent performance and continuously improved execution. Our business model is working.

Three things in particular stand out about our performance. First, we increased revenue and gross margin while also reducing operating expenses. As a result, we increased revenue by almost $4 billion over 1999 and grew operating profit 1 by nearly $2 billion. In other words, we were able to drive about half of our revenue growth straight to the bottom line. One major factor was the turnaround in our commercial PC business. Returning this business to profitability was one of our top priorities in 2000, and we did it ahead of schedule. The result: a $750 million year-over-year improvement in operating profit and a business model focused on leadership in innovation and long-term, profitable growth. Second, we demonstrated the depth and breadth of our technology and solutions portfolio. Even though the United States PC market weakened in the fourth quarter, we were able to deliver solid year-over-year improvement because of the increasing strength of our high-end server and storage businesses and the solid profitability of our services business. In fact, our enterprise businesses represented more than half of our revenue and nearly 90 percent of business segment operating profit in 2000.
1

Operating results exclude net investment income (loss), restructuring and related activities and gain on sale of businesses.

6

And third, we demonstrated the power of our global balance. During the fourth quarter, 58 percent of our revenues came from outside the United States. This strong international presence offset the year-end weakness in the United States. Looking ahead, we see significant opportunities to grow our business around the world. Overall, I'm pleased with the progress we made in 2000. Compaq has built a balanced, highly competitive business model ­ a business model that reflects our leadership as a global enterprise company. This gives us a solid foundation for growth. But we have more to do. We want to accelerate growth, continue to increase gross profit margins and make our cost structure and supply chain more efficient. We want to make Compaq Global Services a competitive weapon, building on our strengths in solutions integration and business critical support. We want to take advantage of our significant strengths in high-end systems, software and storage. And we want to accelerate our global expansion while continuing to improve our execution. If we do these things ­ and I am confident that we will ­ we will create greater value for our shareholders as well as for our customers, partners and employees. Innovation Of all that we have accomplished, I'm most proud of our record of innovation. When I became CEO,

I challenged the Compaq team to cut product development cycles in half and to drive innovation across our products and services. They delivered. Our new iPAQ Pocket PC sets the standard for handheld devices with its innovative design, bright display and flexible expansion packs. We also added other new products to the iPAQ family in 2000, including an easy-to-use home Internet appliance, a small personal audio player with the highest quality sound I've ever heard from such a device, a wireless home network gateway and a handheld device that provides always-on, wireless access to corporate e-mail. These products are all part of our effort to define the next generation of Internet access. On the infrastructure side, we introduced the AlphaServer GS series, which represented a breakthrough in system architecture and performance. We added to our family of TaskSmart appliance servers to handle specialized tasks rapidly and efficiently. We delivered a thin, two-processor server that can be deployed quickly by service providers and corporate data centers. And we introduced a variety of innovative storage solutions, from storage management software to storage utilities that let customers get the storage they need, when they need it. We also continued to innovate in Web-based services. Our Services @ Click Speed gives customers and partners instant access to

7

everything from installation and set up to management and troubleshooting. This e-services program is just one example of how Compaq is fulfilling our vision of "everything to the Internet." A year ago this vision was a rallying cry. Today it is embedded in our culture. During 2000, we introduced an e-tracking system that lets customers track their orders on the Web from first entry to delivery. We're also deploying Global Business Exchanges in partnership with Commerce One. In this e-procurement marketplace, customers can buy Compaq products online and add other suppliers to the exchange without having to build customized extranets with each of their vendors. In addition, we joined with some of our competitors and supply chain partners to establish Converge, an independent, online marketplace for the high-tech industry. Through Converge, members use the Internet to manage their supply chains more efficiently, improve product and service delivery and increase customer satisfaction. Compaq is now a leader in using the Web to drive more of our business and to enhance our relationships with customers. In fact, in its annual survey, InformationWeek magazine ranked Compaq as one of the three most innovative users of information technology.

Pervasive information Innovation is vital to our success because information technology is being transformed at an ever-increasing pace ­ and we want to help drive that transformation. The world we see emerging is a world of pervasive information in which billions of Internet access devices will make growing demands on the Internet infrastructure. Computing, communications and data are converging in a way that allows people to access information and make transactions and decisions in real time. One of the big drivers will be wireless communications. Market analysts expect the number of wireless Internet access devices to grow to one billion or more in the next three years ­ and that's probably conservative. Users will expect more than just weather reports, sports scores and stock market updates. They will demand richer, interactive content, streaming audio and video, peer-to-peer networking and personalized, location-based services. Most people believe that commerce will drive the growth of the Internet. But I have a contrarian view. I believe that content will lead commerce. That's why you see us building strong alliances with industry-leading content companies such as America Online, the Walt Disney Company, Yahoo! and Microsoft.

8

Edge of the Web On the access side, users will be able to choose from a wide variety of devices with different forms and functions, advanced user interfaces ­ like voice recognition ­ and embedded services. The lines between business and personal computing will disappear because users will want access to all of their information, wherever they are. On the infrastructure side, there is a growing need for huge data stores to manage all of the content and transactions in real time. But more and more of the content delivery will move to the edge of the Web. We define the edge of the Web as the place where access and infrastructure meet. It is not so much a physical space as a virtual space that is closer to the user. This means content and services can be delivered more quickly and reliably and with greater personalization. We believe that the edge of the Web is where the action is going to be and that Compaq is uniquely positioned to be the leader. We deliver the access devices ­ from desktop PCs to our growing iPAQ family of Internet devices and appliances. We're the undisputed leader in industry standard servers, which form the foundation of computing at the edge of the Web. We provide the database and transaction engines ­ as well as the storage systems ­ that

are the backbone of the Internet infrastructure. We have the best-in-class partnerships and global services that help tie it all together. As a result, we deliver the comprehensive solutions our customers need. Continuous transformation We live in a world of continuous transformation. Companies must continue to evolve their strategies to adapt to rapidly changing market and new opportunities. It's true for Compaq, and it's true for our customers. At Compaq, we have a real opportunity to extend our leadership into the new world of pervasive information by defining computing and communications at the edge of the Web while building on our traditional strengths in infrastructure and access. The result will be a company that is increasing value for shareholders, creating new opportunities for employees, expanding business with our partners and delivering on our commitment to customer success.

Michael D. Capellas
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

9

