letter to shareholders

It's up to us.

Dear Shareholder: The year 2008 proved to be much more challenging for Crane Co. than we anticipated at this time last year. The first half of 2008 was consistent with our expectations, and we posted record first and second quarter earnings despite seeing a pronounced decline in demand from our recreational vehicle OEM customers in late spring. Late in the third quarter, we began to see a sharp decline in order activity across many parts of our businesses that accelerated in subsequent months. The performance of our business segments in this difficult environment was mixed, with three segments -- Fluid Handling (our largest segment), Merchandising Systems and Controls -- leveraging revenue increases into improved operating profits for the year before restructuring charges. I was disappointed that we did not anticipate the magnitude of the decline in the recreational vehicle and transportation end markets in our Engineered Materials segment, and that we experienced further delays and overspending for new products for the Boeing 787 jetliner in our Aerospace & Electronics segment. Earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis declined from $3.19 in 2007 to $2.93 in 2008. On a GAAP basis, which includes a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter and other items, we reported earnings per share of $2.24 in 2008. As a result of the downturn in the economy, we have taken significant actions to reduce our costs. During 2008, we reduced the number of employees in our Engineered Materials business by 34% and in Merchandising Systems by 14%. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we embarked on a Restructuring Program to align the Company's cost base to market conditions through actions that include several facility consolidations and headcount reductions. We recorded a $25.7 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter related to the Restructuring Program, and we anticipate additional after-tax charges totalling $10 million in 2009 as we complete the program and integrate our Krombach acquisition. We

3

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer, left, participating in a Kaizen event at the Company's facility in Williston, South Carolina.

expect to realize significant benefits from our Restructuring Program. When combined with an anticipated reduction in engineering spending and other general cost reduction efforts, we estimate that pretax year-over-year savings will approach $75 million in 2009. These savings should help offset the impact of an uncertain economy in 2009. Our Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 11% to $.20 per share in July, and total dividends paid during 2008 were $.76 per share. We repurchased 2.3 million shares of our common stock for $60 million. Building Sustainable Value The Company is well positioned given the current credit crisis and sharp downturn in economic activity. Over the past several years, we have been very disciplined in our acquisitions and allocation of capital, which has resulted in a continuing strong balance sheet with excellent liquidity. At year end, we had cash on hand of $232 million, our debt-to-capital ratio was 36%, our $300 million revolving line of credit that extends to 2012 remains fully available, and the first maturity of our long-term debt occurs in 2013. We are maintaining our customer-facing resources, our operational excellence programs are continuing, and we have an aggressive new product introduction schedule. Our businesses are materially stronger than they were three years ago with stronger management teams and improved customer metrics. Our strategy for profitable growth is not changing, and we are focusing on building sustainable value in our businesses. Our liquidity gives us an unprecedented opportunity to gain market share, and we are determined to leverage our strengths during this downturn. Our strategic focus on high cash flow businesses provides us with cash at a time when the credit markets are challenging. We have the financial capability to make strategic acquisitions that can materially strengthen existing businesses and to invest in growth initiatives that can increase our Economic Value Added (EVA) metric. But making the investment or the acquisition is only the beginning. We also have talented people who can make an acquisition successful or a growth initiative take hold. The Crane Business System serves as a compass to direct and measure our progress, and our core values of honesty and ethical business conduct focus us on making the right decisions and taking the right actions to build sustainable value. Nothing is standing in our way; it's up to us. A number of growth initiatives were begun in 2008, some of which are described later in this Annual Report. We have strengthened our sales and marketing efforts around the

world, including opening a sales office in Dubai. We consummated two strategic acquisitions within the Fluid Handling segment for less than one times sales in the second half of 2008, and we acquired significant intellectual property that enhances our Merchandising Systems segment's wireless solutions. In September, we acquired Delta Fluid Products Limited, located in the U.K., a leading designer and manufacturer of regulators and fire safe valves for the gas industry, and safety valves and air vent valves for the building services market, for a purchase price of approximately $28 million in cash on a debt free basis. The business is complementary to our Building Services and Utilities business, based in the U.K. and serving global markets. Delta's full-year 2008 sales were $39 million. In December, we acquired The Krombach Group, a leading manufacturer of specialty valve flow solutions for the power, oil and gas, and chemical markets, with headquarters in Germany and manufacturing plants in Germany, Slovenia and China. The purchase price was $51 million in cash plus the assumption of $17 million in net debt, and full-year 2008 sales were approximately $100 million. Both the Delta and Krombach acquisitions are expected to be modestly accretive to earnings in 2009. Crane places a priority on environmental management programs and policies throughout the corporation and we incorporate them as essential elements of the business plan of each business unit. We believe that green initiatives are an important part of building sustainable value, both for us and for our customers, and consonant with our historical insistence on the highest ethical standards ­ doing what is right. We are working to improve the operation of our facilities through the efficient use of energy and sustainable use of renewable resources, and we are striving to minimize adverse environmental impact through waste reduction, recycling and responsible waste disposal. At the same time, we acknowledge our responsibility to address past waste disposal practices, and we took an after-tax charge of $16 million for additional remediation actions due to changed site conditions at the former manufacturing location in Goodyear, Arizona.
10% 25% 15%

4

Aerospace and Electronics

Merchandising Systems

Engineered Materials

Fluid Handling

Controls

2008 net sales | $2.6 billion

5%

· · · · ·

Aerospace & Electronics | $638.7 million Engineered Materials | $255.4 million Merchandising Systems | $401.6 million Fluid Handling | $1,161.9 million Controls | $146.8 million

45%

2008 Financial Results In 2007 and 2008, sales were $2.6 billion. Our flat sales reflected a 2% reduction of core volume which offset the impact of three acquisitions and slightly favorable foreign exchange. Sales increased in four of our five segments, with Aerospace & Electronics increasing 2%; Merchandising Systems 3%; Fluid Handling 2%; and Controls 9%. Engineered Materials sales declined 23%, reflecting severely depressed end markets for recreational vehicles and transportation. Operating profit in 2008 was $197 million compared to a loss of $108 million in 2007. Excluding special items in each year, which included a significant asbestos charge in 2007, operating profit declined 9% to $263 million compared to $290 million in 2007 excluding special items. Aerospace & Electronics operating profit was reduced by 35% primarily because of higher engineering spending for investment in new programs and technology for future aircraft. Engineered Materials operating profit declined 60% because of lower sales. Operating profit at Merchandising Systems, Fluid Handling and Controls increased 14%, 18%, and 20%, respectively, reflecting effective leverage of modestly increased sales.

2009 Outlook Our 2009 earnings per share guidance of $2.10 - $2.40 reflects considerable uncertainty about the global economy and the timing and ultimate impact of worldwide fiscal and monetary stimulus packages. Free cash flow is expected to exceed the $146 million achieved in 2008. The guidance anticipates a core revenue decline of 7%, reflects headwinds from pension expense of $20 million year-over-year and significant unfavorable foreign exchange, and assumes an estimated annual tax rate of approximately 30%. The guidance includes expected additional after-tax charges in 2009 of approximately $10 million related to the Restructuring Program and integration costs associated with the Krombach acquisition. The guidance also assumes a significant reduction in the Aerospace Group's engineering spending, reflecting the completion of significant program milestones. Our earnings in the first half of 2009 are expected to be substantially lower than the second half of the year reflecting the very difficult current economic conditions and because the full benefit of the cost savings initiatives, restructuring efforts and the anticipated reduction in Aerospace engineering spending will not be realized until the latter part of 2009. As a company that was founded in 1855, we have faced severe economic downturns before. I am confident that we have the strategy, the tactics and the financial flexibility to negotiate this rapidly changing business and economic landscape. I believe that change brings opportunity and that we have the strengths to build long-term sustainable value for our customers, shareholders and employees. I would like to thank all of our stakeholders for their loyalty to Crane, especially our employees who are making extra efforts every day to meet the extraordinary challenges we continue to face. In addition, I would like to recognize the time and significant contributions of our outstanding Board of Directors.

Long-term Strategy Remains Unchanged Crane Co. is a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered industrial products with substantial presence in focused niche markets. Our businesses have strong returns and excess cash flow. We remain committed to the values of our founder, R.T. Crane, to conduct business "in the strictest honesty and fairness; to avoid all deception and trickery; to deal fairly with both customers and competitors; to be liberal and just toward employees, and to put my whole mind upon the business." While the world has changed in recent months, our strategic direction has not changed. Our objective is to grow EVA by continuing to transition into a more integrated operating company with a common business system. We create value for our shareholders by materially strengthening our businesses through leveraging intellectual capital, improving customer focus and executing on our operational excellence program; by creating strategic linkages among our businesses via internal mergers and portfolio trimming; and by using strong free cash flow to make strategic acquisitions for our existing businesses.

5

Sincerely,

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer february 23, 2009

