Dear Shareholder, Throughout this report, I invite you to read and learn about our success in 2011 and the roles that our businesses played in that accomplishment. In this letter, I particularly want to explain to you how we have built a stronger Crane Co. and what that means for our future. We believe this explanation is relevant not only to shareholders, but also to customers, employees, suppliers and the communities in which we operate. Our strong foundation can be summarized as follows: We adhere to the highest ethical standards set out by our founder more than 150 years ago. These standards are an integral part of the culture of Crane Co. We have a portfolio of niche manufacturing businesses producing highly engineered products. We have leading market shares in many of our markets, including brake controls (Aerospace & Electronics), fiberglass reinforced plastic for recreational vehicles (Engineered Materials), North American vending (Merchandising Systems) and certain critical process valve applications (Fluid Handling), reflecting in large part our ability to develop custom or proprietary technologies. We have invested a significant portion of our excess cash flow in acquisitions, divested smaller units that were not strategic, and internally merged operations to strengthen our businesses. Businesses acquired since 1998 accounted for about 45 percent of our 2011 sales. The Crane Business System has matured and become more finely tuned, and our intellectual capital process has made our people more motivated and skilled than ever before. Our culture of continuous improvement is a crucial part of the strong fabric of our Company and has contributed to productivity gains and better response to the Voice of the Customer. While building an integrated operating company, we have invested in research and development, sales and marketing and ERP systems -- wherever we saw a chance to grow profitable sales while leveraging our existing facilities. During the downturn that began in 2008, we significantly reduced costs, and at the same time, used our financial strength to stay on offense and invest heavily in our businesses. In essence, we saved to invest. We expanded our global coverage with an emphasis on emerging markets, developed new products, and focused our businesses on vertical end markets. Concurrently, we largely completed several major Aerospace development programs and the consolidation of our North American vending businesses, as well as our Engineered Materials operations. Our customer metrics are strong, and on-time delivery, quality and safety are everyday concerns of "Everyone, Everywhere" at Crane. We hold hundreds of Kaizen events a year aimed at continuous improvement of these metrics, as well as our processes, cost structure and responsiveness to customers. One aspect of our strengthened Company that deserves special note is the way we are reaching our markets. We have focused our sales and marketing efforts by vertical markets, enabling us to deepen our knowledge of customer needs and to bundle products from a number of our brands for identified target projects.

6

Strong foundation, strong performance.
In 2011, we recorded two Special Items which provided additional information about expected future expenditures. Greater stability in annual asbestos claims and settlements allowed us to extend the time horizon of our estimate of asbestos liability from 2017 to 2021, resulting in a $157 million charge to income, net of insurance and taxes. In addition, we increased our estimated Goodyear, Arizona, Superfund environmental liability by $20 million after taxes and extended its time horizon from 2014 to 2016. Excluding Special Items* in 2011, earnings per share increased 32% over the prior year to $3.43 per share, significantly exceeding our expectations from a year ago. We were pleased that our full year operating margin reached 12.3%, and we now expect to achieve our 13% operating margin goal in 2012. For 2012, sales are expected to increase 3%-5%, including a core sales increase of 5%-6%, partially offset by expected headwinds from foreign exchange. EPS is expected to be in a range of $3.75 to $3.95, and free cash flow is expected to be a range of $160 - $190 million. As part of our balanced capital deployment policy, we raised our quarterly dividend 13% in the third quarter to $.26 per share from $.23 per share and also returned cash to shareholders through the repurchase of $80 million of our stock. In addition, we made a discretionary pension fund contribution of $30 million. Once again, I would like to acknowledge that our Company performance is a team effort for which our 11,000 employees around the world must share the credit. I am proud of the way we pulled together in difficult times and built a stronger company with a brighter future. I would also like to thank our Board of Directors for their many contributions and invaluable advice, with a special thank you to Dorsey R. Gardner who is retiring from the Board after twenty-eight years of distinguished service.

Sincerely,

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer february 27, 2012

*Special Items are described in the Non-GAAP table on page 3 and in Form 10-K.

7

