C HAIRMAN ' S L ETTER

TO

S HAREHOLDERS

Dear Shareholder: For Crane, 2000 was a year of mixed accomplishment, marked by significant progress on a number of fronts despite softness in many markets that resulted in lower sales.This progress was exemplified by a turnaround in the Fluid Handling segment, a resurgence in Aerospace and a 32% increase in year-end backlog. Earnings held up well in 2000, despite some disappointments, and fourth-quarter results were solid, even with the economy clearly weakening. For the year, diluted earnings per share rose to $2.02 from $1.50 in 1999.The 2000 results include a $.26 gain, primarily from the highly profitable sale of the company's minority investment in Powec A.S., a Norwegian telecommunications power supply maker. The $1.50 figure for 1999 includes a $.03 gain from an asset sale and special charges of $.33 per share (mainly in Fluid Handling for plant closures and product line rationalization). Operating margins, at 12.3%, dipped slightly below the 13.2% margins achieved in 1999 before special charges, in part because of losses at three companies. The price of Crane's stock appreciated 43% in 2000 as the market recognized the value of businesses that generated real and sustainable earnings and cash flow. Leveraging Crane's Financial Strength The current business environment is challenging, as the U.S. economy weakens, but Crane is well positioned for growth in both sales and earnings in 2001. Some of our most important markets are actually strengthening, most notably the markets for our commercial aerospace, fluid handling and merchandising systems businesses. As noted, our backlog is up substantially. Our balance sheet is strong, and our debt-to-capital ratio, at 26.4%, is not only down from 34.3% at year-end 1999 but is at the lowest level in many years. By design, our companies generate a great deal of cash -- indeed, cash earnings (income from continuing operations plus amortization of goodwill and intangibles) were $144 million versus 1999's $122 million. Cash flow from operating activities exceeding $150 million a year enabled us to invest in a number of ways beneficial to Crane and its shareholders. We invested $30 million in our existing businesses. We acquired two small businesses for approximately $12 million: Streamware, a developer of software for the vending industry ($8.5 million), and Groth Corporation's Valve Repair Division, which expands our valve servicing presence in the key Houston market ($3.4 million). Near year-end, we also announced an agreement to purchase Alfa Laval's Industrial Flow Group, a leading maker of diaphragm valves and pumps, for $47 million, a deal expected to close by the end of April 2001. We repurchased 2.9 million shares of stock -- 5% of the outstanding shares -- at a cost of $60.6 million, and paid dividends of $24.3 million. We also spent $70.0 million to pay down debt -- a good thing going into difficult economic times. Progress in Critical Areas More than a year ago, we identified three critical, interrelated areas in which Crane needed to make solid and continuing progress: intellectual capital, customer focus and operational excellence. All of our companies have accepted that challenge.

2 Crane Co / 2000 Annual Report

Intellectual capital -- We are strong believers in development and training, and we are working to improve the quality, depth and continuity of management, and the skills of employees at all levels. In 2000, we appointed a new chief financial officer, a new controller, an operational excellence leader, and new heads of corporate development and human resources, all but one, promotions from within. We named a new group head in Controls, strengthened our leadership in Fluid Handling and appointed seven business unit presidents. Through participation in the Six Sigma program in recent years, we have trained six "master black belts" and 44 "lean black belts" who are applying their analytical and problem-solving skills to our diverse businesses. We will continue to develop our intellectual capital aggressively through training and career development programs. Customer Focus -- We are doing a better job of identifying our customer needs and measuring how well we are really meeting those needs, and we are holding our businesses accountable for improving performance, particularly on three key metrics: on-time delivery, lead times, and quality. Operational Excellence -- All our companies are working aggressively to squeeze costs out of their manufacturing and business processes, improve product and service quality and make it easier to do business with Crane.The key metrics for operational excellence are operating profit margins and inventory turns. Many of our businesses have launched e-commerce initiatives, and most are finding new ways to leverage their investments in enterprise resource planning systems. Excellence is a moving target, but we are an improving and increasingly agile company. I believe that speaks well for our ability to prosper amid the inevitable uncertainty and cyclicality of global markets.

Crane Then and Now Crane is a very different company today than it was at the beginning of 1984, when I became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, but our goal of building shareholder value has not changed over the years. On 1983 sales of $772 million, we had operating profits of $26 million -- $18 million generated by Huttig Building Products and $25 million by Hydro-Aire, partially offset by losses totaling $17 million at our other businesses, which included our domestic and international valve, pump and distribution businesses and a cement company. In addition, we held for disposal a steel business, which was losing money and was not included in operating results. During 1984, we announced a strategic plan to focus on our strength in special engineered manufacturing for niche markets and in wholesale distribution, reducing Crane's dependence on capital-intensive, cyclical and commodity-oriented businesses, which typically faced international competition with lower labor costs and overcapacity. In subsequent years, we spun off our steel company CF&I, our cement company Medusa, and most recently, our profitable but low-margin building products wholesaler Huttig. We consolidated, invested and made both opportunistic and strategic acquisitions in order to grow Crane profitably, with emphasis on manufacturing highly engineered, high value-added products with high market share in niches, and on generating cash and positive earnings per share. We have also increased our per-share earnings by repurchasing shares when they were significantly undervalued; most recently 6.0 million shares in 1999 and 2.9 million shares purchased in 2000, reducing the outstanding shares by 13% in two years.

Crane Co / 2000 Annual Report 3

In the last 17 years, Crane's year-end stock price has been lower than the year before only three times. A shareholder who bought 100 shares of Crane stock for $2,850 on February 24, 1984, the day I became CEO, reinvesting all dividends and all proceeds from selling his stock in spun-off companies, would have 1,900 shares worth $54,031 at the end of 2000, a 1,796% return, or a compounded average return of 19.1% per year. By comparison, an investor who put $2,850 in the S&P 500 at the same time, reinvesting in the same way, would have ended 2000 with stock worth just under $38,473, a 1,250% return, or 16.7% per year. On average, Crane stock outperformed the S&P 500 by 2.4 percentage points a year, or 14.4%. I am proud of that record. A New Day I mention this history because it marks an era that is about to end, and because it has relevance for the future as well. At Crane's annual meeting on April 23, 2001, I will step down as Chief Executive Officer, though continuing as Chairman of the Board. Eric C. Fast, our capable President and Chief Operating Officer, will assume the additional role of Chief Executive Officer. For the first time in 42 years, Crane will no longer have a member of the Evans family as CEO. My father,Thomas M. Evans directed Crane's course for 25 years before I became CEO in 1984. I am confident that Eric will build on our existing strengths to lead Crane to new heights of market leadership, profitability and shareholder value. Over the past year and a half, he has learned a great deal about the manufacturing world while overseeing and improving our diverse businesses domestically and abroad. As the former Co-Head of Global Investment Banking for Salomon Smith Barney and Salomon Brothers, Inc., he brings a strong background in deal-making, finance and public markets. I believe Eric has the intellectual capability and energy to take Crane to new levels of performance.

Outlook A combination of recovering markets and internal improvements should enable Crane to achieve earnings gains of 10-15% in 2001, in spite of currently deteriorating economic conditions in the U.S. The Aerospace segment, our most profitable, will benefit from increased aircraft production in all markets, and from the turnaround we expect at Interpoint, which ran at a loss in 2000. Fluid Handling, our largest segment, should make further gains after improving margins and profits in 2000. Engineered Materials will be held back by weak comparisons to the strong markets for truck trailers in 1999 and the first half of 2000. Weak capital spending in the chemical process industry markets could also affect profitability. Merchandising Systems will do well because of heavy demand for euro coin validators and operational improvements in our vending machine business. Controls should regain profitability after a loss in 2000 caused primarily by a poorly executed plant move at Ferguson. With the economy slowing, our financial strength should help us accelerate our acquisition activity from the pace of the past several years, further adding to growth and expanding our reach and market penetration. In sum, I am optimistic about results in 2001 and beyond. Meanwhile, I am grateful to our customers and our suppliers for their loyalty, to our employees for their dedication to making Crane a more effective and profitable competitor, and to our shareholders for their steadfast support of our efforts in that regard. I am grateful as well to the members of our Board of Directors for their confidence and wise counsel over the years. I think it is fair to say that both Eric and I look forward to a challenging and successful year. Sincerely,

R. S. Evans Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2001

4 Crane Co / 2000 Annual Report

