Dear Shareholder: Crane Co. made solid progress in 2004. We achieved earnings per share of $2.09 (before asbestos and environmental charges), a 19% increase from $1.75 in 2003. Excluding a one-time gain of $0.11 from the sale of a small fittings business in the U.K., earnings per share increased 13%. We completed $50 million of acquisitions early in the year, purchasing the P.L. Porter seat actuation business for our Aerospace Group, and the Hattersley valve brand for the Fluid Handling segment. Our balance sheet remained very strong at year-end, with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 27.1%. For 2005, we are projecting earnings per share of $2.10 to $2.25 -- a reflection of our confidence in the momentum we are building to drive profitable growth in our businesses. Last October, we announced a comprehensive settlement with current asbestos claimants and an independent representative of future claimants that was structured to utilize the provisions of section 524(g) of the federal bankruptcy code. Section 524(g) is the only means authorized by Congress for a corporation to resolve its asbestos liability with certainty and finality. The cost was substantial, but we were convinced that a sum certain, with financing arranged in advance, was an acceptable price for achieving finality on asbestos and getting on with our business. Then, in December, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, in the Combustion Engineering case, sharply curtailed the availability and scope of relief offered by section 524(g), and Crane Co. was forced to terminate this comprehensive settlement transaction. As a result, we will return to the tort system to resolve asbestos claims, and we have established a gross reserve of $650 million ($252 million after insurance and deferred tax asset) to cover the estimated settlement and defense costs for pending claims and anticipated future claims through 2011. While the termination of the comprehensive asbestos settlement is disappointing, it does improve our balance sheet and lower our interest expense; it also stretches out any cash flow obligations related to asbestos, and leaves us with greater near-term flexibility to conduct our business. Greater flexibility means we will be able to maintain a more aggressive acquisitions posture. We will continue to explore all available alternatives for handling our asbestos liability and we are encouraged to see increasing support in Washington for legislative reform. Financial Results Sales increased $254 million, or 16%, to $1.89 billion from $1.64 billion in 2003. Growth from our core businesses provided $97 million of the improvement; acquisitions contributed $107 million; and favorable foreign currency translation provided another $50 million. The Aerospace & Electronics segment contributed $83 million of the sales increase reflecting strong OEM demand, nearly a full year of sales from the P.L. Porter business acquired in January 2004 as well as the full-year impact of Signal Technology Corporation, acquired in May 2003. In the Engineered Materials segment, sales grew by $36 million as demand for fiberglass-reinforced panels remained strong across all of the segment's end markets.
15

Sales growth in the Merchandising Systems segment totaled $14 million. Demand for vending machines in North America and coin changing equipment in Europe stabilized in the latter part of the year, and the markets for this late-cycle business are expected to continue improving in 2005. Our Fluid Handling segment provided $114 million of the Company-wide sales increase. Fluid Handling finally began to see signs of improvement in its major end markets last year, particularly in the chemical processing industry. The sales increase at Fluid Handling reflected higher volume from the improved market demand, plus nearly a full year of sales from the Hattersley valve brand acquired in January 2004. It also reflected the full-year impact of the pipe, coupling and fittings businesses acquired from Etex in June 2003. Operating profit (excluding the impact of asbestos and environmental charges) increased $16 million, or 10%, to $186 million from $170 million in 2003. (Including the impact of those charges, which totaled $347 million, the Company reported a full-year operating loss of $161 million.) The increase in operating profit reflected improvement in each segment except Aerospace & Electronics. Company-wide operating margins remained under pressure at 9.9% in 2004, slightly lower than the 10.4% of 2003. Operating margins declined in the Aerospace & Electronics segment, to 18.1% from 22.4% in 2003. The decline reflected the recovery of OEM demand (which has lower profit margins than aftermarket sales); decreased aftermarket sales; increased engineering costs for new program awards; and a full year of the relatively lower-margin defense electronics business at Signal Technology Corporation which was acquired in 2003. Dramatic increases in raw material costs reduced margins in Engineered Materials to 19.6% from 20.0% in 2003. Raw material costs were also a significant factor, along with supply chain disruptions, constraining the improvement in Fluid Handling margins from 5.8% to 6.1%. Margins in Merchandising Systems improved sharply to 5.7% from 1.8% in 2003, reflecting improved sales volumes and cost reduction efforts. Net income for 2004, before the impact of asbestos and environmental charges, was $124 million, or $2.09 per share, compared with $105 million, or $1.75 per share, for 2003. Including the net impact of the asbestos and environmental charges, the Company recorded a net loss of $105 million, or $1.78 per share, for 2004. Operating activities in 2004 generated cash flow (before asbestos-related payments) of $149 million, compared with $171 million in 2003. After capital expenditures of $22 million in 2004 and $28 million in 2003, free cash flow was $127 million in 2004 and $143 million in 2003. The Company used its free cash flow in 2004 to pay dividends ($24 million), to repurchase shares ($43 million), to acquire businesses ($50 million) and to pay asbestos-related costs ($38 million). Our net debt-to-capital ratio was 27.1% at December 31, 2004, compared with 24.4% at December 31, 2003.

Hydro-Aire coolant pumps have operated at the heart of the environmental control systems in space in such projects as the Lunar Excursion Module and the Apollo program. In 1970, during Apollo 13's flight to the moon, a crippling explosion occurred on board. The coolant pumps were one of the few fully operational elements and maintained module and crew temperatures through to the successful end of the aborted mission. NASA determined that the pumps' continued operation was so critical that they required a Hydro-Aire support crew be connected by telephone to Mission Control 24 hours a day to provide needed engineering support. Today, Crane pumps and electronics are on Mars.

letter to shareholders

Bank Credit Facility On January 21, 2005, the Company entered into a new fiveyear, $450 million credit agreement. This new credit facility, which replaces a $300 million credit agreement that was due to expire on July 22, 2007, has a $300 million five-year revolving credit line for general corporate purposes, plus an available $150 million term loan that can be drawn, under certain conditions, for the funding of a comprehensive asbestos settlement. Strategy for Profitable Growth We are seeking profitable growth--measured as Economic Value Added (EVA)--by making Crane Co. a more integrated operating company. The strategy has two elements: the improvement of existing operations, and the forging of strategic linkages. We improve existing operations by leveraging intellectual capital, strengthening customer focus and executing an operational excellence process that is integrated into everything we do. The strategic linkages are aimed at having our business units work together more closely. Our goal is to deploy the Company's strong free cash flow for acquisitions that will strengthen our current businesses. Executing on our strategy in 2004 required a careful balance, as we spent a substantial amount of management time on attempting to resolve the asbestos liability, and we held back on acquisitions to preserve capital that would be required for the asbestos settlement. We did, however, move forward on our strategy to grow by improving existing operations. Our focus was on achieving more consistent results across the Company. Several business segments--namely, Engineered Materials, Merchandising Systems and Controls--continued to improve and to achieve outstanding results in customer metrics such as on-time delivery (OTD), lead times, inventory turns and quality. Engineered Materials maintained OTD at 98% with outstanding quality measures and reduced average working capital as a percent of sales to 6%. Merchandising Systems not only sharply improved operating margins but also maintained OTD at 97% and improved inventory turns to 6 turns from 4.5 turns. These results, however, were not evident on a consistent basis in Fluid Handling and to a lesser extent the Aerospace & Electronics segment. To achieve more consistent results, we have taken steps to address leadership issues and to improve and standardize our management process in the units. Key senior leadership changes have included the October 2004 appointment of Doug Spitler to be the interim head of the Electronics Group in addition to his responsibilities as head of the Controls segment. Max Mitchell joined us as Vice President-Operational Excellence in March, replacing Brad Ellis, who was promoted

In 1954, Monsanto started its "House of the Future" (pictured here), by asking the Architecture Department of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to design a plastic house imagined for about 1975, to be built at Disneyland. Monsanto invited Crane to participate in the electronic kitchen and bathrooms, where the fixtures were fabricated as part of the walls and floor. The wave of a hand before an electronic eye turned water on and off. Sinks adjusted to child and adult heights with the push of a button, and toiletries were dispensed automatically. In 1956, another project, "Tomorrowland" opened at Disneyland ­ with an inventive, interactive exhibit about the flow of fluids, designed and built by Crane Co.

to President of the Merchandising Systems segment. Sadly, George Scimone, our friend and colleague, has lost his battle with cancer and will be deeply missed at Crane. We are now nearing completion of our search effort to fill his prior CFO position.We also decided to look outside for a head of the Fluid Handling segment. Considerable changes have also been made in key positions below these top roles, through internal promotion and outside hires. For example, in Fluid Handling over the past 18 months, seven of eleven units have gained new finance leaders, two have gained new presidents, and ten of the 43 major manufacturing plants have gained new site leaders. In addition to making people changes, we felt that we needed to put in place an improved management process to address the inconsistent performance among the units. We held strategy meetings separate from the annual plan review and implemented a Strategic Deployment Process in the fall which will now be the Crane operating system across all units. The system provides a common template for setting priorities, aligning resources and achieving the annual and strategic plans. It incorporates our core business philosophy and encompasses strategic planning, intellectual capital and the world-class tools of Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma that we have put in place to improve our businesses. During 2005, we will focus on leveraging and accelerating the impact of our improvement activities. Indeed, we have already begun to see positive effects from these changes.

In 1904, R.T. Crane said, "a loyal employee gives something besides his labor and the employer should recognize that fact" and toward the end of his life he set aside one million dollars as a fund for "the purpose of taking care of my men." Two years after R.T. Crane's death, members of his family honored his wish by establishing The Crane Fund to "provide a means for giving support to deserving and needy employees after they have, by reason of age or disability, become unable to engage in active work." Today that bequest is worth hundreds of millions of dollars and The Crane Fund, along with two other company-managed charitable trusts, lives on as a lesson in the power of individual leadership and responsibility.

150 Years in Business In this, our 150th year in business, we are celebrating the shared values, shared pride and shared experiences on which we are building A Better Crane Co. In 1855, R.T. Crane founded our company with the commitment, in his words, "to conduct my business in the strictest honesty and fairness; to avoid all deception and trickery; to deal fairly with both customers and competitors; to be liberal and just toward employees and to put my whole mind upon the business." That commitment -- which set the standards for a small company whose landmark innovations helped to drive the American industrial revolution -- has guided our actions and investments for 150 years. The values R.T. Crane expressed are even more relevant today. They continue to guide us as a global, strategically linked, integrated operating company of core businesses that are working together with shared values and shared tools to achieve profitable growth.

Outlook for 2005 We expect to reach $2.0 billion of sales in 2005, a 6% increase from 2004, with growth in all of our business segments. In terms of operating profit growth, we expect the strongest percentage increases from Merchandising Systems and Fluid Handling; we anticipate only modest improvement at Aerospace & Electronics due to its mix of OEM vs. aftermarket business and heavier investment spending to support new programs. Earnings per share for 2005 are expected to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.25, up strongly from 2004. Our Aerospace business has a number of long-term opportunities to meet customer needs for enhanced safety and lower operating costs, and these opportunities will require substantial investment in 2005. New program awards for the Boeing 7E7 and Airbus A380, as well as our first-ever antiskid brake control system for Airbus on the A400 military transport program, provide solid future growth opportunities. In our modernization and upgrade program, the growth drivers will be our new technology for wireless tire pressure monitoring and the automatic weight and balance measurement of aircraft. The Electronics business will be focusing on process improvements to increase margins and improve customer metrics. We are very encouraged by the success of our custom power business, which is the largest of the Electronics operations. The Engineered Materials business should benefit from continuing strong end markets and pricing that now covers higher raw material costs. Merchandising Systems should benefit from modestly improving markets and also new product launches. The chemical processing industry, a key market for Fluid Handling, appears to be strengthening. In 2005, the priorities for the Fluid Handling businesses will be to execute on sourcing initiatives, improve productivity and obtain better pricing relative to raw material costs. As we celebrate our 150th anniversary, we expect to reap the benefits of the common operating system that is now in place in all our units. Through this system, we will be able to leverage and accelerate our operational excellence program to generate improved results. I am very positive about the outlook for our Company in 2005. I deeply appreciate the dedication and hard work of our employees, the guidance and encouragement of our Board of Directors and the support of our shareholders.

Sincerely,

They say that if it only had a church and a hotel, you could spend a lifetime in New York City's Rockefeller Center. From over 200 stores to dozens of dentist's offices, from the 70-floor General Electric/NBC building to myriad corporate headquarters that form a cross section of the business, communication, cultural and industrial worlds ­ it's all in the Center. The valves and fittings and a majority of the plumbing fixtures in this "City Within A City" are Crane products. Most of the pipe, cut to length, was furnished by the New York Crane branch from 1931­1939. As in countless other buildings, Crane products contribute to the efficiency and beauty of these landmark skyscrapers.

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer february 25, 2005

