Making the difference.

Dear Shareholder,

In our last Annual Report, I outlined in some detail the strong foundation we have built at Crane Co. The strength of this underpinning enabled us to produce record earnings and operating margins in 2012, as well as an agreement to acquire MEI, a company that significantly enhances our Payment Solutions business and further balances our overall portfolio of businesses. As proud as we are of these accomplishments and as hard as our people worked to achieve them, we continue to strive for flawless execution of our strategy to produce more growth in 2013 and in the years ahead. The ethical standards set down more than 150 years ago by our founder remain the central core of the culture of our Company. Always mindful of these standards, and through focused deployment of the Crane Business System, we have continued to build and mature a portfolio of niche businesses manufacturing highly engineered industrial products. Starting with the voice of the customer and high quality manufacturing, our process has led to strong customer metrics, leading shares in niche markets and expanded operating margins across all of our business segments. We have completed internal mergers of certain businesses to improve our operating efficiency, and we have used free cash flow to make strategic acquisitions that strengthen existing businesses, while at the same time divesting smaller, less strategic units. Our strategy is working. Our sales in 2012 essentially equaled the previous peak of $2.6 billion achieved prior to the recession in 2008, and our operating margins reached 13%, a substantial improvement over that same peak period. This margin improvement resulted from a relentless focus on taking cost out of our businesses and driving productivity­doing more with less--along with effective use of the Crane Business System and outstanding intellectual capital throughout the Company. Excluding special items, earnings per share grew 9% in 2012 to $3.75. In addition, we delivered free cash flow of $205 million.

6

The economic outlook for 2013 suggests continuing challenges for global industrial manufacturers. Nonetheless, not including the effect of the acquisition described below, we expect to continue to grow our earnings again in the year ahead. Our 2013 guidance is for core sales growth of 1%-3%, earnings per share of $4.10-$4.30, and free cash flow of $190-$220 million. As described in this report, we believe our sales can grow faster than our target markets as we benefit from new product introductions, better market penetration and our emerging market investments over the last several years. In addition, we have available capacity to fulfill demand without significant increases in fixed costs, allowing us to earn about $25 in increased operating profit for every $100 in increased sales, which creates positive pressure on our current 13% operating margin, and we continue to target productivity and cost reductions in all of our businesses. We have been pursuing a balanced capital deployment strategy, using our strong cash flow for dividends, stock repurchases and acquisitions. We have a disciplined acquisition strategy, focused on strengthening existing businesses. In 2012, we raised our quarterly dividend 8%, repurchased $50 million of our common stock and, on December 20th, we announced an agreement to acquire MEI Conlux for $820 million, representing the largest acquisition in our long history. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2013, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. We will take on approximately $570 million in incremental debt to finance a portion of the purchase price. Importantly, both Moody's and Standard and Poor's have reaffirmed our investment grade credit rating. Upon completion of the acquisition, MEI will become part of our Payment Solutions business, in our Merchandising Systems segment, bringing MEI's leadership in bill handling to our leadership position in coin handling. MEI has a low-cost country manufacturing base, strong operating margins and robust cash flow, and together we will have a more complete product line, better positioning us to serve attractive worldwide markets. The combined annual sales of Payment Solutions will be approximately $575 million. The acquisition will be accretive to earnings per share in the first twelve months after closing, adding approximately $0.25 per share, before one-time costs. Last month we announced that Max Mitchell has been appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of Crane Co. Max has been transitioning into this leadership role since May 2011, and I have full confidence that the experience and personal qualities he brings to it will place Crane Co. in good stead in the years ahead. We have greatly strengthened our Company, and I know my colleagues have all made sacrifices to position us for continued growth. I appreciate not only their hard work but also their friendship and support through the tumultuous times of the last few years. And finally, I appreciate the ongoing support from our Board of Directors and the loyalty of our customers and shareholders and thank them for their confidence in Crane Co. Sincerely,

Eric C. Fast
Chief Executive Officer febr uary 2 7 , 2 0 1 3

7

