letter to shareholders

Moving from a holding company to an operating company, how do we create shareholder value?

strategic leadership
Dear Shareholder: 2001 was a year of substantial change at Crane Co. After 17 years as Chief Executive Officer, Shell Evans seamlessly transferred those responsibilities to me while continuing as Chairman of the Board. He remains a close confidant as our senior management team executes the programs we had been working on together. Crane's operating results, while disappointing, were very solid in the face of the worst manufacturing environment in the last ten years. We generated $149 million in free cash flow in 2001 and finished the year with a very strong balance sheet with debt as a percent of capitalization at 30%. This is tangible evidence of the power of our business model. We made considerable progress in the transition from a holding company to an operating company in order to reestablish growth in our business and maximize returns on invested capital. This progress included strengthening the management team, improving customer metrics and making tangible operating improvements throughout Crane. We moved aggressively to a smaller number of larger units, completing four internal acquisitions, two divestitures and a joint venture. Importantly, we invested $191 million in seven acquisitions that will significantly strengthen our existing businesses. We are a much stronger company today than we were a year ago as a result of these actions. Operating Results Sales increased 6% from $1.5 billion in 2000 to $1.6 billion in 2001, with all of the increase attributable to businesses acquired during the year. Flat sales in our existing businesses reflected especially weak markets in our short-cycle businesses, particularly in transportation, automated merchandising and light industrial. In spite of the weakest manufacturing environment in a decade, we were able, for the first nine months, to achieve operating earnings of $146 million (excluding a non-cash special charge), up 4% from the comparable nine months of 2000. These results were achieved through disciplined cost control by all business units and strong results in Aerospace and at NRI. However, the events of September 11 changed the world for all of us, impacting not only the already weakened markets in our short-cycle businesses but also severely affecting the commercial aerospace market, resulting in a difficult fourth quarter. For the year, operating profit of $178 million (excluding a noncash special charge) was only slightly lower than 2000's $184 million. The 2001 operating results reflect our disciplined cost culture and included $13.0 million in costs related to work force reductions totaling 700 employees, a plant consolidation and product line rationalizations. Earnings per share were down 5% to $1.68 versus $1.76 in 2000, excluding one-time losses on divestitures, retirement stock and a gain from the sale of a telecommunications business in 2000. Net earnings declined to $1.47 per diluted share, compared with $2.02 in 2000. Net earnings for 2001 were reduced by $12.5 million, or $.21 per share, by a loss on the disposal of our Canadian plumbing business and a non-cash charge for stock2

of a

based retirement costs related to the retirement of R.S. Evans as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Net earnings in 2000 were enhanced by a gain of $.26 per share on the sale of a minority interest in a telecommunications business. Free cash flow -- cash flow from operations plus proceeds from asset sales, less capital expenditures and dividends -- increased to $149 million from $144 million in 2000. Holding Company to Operating Company We are a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered products with a core value of integrity and honest business dealings. We are actively transforming our management philosophy from that of a holding company to that of an operating company, in order to grow economic value added (EVA). As a holding company, it was our view that value was created by business unit management operating closest to the customer, and that the corporate role was to select the right investments and enforce disciplined management through a compensation system based on EVA. While it is important to maintain these holding company precepts, we also believe that additional value for our shareholders can be created through the aggressive pursuit of operational and strategic linkages among our business units. We believe that the execution of three basic operating initiatives common to all our businesses will drive earnings growth. These initiatives, discussed at some length in last year's report, call for:

Leveraging Intellectual Capital We believe that the key to performance and financial success is the quality of our people and the culture in which they operate. "Good people make good things happen," and we are committed to a performance culture built on trust and respect. We are passionate about learning and determined to leverage best practices throughout Crane. We strive to accomplish these goals through our Crane 200 program and Crane University. The Crane 200 program is designed to identify and develop leadership talent throughout Crane. As we instill common values and further develop these key individuals, we will leverage these resources throughout our Company through our "Crane Helping Crane" philosophy. Crane University is our vehicle for learning and leveraging best practices throughout Crane. It's a virtual University, as we wanted the money invested in our people not a building. In 2001, we spent $4.5 million at Crane University and trained 550 employees throughout the Company, compared with $1.5 million in 1999. These programs ranged from Kaizen events on the plant floor to formal Crane University days for our business unit presidents. We trained more employees in Six Sigma and Lean Manufacturing in 2001 than we had in the previous four years combined, and put the entire management team of eight of our key businesses through green belt training. In 2002, we plan to continue this intense focus on learning and leveraging best practices as we drive to improve our human capital.

businesses
3

collection

· Leveraging intellectual capital, · Improving customer focus, and · Achieving operational excellence.

of linked

Customer Focus and Operational Excellence We believe that it is important to measure not only financial results but those metrics that are important to our customers, specifically on-time delivery, lead time and quality. Improving these metrics increases the value proposition to our customers, which in turn will enable us to take market share and grow profitable sales. At Crane today, we have 90 trained lean black belts working in their respective business units on improving those metrics, along with six master black belts. Every business unit president has completed operational excellence leadership training and is focused on driving improvement in these metrics throughout their organization. This has been a new focus for Crane over the past several years, and while we have considerable room for improvement, we are making significant progress. For example, on-time delivery improved in 2001 from 80% to 88%. Our goal is to be "faster, better and easier" to do business with, while reducing costs. Strategic Linkages As our operating results demonstrate, Crane has a collection of businesses with high returns on capital and strong cash flow. As we make the transition from a holding company to an operating company, we are constantly looking to create value for our shareholders by having our units work more closely together. In 2001, we focused on our ten smallest businesses, consistently earning $5 million or less. In the case of four businesses with sales totaling $125 million, 8% of total Crane sales, we saw the opportunity to create value through strategic linkages with larger more profitable Crane businesses. As a result, during the year we combined our North American commercial and engineered valve businesses in Fluid Handling, Cor Tec with Kemlite in Engineered Materials, Azonix with Dynalco in Controls and Lear Romec with HydroAire in Aerospace. From these "internal acquisitions" we expect the same synergies that you would expect from external acquisitions. For example, the combination of Kemlite and Cor Tec (both produce FRP panels for the transportation industry) allows us to leverage the intellectual capital and sales resources of Kemlite with Cor Tec, significantly expanding Cor Tec sales coverage, while enabling us to reduce material and selling, general and administrative costs. We divested two businesses -- Crane Plumbing and Powers Process -- as there were no linkages to other Crane businesses and both had negative EVA. In the case of Crane Plumbing, where we sold the U.S. business 15 years ago, the business model consisted of two 30-year-old Canadian potteries

competing against lower cost offshore imports. Powers Process was our only business selling through plumbing channels in the U.S. In addition, we contributed our Ferguson business and $12 million to form a joint venture with Ferguson's largest competitor. This allowed us to change the Ferguson business model by capturing a larger share of the overall market while rationalizing production facilities. In 2001, this process reduced the number of business units from 23 to 16. We believe a smaller number of larger units will increase the quality and consistency of our management teams, allowing us to better understand the value proposition to the customer and reduce business risks. Our EVA discipline will make this program a continuing part of our culture at Crane. Acquisitions The seven acquisitions we made in 2001 at a cost of $191 million --five small add-ons and two large stand-alone businesses -- reflect our sharp focus on making acquisitions which strengthen our existing businesses. The two large acquisitions -- Xomox and Saunders (renamed Crane Process Flow) were acquired for $180 million and generate sales of $250 million annually. This significantly strengthened our position in the global valve industry, which is rapidly consolidating. Both have strong brands focused on high-end application-driven markets in the chemical processing and biopharmaceutical markets, with operating profit margins of approximately 10% that can be improved. Xomox has a 50% share of the sleeved plug valve market, while Crane Process Flow has 20% of the world market for diaphragm valves. These companies also bring low-cost international manufacturing facilities in India and Hungary, which supplement existing Crane facilities in China where we control design and quality. In addition, both Xomox and Crane Process Flow have strong international sales organizations that will join other Crane operations in cross-selling key existing Crane valve brands, further expanding our product offerings and extending our markets. Incremental sales of existing Crane products through Saunders and Xomox channels and vice versa are expected to be $5 million to $10 million in 2002, growing to $40 million to $50 million by the fifth year. Financial Strength Crane's financial strength is rooted in the solid and sustainable profitability of its core businesses, which hold strong positions in niche markets. These businesses generate significant free cash flow. We use this cash to pay down debt, to repurchase shares, and, most importantly, to invest in our existing businesses and acquisitions. In 2001, for example, our free cash flow of $149 million, plus $20 million from divestitures, largely paid for our seven acquisitions totaling $191 million.

4

Our balance sheet is extremely strong, with a conservative net debt-to-capital ratio of 30% at year-end. This is modestly higher than the 26% at year-end 2000, but has moved steadily downward from 38% at the end of 2001's second quarter and 35% at the end of the third quarter. Our business model of free cash flow in excess of net income will be a key driver of value for shareholders in the future. Outlook for 2002: A Year of Investment I would characterize 2002 as a year of heavy investment in our business. We want to be a materially stronger competitor in the marketplace with improved operating leverage when our markets return to more normal levels. We will continue our investment in intellectual capital through new hires, particularly in sales and marketing, and by maintaining our spending in Crane University. We will drive our operational excellence activities more deeply and broadly throughout our organization to achieve further gains in our key operating metrics, of on-time delivery, lead time, quality and inventory turns. We expect, for example, to see on-time deliveries improve to 93% of customer promise date, up from 88% in the year 2001. Importantly, we are investing in key new product initiatives throughout the Company, particularly in commercial aerospace and at Interpoint, our microelectronics business. Finally, we continue to look for opportunities to create value by leveraging the strategic linkages among our business units. We expect powerful synergies to begin to develop from the inter-company sales of existing products into new markets in our valve, pump and control businesses. I remain confident in the quality of our people and our businesses and in our ability to execute our 2002 plans. I deeply appreciate the guidance and encouragement of our Board of Directors and the support of our shareholders, customers and suppliers.

Sincerely,

We are adding value through...

5

Eric C. Fast
President and Chief Executive Officer february 22, 2002

