Fellow stockholders, Salesforce.com recorded its most successful year ever in fiscal year 2011. Revenue grew to more than $1.6 billion, a year-over-year increase of 27 percent, and we finished the year with more than 92,000 customers. This incredible growth, even as we approach $2 billion in annual revenue, resulted in FORTUNE magazine ranking salesforce.com #4 on its 2010 list of the world's fastest-growing companies. We've spent the past 12 years evangelizing cloud computing and acting as a catalyst and driver for the next generation of computing. But our industry never stands still. We are entering a new era of computing that is being radically transformed by social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and advances in mobile devices like the iPhone and iPad. We are moving beyond Cloud 1--which made applications faster, less expensive, and easier to use--and into Cloud 2, which is inherently social, mobile, and open. These trends--social, mobile, and open--are the forces we believe will shape the next decade for the software industry. That's why we launched a social collaboration service for the enterprise, Salesforce Chatter, already adopted by more than 80,000 customers. Not only does Chatter further differentiate our flagship Sales and Service Clouds, it represents our first enterprisewide application, creating value for every employee throughout the organization. We're also evolving the Force.com platform to deliver the promise of Cloud 2. Our "write once, run anywhere" value proposition has already attracted more than 300,000 developers--a community that has created more than 200,000 custom applications on Force.com. And with new services like Heroku, VMforce, and Database.com, developers of all kinds will soon be able to leverage the Force.com platform to create a new generation of enterprise cloud applications that extends far beyond our core CRM. We are excited about our business, but we are also motivated by purpose. When we founded salesforce.com, we also launched the Salesforce.com Foundation, based on the simple idea of donating 1 percent of salesforce.com's resources to support organizations that are working to make our world a better place. In one decade, we've given $23 million in grants, more than 255,000 hours of time to the community, and our service to more than 11,000 nonprofits. It's enabled them to streamline their organizations and increase their effectiveness, multiplying everything from donation amounts to hours of volunteer time. Looking ahead, we're aggressively investing to extend our cloud industry leadership as we strive to continue our remarkable growth. We look forward to reporting our progress over the next year and to becoming the first enterprise cloud computing company to exceed $2 billion in annual revenue. Thank you for your continued support, and thank you to our 5,000 employees and our more than 92,000 customers. It's their success that fuels ours. We look forward to an extraordinary future together.

Aloha,

