Fellow stockholders,

Salesforce.com recorded its most successful year ever in fiscal year 2010. Revenue of approximately $1.3 billion rose by more than 20% from fiscal 2009, and GAAP earnings rose by more than 80%. No software company of comparable size grew faster. Equally important, despite an uncertain economic environment, our exceptional results demonstrated the strength, resilience, and durability of our business model as well as the growing momentum of cloud computing.

While traditional software was consolidating and retrenching during fiscal 2010, we were growing our customer community by more than 30%. We exit fiscal 2010 with a global customer base of more than 72,000 customers, diverse in size and industry. This growing community is achieving unprecedented success with salesforce.com and inspiring our best innovations.

When we founded salesforce.com 11 years ago, the Internet was radically changing the way consumers bought, sold, and communicated. Back then, we challenged the  status quo  of  traditional  client/server  software by asking  a simple question:"Why isn't all enterprise software as easy to use as Amazon.com?"

Today, we're on the threshold of the next major shift in technology. The rise of social computing has changed how people consume information, stay current, and collaborate. At the same time, the Internet is going mobile at a pace that no one could have predicted and transforming how and where technology is consumed.

Once again we're challenging the status quo of enterprise software, this time with a new question: "Why isn't all enterprise software as easy to use as social networks like Facebook and Twitter?" That's the idea behind the Collaboration Cloud. By enabling business users to collaborate securely with each other, their data, and their systems from virtually any Internet-connected device, all in real time, we're expecting to drive higher levels of employee productivity-and make businesses more competitive in the process.

Our Collaboration Cloud service will join our award-winning Sales, Service, and Force.com (platform) Cloud businesses, which, together, position us to create more business value than ever before. It's a great formula for customer and partner success and a great recipe for our own growth.

Although we're committed to changing the paradigm for enterprise technology, we're equally committed to bettering the communities we serve through our 1/1 /1 integrated philanthropic model, which provides 1% of our equity, product, and employees'time for community service. Thousands of nonprofits around the world are now using our service, and by leveraging the productivity benefits of our applications, they're increasing their"social ROI:' In fiscal 2010, salesforce.com employees donated more than 50,000 hours and made contributions to the world's most pressing needs, including raising more than $800,000 to support relief organizations in Haiti. The Salesforce.com Foundation remains a pivotal piece of our culture and our competitive differentiation.

I'd like to extend a sincere thank you to our stockholders for their continued support. I also want to thank each of our 4,000 employees for their unwavering customer focus and thank our customers and partners for their
ongoing inspiration. There has never been a more exciting time to be part of the salesforce.com family. Together, we are changing the world of enterprise software forever.


Aloha,
