   To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 1998 was an exceptional year for CSC. We reported record revenue and earnings, implemented new contracts worth billions of dollars, strongly increased our commercial systems integration and information technology outsourcing revenue, and successfully established a major presence in three important vertical markets.
Annual revenue for CSC rose 17.5 percent, from the $5.6 billion reported for fiscal 1997 to $6.6 billion. Net earnings, excluding special items, were up 19.7 percent, from $227.7 million to $272.6 million, reflecting improved margins, and earnings per share increased from $1.46 to $1.72. Including special items, net earnings and earnings per share for fiscal 1998 were $260.4 million and $1.64.
During the year, we completed implementation of two of the largest and most important contracts CSC has ever been awarded. Both are ground breaking agreements that set new standards for our industry and are global in scope.
The first is with J.P. Morgan, where CSC led a team including Andersen Consulting, AT&T Solutions and Bell Atlantic Network Integration that won the contract. The team then joined with J.P. Morgan to form Pinnacle Alliance, which supports a large portion of J. P. Morgan’s worldwide information technology structure. This work is continuing to expand and evolve. The agreement is a first in the information technology industry and has provided CSC with knowledge and experience that no other information services company has.
The second contract is with DuPont, where CSC and DuPont have a shared goal of helping DuPont gain the greatest business value from its information technology systems. Major accomplishments during the year include the incorporation of technology solutions such as SAP, Year 2000, supply chain and software engineering into the company’s businesses. The aim is to deliver truly global solutions to DuPont, which operates in more than 70 countries, and we are well on the way to achieving that.
3

 Several other important contracts were implemented during the year. They include CNA Financial Corporation, where we are providing a wide variety of information technology solutions, and ING Financial Services North America, a unit of Amsterdam-based ING Group, one of the world’s largest diversified financial services companies, where we are supporting data center operations, automating help desk functions and managing desktop support and local area network services.
These large outsourcing contracts, along with others, significantly increased CSC’s outsourcing revenue, contributing an additional $700 million during the year. As we look ahead, fiscal 1999 offers a significant number of major outsourcing opportunities, both in the United States and around the world.
Growth in our systems consulting and integration services constituted a significant part of our overall revenue increase, adding nearly $300 million during the year. Particularly strong were such areas as electronic commerce via the internet; Year 2000 services, which address the widely publicized information technology millennium issue described later in this report; and enterprise-wide solutions, which integrate disparate business functions across an entire company, making data easier to find, update and analyze.
The three major forces driving dramatic change in the business world – globalization, deregulation and consolidation -- are creating very strong growth in demand for information technology outsourcing and systems consulting and integration services. This will continue as we move into the twenty-first century. Research groups that follow our industry expect information technology services spending to soar from approximately $335 billion in 1997 to nearly $860 billion in 2002, a compound annual growth rate of more than 20 percent.
4

  CSC has never been better positioned for growth and profitability.
Another important source of growth for CSC is in vertical markets, worldwide. We participate in a wide range of these, from aerospace and automotive to chemical oil and gas, financial services, healthcare and utilities. CSC has established significant presence and scale in such markets by winning large outsourcing contracts and making strategic acquisitions.
CSC has been a leading provider of information services to the U.S. federal government for more than three decades, beginning with the acquisition in 1965 of two units of ITT. Today, we derive more than $1.6 billion in annual revenue from this key market. Through our work there, we have gained extremely sophisticated technology and an enormous amount of experience in managing large, mission-critical and very complex contracts, both of which are unmatched by others in our industry.
We established CSC in the financial services market in August 1996 with the acquisition of The Continuum Company, a leading provider of information services and software to the financial, banking and insurance services industry. Subsequently we formed our Financial Services Group, which was a major contributor to the approximately $1 billion in financial services revenue CSC realized during fiscal 1998. The group was instrumental in winning the CNA and ING contracts.
CSC has been engaged in several areas of the healthcare industry for more than 15 years, but with the acquisition in 1997 of APM, the leading management consulting company in the healthcare field, we established significant presence. We formed our Healthcare Group and now offer a wide range of services to leading managed care organizations, major hospitals, and medical centers. Companywide, CSC reported nearly $300 million in healthcare-related revenue for fiscal 1998.
5

 The joint effort we have underway with DuPont immediately gave us strong presence in the chemical, oil and gas vertical market. We formed our Chemical, Oil and Gas Group and began work at DuPont in June 1997. CSC’s revenue from this industry was significant in fiscal 1998, and we will strongly expand our global marketing effort there as we go through fiscal 1999.
CSC has never been better positioned for growth and profitability. We offer our clients the full range of information solutions, from management consulting through systems integration, professional services and outsourcing, and each provided a substantial portion of the $6.6 billion in revenue we reported for fiscal 1998. The revenue contributions from all three of our major marketplaces -- international, U.S. commercial and U.S. federal – are strong. And as our results for fiscal 1998 show, our growth in vertical markets is rapid and vibrant.
Many of you know that midway through our fiscal fourth quarter, an extraordinary event occurred. On February 11, we received an unsolicited and unwanted bid from Computer Associates to acquire CSC. On February 17, they launched a hostile tender offer for $108 a share ($54 a share adjusted for our 2 for 1 stock split March 23). The proposed combination made no business sense and the offer was not fair value. We rejected the offer and began a vigorous defense against this unwanted advance. On March 5, Computer Associates announced that they would not continue their efforts and would let the offer expire, as it did, March 16.
6

 Throughout this intense time, three fundamental beliefs we hold at CSC were reaffirmed.
We have an extremely talented, dedicated and loyal group of employees, who ignored the daily distraction inherent in the situation and continued to provide our customers with the superior level of service they have historically delivered. They are true professionals.
Our clients highly value the relationship we share and what we bring to their businesses. A number of them were quoted by financial and industry group analysts and by the press supporting our position, and we received much encouragement from them. We are most grateful.
You, our shareholders, believe that CSC’s prospects are bright and that we have the ability and determination to achieve them. Speaking for all of us at CSC, thank you for your support.
Sincerely Yours,
Van B. Honeycutt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer June 23, 1998
     7
