Free cash flow was a record $500 million, up from $355 million last year, a 41 percent increase. Stronger earnings, advanced contract receipts, improved collections, and controlled capital spend contributed to this performance.
CSC redeemed $1 billion of debt during the year, bringing our debt-to-total-capital ratio to 17.6 percent, the lowest it has been in nearly 20 years. Total debt at year end stood at $1.4 billion, the lowest since fiscal 2000, and the company exited the year with $1 billion in cash and cash equiva- lents, a $448 million increase over fiscal 2004.
Two strategic transactions were undertaken during fiscal 2005. After we acquired DynCorp in March 2003 for $914 million, we identified portions of its operations that lay outside the area of CSC’s strategic focus, operations such as physical security and aircraft maintenance services. In February 2005, we sold these operations for over $850 million. In April, we announced the exchange of a sub-scale product business, Health Plans Solutions, with DST Systems for 7.13 million shares of CSC common stock.
As a result of these actions, our operations
are more highly concentrated in information technology (IT) services and IT-enabled business services, CSC’s long-standing strategic focus. Our commitment to the U.S. federal and the healthcare markets remains strong, and we continue to capture major contracts and gain share in these markets.
Among key healthcare accomplishments in fiscal 2005 were a 10-year, $1.3 billion information technology outsourcing contract with Ascension Health, the largest not-for-profit hospital network in the United States; a $192 million expansion of our $1.7 billion UK National Health Service contract; and the delivery of the largest and most advanced Medicaid processing system in the United States to New York State.
Return to Table of Contents
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
     Fiscal 2005 was a very good year for CSC. The company achieved record revenues, record new business awards, record earnings per
share, and record free cash flow. We increased our market share in information technology outsourcing, extended our lead in key markets, significantly expanded our offshore capabilities, increased our staff utilization, launched innovative new offerings, and captured important new contracts.
Revenues from continuing operations were a record $14.1 billion, a 4.5 percent increase over last year. More than 80 percent of revenues were derived from long-term sources. Earnings per share from continuing operations after special items were $2.59, also a record.
New business awards from continuing operations reached $16 billion, a new record. Five awards each exceeded $1 billion, and an additional 22 awards were each valued at over $100 million. New business was fairly evenly divided between commercial and federal customers.
2 COMPUTER SCIENCES CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT

New business awards for continuing operations in the U.S. federal market reached nearly $7 billion. These included: two major contracts with the U.S. Navy, for $950 million over 15 years, and for $762 million over seven years; an 11-year, $589 million modernization contract with the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration; and a 10-year contract with the U.S. Army Strategic Command valued at $525 million.
CSC continued to capture major commercial contracts, especially in outsourcing in North America and Europe. In addition to Ascension Health, CSC won a seven-year, $1.3 billion applications outsourcing contract with Zurich Financial Services; a $1.1 billion, 10-year IT outsourcing contract with Textron; a $600 million IT outsourcing contract with Aon; and a five- year, $236 million IT outsourcing agreement with Renault, CSC’s first major outsourcing contact in France. In addition, CSC renewed and extended its relationships with Australia Mutual Provident Society and General Dynamics, the latter for $1.6 billion.
During the year CSC continued to perform with excellence on some of the largest, most complex, and most demanding programs ever undertaken in our industry – programs that transform the way our customers work and that deliver break- through improvements in their operational and financial performance.
Of particular note was CSC’s successful delivery during the year of new capabilities to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS), including the core processing system, systems that enable electronic filing and self-service, and a new internal financial control system. These deliveries prompted our customer to characterize 2004 as the most successful year in IRS modernization since 1962.
Return to Table of Contents
Today, IT services customers no longer cycle between growth and cost cutting; they demand both at the same time. They seek growth by better leveraging their existing IT investment
– by spending “smarter,” not more. They require IT innovation, but innovation that is practical, that works from the outset and delivers business results.
Further, more customers are now global or seek to become global, and an increasing number of customers outsource in order to transform their own organizations. Satisfying these demands requires more than IT knowledge; it requires business, industry, process and organizational expertise; it requires a non-stop, global delivery model. And it requires the most cost-effective way to source these capabilities.
CSC significantly improved its offshore capabilities during fiscal 2005, increasing total offshore head count more than 50 percent to approximately 5,200. Head count in India increased nearly
70 percent to 3,450. This occurred even while CSC increased utilization of its workforce. CSC now delivers world-class expertise – in business process and infrastructure management as
well as in applications support – from the most cost-effective sources around the world.
Market acceptance of CSC’s WorldSourcing offering was resounding. CSC won the largest applications outsourcing contract awarded in fiscal 2005 with Zurich Financial Services.
CSC also strengthened its position in the business process outsourcing market. During fiscal 2005, CSC launched a new cross-industry offering in Human Resources Management with Aon, a leading human resources consultant, and CSC was recognized as the market share leader in insurance BPO in North America. Today, CSC provides BPO services to more than 200 clients in the insurance, banking and government sectors around the world.
2005 ANNUAL REPORT COMPUTER SCIENCES CORPORATION 3
   
CSC continued to bring some of the most innovative service offerings to market during fiscal 2005. These included secure mobile “anywhere anytime” access to enterprise systems; instant, as needed, “pay-as-you-go” infrastructure services; advanced managed security services for wireless networks; state-of-the-art grid computing services; and a managed desktop offering that automatically configures services based on a user’s role.
CSC increased its lead in the use of advanced business process management (BPM) technology, including CSC e4SM, a standards-based business process integration architecture. Using CSC e4, customers better leverage their existing tech- nology environment and investment. More important, CSC e4 allows customers to regularly adjust or change their business processes with very little effort, so that their processes – and their businesses – stay at peak performance levels. CSC e4 was instrumental to our win at Zurich Financial Services.
CSC’s strengths were recognized widely last year. Industry analysts ranked CSC capabilities and offerings among market leaders 15 times. CSC was recognized as the top systems integrator to the U.S. federal government, the number one provider of ERP services to the government, and the number one provider of IT services to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. CSC again was cited by Forbes as among the Best Managed Software and Services companies in 2004, and CSC was one of only ten companies inducted into Fortune magazine’s 2005 Hall
of Fame, acknowledging that CSC – currently ranked 142 – advanced at least 250 places on the Fortune 500 list since 1995.
4 COMPUTER SCIENCES CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
These citations actually recognize the accomplish- ments of CSC’s 79,000 people. They are the finest in our industry. They understand our customers because they’ve been in their places – two-thirds of CSC’s workforce joined CSC as experienced professionals from acquired companies and outsourcing customers across 15 different industries. They bring more than deep technical knowledge – they bring industry and process expertise as well.
We are off to a strong start for fiscal 2006. Thus far, we’ve announced over $800 million in new business awards. Both our commercial and federal pipelines are robust. We have increased our competitiveness and our financial flexibility, and we are well positioned to address opportunities across our markets, especially
in the high-value applications outsourcing, BPO, and business transformation markets.
Putting innovation to work is what the market demands – now and for the foreseeable future. CSC has been putting innovation to work – for customers, for shareholders, and for ourselves – for over 46 years. It’s what CSC does best.
Sincerely,
Van B. Honeycutt
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
June 7, 2005
 Return to Table of Contents
   