  FROM OUR CHAIRMAN
Two years ago, CSC began a far-reaching transformation. Our objective was to fix the foundation of our company, realign the business to capitalize on the historic changes in our marketplace, and make rapid progress in becoming a next-generation IT leader.
Since then, President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Lawrie has led CSC on a disciplined journey of change and improve- ment that continues to create a more efficient, innovative and financially strong company today. Despite the major financial and operational challenges we faced when the transformation began, CSC has more than doubled in value over the past two years.
This year, the Board authorized action on several fronts to strengthen our financial position and accelerate CSC’s momentum toward market leadership. We welcomed two new Board members, Nancy Killefer and Brian MacDonald. Both bring fresh perspectives to CSC and key skill sets in senior-level management and operations, international business experience and financial literacy expertise.
Strong execution by Mike and his leadership team resulted in a cost takeout of approximately $570 million during FY 2014. These savings and a strong balance sheet are enabling CSC to reinvest in our business to accelerate top-line growth, differentiate our offerings, develop our talent and improve our internal systems. Investments in additional salespeople, regional hubs and training drove stronger commercial bookings in the second half of the year.
The company also made a major push to assemble key assets, form strategic partnerships and hone the capabilities needed to become a leader in next-generation IT services. We acquired data analytics provider Infochimps, Inc. to bring our clients “as-a-service” big data platforms, and we acquired cloud management platform leader ServiceMesh to help clients integrate their multivendor clouds with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft, VMware and others. We also created
new partnerships with HCL Technologies to lead in the
high-growth applications-modernization market, and with AT&T to leverage its investment in cloud and networks. These actions enable CSC to broaden our market reach and capture additional next-generation opportunities.
As we took these significant steps to improve our capabilities, the company also continued to implement delivery excellence programs that enhance our responsiveness to clients. As a result, CSC achieved significantly higher client satisfaction scores this year.
In addition, our company continues to return cash to share- holders. CSC repurchased 9.8 million shares for approximately $505 million, and the company declared $118 million in dividends during FY 2014.
Through our commitment to corporate responsibility, CSC continued to demonstrate our ability to act in the best interests of clients, shareholders, suppliers and the broader communities in which we work. CSC was recently recognized by CR Magazine as one of the Top 100 Best Corporate Citizens.
While CSC has become much stronger in a relatively short time, I firmly believe that even brighter days are ahead. With ongoing cost discipline, further improvements in sales and delivery, and strategic investment in offerings and new capabilities, we are creating a solid foundation for growth. We are poised to deliver better results and additional value to our clients and shareholders.
Thank you for being a stockholder and for the trust you have placed in CSC.
Rodney F. Chase Chairman
CSC 2014 ANNUAL REPORT | 1
