Michael W. Laphen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

to our shareholders
I. Changing Markets, Significant Achievements
FISCAL YEAR 2010 IN REVIEW

Three years ago, we began transforming significant aspects of our business to create a more high-growth, proactive, and innovative CSC. Over that time, we built a client-centric go-to-market approach, supported by industryaligned sales, marketing, and delivery capability. We relocated our corporate headquarters from California to the Washington, DC, area to improve collaboration with our public sector clients and to co-locate our management team. We built a full global delivery capability that offers clients skills and resources wherever they operate, while adding capacity in geographies with competitive price points. We also balanced our portfolio across the commercial and public sectors and diversified our service mix in consulting, systems integration, and managed services. As we set out to implement additional improvements this fiscal year, the global marketplace continued to change dramatically. Financial sector turmoil limited access to credit. Organizations in all industries curtailed spending. Quarter by quarter some of the most venerable businesses in the world were forced to reinvent themselves, and major industries confronted disruptive regulatory change. At a time when common sense says that all companies might retrench, CSC grew stronger. I'm pleased to report that our disciplined financial management and ability to implement new operational improvements, when joined with our tradition of delivery excellence, enabled us to enhance our competitive position in a challenging business environment.

1

meeting ambitious targets
This year CSC vaulted 15 places up the Fortune 500 and was recognized for our increasing market influence with our first-ever Fortune World's Most Admired ranking. Today, CSC is delivering outstanding financial and operational performance with steady improvements to operating margins and free cash flow. We increased profitability by fine-tuning operations, skillfully managing expenses, and improving our cost structure. We resolved long-term risks to cash and earnings posed by growing pension liabilities. And we set a company record with $19.2 billion in new business bookings in 2010--which positions the company to deliver revenue growth in Fiscal Year 2011. Throughout the year we provided our shareholders with greater transparency into our financial performance and future outlook. As we looked within to tap new sources of value, we also brought an even greater focus to the foundation of our 50-year success: delivery excellence. This year, we helped thousands of clients worldwide gain competitive advantage from sophisticated IT solutions that enable top-line growth, improve service to the citizen, increase speed to market, or create greater costefficiency. Through these flexible and innovative solutions, we enable clients to achieve their business or mission objectives and effectively manage their risk, enhancing their business confidence. During the year, several competitors were acquired by larger hardware-centric companies drawn to the attractive attributes of the IT services industry. In the face of industry consolidation, CSC continues to stand apart as an objective, independent service provider with the ability to leverage more than 100 hardware and software partner alliances to bring the best solution to our clients. Today, we feel confident that our differentiation and the strategic actions we've taken over the past three years will enable us to continue achieving success with clients and shareholders.

2

$19.2

8.75%

$16.5

$16.7

$16.1

$16.2

8.25%

2008

$15.6

2008

2008

7.98%

2009

2009

2009

2008

32%

2009

2010

2010

2010

92%
Net Income

bookings in billions

revenue in billions

operating margin

free cash flow/ attributable to CSC common shareholders

II. Financial and Business Highlights
OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE: MEETING AMBITIOUS FINANCIAL TARGETS

Despite a challenging business environment that constrained revenue, our projections for 2010 guidance included growth in new business awards, ongoing margin improvements, growth in earnings per share, and strong cash generation. CSC delivered results that met or exceeded our guidance:  $19.2 billion in new business awards, an increase of 19 percent over the previous year and our highest to date. Additionally, 70 percent of these bookings were attributed to new logos and/or new services.  Revenue in line with our guidance, despite a difficult global economic environment.  Improvement in operating income margins by 50 basis points to a record 8.75 percent. Over the past five years, our operating margin has increased by 195 basis points.  Earnings per share of $5.28.  Strong cash generation equal to 99 percent of net income attributable to CSC common shareholders.  A strengthened balance sheet reflecting a cash balance of $2.8 billion, up from $2.3 billion for the previous year and after the repayment of $500 million of debt.  Removal of the risk of a growing pension liability by freezing our defined benefit plans in the U.S. in Fiscal Year 2010 and the U.K. in Fiscal Year 2011.

3

2010

99%

CSC continues to evaluate the highest and best uses of cash. With confidence in our future cash flows, in May 2010 we initiated a quarterly cash dividend for shareholders.
POSITIONED TO SEIZE OPPORTUNITIES WORLDWIDE

During the past fiscal year, CSC built on existing strengths to capture opportunities in important growing segments of our markets. Cyber Security As a leader in the rapidly growing cyber security market, we currently protect the world's most sensitive data across the public and private sectors, from the U.S. Department of Defense and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to global banks and chemical companies. During the past fiscal year, we won four major cyber awards, achieved a prestigious testing certification, and welcomed experienced new leaders to our cyber practice. Cloud Computing Building on our decades of experience managing complex IT environments, we helped several clients access the on-demand flexibility and costeffectiveness of cloud computing. We not only extended our relationship with leading technology partners for cloud software products, but we also won the largest-ever cloud project in the public sector. Health IT This year, CSC won multi-billion dollar contracts with Zurich Financial, the U.S. Department of State, Raytheon, United Technologies Corporation, and other leading organizations. CSC's support of major healthcare IT initiatives in the U.S., U.K., Australia, and China positions us to capitalize on the expected growth in the global health IT marketplace. Our systems and solutions for England's National Health Service now facilitate the delivery of healthcare services to more than 15 million patients. We also built and manage the large-scale eMedNY system, which has enabled the state of New York to offer better service to providers and become a national leader in Medicaid management. This year we were ranked by respected health IT analyst KLAS as the leading consultancy for key healthcare IT solutions. Emerging Markets We built on our capabilities in regions with high-growth potential and globally leveraged talent pools, including India, China, South Asia, and Eastern Europe. And in Latin America, our strategic acquisition of one of Brazil's leading consulting practices enabled us to establish a more significant and influential presence in one of the world's largest emerging markets. Our presence in these markets allows us to expand our services to our multinational clients, while providing opportunity to introduce new offerings to serve local clients.

III. A Responsible Corporate Leader
DEVELOPING OUR WORKFORCE. INVESTING IN OUR WORLD.

The CSC corporate responsibility commitment embraces all aspects of our business--increasing shareholder value, investing in our employees and providing a stimulating work environment, delivering superior services to

4

advancing healthcare around the world
CSC has been instrumental in building the national electronic health systems in the U.K., Denmark, and the Netherlands, as well as the successful statewide electronic health exchange in Massachusetts, U.S. Today we are helping the U.K. National Health Service shape the future of health IT by giving approximately 60 percent of the English population ready access to convenient, secure, and cost-effective electronic health records. CSC met a significant milestone this year with our one-thousandth system installation for general practitioners, and our solution currently enables over 50 million secure patient consultations every month.

SAFEGUARDING THE world's most sensitive data

This year, CSC was named to the Business in the Community (BITC) Top 100, a prestigious industry recognition for corporate responsibility excellence.

our customers, optimizing finite resources and lowering operating costs, and minimizing our environmental impact through Green initiatives. Our Employees This fiscal year our 94,000 professionals accessed millions of training hours to improve their advanced technology and leadership skills. The people of CSC speak dozens of languages and work out of more than 550 CSC locations as they serve clients in 90 countries worldwide. Diversity is a core CSC value, and in FY10 we were recognized by CAREERS & the disABLED magazine as one of America's Top 50 Employers for People with Disabilities. Our Clients Throughout the year we demonstrated the depth of our commitment to our clients' success and produced results aligned with their unique objectives, whether it was simplifying claims submission for flood victims, enabling businesses to shrink their carbon footprint, helping government agencies modernize their supply chains, collaborating with leading banks to help mortgageholders remain in their homes, or protecting workers in hazardous environments. Our Communities We recently increased our support of the American Red Cross and other organizations as part of our corporate giving program. At the same time, CSC employees around the world volunteered their time and energy to establish schools in impoverished areas, support wounded warriors and their caregivers, and raise money to fight multiple sclerosis and cancer.

6

City of Los Angeles Soars Into the Cloud with Cost Savings and Better Service To Its Citizens
The City of Los Angeles sought to provide its 30,000 users with a cost-effective e-mail system that featured cutting-edge functionality. Upgrading the in-house system would have meant large capital investment in a time of historic budget pressures.  Estimated cost savings of 43 percent over five years Based on our experience creating complex e-mail systems, the City asked CSC to collaborate with alliance partner Google on an advanced cloud computing solution. Adhering to an accelerated schedule, we are successfully delivering the largestever cloud project in the public sector and bringing the convenience of Gmail and the flexibility of Google Apps to the City's workforce in less than one year.  New features such as iPhone compatibility and videoconferencing  Customized security for first responders and improved disaster recovery This industry-leading collaboration is already enabling the City to achieve cost savings while enhancing functionality, and to better serve citizens while maximizing the value of taxpayer dollars:

Our Environment CSC is a recognized world leader in environmentally sustainable business practices, including Green IT. By automatically and safely powering down more than 25,000 desktop computers during non-work hours, we anticipate saving more than 25 million kW hours of electricity this year. Recently, SAP named us a Sustainability Partner of the Year for our commitment to helping clients benefit from environmentally friendly business practices.

IV. Looking Ahead
With a strong financial foundation, increasingly efficient operations, significant new business bookings, and a proven ability to help clients reduce costs, discover new ways to ease regulatory compliance, and transform their organizations to enhance competitive advantage, CSC stands ready to build on the momentum we created over the past three years to accelerate growth as we look ahead. Target High-Growth Markets We are leveraging our deep public sector cyber security experience to meet increased commercial demand. We are uniquely qualified to help organizations move to the cloud with Trusted Cloud and other offerings. And we are poised to capture market share related to increased government healthcare spending across the globe. Grow Our Public Sector Business As we focus on helping the U.S. Federal Government address critical priorities

7

OUR CASE FOR INVESTMENT
Over the past three years, CSC has made significant progress improving the operational and financial performance of the company, while strengthening our ability to serve clients worldwide. CSC is a leader in the IT services industry, a source of innovation for our clients, a great place to work for our people, and a potentially rewarding investment for our shareholders. In the year ahead, we look forward to creating shareholder value as a result of CSC's:  Excellent Market Position. A trusted partner to more than 2,500 public and private organizations worldwide, a Fortune Top 150 company, and a Fortune Top 5 IT services leader. In terms of global presence, a full range of service offerings, and technology independence, CSC stands alone.  Sustained Financial Performance. Improved operating margins; high quality of earnings evidenced by strong cash flow performance; strong earnings per share; and the initiation of a dividend.  Balanced Portfolio. Effective risk mitigation with geographic, industry, and service portfolio diversification.  Strong Balance Sheet. An investment-grade credit rating with the cash flow necessary to support the company's growth objectives.  Positioned for Top-Line Growth. A strong trend in new business bookings and a powerful competitive position in areas of increasing market demand, including cyber security, cloud computing, health IT, and other growing solution areas. Strengthened competitive advantage--given recent industry consolidation--as a global technology services provider independent of proprietary hardware conflicts of interest.

Photo:

Michael J. Mancuso Chief Financial Officer

Michael W. Laphen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

in healthcare, cyber security, logistics, identity management, training, and climate change, we are also very strongly positioned to collaborate with governments in Europe, Australia, and other regions on common interests such as rail transport solutions that increase travel and revenue and visa processing systems that improve convenience, efficiency, and security. Provide Innovative, Industry-Focused Services To keep our clients ahead of the curve, we are bringing innovations such as industry-specific Business Process Outsourcing, business-focused analytics, premise-free business services, and next-generation IT transformation. Maintain Delivery Excellence CSC clients--the world's largest commercial enterprises and government organizations--rely on us to successfully deliver on their most important initiatives. From helping to shape the future of health IT to reengineering core business processes, from aligning IT and business strategies to delivering the benefits of the cloud, and from managing complexity to safeguarding sensitive data and irreplaceable assets--we are committed to delivering for them. Fulfill Corporate Responsibility Commitments CSC takes seriously the 21st-century imperative that to be truly successful and sustainable a business must be a responsible global citizen in its social, environmental, and financial impacts.

We enter our 52nd year of IT leadership with a realistic understanding of market conditions balanced by a sense of optimism about our ability to capitalize on opportunities in high-growth solution areas, industries, and geographies.

All of us at CSC are proud of what we accomplished this year--particularly our outstanding financial performance, dividend declaration, and record-setting new business bookings--and we are eager to approach the year ahead with the same strong commitment to creating value for you, our shareholder. Bringing our more than 50 years of history and success to bear on the latest challenges of our highly competitive industry, we will continue to drive toward our strategic objectives and further improve the performance of our company. We thank you for your ongoing support of CSC.

Michael W. Laphen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

9

