To Our Shareholders: Fiscal 2007 was another year of solid performance by CSC. We achieved revenues from continuing operations of $14.9 billion and had record free cash flow. We set a new record for total announced business awards of $16.9 billion. We continue to strengthen our position as a leader in the information technology services industry, with solid performance globally across vertical industries and with a technically advanced work force of approximately 79,000 dedicated employees.
We took aggressive actions throughout the year to address issues of operational efficiency and to ensure that CSC is positioned to provide improved returns. Overall, our balance sheet is solid, with year-end cash and equivalents in excess of $1 billion, debt to total capitalization at 20.4%, and net operating cash less investing cash generation of over $700 million. At the beginning of the fiscal year, we initiated an aggressive restructuring program to address excess capacity in certain geographies, especially in Europe. The restructuring program is nearing completion, and we can report that it has been successful in addressing some critical concerns for CSC. The costs associated with the restructuring will be offset by a more appropriate alignment of resources with opportunities, better positioning us to compete in critical markets. On June 29, 2006 we announced a share repurchase program that will involve an overall investment of up to $2 billion. At the time of the announcement, this was equivalent to approximately 19% of the company's outstanding shares. The repurchase program is progressing as planned, even as CSC continues to pursue attractive operating investments. We are optimistic about the company's prospects and excited by the opportunities we see for continued growth. New technologies, market opportunities and customer demands are reshaping the information technology services industry, and we are confident that CSC will remain a leading performer in this space. The business results from the year support this conclusion. While there continue to be challenges in Europe, we followed the initial award of the landmark NHS contract with a major geographic expansion which, if all options are exercised, is valued at $3.73 billion over the nine years of the contract. This expansion is a clear demonstration of the success CSC has achieved in the first phase of the project, and we are excited by the opportunity to apply our deep technology resources to one of the most far-reaching and complex technology projects currently underway anywhere.

1

Other contract signings in Europe indicate continued prospects for growth in the region, including an important program with UKvisas that builds on CSC's world-class capabilities in transformational programs in the public sector. Additionally, the UK's leading hospitality company, Whitbread, awarded CSC a contract extension and expansion continuing to 2012. Elsewhere in our commercial markets, our Financial Services Group continued to deliver worldclass industry expertise and intellectual property to customers in the banking, insurance and capital markets. As an example of our global reach in this market, we signed an agreement to provide IT support services to DnB Nor, Norway's largest financial services group. Demonstrating the wide variety of industries and customers we support, CSC also announced contract awards from Newmont Mining, a natural resources firm with global operations. A new agreement with BlueScope Steel Ltd. extends the scope of our existing work with the international flat steel solutions company, part of record signings by our Australian operations. Our United States federal government business also delivered powerful performance and significant new contract signings. CSC is a leading provider of information and technology expertise to the U.S. federal government, and new announced business awards included the U.S. Air Force Expeditionary Combat Support System (ECSS), and the U.S. Army Information Technology Enterprise Solutions-2 Services (ITES-2S) contract. Our deep expertise in the areas of homeland security and information security places us in an advantageous position for the pursuit of additional growth. The ECSS award further strengthens our HGMS in the Defense Logistics marketplace. There also are growth opportunities in state governments for federally mandated and supported programs, such as our successful project with the New York State Medicaid Management Information System, for which we received an important new contract extension. Identity management and credentialing is a market segment of strategic importance to our federal customers. We strengthened our ability to provide solutions in this industry with the December acquisition of Datatrac Information Services. The acquisition also expands the company's customer contact solution offerings to clients across the broad U.S. federal market. At the beginning of Fiscal 2008, we announced an internal realignment of CSC Federal Sector organization to better position us to pursue these and other growth opportunities. Renamed the North American Public Sector, this organization continues to represent the best of CSC technology and business solutions, supporting nearly every major agency and department of the U.S. government, and now including operations in Canada, as well. We also announced the expansion of our World Sourcing model by establishing a new delivery center in Prague, Czech Republic. CSC's World Sourcing model provides clients with the regional resources that best meet their specific needs while offering consistent, 24/7 follow-the-sun support in compliance with global standards and best practices. The center's opening will provide increased capacity to deliver results that address our clients' most pressing business needs.

2

On May 21, 2007 we announced that Mike Laphen, CSC's president and chief operating officer, had been elected to succeed me as CEO effective May 22, 2007, and as Chairman effective July 30, 2007. Mike joined CSC in 1977, and has held a succession of significant management positions, demonstrating leadership and vision while making outstanding contributions to the company throughout. Mike has also been a driving force in the development and launch of the new strategic initiatives described below, and he is the right person to lead CSC into a new era of growth. It is particularly rewarding to be able to continue the CSC tradition of finding our next generation of leadership from within.

We recognize that, in order to deliver the growth commensurate with CSC's potential, we must continue to evolve CSC to respond to market dynamics and changing customer needs, as well as the emergence of new technologies. Throughout our history, CSC has demonstrated impressive flexibility, and despite continual changes in the information technology services marketplace, the company has thrived. While the results we report in Fiscal 2007 are satisfactory, we are confident in the company's potential to achieve more impressive growth, and we are determined to deliver the full potential of CSC to our shareholders. In recognition of the need to expedite growth, we have launched "Project Accelerate," a set of ambitious strategic initiatives designed to position CSC to deliver improved growth and a higher-margin mix of business across the company. Project Accelerate comprises five primary initiatives: Reposition Global Outsourcing While our commitment to our current customers and to the large-scale outsourcing market remains as firm as ever, we must respond to the emergence of a mid-sized outsourcing market. Our strategy will position CSC to compete effectively for mid-sized deals, both domestically and internationally, while preserving our leadership role in the large global outsourcing market. Business Solutions & Services CSC will make significant investments to add to our global expertise in key vertical markets, and to add world-class intellectual property to allow us to provide superior business solutions to our customers. As with the repositioning of global outsourcing, we will sharpen our focus on vertical markets that represent the most significant growth opportunities for business solutions, including the public sector, financial services, healthcare services and manufacturing/aerospace, as well as chemical/energy/natural resources, and technology and consumer markets. This initiative will drive significant change within our organization as we move aggressively to take a leadership role in the markets that represent the most fertile areas for growth. Geographic Operations As stated earlier, we have moved decisively to improve our competitive position in Europe, and we will continue to focus on driving profitability and growth there and throughout the world.

3

In addition, we will seek opportunities to extend the CSC World Sourcing model to include other centers of low-cost, resource-rich technology support around the globe. We will seek to build a presence in areas that include not only Eastern Europe, as with our Prague center, but also China and Latin America, in order to better serve our global customers. Optimize India's Potential In order to maximize the growth potential in India, we have launched India Direct, which includes an independent sales channel to compete directly with the Indian technology service providers. This effort recognizes a major growth opportunity to capitalize upon our sizeable and growing India presence, and to extend into new markets. In April 2007, we announced an agreement to acquire Covansys, a U.S.-based information technology services provider with more than 70% of its more than 8,400 employees in India, bringing CSC's India work force to nearly 14,000 people. When completed, the acquisition of Covansys will be an excellent addition to CSC, and is expected to bolster our global systems integration and outsourcing capabilities. Continue to Focus on Public Sector Already a key part of the CSC's business, our North American Public Sector organization has sizable growth potential, and our future plan has ambitious goals. While maintaining and extending our Tier 1 status, we also will selectively target key opportunities in state and local governments where federally funded work matches our services portfolio. We are convinced that the changes we are making as part of Project Accelerate will reinvigorate our growth. We will be better aligned with industries and geographies that offer growth and, as a result, CSC will become stronger and more effective.
4

We will become a more proactive, aggressive competitor, and our employees can expect increased opportunities to enhance careers and drive change. We are proud of the quality and capabilities of our people, who daily demonstrate CSC's hallmark dedication to customer satisfaction. Together, across cultures and time zones, in many languages, they collaborate effectively to deliver the innovative business-focused technology solutions that yield the results we are proud to present in this report. Ultimately, our goal remains to better serve our customers, and to remain clearly focused on and dedicated to delivering business value, while driving increased value to our shareholders. Sincerely,

Van B. Honeycutt Chairman June 15, 2007

