TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS

Fiscal 2008 was a year of solid performance by CSC. We achieved revenues of $16.5 billion, up 11%, and delivered free cash flow, consistent with our guidance. We set a new record for total announced business awards within our North American Public Sector line of business of $11.3 billion. Overall, our balance sheet is solid, with approximately $700 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand at year-end. With an enviable set of world-class customers, 89,000 dedicated employees and operations in 55 countries, CSC is a formidable global competitor -- a remarkable company with significant long term potential. Our 2,500 clients rely on CSC to deliver, and they tell us that we are second to none in the delivery of mission critical services and solutions.
Building upon this foundation of delivery excellence, we inaugurated Project Accelerate, our global growth initiative designed to invigorate and position our business for a new level of success. Project Accelerate is focused on long-term, sustainable profitable growth for CSC. CSC is a global technology and business services company and going forward, will be operating in three lines of business: North American Public Sector, Global Outsourcing Services, and Business Solutions and Services. North American Public Sector (NPS) ended fiscal 2008 as a $5.8 billion business, comprising 35% of CSC's revenue. We are fully dedicated to sustaining and growing our core Record new business announcements within our North American Public Sector this year demonstrated the wide array of capabilities and services employed by CSC to support the U.S. public sector, including awards with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency; U.S. General Services Administration; Internal Revenue Service; and National NPS, with its strong market position and extensive client footprint across the U.S. federal government, provided a record $11.3 billion in announced new-business in fiscal 2008. U.S. federal government business, investing in key market segments to achieve higher growth, and expanding our business in U.S. state and local governments and Canada.

1

Security Agency. Other awards included NetCentric Enterprise Services for the Defense Information Systems Agency's ServiceOriented Architecture foundation program; the USAF Eastern Range Technical Services contract; facility support services at the NASA Johnson Space Center; IT support services for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Citizenship and Immigration Services; and an agreement to provide IT services for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Global Outsourcing Services (GOS) is a $6.7 billion business responsible for the delivery of outsourcing services to our clients, globally. Overall, GOS comprises 41% of the CSC portfolio. Applications outsourcing comprises about 30% of its business base, the remainder being infrastructure outsourcing. We created Global Outsourcing Services to enable CSC to manage and deliver our large IT outsourcing engagements through a single, consistent, globally leveraged model. Additionally, we expanded our market focus to include midsize deals (transactions ranging from $50 to $350 million in total contract value). The midsize initiative within GOS added significant new business in its first year, contributing both revenue and margin growth, while we also continue to extend our traditional strength in the large-scale global outsourcing market. In fiscal 2008, we extended our valued relationship with Sun Microsystems Inc., reaching a global IT applications management services agreement under which we will provide

all applications development and support services for Sun's business applications portfolios. Other signings include a five-year, multimillion-dollar IT services contract with Eaton Corporation, and an IT outsourcing contract extension with General Dynamics Armament and Technical Products, a business unit of General Dynamics. In Europe, we agreed to a five-year IT outsourcing contract renewal with TrygVesta, the second-largest insurance company in the Nordic region; and a seven-year IT services contract with CACEIS, one of Europe's leading financial services providers. New business awards within the midsize market include an agreement with the University of Pennsylvania Health System, and, in Europe, the UK Network Rail system and an outsourcing agreement with Det Berlingske Officin, a major newspaper publisher in Denmark. Business Solutions and Services (BS&S) comprises 24% of CSC, delivering $4 billion of revenue. It is our fastest growing and most profitable sector. We address our markets through six industry verticals, providing industry specific solutions and services, including industry specific business process outsourcing as well as intellectual property (IP)-based software solutions. BS&S offers customers a full range of consulting and systems integration services as well as a broad portfolio of India based solutions and services. New services and solutions business awards included Western & Southern Financial Group

2

and a 10-year business process outsourcing With its three lines of business, CSC is one (BPO) contract with Wilton Re. We also of the very few companies to successfully continued our important relationship with offer a balanced portfolio of solutions and Swiss Re, the world's leading reinsurer, services across both the public and comwith a seven-year contract extension. In mercial sectors. We believe this portfolio addition, we signed a three-year IT services positions CSC for sustained long-term growth contract with international oil and gas group and provides CSC and its investors substantial Woodside, Australia's largest publicly traded mitigation of cyclical economic risk. The oil and gas exploration and production performance of our public sector business company. is largely independent of global economic cycles. Our outsourcing business provides A key component of our business solutions and profitable, long term annuity revenue and, services strategy is to bolster our vertical generally, operates well in economic downindustry growth potential through acquisition, turns as potential clients then look to lower and we made two important acquisitions their internal operating costs. Our BS&S during the year: Covansys Corporation and sector enables growth and enhanced First Consulting Group (FCG). profitability whenever businesses seek to improve their competitive advantage. Approximately 8,000 employees from our The combination of these three lines of Covansys acquisition augment our strategic business provides CSC growth, long-term outsourcing and technology solutions in stability and competitive advantage. the healthcare, financial services, retail and distribution, manufacturing, telecom- CSC is a global company -- we deliver to the munications and high-tech industries. This world from around the world. As such, we acquisition accomplishes the important are especially proud of the progress made in goal of bolstering our offshore resources fiscal 2008 to achieve a balanced, globally in India, while complementing our global diverse workforce. Exiting fiscal 2008, vertical industry offerings and enhancing 29% of CSC employees worked for the our global footprint. North American Public Sector, 25% worked in the Americas, 22% of our staff worked The acquisition of First Consulting Group in EMEA, and 24% of our population worked deepens our expertise and intellectual in Asia/Pacific. property associated with the key healthcare vertical market and expands our global We have chosen to address our markets and delivery capabilities, including important new our customers through six industry verticals. capability based in Vietnam. The addition of Four of these verticals were launched in FCG to CSC significantly strengthens our fiscal 2008 and the remaining two will be healthcare offerings while expanding our launched this fiscal year (2009). Four of healthcare presence in the United States, these six verticals have revenues in excess Europe and Asia. of $2.5 billion. The remaining two are billion

3

dollar businesses, providing sufficient scale to ensure that CSC will be a formidable competitor in each of our markets. By facing our customers vertically, we hope to improve the breadth as well as the depth of the CSC's value proposition, improving organic growth.

Additionally, we announced the relocation of our corporate headquarters from California to Falls Church, Virginia which for some years has been our operational headquarters. This will improve communications and strengthen both corporate and operational efficiencies. During fiscal 2008 we completed the

We created the Global Office of Sales and Marketing to drive our sales and marketing culture. Accordingly, fiscal 2009 will see the launch of a new branding campaign to reposition and improve CSC's brand equity across all of our stakeholder communities. During fiscal 2008 we evaluated and redesigned the incentive programs of the company to align with our strategic objectives. Cash flow performance has been more heavily weighted in our annual incentive programs. Sales incentives have been revised to reward the cross-selling collaboration seen as critical for enhanced revenue growth. The Senior Executive compensation program has been revised to include a three-year program for long term improvements in revenue growth and return on invested capital. These changes in our performance based incentive programs align executive and shareholder interests over both shortand long-term horizons.

share repurchase program announced on June 29, 2006, involving an overall investment of approximately $2 billion and the repurchase of 40.7 million shares. CSC also strengthened its financial position, in a very difficult credit market, through the successful placement of $1.7 billion in long-term debt. I am honored to represent CSC -- a company with a market reputation for delivery second to none; a company with a long term strategy and a well defined set of objectives; and a company focused on achieving a new level of performance and a market valuation commensurate with its long-term potential. Sincerely,

4

Michael W. Laphen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer June 13, 2008

