  “CSC and the Board are making swift, substantive changes to address our challenges and set the course for a more profitable trajectory. Our talented
and passionate workforce, global capabilities, diverse solutions portfolio and large client base strongly position the company to improve and deliver shareholder value in the future.”
    Rodney F. Chase
Chairman

FROM OUR CHAIRMAN
Dear CSC Shareholders,
Over the past year, CSC has experi- enced a number of significant challenges that our Board has addressed with great urgency. Our decisions were aimed at developing the leadership capability, accountabil- ity and governance required to improve our performance, deliver greater value to our shareholders
and position CSC for the future.
In February 2012, the Board appointed Mike Lawrie as CSC’s new President and Chief Executive Officer. Mike brings decades of leadership in the IT industry and upholds a reputation for driving operational excellence, championing innovation and creating value for clients and shareholders. We believe that Mike’s extensive experience in revitalizing global enterprises and implementing turnaround programs
is fundamental as we strengthen our business and create a clear strategy to help CSC innovate, compete and improve profitability.
Since officially joining the company
in March, Mike has met and spoken with investors, clients, employees and analysts around the world, intently refining our business strategy and operating model for moving CSC forward. He has communicated to
the Board and to our 98,000 employ- ees that his immediate priorities
are to fix the company’s short-term challenges and remove barriers to increased profitability.
As such, Mike is also focused on strengthening the executive leadership team. He is committed to appointing leaders who are decisive, accountable and results-oriented and, most impor- tant, who uphold our core ethics and values. Mike has already brought on
new leadership and perspectives, and you’ll see more appointments in the coming months.
With the appointment of Mike Lawrie as President and Chief Executive Officer, the Board also appointed me to serve as non-executive Chairman following my service to the Board as a director since 2001. The Board recognizes that the separation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman positions through an independent Chairman represents good corporate governance that will help enhance independent oversight and more closely align the Board with our shareholders.
CSC and the Board are making swift, substantive changes to address our challenges and set the course for a more profitable trajectory. Our talented and passionate workforce, global capabilities, diverse solutions portfolio and large client base strongly position the company to improve and deliver shareholder value in the future. The Board is confident that Mike has the vision and wide-ranging experience to build on this foundation and lead CSC forward into a new era of success.
Rodney F. Chase
Chairman
 CSC 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
1
