 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
This year, CSC celebrates its 50th anniversary with solid results. For 50 years, we’ve upheld an unwavering commitment to help our clients achieve their missions. Our forward thinking has created market opportunity for our clients and for CSC as well. We have grown to become a strong, global IT competitor with 92,000 dedicated employees, operations across the globe, and an enviable set of world-class clients and alliance partners.
While 50 years is a significant milestone for any business, it is especially meaningful given today’s realities. Therefore, our attention remains focused on assuring an ever better future. Firstly, we will build on our legacy of using Information Technology to deliver the services and business solutions critical to our clients. Secondly, we will work to continually improve our financial performance, creating value for all our stakeholders.
In fiscal year 2009, CSC delivered solid performance under difficult market and economic conditions. CSC’s financial accomplishments included exceptional free cash flow generation of $1,021 million1, record GAAP earnings of $7.31 per share and achievement of our operating margin improvement goals.
Despite unprecedented currency volatility, we posted $16.74 billion in revenue, a 1.5%
increase over last year, and drove a 4% increase in bookings to $16.2 billion. We ended
the fiscal year with a strong net-debt to capital ratio of 20% and a cash balance of 1 approximately $2.3 billion, which provides continuing flexibility in the funding of our
foreseeable business needs.
While there is continued uncertainty about the marketplace, CSC is well positioned to bring sustainable value to our shareholders. We will continue to be proactive in our strategy to meet our clients’ rapidly changing needs, make the tough decisions required by the current environment and invest prudently in our future.
 FY09 Highlights and Accomplishments
Over the past year, we’ve taken important strides to strengthen CSC’s position as a world leader in global IT services.
Early in fiscal year 2009, we launched a new go-to-market strategy to bring clients
the full range of CSC’s global services and solutions. And, to set CSC apart in the marketplace, we launched a bold, new brand that reinforces who we are, what we do and how we’re different. Employee, market and client reactions have all been positive.
 1 Reconciliation to operating cash flow is set forth on page 26 of the attached Annual Report on Form 10-K.

 We also aligned our organization into three lines of business in order to focus our client relationships through the lens of their industry, drive collaboration and innovation, and increase our speed to market:
• Business Solutions and Services (BSS) aligns our consulting business with our industry verticals to operate as one global team. A vertically focused consulting and systems integration capability allows us
to leverage our deep industry expertise to provide clients with innovative, end-to-end IT-enabled business solutions and services. This past year, BSS launched new products and sales programs to drive growth, global- ized consulting practices to reflect scale and market, and increased CSC’s visibility within important industry specific communities.
Comprising 26% of CSC’s total business, BSS posted annual revenues of $4.41 billion in fiscal year 2009, an increase of 8% over the prior year. Additionally, BSS realized overall bookings of $4.5 billion, a growth of approximately 9.7% over the previous year. Given the difficulty of the economic environment, we consider these results
2 quite positive.
Within its industry verticals, BSS realized many important accomplishments this fiscal year. The rapidly growing healthcare industry includes our ongoing work with the National Health Service (NHS) of England. Our support to the NHS program built real momentum this year across CSC’s entire suite of solutions. To date, CSC has com- pleted over 1,830 system deployments that support over 100,000 registered users providing for the health care needs of the British citizenry. Strong product sales for FirstDoc and FirstPoint demonstrated the successful completion of the integration of First Consulting Group, and two new BPO solutions (Medicare Part D and a Claims
Management solution for payers, including self-insured companies) generated important new business wins.
Our financial services industry vertical provided strong margin and cash perfor- mance despite the global difficulties in this market. Important new business activities included a significant expansion of our relationship with Zurich Financial Services Group. Solution and market innovations included the launch of a new solution for P&C insurance policy administration and the launch of the first business-to-business (B-to-B) social networking site for the insurance industry.
For companies in the chemical, energy, pharmaceutical and manufacturing industries, the movement and tracking of hazardous or restricted chemicals and materials is a complex issue with significant regulatory oversight. Within the European Union markets, legislative (REACH) compliance is now required. CSC is at the forefront of providing companies the services and solutions required to support their enterprise compliance and sustainability programs.
• Our Global Outsourcing Sector (GOS) unites the talent and resources of all our service delivery organizations to deliver applications management and outsourcing services, complementing our consulting and systems integration capabilities within BSS.
For fiscal year 2009, GOS comprised
38% of CSC’s total business and delivered revenues of $6.5 billion, down 4.4% year over year, but flat in constant currency. New business bookings were $4.4 billion, a 100% increase over the prior year’s results.
In outsourcing, Australia and Asia had an excellent year of performance with important
 
 new business bookings at Rio Tinto and the Australian headquartered BHP-B business units as well as major renewals at AMP and the Australian Department of Immigration and Citizenship. EMEA also had a strong year for new business with over 70% of announced awards being either new clients or new services/scope from existing clients including: Bombardier, Zurich Financial, Royal Mail Group, Virgin Atlantic, and TDC. In the Americas, outsourcing new wins included Chrysler, Exelon, and Hawker Beechcraft with extensions or renewals at BHP-Billiton Petroleum and Hyatt.
• Our third business unit is North American Public Sector (NPS). In fiscal year 2009, NPS secured $7.3 billion in new business awards and revenues of $5.98 billion, a revenue growth of 3.4% compared to fiscal year 2008. NPS comprises 36% of the CSC’s revenue portfolio, providing balance in our mix of public sector and commercial business.
We continue to focus on expanding our core U.S. Federal Government business, investing in high priority, high growth areas — such as healthcare, cyber-security and identity management, command and control, logistics and training — as well as branching out into state and local governments in the U.S. and Canada. We are well positioned to pursue opportunities resulting from government- led economic stimulus programs and the priorities of the new administration.
In the U.S. public healthcare market, NPS won a $265 million contract from the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services to replace the state’s current Medicaid Management Information System and secured a $322 million contract exten- sion with the New York State Department of Health, Office of Health Insurance Programs to support that state’s Medicaid management information system.
Other key new business wins include the NASA Hubble Space Telescope Program Support, the Army Systems Engineering and Integration Support PEO C3T for Future Battle Command Program, the Army Biometrics Operations and Support Services, the DHS Stennis Data Center, the USAF Contractor Field Teams contract, the GSA Alliant vehicle and the Navy SCORE Training Range, among many others.
With respect to our World Sourcing resources, in fiscal year 2009 we improved offshore utilization across all business units and strengthened our global delivery network by adding new centers in strategic geogra- phies, including Tianjin China, Lithuania
and Bulgaria. We will continue to expand our presence in targeted geographies to round out our skill, language and time zone coverage so we can deliver seamless, high value, price-competitive solutions for our clients — anytime, anywhere.
During fiscal year 2009, we also took a number of important actions to strengthen overall company performance, including:
• Consolidation of the corporate office in 3 Falls Church, Virginia, to improve effective-
ness and efficiency across the corporation.
• Adding new leadership and critical skills to the Finance organization. First, we appointed Michael Mancuso, a seasoned industry veteran, as CFO. Additionally, key internal depart- ments such as Tax were strengthened. As
a result, we remediated our Tax Accounting related material weakness, while delivering a major tax benefit to our bottom line results.
• Mitigating risk and uncertainty by drawing down our credit revolver in October of 2008 as the economic crisis deepened to ensure we had adequate liquidity during periods of financial market instability.
 
 4
• Focusing the business on cash and margin performance. With the global economy limiting top line performance, we put increased emphasis on the delivery of margin and cash commitments, including aggressive management of credit risk for both clients and suppliers.
• Improving the transparency of our reporting, by incorporating detailed presentation materials into our earnings call to ensure clarity and appropriate reconciliations and by holding the first of a planned series of Investor Conferences.
• Prudently pursuing acquisitions and divesti- tures which are important to our corporate strategy and consistent with our stringent management of cash. The CSA Malaysia privatization transaction was completed, enabling this key asset to be expanded and further developed as part of CSC’s global delivery system. Small, but strategic, acqui- sitions filled key technology and geographic niches within NPS and provided expansion in Bulgaria of a World Sourcing delivery center with language skills important within Europe as well as valuable industry skills.
The results of these actions can be seen in our financial performance and are reflected in our guidance for fiscal year 2010.
Going Forward
In today’s global economy, there is no doubt we need to maintain our focus on cost and operational efficiencies. We also understand that in order to succeed, we must innovate and continue to invest in our future.
We’ve gained traction in opportunities fueled by the uncertain market, such as helping clients improve efficiency and profitability. New offer- ings in remote infrastructure management, virtualization, cloud computing and application
management services address the immediate needs of clients to reduce costs and limit capital requirements while providing a rapid return on their investment. We also believe we are well positioned for the next growth phase of the outsourcing, infrastructure development and applications management markets.
We will aggressively pursue those public sector and commercial market segments that offer growth opportunities, including healthcare reform, cyber-security and identity management, and regulatory compliance.
In fiscal year 2010, we will continue to execute on our strategy by globalizing our operations, emphasizing segments of our markets that offer growth, and expanding our business solutions and services. These focus areas will help us grow operating margins and earnings per share, maintain solid cash performance and achieve strong bookings in accordance with our guidance.
I am proud of our accomplishments this fiscal year. We have not let the adversity and distrac- tion of the current market take us off course and have remained steadfast in our pursuit of our strategic goals and vision. We have reduced risk and uncertainty with the drawdown of our credit facility in October and have acted to remove future risk and uncertainty surrounding our major benefit plans.
Now, we look forward to continued improve- ment of our financial results as well as the transparency of our reporting. I thank you, our shareholders, for your support as we work together on positioning CSC for fiscal year 2010 and its next 50 years.
Michael W. Laphen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
June 9, 2009
  