Dear Fellow Shareholders

 
2013 was an exciting year of growth and transition for Chesapeake Energy.
We completed a major transformational initiative designed to drive greater value for our shareholders through profitable and sustainable growth. Chesapeake has an industry-leading portfolio of high-quality unconventional assets, and we are taking the necessary measures re­quired to drive business results that reflect our asset quality. I am very proud of our team as we rapidly achieved significant improvements in financial and operational performance through our focus on value creation. Chesapeake is positioned for further competitive and profitable growth, and we will relentlessly pursue our goal of becoming a top-performing E&P company.
We completed an organizational restructuring with a clear vision to align strategy and busi­ness priorities. In addition, we developed specific action plans to improve our capital efficiency, investment returns and cash flow growth. We conducted a critical evaluation of our assets and investment portfolio to determine how to further reduce our leverage and the complexity in our financial statements.
We implemented a new value-driven strategy based on two fundamental tenets: (1) financial
discipline; and (2) profitable and efficient growth from captured resources. Consistent with our strategy, we demonstrated significant progress in our investment quality, capital efficiency and cash cost management in 2013 . For the first time in the company's history, we established the essential linkage between corporate strategy, top-quartile performance metrics, performance management and employee compensation. We are ensuring the best investment opportunities are funded in our capital budget by relying upon value-based, competitive investment criteria. Integrated development strategies and business plans in our newly formed business units complement our focus on value creation and continuous improvement, and drive accountability through the organization.
Importantly, we launched a new company-wide core value system to guide our decisions and business practices. Our core values are the fabric that binds our employees together with a commitment to each other, our shareholders and other stakeholders as well as the environment. We will conduct our business in the spirit of and with a focus on servant leadership, compliance and value creation. Our core values also serve as a guide by which we measure each other, and by which our stakeholders can measure the company and our success.
Our total shareholder return and operating performance were outstanding in 2013. Rising 66%, our total shareholder return experienced top-quartile appreciation in 2013. Adjusting for divestitures, we recognized production growth of 11% in 2013, producing a Chesapeake record of 244  million barrels  of oil equivalent. We continued our focus on liquids growth, generating a five-year compounded annual growth rate of nearly 40%. We reduced 2013 combined production and general and administrative costs by $225 million compared to 2012. We reduced capital expenditures by 50% compared to 2012 , and we achieved significant improvements in capital efficiency and investment cycle times. In addition , we reduced our total leverage and obligations as well as financial complexity.
In 2014 we plan to further improve our capital efficiency, our financial leverage and our ability  to grow cash flow. We remain focused on execution, using the unique skill set of our Chesapeake team members. We also remain firmly committed to environmental and safety excellence in our operations and regulatory compliance.
Thank you for your investment in Chesapeake Energy. The powerful combination of our high-quality assets, motivated and talented employees, and a value-driven strategy provides a compelling growth opportunity to our investors. We are at the very beginning of the value capture era in our history. It is an exciting time at Chesapeake!



Robert Douglas Lawler President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
April 30, 2014




2013 ANNUAL REPORT
