Shareholders Letter

Dear Shareholders:
We made progress in 2003. A very strong performance in our commercial roofing business, coupled with improvements across many of our business units, supplied earnings growth of 23% and a return on beginning equity of 16%, as compared to 13% in the previous year. We finished the year with record sales of $2.11 billion driven primarily by strong organic growth. We believe that the best managed companies are the leanest; that is why year after year we have focused on developing cost-reduction strategies. In 2003, we made several consolidations that increased scale at some of our smaller operations, improved customer response time and provided a lower cost structure for future years. Some examples:

"Our atmosphere of high expectations . . . causes us to continuously redefine our success."

 We consolidated Carlisle Process Systems' business operations from ten reporting units to six,  We placed Carlisle Industrial Brake & Friction and Carlisle Motion Control under one management team, and  We positioned Carlisle Tire & Wheel and Carlisle Power Transmission's belt business under one management structure to extract synergies at a faster rate. We will continue to execute a significant number of improvement projects, driven by business conditions and our internal expectations for performance. This will continue until operating margins are at least 10% in each reporting segment. Carlisle's stock price increased significantly over the past year providing a return of 48%, outpacing several widely followed equity indices. When viewed over a ten-year period (see chart) you can see that increasing long-term shareholder value is something we take very seriously. We were also pleased to be able to increase dividends to our shareholders for the 27th consecutive year. While we manufacture a wide range of quality products, essentially we're in business to produce value for our customers and our shareholders. What enables us to do this is a unique Carlisle Culture which I believe distinguishes us as a company:  Management: Our division managers are leaders in their industries. They run their businesses as though they personally own them. They know their markets, their customers and their competitors and are continually looking for ways to grow their businesses. Our people working together get the job done year after year. We have established an atmosphere of high expectations at Carlisle, one that causes us to continuously redefine our success.

Carlisle FoodService is known for brand value, such as these high quality, commercial stainless steel stock pots

A Carlisle Power Transmission engineer calibrates computerized curing controls on newly installed belt production equipment

Page 4

Shareholders Letter
My goal is to:  Provide the operating environment that reinforces these activities, that enables, not controls, their efforts,  Leverage the strengths of the operating companies across Carlisle, and  Allocate the capital that their businesses generate.  Decentralization: A cornerstone of our success is our decentralized operating structure. We maintain a very small corporate staff that supports our 13 operating companies, which employ more than 11,000 people worldwide. We have grown because we let those who know their markets best, the company management, make the critical decisions. The corporate office exists to provide the resources to ensure those efforts; our focus is on helping, not on controlling. The operating management, in turn, takes ownership of their business. When the decisions are made closest to the customers, everyone is best served.  Positive Attitude: We seek to control our own operating environment. We work to build market leadership and to create enduring competitive advantage in all economic environments. We continually look for opportunities to enhance our products, to improve our customer service, to exceed our customers' demands for new and dynamic products, and to relentlessly pursue additional cost efficiencies. Our actions are only sufficient if they exceed our competitor's actions. While we welcome help from a healthy economy, we don't count on it. Nor do we expect any help from the marketplace; improvements must be driven internally. Our positive focus on what we can do to be successful drives our decision-making and creates solutions to the challenges of the marketplace. Our commitment to the highest ethical business practices guides our conduct. Our growth this past year is a result of a focused team effort. For that I thank our outstanding operating management and dedicated employees. Together they build quality products that generate value for every Carlisle shareholder. We don't spend much time reflecting on our achievements. While we take pride in our accomplishments this past year, we're clearly focused on the future. We're positioned to seize opportunities where we find them, create them when we don't, and continually challenge ourselves to grow our company and add value for our shareholders.

"We work to build market leadership and to create enduring competitive advantage in all economic environments."

Richmond D. McKinnish President and Chief Executive Officer

A Carlisle Power Transmission production associate uses an electronic belt analyzer to precisely measure critical dimensions of clothes dryer belts

Page 5

