Dear Shareholders:
Carlisle ended 2006 a more focused company and better positioned for growth. Finally, our major restructuring and divestures are complete. As part of our strategic initiatives, we completed the divestiture of our non-core businesses resulting in $100 million of cash to redeploy to our core operations. During 2006 our portfolio of companies, which have established leadership positions in their respective markets, continued to grow their market share through product development innovations, enhanced operational efficiencies and setting market-leading standards for customer service. Our success for the year is evidenced in our results: Sales from continuing operations were $2.6 billion which produced earnings per share from continuing operations of $5.69, representing increases of 17% and 32%, respectively, over 2005. EBIT margin (earnings before interest and taxes as a percent of sales) from continuing operations was 10.7% in 2006, up from 9.5% in 2005. And, I am pleased to report that we were again able to provide our shareholders with a dividend increase for the 30th consecutive year.
Carlisle continues to transform itself into a global manufacturer with increased international resources and enhanced production capabilities; yet we remain focused on growing our markets and meeting the product needs of our customers in North America. In recent years we ramped up our Asian manufacturing capacity, particularly for our tire and wheel, industrial transmission belt and braking products. Our goal is for the value of products manufactured overseas to double every three years. While we will continue to build our manufacturing capability globally, we anticipate that international sales will develop after we’ve gained additional leadership and market share in our North American markets.
A key focus for us is ensuring that all of our businesses will perform well in any economic environment. We’re not going to use external factors such as the cost of raw materials, GDP (Gross Domestic Product) indicators, business cycles and competitive maneuvering as ex- cuses for underperformance. We can only control what we do, and to that end we are making our manufacturing capabilities more flexible and responsive to change. We’re continually redefining what the lowest cost structure means and driving out cost from our products. We are constantly improving the level of our operational excellence and customer service. We plan to lead our markets, not follow them.
Our decentralized operating structure, which encourages decision-making at the local company level close to the customer, is a key component of Carlisle’s success. We believe this is the best structure by which true “ownership” can be achieved across the entire company. Our management team is held accountable for goals unique to their business units but with a focus on the long-term. In recent years we have changed our compensation structure, aligning our senior management’s goals with those of our shareholders. My job is to see that our management team has the resources to meet or exceed their goals. We leverage our corporate size when it’s beneficial to do so, and we decentralize control for the benefit of our companies’ growth. It’s a formula that has worked well for Carlisle and will not change. Through the pages of this report you will see some of the long-term employees who have helped to build Carlisle.
Our largest operating group is Construction Materials led by John Altmeyer, an 18-year Carlisle veteran. Our growth in sales for the year was 28% driven by new production and distribution capabilities we have put in place over the last several years including significant investment in our insulation business and an expansion of our geographic footprint. Our focus is on the total roofing solution while a key strategy is to expand into underserved geographical markets. The Construction Materials team is continuing to execute this strategy to serve the varying needs of our customers. We continue to invest in our Construction Materials businesses because we feel we still have significant growth potential.
Our Industrial Components operating group includes our specialty tire and wheel business, and our industrial transmission belt busi- ness. Barry Littrell, an 11-year Carlisle veteran, serves as group president. While we’ve been faced with challenging raw material cost increases, the strong position we hold in many of our markets is evidence of the strength of our business model. The consumer lawn and garden market, which includes equipment that homeowners might purchase at a mass market retailer, has experienced a drop in demand for the past few years; however, we have the leading share of the market for commercial lawn and garden which is experiencing meaning- ful growth. We are confident there are significant opportunities in this business and we expect to see much improvement in 2007.
Mike Popielec, group president of Diversified Components, joined Carlisle in 2005 and brought 18 years of significant manufactur- ing experience to Carlisle. These businesses, comprising the Diversified Components group, serve smaller specialty markets where we have strong competitive positions and each has excellent growth opportunity. Mike has just completed his first full year with Carlisle and is making certain that these businesses receive the resources they need to create competitive advantage and grow in their markets. We’re making capital investments in enhanced production capabilities in these businesses, and the outlook going forward remains very healthy. Each of these businesses has great upside potential as we execute strategies that are transforming some of them into significant growth platforms.
SIX
Carlisle Annual Report 2006
   
 Standing (l-r): Steven Ford, Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel; Barry Littrell, Group President, Industrial Components; Richmond McKinnish, President and CEO; Mike Popielec, Group President, Diversified Components; Scott Selbach, Vice President, Corporate Development, Kevin Forster, President, Carlisle Asia Pacific
Seated (l-r): John Altmeyer, Group President, Construction Materials, Carol Lowe, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
2006
During 2006 we acquired the assets of the Meiyan Tire Group in Guangdong, China. This strategic addition to Carlisle Tire & Wheel will enable us to internalize production and add capability for manufacturing larger tires for the agricultural and construction markets. We also expanded production of Tensolite’s cable assembly capabilities through the acquisition of a manufacturing facility in Dongguan City, China, which enhances our low cost positioning globally. We have a number of acquisition prospects in our pipeline; companies that would quickly add value to Carlisle in businesses where we already have leadership positions.
We have a solid, sustainable and responsible business plan that will serve us well going forward. We also believe that every business in our portfolio is a double digit EBIT business or, quite frankly, it wouldn’t be in our portfolio. We’re more focused than we’ve been in several years and very focused on the competitive position of each business. Every opportunity we consider for every business – whether it’s a new product, a manufacturing enhancement, an acquisition opportunity, or a capital investment – is determined by how this decision will help us to develop competitive advantage. We remain relentless in the pursuit of productivity gains and customer service excellence. We operate in an environment of perpetual discontent where each year drives us to do better than the year before. From one Carlisle company to the next, we’re growing and positioning ourselves with the goal of creating value that builds advantage; value for our customers that equates to value for our shareholders.
There is room for us to run. A more active acquisition effort, coupled with the strongest balance sheet we’ve had in several years, has
created a lot of optimism across our management team. We will continue to improve each business to ensure we’re agile enough to grow
regardless of external factors. We’ve got a committed team of people focused on making it all happen. We’re up to the challenges that,
no doubt, await us in 2007.
 SEVEN Carlisle Annual Report 2006
Richmond D. McKinnish
President and Chief Executive Officer
   