   Carlisle Companies Incorporated
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
SEVEN-YEAR TRANSFORMATION
Seven years ago we had nine businesses generating over- all operating profit margins below 10%. As a result, our price-to-earnings ratio was near the bottom of our Peer Group. To improve our valuation, we needed to grow the business, improve our profitability, reduce our working capital and globalize our customer base. We needed a new strategy. In 2007, we crafted our “5-15-30-15-15 Strategy” with one objective in mind: to improve returns
to our shareholders. To accomplish this, we needed to increasingly move toward manufacturing engineered prod- ucts that yield higher margins. We also recognized that we weren’t consistent in the way we managed our factories and unless we created a culture of continuous improve- ment, any gains made would be short term.
In 2007, the way that productivity was managed in our fac- tories was determined entirely by the Plant Manager. There was no standard “toolbox” used throughout Carlisle to improve safety, quality, delivery and cost. This approach was yielding results that were “okay,” but we are not driven by delivering “okay” results. We had to give the Plant Managers tools to ensure continuous improvement was occurring in every facility so they could standardize the way they managed our facilities, improve productivity and quality, and free up the cash trapped in our operations. That “toolbox” was the Carlisle Operating System, or COS as it is called internally.
For COS to be successful, the culture had to change.
I thought changing the culture at Carlisle would be a her- culean task because of our “acceptable” performance. The first challenge was to convince everyone that acceptable was not good enough. To my surprise, acceptance of COS caught on quickly. Since implementing COS, our sales have grown 80% (excluding discontinued operations), operating profit margins have improved from 10% to 13%, global sales increased from 11% to 24%, and working cap- ital from 23% to 18%, all while we maintained return on invested capital at approximately 14%. COS has yielded approximately $20 million in savings every year since 2009.
While COS was being implemented, we began our move from manufacturing commodity products to engineered products by selling five companies and closing one. The funds gained from selling these businesses allowed us
to complete acquisitions to increase the size of Carlisle Interconnect Technologies (CIT) 500% while improving its margins to nearly 20%, expand the technology base of
  Left to right: Scott Selbach, Vice President Corporate Development; Chris Koch, President and Chief Operating Officer; Dave Roberts, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Ford, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 5-15-30-15-15 STRATEGY
5-15-30-15-15 STRATEGY
$5 billion in sales
 15%
15%
return on invested capital
operating margins
   15%
30%
working capital
sales outside U.S.
2007
Divestiture of smaller non-core businesses
Introduction of COS
Acquisition of Hawk Wet Friction Business
    PG. 4

 Carlisle Brake & Friction (CBF) and globalize Carlisle Construction Materials (CCM). The money we invested in acquisitions not only came from the sale of non-core busi- nesses, but also from the cash we generated by being more efficient in the use of working capital. We invested
in six acquisitions at CIT, two at CBF and two at CCM, relying minimally on public debt markets and more on cash from operations.
The drive to grow our business and improve margins con- tinued in 2014 when we elected to expand our business platforms from four to five with the pending acquisition of Finishing Brands, which had been acquired by Graco Inc. (NYSE:GGG) approximately four years ago. When Graco acquired it, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) man- dated that they sell the business because they had a large percentage of market share. We approached Graco’s man- agement expressing interest in buying the business and since then have been working with the FTC and Graco to complete the transaction. Finishing Brands owns four of the most important brands in the global liquid finishing marketplace: Binks®, DeVilbiss®, BGK® and Ransburg®. Carlisle Fluid Technologies, as Finishing Brands will be called, fits our acquisition model perfectly. It manufactures engineered products, has a strong aftermarket and is scal- able, and operates in seven countries deriving more than 50% of its sales outside of the U.S., all while generating attractive margins. This business will be a long-term con- tributor to Carlisle’s margin expansion and revenue growth. Fluid Technologies is a business that Chris Koch and I are intimately familiar with from the many years we worked together at Graco. We view this business as a growth platform for Carlisle similar to CIT.
In our existing businesses, over the past seven years Carlisle Interconnect Technologies has built a strong franchise in the aerospace cabling market. While aerospace is pro- jected to have strong growth over the next decade, we know that it will slow at some time. To soften the effect when that time comes, we have diversified CIT into medi- cal cabling. Late in 2014, we took a major step in that direction when we acquired LHi Technology, a leading global medical cable manufacturing company.
Carlisle Construction Materials has become a global player with two EPDM (rubber) acquisitions a few years ago, but their focus has been on expanding their sales organically. We built four factories over the past two years, making CCM
the only single-ply roofing membrane manufacturer of EPDM, TPO (thermoplastic polyolefin), and PVC (polyvinyl chloride) while becoming the largest U.S. manufacturer of polyiso thermal insulation for roofing applications.
Carlisle FoodService has made good progress in improv- ing their business over the past few years through the use of COS. Carlisle Brake & Friction has gone through very dif- ficult economic times, as their sales have declined approx- imately 30% from their peak. The markets they participate in are in the doldrums. When the volume returns, we will see rapidly expanding profitability, as this business has incremental margins which are above 30%.
Nearly two years ago our Board began the succession planning process and were in the enviable position of hav- ing three strong internal candidates to eventually assume the CEO role. Who to appoint as the President and Chief Operating Officer was not an easy decision. After careful consideration, the Board selected Chris Koch, who had been serving as the Group President of Transportation Products (prior to its sale), Carlisle Brake & Friction and Carlisle FoodService. Chris has a diverse business background, will continue the implementation of our strategy, has been tried in difficult situations and has spent nearly a decade living outside of the U.S. managing global businesses. All of our operations now report directly to Chris, where he
is strengthening the leadership team is his new role.
Our company is much different today. The vision we devel- oped seven years ago has created strength, breadth and a global presence. The journey to transform Carlisle, while challenging at times, has been an exciting and fun ride. This would not have happened without the dedication of our 11,000 employees worldwide to make Carlisle a better com- pany. The management team has worked diligently to move the company away from commodity products to create a portfolio of businesses that is less complicated and generates higher returns. The transformation we began seven years ago is far from over and will never be finished as we drive to become one of the most profitable manufacturing compa- nies in the United States. We’re thankful that you, our share- holders, have chosen to take this exciting journey with us.
2014 Transformation
       Acquisition of European Construction Materials EPDM Businesses
Acquisition of Various Aerospace Companies
Divestiture of CTP
Acquisition of Medical Cabling Company
2014
Pending Acquisition of Liquid Finishing Business
David A. Roberts
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
PG. 5
