To Our Shareowners
Dear Shareowner: The year 2001 was a year of challenge and change; challenge that provided opportunities and change that prompted a significant number of restructuring actions. A weakened economy brought a softening in many of the markets we serve. Though we were disappointed by our decline in earnings, we were encouraged by both record sales and record operating cash flow. Additionally, many of our businesses increased market share and a number of our product lines were enhanced. A substantial portion of 2001 was spent preparing our businesses to strategically take advantage of any upturn in economic conditions. Despite the challenges of a difficult year, Carlisle's long history of rewarding shareowners continued with our 25th consecutive year of dividend increases. Internal changes at Carlisle have also taken place in 2001. After 26 years with Carlisle, I am now completing my first year as CEO. Stephen P. Munn, who led Carlisle through twelve years of significant company and earnings growth, will remain as Chairman of the Board. Dennis Hall, Carlisle's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, retired at the close of 2001, after working closely with new CFO Kirk Vincent over the last half of the year to ensure a seamless transition. Both Steve and Dennis are to be credited with much of the success Carlisle has experienced in recent years.
After several excellent years of performance prior to 2001, our diversified portfolio of companies

could not sustain earnings growth due to softness in the majority of the markets served. We have initiated and have substantially completed a record number of major restructuring projects and enter 2002 with a lower cost position and a greater focus on our core capabilities. Throughout Carlisle our daily charter is to create competitive advantage. Improvement projects only matter if we accomplish more than our competition. This requires us to compete in markets where Carlisle has the resources and technology to create a sustainable advantage.
Carlisle has many strengths; one is our operating culture. We continue to take great pride in our

exceptional team of operations-focused managers who are industry veterans committed to creating value for our shareowners. Our decentralized management structure encourages entrepreneurial action and affords an efficient and effective response to changing customer needs and market trends. Our management team is rewarded based on four key performance measurements: 1. Operating free cash flow as a percent of net assets employed, 2. Growth in earnings, 3. Organic sales growth; and 4. Improvement in sales per salaried employee. Stock ownership is mandatory for Carlisle management in order to align management and shareowner interests and is embraced as an opportunity to succeed as the company succeeds.

page 2

The Carlisle strategy summarized:

 Continue to grow in markets we understand and in which we can achieve sustainable leadership  Achieve and maintain the low cost provider position  Differentiate our service  Maximize free cash flow We will continue to choose competitive arenas in which we can prevail as the low cost producer and in which we can provide industry-leading service.
In 2001 we continued to make synergistic acquisitions that enhance our manufacturing processes

and marketing opportunities. Our most recent acquisition, Dayco Industrial Power Transmission, produces and markets power transmission belts and accessories used by industrial customers. Renamed Carlisle Power Transmission (CPT), it has been a consistently profitable business that brings a broad product offering, leadership in niche markets in which we already participate and significant aftermarket content. CPT has broad customer dispersion, substantial barriers to entry, and synergies with our other specialty rubber products companies.
Carlisle continues to benefit from its excellent infrastructure, as well as the capacity to grow. This

translates into a reduction in capital spending required to maintain our businesses, in addition to increased capacity. We continue to be committed to increasing free cash flow, an objective that will enable us to grow our businesses and take advantage of market opportunities. 2001 was a record year for cash generated by operations with $223 million produced during the year. We believe the efficient use of our assets coupled with conservative cash management will enable us to make product line and facility expansions as well as position us to acquire companies that are accretive and can be "bolted on" to our existing strong units. The year 2001 was marked with challenges and the changes required to meet them, but it was also a year of renewed commitment to our customers, to the markets we serve, and to our shareowners. We are confident we have the facilities, the strategy, and most importantly, the people, needed to win in 2002. As the American economy recovers from the recession of 2001 we will build on that which has made Carlisle Companies Incorporated a success in the past while creating opportunities to ensure a strong future.

Richmond D. McKinnish President and Chief Executive Officer

page 3

