 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER:
   CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

In 2015, CSX faced a confluence of challenges that impacted nearly our entire business mix:
• The impact of low natural gas prices continued the precipitous and pervasive secular decline in coal that CSX has seen over the past four years;
• The strong U.S. dollar hampered the competitiveness of American goods in the global market, reducing exports of coal, grain and phosphates while favoring imported steel, ethanol and food products; and
• Low commodity prices challenged growth markets such as crude oil and frac sand, and further challenged agricultural and phosphate markets.
Despite those factors, CSX delivered solid results for shareholders in 2015, including earnings per share of $2.00 and the company’s first annual operating ratio below 70 percent. I’m especially proud that in an environment in which revenue declined, those results were possible because CSX employees remained focused on driving the things within our control: safety, service and productivity to optimize the bottom line.
Safety: A Constant Pursuit
Safety remains a way of life at CSX, and our employees’ focus on looking out for each other, themselves and the communities we serve is the basis for CSX remaining an industry leader in personal injury rate over the past four years. In 2015, the personal injury rate improved nine percent over 2014 results. That reported rate is a meaningful measurement, but only because it signifies that we are moving closer to our goal of every employee going home safely at the end of every work day.
While CSX remained an industry safety leader in 2015, we always strive to be better. CSX experienced two major derailments with significant community impacts, which necessitated the evacuation of many residents in Montgomery, West Virginia, and Maryville, Tennessee. The comprehensive response to those incidents demonstrated the incredible relationships that our teams have forged with first responders across our network and the resilience of the communities we serve, but they also underscore the importance of a relentless focus on safety each and every day. Senior executives have visited both affected communities to understand their perspectives on the response, and we are implementing valuable feedback they provided. CSX continues to empower employees to hold themselves and each other accountable for creating a safe workplace. We remain committed to continuous improvement, with employee safety programs that emphasize fundamentals such as rules compliance and job briefings to ensure each employee remains focused on the task at hand. In that way, employees avoid injuries and work together to reduce the potential for catastrophic events.
In addition to employee-focused safety efforts, CSX continues to invest in its network to deliver safe, reliable service for customers and the communities we serve. Nearly 60 percent of our core capital investment in 2015 focused on maintaining and upgrading our track, bridges, locomotives and railcars. And we’ve made significant progress on developing, testing and deploying interoperable Positive Train Control (PTC), which will help reduce the potential for incidents on our network. More than 1,000 people are working on deploying PTC on CSX, and the company has invested $1.5 billion in the system through 2015. CSX was the second U.S. freight railroad to begin revenue service demonstrations – the final development and testing phase of PTC
 CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 Revenue Operating Income Net Earnings Per Share Dividends Per Share
($ in millions) ($ in millions) (assuming dilution)
 CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 economic, population and business factors that drive the intermodal opportunity are more compelling than ever
 CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 – on some regional subdivisions of our network. We expect to spend another $300 million on the project in 2016, deploy all of the necessary PTC technology by the end of 2018 and be fully implemented by 2020.
Service: Balancing Efficiency with Customer Commitments
At the outset of 2015, CSX was prepared for a very different year, with increased resource levels in response to the brutal winter and subsequent volume surge of 2014. As volume declined throughout the year, the Operations team nimbly adjusted to match resources with demand while still delivering significant service improvements for CSX customers. Teams of employees from operations and sales and marketing worked together and with customers through the Service Excellence initiative to identify ways to further improve service. With the right resources and a keen focus on customer needs, key measurements improved significantly throughout the year, including terminal dwell, velocity, and on-time originations and arrivals. Our employees know that success starts with our customers, and meeting and exceeding expectations is the foundation of our ability to continue growing and adapting to these changing market conditions.
Also in 2015, CSX took delivery of 200 new locomotives, the majority of which are compliant with the latest EPA Tier IV emissions standards. In 2016, the company will complete the purchase commitment with an additional 100 locomotives being delivered. Business forecasting remains an inexact science, as illustrated by the volume surge in 2014 followed by the beginning of a freight recession in 2015. Responding to those fluctuations means carefully balancing resources to match current and future business demand while maintaining the ability to nimbly take out costs when necessary.
Productivity: Driving Lasting Change
Over the past decade, CSX has consistently delivered significant gains in productivity, even during the tough years of the most recent recession. 2015 was no different, with efficiency initiatives and cost reductions driving more than $180 million in productivity despite declines in some of the most profitable markets. The initiatives behind those savings are designed to create sustainable changes such as improving fuel efficiency and increasing
the use of technology automation. What’s more, CSX delivered a total cost reduction of nearly
$375 million, which includes savings from right- sizing resources to match demand. We have demonstrated repeatedly that we can aggressively manage costs in what is often considered a high fixed-cost business. We’ve even managed to disprove the adage that “you can’t create more hours in a day” with our 28-hour scheduling, our first variable train initiative. Based on the success of that initial program, we have now integrated variable scheduling into our scheduled train network in several forms. By adjusting certain train schedules to depart a few hours later each day on a seven-day schedule, and working with customers so they could adequately plan for the adjustments, CSX continued to serve customers’ needs while also reducing the resources devoted to those businesses.
Looking Ahead
This era of transformational change is expected to continue. In this environment, CSX is aggressively managing the challenges and capitalizing on opportunities to transform this company from the CSX of today into the CSX of tomorrow. At the foundation of our strategy is the recognition that we have economic, efficiency and environmental benefits that, together with our superior network reach, are critical to serve the growing U.S. population.
 CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 As corresponding consumption increases, CSX will create compelling shareholder value by delivering service that supports strong pricing to allow further investment in a privately-funded network that will continue to meet transportation needs with exceptional fuel efficiency and without massive federal subsidies. And we’ll accomplish all of that while working to achieve a mid-60s operating ratio longer term.
Evolving Strategy
As CSX plans for the future, we know that our business has changed dramatically and will continue to change in the years ahead. The baseline coal market, which generated $3.7 billion in revenue in 2011, declined to $2.3 billion in 2015, and will continue to decline in 2016 and beyond. While this market remains important, it has given way to more consumer-oriented markets that demand premium, and ever more cost-effective, service. Our network reach means that we serve 60 percent of domestic manufacturing through a variety of merchandise markets. Across those markets, increasing train length is driving efficiency up and costs out, and intermodal continues to represent significant potential as the population grows and the trucking industry challenges continue. And our investments in infrastructure and
technology have increased efficiency and profitability of merchandise and intermodal, effectively replacing the coal revenue declines over the past four years.
At the same time, the headwinds that intensified as 2015 progressed are expected to continue in 2016, and we expect full-year earnings per share to decline in 2016. In that environment, CSX is focused on both a near-term, three-year plan and a long-term strategy that translates the company’s core strengths into tangible opportunities to drive sustainable shareholder value. The CSX of tomorrow will prosper from this structural change in our markets by aligning additional resources with growth opportunities, and carefully adjusting resources devoted to declining or mature markets to ensure we continue to meet and exceed the expectations of every customer partnering with CSX.
Aligning the Network for Current and Future Demand
CSX has built the premier network in the East, one that reaches nearly two thirds of American consumers and efficiently connects ocean and inland ports to consumption markets large and small. Strategic investments over the past decade have increased capacity on key routes, leveraging
 CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 CSX INTERMODAL NETWORK
 CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 technology will contribute significantly to increased levels of efficiency beyond historical performance
 CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

  the effect of our balanced capital deployment approach. In 2015, CSX invested more than $2.5 billion to continue delivering safe, reliable service and capitalizing on long-term strategic growth opportunities. As we look forward, 2016 capital investment will total $2.4 billion, which reflects the changes to our top line while remaining committed to investing in service that is safe, reliable and efficient through capacity and growth projects that ensure fluid shipments no matter the demand level.
We are making structural resource changes as well. In 2015, CSX took significant action to rationalize the company’s coal network to match decreased demand, particularly for coal sourced from Central Appalachia. CSX closed mechanical shops and reduced train operations in some areas of the network, and even consolidated our 10 operating divisions into nine. For those of us who started our career in the coal fields, those decisions are incredibly difficult because of the impact on our employees, their families and historic rail communities. But in an era in which the $1.4 billion in coal revenue declines over the past five years will continue to accelerate, the status quo is no longer an option. CSX continues to look at ways to variabilize the costs in this market, and further match our network to the business demand.
At the same time, CSX is positioning other parts of the network for growth. As we continue to increase train length and variable scheduling, we are taking steps to ensure continued network fluidity. For example, CSX is planning to build longer sidings to allow longer trains to pass each other more efficiently, maintaining the fluidity of the network and reducing the impact on surrounding communities. That’s an initiative we began 10 years ago with our Southeast Express, and one that has benefited our customers and investors many times over. Other initiatives, such as Total Service Integration, have created and applied leading-edge processes to the highly profitable merchandise network where shipments originate at hundreds of different locations, reflecting the most diverse market portfolio in CSX history.
Maximizing Intermodal
Making investments now to continue moving containerized freight for the future represents another important facet of our strategy. The economic, population and business factors that drive the intermodal opportunity are more compelling than ever: the global population is increasing and demanding more goods, while U.S. highway infrastructure lags woefully behind and the trucking industry faces driver shortages and
 CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

increased regulation. CSX is committed to converting a share of the estimated 9 million loads that are good candidates for an intermodal rail solution. Investments of more than $700 million over the past five years – including new and expanded terminals and the double-stack National Gateway linking eastern ports with midwestern consumption centers – position CSX to serve intermodal customers from Florida to Canada. Projects such as the Pittsburgh intermodal terminal and the Virginia Avenue Tunnel clearance project in Washington, D.C., both of which began construction in 2015, will help CSX continue to capture the significant intermodal opportunities of the future.
Optimizing Technology
For a company that is nearly 190 years old, technology is a foundational element of our problem solving. Technology supports our ability to better communicate with our employees and customers; to improve the fuel efficiency of our locomotives; to make critical information available to first responders and other community leaders; and to train our employees safely and effectively. Using technology to improve processes and planning, as well as to streamline workflows, will contribute significantly to increased levels of efficiency beyond historical performance, including our ability to deliver 2016 productivity
in the $200 million range.
The Future is Bright
At CSX, we have seized the business challenges we face as an opportunity to make this company stronger as we emerge from this period of transformation. It’s our desire – and our expectation – that this American icon will thrive and grow well into the future. In the past five years, CSX has successfully replaced $1.4 billion in coal revenue primarily through the strength of merchandise and intermodal. CSX has delivered record results for our shareholders thanks to both human ingenuity and technology improvements. The core earning power of this company now, and in the future, is great. At the same time, this company is aggressively taking action to capitalize on growth opportunities, continue meeting and exceeding customer expectations and match our resources to demand. CSX must reduce asset intensity and increase earning power in a way that balances cost and service to continue serving our customers and our communities. We are committed to transforming the CSX of today into the CSX of tomorrow to deliver value to you, our shareholders, now and in the future.
Thank you for your ownership of CSX, and your confidence in this management team and our employees.
Michael J. Ward
  CSX 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
