 Dear Shareholders: Your company has made great progress — on safety, on customer service, on financial results and on living our core values. It is a great pleasure to be able to share what our team has delivered.
From 2004 to 2006, CSX more than doubled its operating income and earnings per share, while increasing revenues by nearly 20 percent. During that time, shareholder value nearly doubled. In 2006 alone we delivered a total return of 37 percent, higher than any major North American railroad.
Record Results
CSX reported record 2006 operating income of $2.1 billion, a 38 percent increase over 2005, and record revenues of $9.6 billion, up 11 percent for the year. In addition, we achieved a sub-80 percent operating ratio – equivalent to a 20-plus percent operating margin – for the first time in nearly a decade. We are now focused on achieving a mid-70s operating ratio within the next two years.
The excellent operating achievements in our businesses, combined with a strong balance sheet, enabled CSX in 2006 to increase its dividend by 54 percent, repurchase $465 million worth of shares, and invest $1.4 billion in Surface Transportation capital improvements for long- term growth. The company also implemented a 2-for-1 stock split.
Further demonstrating confidence in the long-term prospects for the company, the CSX Board of Directors in February of 2007 authorized a share repurchase of up to $2 billion. The company intends to complete this new program, which replaced a previous repurchase program, by the end of 2008. At the same time, the company increased its dividend by another 20 percent, more than doubling the dividend since September of 2005.
Revitalized Safety and Service
The results delivered to shareholders in 2006 were supported by impressive safety and customer service improvements in Surface Transportation, all made possible by the new operating disciplines put in place by our employees while rail traffic remained at record levels.
Employee injuries and train accidents were down 21 percent and 24 percent, respectively. At the same time, our railroad employees increased on-time train originations by 49 percent and on-time train arrivals by 56 percent, as freight moved more quickly and efficiently across the network. As a result,
     
 customer satisfaction levels, which we measure through third-party research, have increased significantly, and our railroad now ranks as one of the leading service providers in the industry.
In short, it was a banner year for our transportation businesses. The safety, service and financial improvements are expected to continue in 2007 with overall freight demand increasing.
Robust Demand
In 2006, Surface Transportation revenues grew in all markets. Volumes grew in key markets such as coal and agricultural products, with some decline in automotive, phosphate and housing-related sectors. Favorable overall market conditions, combined with enhanced customer service and reliability, enabled our businesses to command strong pricing, while fuel surcharges helped to offset volatile fuel prices.
Strong freight rail demand is expected to continue as shipments to and from the ports need to be hauled across the country. Railroads offer by far the most cost-efficient and environmentally friendly way to get the products to their destinations.
To prepare for continued growth, the team remains on schedule with capacity expansions in the rapidly growing Southeast and populous Northeast. We also announced plans to create a high-volume rail corridor to transport intermodal traffic between California and the Southeast.
Looking Ahead
We will continue to work with local, state and federal leaders to promote public policies that enable railroads to create shareholder value while providing a service that is essential to America. Railroads, which have been a vital part of the nation’s economy for almost two centuries, are playing a leadership role in addressing modern-day challenges, including the nation’s need for energy supply and environmental preservation. Railroads offer a significant advantage in fuel efficiency compared to trucks and have made outstanding efforts to reduce greenhouse gas and other emissions from locomotives. The nation’s rails are also an important transporter of domestically abundant coal, as well as renewable energy sources such as ethanol and wind turbines.
    
Employees are executing on our strategies with a sense of urgency and passion, and the recent successes in our businesses offer a view of
their enormous potential and opportunity.
—MICHAEL WARD
     Operating Revenue ($ in millions)
Operating Income ($ in millions)
Earnings
Per Share* (continuing operations)
Total Shareholder Return† (three-year)
                                                                                                                     *Earnings Per Share are from continuing operations and fully diluted. †Total Shareholder Return includes dividend reinvestment for the three-year period 2004-2006. ©2002 Standard & Poor's, a division of McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved, www.researchdatagroup.com/S&P.htm.

 We have every reason to be optimistic about the future of our economy, our industry and our company. I hear it in the voices of customers across many business sectors, and I see it in the faces of veteran railroaders and thousands of men and women now joining our ranks.
In this, our 180th year in business, we are confident that we can continue to deliver on our targets of double-digit growth in operating income, earnings per share and free cash flow through 2010, while finally meeting or exceeding our cost of capital.
This is an exciting time at CSX. Employees are executing on our strategies with a sense
of urgency and passion, and the recent successes in our businesses offer a view of their enormous potential and opportunity.
CSX’s opportunities are vast, not only because of the transportation needs of our country, but also because of our demonstrated ability to improve customer service.
We are well on our way to achieving our vision of becoming the safest, most progressive North American railroad, relentless in the pursuit of customer and employee excellence.
     