         CSX Executive Team:
Oscar Munoz, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Fredrik Eliasson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Ellen M. Fitzsimmons, Senior Vice President of Law and Public Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Michael J. Ward, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Clarence W. Gooden, Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer. Lisa A. Mancini, Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer.

Just as importantly, we completed 2011 with greater capabilities for growth, strong momentum in our service performance and our best customer satisfaction rating ever.
As part of our service focus in 2011, CSX teams visited approximately 5,000 customer sites and returned with valuable ideas to strengthen our partnership and enable growth. Many of these ideas are fueling systemic changes to enhance our day-to-day interactions with our customers.
Did Someone Say Rail Renaissance?
In my 2005 letter to shareholders, I talked about the “rail renaissance” in our country. Many industry observers used that same term to describe the inevitable movement of freight to rails as global trade increased, highway transportation became more costly and the nation looked for simple, achievable solutions to complex environmental problems.
The recent recession only reinforced the compelling value of rail versus other modes of transportation as customers looked for additional savings and societal benefits in their transportation purchases. The rail
renaissance has been strengthened by the rapid, though sometimes uneven, growth of economies around the world.
About 70 million additional people inhabit the earth every year – the vast majority of them outside the U.S. That population growth – when combined with increased standards of living, health and prosperity across the world – drives economic activity.
Developing countries like China, India and Brazil look to the U.S. for vital raw materials and agricultural products. At the same time, they view our country as a primary market for the goods they produce.
Over time, we believe that the balance of imports and exports should become increasingly aligned. That’s good news for the nation and for CSX, which carries products both ways.
Positioned for Growth
CSX has been preparing for this opportunity for years – building a premier transportation network that connects about two-thirds of the nation’s population to the world.
 
 Revenue
($ in millions)
Operating Income
($ in millions)
Net Earnings
Per Share Dividends Per Share
(continuing operations assuming dilution)
We expect mor%e than
70
of our product markets to expand

       UP
UP
11
24
%
%
                              
 In 2011, the company made even more progress in readying its network for the increasing flow of freight that will come from expanding global trade and an increase in American manufacturing – trends that are supported by the widening of the Panama Canal and increased traffic through the East Coast ports served by CSX.
Last spring, we began the full-scale operation of a new state-of-the-art intermodal terminal in Northwest Ohio. It serves as the hub for our National Gateway – a public-private partnership that clears the way for freight containers to ride two-high on railcars between the Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions.
In an economy that needs jobs, infrastructure investment and environmental solutions, the National Gateway provides all three – while creating substantial value for CSX customers and shareholders.
As we continue to take actions to prepare our business for long-term growth, we are also ready for the expansion occurring now. We saw some of that in 2011, and this year we expect more than 70 percent of our product markets to grow as we continue to
position our resources to accommodate more vibrant parts of the economy like automobiles, grains, consumer goods and products that support the oil and gas industry.
Even with headwinds in our utility coal business due to dynamics in the energy markets, export coal remains strong and we believe that CSX in total will be able to grow faster than the economy overall.
Strong, Healthy Company
While continually strengthening its business and results, CSX has maintained a healthy balance sheet and excellent cash flows.
The team has consistently demonstrated a balanced approach to capital deployment through investments, dividends and share repurchases. This has served shareholders well through good and bad economic times and will continue to be a cornerstone of our management philosophy.
In 2012, the company plans to invest $2.25 billion to better position itself to support customers in the near- and long-term. We also recognize that attracting capital to the business requires CSX to consistently
  
provide near-term shareholder value in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Since 2006, the company has increased its dividend over 400 percent and repurchased $7.2 billion in shares – or about one-third of the shares outstanding.
Safety, Responsibility and the Well-being of Our Communities Succeeding as a business begins with safety aboveallelse. In2011,weimprovedoursafety results to record levels, decreasing Federal Railroad Administration reportable train accidents and injuries by 14 percent and 10 percent, respectively, compared to 2010.
Tragically, however, we lost five members of our team in accidents last year and as a result have implemented additional programs to further safety awareness and rules compliance. We’ve also continued our focus on public safety, especially enhancing our programs to improve safety at rail crossings.
The well-being of our employees, communities and company are inextricably linked. Last year, we hired more than 4,000 of our neighbors into highly attractive jobs – and invested a significant portion of
our revenues into vital, economy-building infrastructure and growth.
Being an economic engine is a wonderful thing, but it’s not enough in today’s world. Investors, customers, suppliers, employees and government officials demand that we conduct business in a socially responsible manner.
For CSX, corporate social responsibility manifests itself in many ways – from reducing the company’s environmental footprint, to making sure that our infrastructure and business practices support sustainability, to engaging openly with all of our constituents.
But our employees are not satisfied to leave it there. Thousands of them volunteered in their hometowns last year, shoulder-to- shoulder with leaders from CityYear,Future Farmers of America and many other passionate supporters of our communities.
Their efforts are driven under the banner of what we call “Beyond our Rails” – a strategic portfolio of giving and volunteerism programs aimed at improving the environment and championing safety and wellness – all while building trusting relationships with our communities.
 
                                                                         Hired more than
4,000
new employees
                                                                                                          
Relentless Focus
Over the past several years, I’ve had the privilege of leading a team that has remained relentlessly focused.
Even through a turbulent economy and difficult conditions in the freight transportation markets overall, an investment of $1,000 in CSX at the beginning of 2006 was worth more than $2,700 at the end of 2011.
Over that time, CSX’s operating income grew 74 percent, earnings per share grew 126 percent, and margins expanded by 860 basis points. Compared to the growth of other companies in the S&P 500, those performances rank CSX in the top 26 percent, top 16 percent andtop13percent,respectively.* In2012,itis our job to leverage the capability of our
network and our organization to deliver even more outstanding results for our shareholders.
The team is ready for the growth we anticipate, and agile enough to respond quickly if and when unexpected conditions arise.
On behalf of our 32,000 employees nationwide, thank you for your belief in our mission and your confidence in our ability to deliver.
We look forward to creating excellent value and believe that this will be another record year for CSX shareholders.
Michael J.Ward
     * Results and comparisons are stated on comparable earnings, which in 2006 primarily reflect the exclusion of one-time insurance recoveries related to Hurricane Katrina.
                      