 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
I write to you during an exciting and transformative time at CSX.
   CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

In the last decade CSX has increased operating income nearly 600 percent and earnings per share from continuing operations nearly 2,000 percent, while improving the operating ratio by more than 2,200 basis points. As a result, CSX shareholders have seen a total return on their investment of nearly 500 percent, easily outperforming the broader market.
At the same time, shareholders have benefitted from more than $8 billion in share repurchases – nearly a third of outstanding CSX shares – and a dividend that increased 11 times in 8 years for a 30 percent compound annual growth rate.
These returns were accomplished even in the face of a transformative five-year period that included
the collapse of the housing market, a financial crisis, a global recession, and major shifts in energy markets that now favor natural gas over coal.
Growth
As I mentioned in last year’s annual report letter, CSX anticipated the transition in the coal markets and accelerated strategies and investments to help manage through that change.
In the process, the company built the most diverse business mix in its history – one that is positioned to capitalize on trends in the global supply chain, remain resilient in the face of worldwide market forces, and drive sustainable, long-term growth.
  CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

 Net Earnings
Revenue Operating Income Per Share Dividends Per Share
($ in millions) ($ in millions) (assuming dilution)
 CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

 Low-cost energy is stimulating the expansion and competitiveness
of American businesses
 CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

 In 2013, merchandise and intermodal shipments increased to 82 percent of CSX’s business, and helped to offset coal revenue declines of nearly $300 million. Thanks to that growth, the company achieved record revenue in 2013 while continuing to capture near- and long-term growth opportunities across a broad spectrum of markets.
CSX’s domestic intermodal business is expected to grow in the high single digits long term, with margins that are now comparable to many CSX merchandise businesses thanks to strategic investments, a focus on profitable growth and the hard work of all CSX employees.
Energy
While changes in the domestic energy markets have caused a decline in coal shipments, those changes have also created new market opportunities.
Low-cost energy is stimulating the expansion and competitiveness of American businesses while creating jobs.
CSX is proud to support its customers with excellent service as they ramp up production and distribution. Employees are working closely with customers, communities and government partners to safely and reliably move products associated with hydraulic fracturing, including sand, steel pipe, crude oil and liquefied petroleum gas.
On the operations side, the significant increase in the availability of liquefied natural gas has prompted CSX to partner with GE Transportation to test its long-term potential application as a locomotive fuel.
In addition to growth in intermodal and energy products, the economy continues to show positive signs for CSX’s growing merchandise business.
Intermodal
One of CSX’s primary growth engines is intermodal, where strategic investments are creating new opportunities and capitalizing on the chance to convert an estimated nine million truckloads in the East to intermodal movements.
In 2013, Phase One of the National Gateway public-private partnership was completed. The project will help improve the flow of freight from Mid-Atlantic ports to points of consumption in the Midwest by double stack-clearing critical parts of the CSX intermodal network. When the National Gateway is complete in the next few years, the percentage of CSX intermodal traffic moving in double stack-cleared lanes will be in the mid-90s.
CSX is also building or expanding important regional terminals to meet customers’ growing needs. For example, in 2013 the company doubled the capacity of its terminal in Louisville and expanded operations in Columbus. During 2014 CSX will open terminals in Florida and Canada while expanding the recently constructed terminal in Northwest Ohio to serve increasing regional demand.
 CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

 For example, the expectations for North American light vehicle production in 2014 are the highest since 2000. The housing sector continues to recover, with further expansion expected as housing starts continue to increase toward historical norms. Agricultural opportunities are also increasing as a result of both strong global demand and a record crop due to technology-based increases in crop yields. These developments present upstream and downstream opportunities for rail transportation.
Service and efficiency are natural complements because both involve making the best use of the company’s assets for customers and shareholders.
The CSX team generated nearly $160 million in productivity savings in 2013, for a total of about $850 million in the past five years alone. CSX is targeting another $130 million in efficiency savings in 2014 to continue to help offset the cost of inflation.
Safety
None of these achievements would be possible without a consistently strong safety performance. I’m proud that CSX remained the nation’s safest railroad in 2013, with the fewest accidents and injuries.
That’s an achievement worth celebrating, but CSX is not satisfied. One accident or injury is too many, especially to the families, friends and communities impacted. The ultimate goal is zero accidents or injuries on CSX.
The significant increase in American oil production, with all of the national benefits it creates, understandably generates public concern about whether the oil can be transported safely over rails and via pipelines.
Service
As CSX transforms to handle a more diverse, resilient portfolio of business, its ability to capitalize on growth opportunities is enhanced by significant gains in an already strong customer service product.
The company’s high customer satisfaction scores reached another record in 2013 – the result of a relentless focus on getting products to customers on time, coupled with the intensive efforts of 31,000 employees to improve the way they treat customers in every interaction.
CSX’s superior service product is beginning to unlock additional growth opportunities and is critical to the company’s ability to continue the inflation-plus pricing achieved over the past 10 years.
 CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

 in 2013 CSX remained
the nation’s safest railroad
 CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

 building a sustainable business benefits shareholders, employees and communities
 CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

  From inception, railroads, as common carriers, have been required by law to move all products tendered to them, including hazardous materials of all types. The nation has learned from experience that safety improvements come from combining private industry investments and management with balanced, effective government oversight and regulation.
CSX and its peer railroads are working very closely with customers, suppliers, public officials and safety agencies to ensure that the best existing safety practices are rigorously applied to the movement of energy products, and a number of special precautions have already been added to protect communities.
The CSX team is approaching this challenge with confidence, urgency and a sense of responsibility. America is moving toward greater energy independence. And with all of the work and investment that has gone into making America’s freight rail system the envy of the world, CSX is well-positioned to support that effort.
Sustainability
In addition to safety performance, CSX works closely with suppliers and customers to continually evolve the company’s sustainability
strategy. CSX knows that building a sustainable business benefits shareholders, employees and communities. That’s why the company focuses on improving its environmental footprint, increasing sustainable development activities and amplifying engagement with local communities.
In 2013, CSX was named to the CDP Supplier Performance Leadership Index for its commitment to helping customers make informed transportation decisions that reduce carbon emissions and meet sustainability goals. This recognition builds on CSX’s position on the CDP S&P 500 Carbon Performance Leadership Index, as well as being the only transportation company and one of just five industrial companies worldwide included on the CDP Global 500 Climate Performance Leadership Index for 2013.
Capital
For CSX, true sustainability involves building a strong, healthy, profitable company that is prepared to create value as the rail renaissance continues in this country.
Populations and consumption will continue to rise, global trade will expand and businesses will look for cost-efficient, environmentally friendly ways to move goods.
 CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

CSX is meeting those needs with a network that reaches all major metropolitan areas in the East, serving nearly two-thirds of the American population.
Investing in that network is critical. That’s why CSX continues to prioritize system investment in its capital program, while also rewarding investors through dividends and share repurchases.
In 2013, the company invested $2.3 billion in the network and will invest another $2.3 billion in 2014 to support long-term value creation for you, the CSX shareholders. Meanwhile, the company is focused on delivering near-term value through dividends and share buybacks. In 2013, CSX paid dividends of 59 cents per share, up nine percent from the year before, and announced a new
$1 billion buyback program.
When it comes to the future, you can expect CSX to continue approaching cash deployment within a balanced framework designed to position the company for the future while benefitting you.
Strength
When this management team thinks about the future, it starts from a position of strength.
The CSX you see today has overcome the worst of economic circumstances and other external forces while transforming itself to leverage the growth opportunities that exist in nearly all of its businesses. Today, CSX is a vibrant, healthy company that is meeting an essential need for the country, investing in employees and communities and satisfying customers.
Even taking into account the achievements of the past decade, this leadership team believes the next 10 years will bring some of the most exciting opportunities in the company’s history, especially as the coal markets stabilize, investments in intermodal and other markets bear even more fruit and operations build on past success to drive efficiency and improve returns.
Thank you for your continued investment in the CSX team and your belief in its vision.
Best Regards,
Michael J. Ward
  CSX 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
