 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER:
I write to you at the close of one of the most challenging and successful years in CSX’s history.
   CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

CSX experienced such a time in 2014, with a significant surge in demand for the company’s services closely following an epic winter
that strained resources across all modes
of transportation.
With investments in critical resources and the strength of a diverse business mix bolstered by economic momentum, CSX generated record results for its shareholders in 2014. The company:
• Produced record revenue, operating income, net earnings and earnings per share;
• Increased the value of CSX stock nearly 30 percent;
• Raised the quarterly dividend 7 percent to $0.16; and
• Progressed a $1 billion share repurchase program, which is expected to be completed during the first quarter of this year.
That performance is all the more impressive when you consider the significant transition in the energy markets since 2011, during which CSX coal revenue declined by nearly $900 million.
Now, thanks to the commitment and dedication of our 31,000 employees, CSX has emerged a stronger, more nimble company, capable of delivering strong earnings growth and margin expansion and making progress toward our longer-term goal of a mid-60s operating ratio.
Challenges Met
Any discussion of company performance must recognize that in the early part of the year we
were tested by one of the worst winters on record. Storm followed storm and record low temperatures swept across the Northern Tier. The critical Chicago interchange endured the third-coldest winter on record and near-record snowfall. The conditions strained all modes of transportation – passenger air and rail services, air freight, trucking, barges and freight railroads alike.
Through these historic conditions, CSX employees worked around the clock to serve customers. While we were not able to maintain the high levels of service to which our customers – and CSX – have become accustomed, I’m proud of what our employees accomplished and their ability to help sustain customers’ production lines. We are grateful for the communication and collaboration of our customers, who understood the circumstances and worked to find mutually beneficial solutions.
Growth
With the spring thaw and an improving economy, the significant surge in demand further challenged our customers and the freight transportation network. This growth, a combination of pent-up demand from the winter months and the longer- term benefits of an economy that continues to show positive momentum, outstripped transportation capacity across all modes and underscored how critical railroads are to the
 CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 Revenue Operating Income Net Earnings Per Share Dividends Per Share
($ in millions) ($ in millions) (assuming dilution)
 CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 Merchandise and intermodal markets continue to grow faster than the economy.
 CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 efficient movement of goods and commodities that support our nation’s prosperity.
The diversity of CSX’s business mix was clear during this surge, with growth in nearly every market served by the company. Merchandise and intermodal markets, which now represent more than 80 percent of total volume, continue to grow faster than the economy.
Energy Markets
It was a different story in our energy markets, but in many ways still positive. To begin, abundant coal reserves and the ability to use coal cleanly
as a fuel source remains a strength for the United States. With electrical demand high, utilities increased their shipments of coal for the first time since 2006. As sourcing of coal continues to shift toward the Illinois Basin and western origins, the CSX domestic coal business grew in both volume and profitability in 2014. However, the domestic coal market will likely never return to its historic prominence due to environmental pressures and competition from natural gas.
Export coal remains a volatile global market, with worldwide oversupply continuing to pressure rates. CSX has worked closely with its customers to help them be opportunistic and successful.
Freight railroads also are supporting America’s energy independence in other ways. The hydraulic fracturing process to unlock natural gas and oil generates rail shipments of crude oil, frac sand, liquefied petroleum gas, natural gas liquids, pipe
and crane mats. We continue to connect Eastern oil refineries to Western oil fields with an efficient network that prioritizes safe movements and maximizes refiners’ ability to serve strong customer demand and the national interest in U.S. energy independence. While the oil by rail market continues to grow, it remains less than two percent of overall company volume.
CSX approaches the movement of all of these products, so critical to manufacturing and the nation’s energy supply, with relentless focus on the safety of the communities in which we operate, first responders and our employees. In 2014, CSX’s Safety Train: Energy Preparedness Program traveled key oil routes, delivering hands-on response training to more than 2,000 first responders from more than 350 jurisdictions in 18 cities.
CSX will continue to work with communities, other railroads, oil producers, tank car manufacturers, regulators and legislators to make the safe transportation of these products even safer.
Intermodal
Collaboration with all stakeholders is a commitment and an obligation as America’s population continues to grow and demand for consumer goods – as well as the safe, efficient, reliable delivery of those goods – gains momentum. CSX is keeping pace with population, consumption and global commerce. We are making large and steady investments in the premier intermodal network of the East, which combines a corridor strategy for high volume routes with a hub-and-spoke strategy anchored by our
 CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 Northwest Ohio terminal to tap additional growth opportunities in medium-sized markets.
Investments of nearly $700 million in the CSX intermodal network over the past five years are coming to fruition. A new terminal near Montreal helps customers on both sides of the border capitalize on increased NAFTA trade. An expansion of the Northwest Ohio Intermodal Terminal will serve increasing demand and reduce transit times between the coasts. We are nearing completion of the $850 million National Gateway public-private partnership to enhance access between mid- Atlantic ports and Midwestern consumption centers, with planning and design for the new Pittsburgh Intermodal Rail Terminal underway. In late 2014, the federal government approved CSX’s plans to expand and enhance the Virginia Avenue Tunnel in Washington, D.C., thus putting the company on the path to eliminating the largest freight and commuter rail bottleneck on the East Coast and improving the safety and quality of
the rail network serving our nation’s capital.
In the next few years, with the completion of the National Gateway and continued investments in intermodal growth, CSX plans to convert more highway freight to rail and improve the efficient
transportation options available to America’s small businesses and multinational corporations alike.
Resources
With a business so closely tied and so necessary to economic expansion, we know the importance of smart resource management – getting the right resources to the right places, at the right times. As the winter abated and volume surged, CSX quickly took stock of the elements that are critical to reliable service and the ability to accommodate significantly higher demand: people, locomotives, and infrastructure. Throughout 2014, the company prioritized investments in these key areas, including hiring more than 1,900 frontline operating employees; accelerating an aggressive locomotive rebuild plan and purchasing 300 new locomotives to be delivered in 2015 and 2016; and prioritizing infrastructure projects across the Northern Tier. CSX also worked with connecting railroads to improve coordination and planning.
As we enter 2015 with critical resources deployed across the network in the places we need them most, I am confident that CSX has the equipment, infrastructure and people to deliver the growth that we see across the economic spectrum.
 CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 CSX INTERMODAL NETWORK
 CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 The benefits of freight rail are more critical than ever to support sustainable business expansion.
 CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

  Capital Investment
We are committed to preparing our railroad for tomorrow, but we – like many Americans – are concerned about the state of publicly-funded infrastructure, particularly the highways, rivers and ports that support more complicated and longer global supply chains. Public-private investments are one solution, coupled with the substantial private commitments we make to our network. Since 2003, CSX has invested an astonishing amount – nearly $21 billion – in its network and equipment. A record capital investment in 2014 of more than $2.4 billion supported safe, reliable service upon which
our customers rely.
We have increased that investment to $2.5 billion in 2015, as we maintain our commitment to deploying cash within a balanced framework that serves both customers and investors. Through capital investments, dividends and share repurchases, CSX is ensuring that the company can serve the growth our customers anticipate and deliver sustainable financial returns for years to come.
Sustainability
That performance is important because the benefits of freight rail are more critical than ever to
support sustainable business expansion across the country. Investments in fuel efficiency, state- of-the-art facility technology and partnerships with leading conservation organizations contribute to CSX’s commitment to moving the things that matter in ways that matter.
That commitment was recognized by the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, the Carbon Disclosure Project and CR Magazine. It also is evident in our focus on work Beyond Our Rails, which are CSX initiatives that focus on areas of community development, health and wellness, local environments and safety. With neighbors along 21,000 miles, investments in the communities we serve are investments in the future of our sustainable business and the businesses of others.
Safety
None of these results, investments or successes would be possible without the focus on safety that is foundational to every decision: for our employees, our customers, and our communities. CSX’s commitment to safety extends beyond
the fundamentals of rules compliance and data collection. It requires a culture that constantly strives to better prevent injuries and address conditions that could lead to accidents and injuries. It requires major investments in technology to
 CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

further improve safe operations. It requires ever-better training opportunities, including those at our Railroad Education and Development Institute, the Atlanta-based “railroad university” that recently celebrated a decade of service. While our safety performance in 2014 fell short of what we expect, there was a reduction in serious events, and we will continue to make
a safe railroad even safer.
Bright Future
All in all, the events of 2014 reinforced something that we and our shareholders have known for years: the environmental benefits and efficiency of freight rail are becoming ever more critical to America’s companies, competitiveness, economic growth and sustainable development.
Our employees, core strategy and diverse business mix together create sustainable value, even in an evolving and challenging business environment, with compelling benefits for shareholders, customers, and the communities we serve.
In 2015, we’ll remain focused on delivering highly regarded service to our customers, which drives our ability to grow our merchandise and intermodal businesses faster than the economy, price above rail inflation, and drive improvements in asset utilization.
As CSX moves forward, we move our nation forward, by reinforcing the transportation
infrastructure that is so critical to keep America competitive, create fulfilling jobs, transport freight with unparalleled fuel efficiency and ease the burden on public funding sources. As we always have, the freight rail industry will work with our elected leaders to promote a regulatory balance that supports an always available freight rail network that is safe and reliable.
Our accomplishments and potential are why I
am so proud to welcome Chief Operating Officer Oscar Munoz, who has served CSX since 2003, as our new President. Oscar has been the consummate business partner, inspiring and leading superior performance that serves the interests of our shareholders, customers, employees and the public.
Oscar and I, along with all of us at CSX, know that if this past decade is any indication, the next 10 years will bring some of the most exciting opportunities ever in the history of this nearly 190-year-old American icon. The enduring technology of steel wheel on steel rail is a metaphor for the strength and potential of our shareholders’ investments in CSX and our ability to generate welcome benefits to our environment and our economy.
Thank you for your confidence in CSX.
Michael J. Ward
  CSX 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
