  dear shareholders:
      
 Our ability to deliver this performance across a range of external conditions is the result of a committed workforce, the improvements we have made in our company over the past four years and the resiliency of our business. This gives us a solid footing in these difficult economic times and the ability to emerge as an even stronger company.
Longer-term, we have enormous confidence in the role that railroads will play in bringing solutions to some of our nation’s most critical problems. It’s a simple formula. As the population grows and consumes more, products need to be moved. We offer the most efficient and environmentally-friendly mode of surface transportation by far. And as our nation’s leaders look to stimulate the
Earnings
Per Share* Dividend Per Share
(continuing operations)
economy, they will turn to railroads to relieve congestion on the highways and carry materials that are critical to building roads, bridges and other infrastructure.
CSX is positioned to meet those needs. We have an excellent transportation network that serves critical markets where two-thirds of the country’s population
Operating Revenue ($ in millions)
Consolidated Operating Income ($ in millions)
      $11,255 $9,566 $10,030
2006 2007 2008
                                            $2,768 $2,260
2006 2007 2008
     $2,149
                                             $3.34 $ .77 $2.82 $2.74
2006 2007 2008 2006 2007 2008
                       $ .54
   $ .33
                                                     To do that, CSX is taking swift and decisive action to right-size our train network, enhance productivity and efficiency, and control costs. We have an exceptional team of employees who are driving change without sacrificing safety. Regrettably, we’ve had to furlough a number of great people in the past several months, and we’re committed to bringing them back as business conditions allow.
 *Earnings Per Share are from continuing operations and fully diluted.

  lives and where three-quarters of all consumption occurs. Our balanced portfolio of businesses is poised to benefit as various sectors of the economy improve in stages.
In 2009 we plan to invest $1.6 billion to
position our train network to help serve the country’s critical transportation needs. We’re also seeking to partner with federal, state and local governments. For example, our National Gateway initiative will create double-stack train clearances between the Mid-Atlantic
ports and the Midwest in partnership with North Carolina,Virginia,West Virginia, Maryland,The District of Columbia, Pennsylvania and Ohio. This will allow CSX to haul more freight in each train while taking traffic off the highways and improving the environment.
 
  For more than 180 years, CSX has been making a positive impact on the communities we serve.
As part of that
commitment, it
is important that we protect the environment by continually finding new ways to conserve energy and resources, and by developing long-term comprehensive climate change strategies.
This annual report itself represents a small but important example of our environmental leadership. By providing this document electronically, we are
reducing printing by more than 25 million pages, which helps preserve our forests and provides cost savings to our shareholders.
CSX is truly How Tomorrow Moves. The more than 30,000 men and women of our company believe that our commitment to tomorrow begins today. We’re dedicated to doing the right things with your investment, and doing them in a way that is good for our customers and the country.
Michael J. Ward
   