 CSX Executive Team
DEAR CSX SHAREHOLDER:
                                    CSX Executive Team:
Clarence W. Gooden, Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing and Chief Commercial Officer • Ellen M. Fitzsimmons, Senior Vice President of Law and Public Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary • David A. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer • Michael J. Ward, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer • Lisa A. Mancini, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Labor Relations • Oscar Munoz, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

AMERICAN COMPETITIVENESS
Our nation’s leaders are challenging the business community to help revitalize the American economy.
CSX accepts the challenge and is doing its part to provide strong competitive advantages to customers across a broad spectrum of industries – companies that manufacture steel and automobiles, grow crops, deliver vital raw materials and energy products, and supply the world with consumer goods.
As you might imagine, we are highly focused on American competitiveness, including the implications of government policy decisions on our customers, our industry and ultimately all consumers.
Let’s talk about four keys to success.
Certainty
One of the keys to American competitiveness, we believe, is minimizing uncertainty for businesses.
Changes in policies and regulations take years and even decades to work their way through complex supply chains. Ill-conceived policies and unfunded mandates can strain or even cripple the system.
 Operating Consolidated Revenue Operating Income
Earnings
Per Share Dividend Per Share
(continuing operations assuming dilution)
($ in millions)
($ in millions)
                                                                                                                           Over the past 30 years, Congress has wisely refrained from re-introducing substantial commercial regulations on the freight railroads. Today, average rail rates on an inflation-adjusted basis are less than half of what they were just after the railroads were partially deregulated in 1980.What’s more, the railroads are handling higher volumes, investing dramatically more in their infrastructures, and achieving record high levels of safety and service.
The nation has given the concept of partial deregulation time to work, and it is working well.
  
 Balance
Balanced policymaking is also fundamental to competitiveness.
Regulatory policies that provide critical oversight where needed are good – but not if they extend beyond their usefulness and inhibit employers from investing, growing and creating new jobs.
National fiscal policies should also be balanced, with an aggressive focus on debt reduction and a fair and equitable tax system that encourages businesses to invest, compete and grow.
For the environment, effective policies will emphasize clean technology and renewable energy sources while making full use of America’s vast resources, like coal, that keep energy affordable, promote energy independence and support jobs.
Investment
When government policies emphasize certainty and balance, businesses are better able and far more likely to invest.
CSX is highly committed to making critical investments in its part of the American transportation network, which serves about two-thirds of the nation’s population. Our investments are essential to accommodating growth, creating jobs and stimulating economic activity.
The U.S. Department of Transportation recently estimated that total freight movements will rise 61 percent between 2010 and 2040.The estimated hundreds of billions of dollars of freight rail investment required to help support this growth will come from the railroads themselves.They have already, in fact, invested nearly $500 billion since 1980.
But investing in freight railroads alone cannot alleviate America’s transportation infrastructure challenges. Clogged ports and crowded highways, for example, act as a drag on U.S. economic competitiveness. As a nation, we must continue planning and investing in a transportation system that keeps America moving forward.
We are pleased that the federal government, state governments and the private sector are working together to create infrastructure improvements that yield environmental and economic benefits for communities. CSX is at the leading edge of a number of such projects.
Education
As a company that is hiring thousands of new employees every year, we believe that education is foundational to everything we seek to achieve as a nation.
At CSX, qualified and motivated high school and college graduates have the opportunity to earn highly competitive pay and benefits, and excellent pensions in both union and management positions.
  
 We consider their education and training to be a three-way partnership, with schools promoting the technical, creative and critical thinking skills, CSX providing extensive railroad-specific training with an overriding emphasis on employee and public safety, and the employees dedicating themselves to excellence in their own academic and career development.
That’s the way the system should work. It isn’t a problem for government alone to fix. It’s an opportunity for all American institutions and citizens to embrace together.
CSX
Your company is a shining example of what can be achieved by highly skilled and empowered people who are drawn together by a common and compelling vision.
If you purchased $1,000 in CSX stock five years ago, your investment is now worth more than $2,700.We believe there is substantially more opportunity to generate value as the economy continues to improve, our investments and well-managed assets bear fruit, and our culture of accountability delivers strong operating results.
Your investment in CSX is improving the quality, flexibility and capacity of this nation’s essential transportation network.
At the same time, we have delivered, and will continue to deliver, excellent and sustainable value for our shareholders by continuing the balanced focus on cash deployment through high-return investments, dividends and share repurchases.
On behalf of my 30,000 colleagues at CSX, I’d like to sincerely thank you for your confidence in this company throughout the recent economic crisis and now as the economy continues to recover. We are relentlessly focused on earning it.
Your company has remained nimble and forward-looking, and there is a sense of enthusiasm and momentum like I’ve not seen in all my years of railroading.
Together, we are embarking on something truly special – creating a new chapter in a storied industry while generating substantial economic benefits for customers, the nation and you, our shareholders.
We look forward to delivering what we expect to be another great year for CSX.
Michael J.Ward
   