The year 2000 was a very important transfor-
mational year for Cooper Tire & Rubber
Company. At the end of 1999, to advance our
Cooper 21 plan, we acquired Standard Products.
That acquisition brought us a global presence
and critical mass in vehicular sealing systems.
In fact, it made us a very close number two
globally, a position we maintained in the year
2000 with just under $1 billion of sales under
the Cooper-Standard sealing umbrella.
In January we acquired Siebe Automotive to
again acquire a global footprint and critical
mass in fluid systems. Within a few months
we had doubled our sales and our people, and
had expanded our opportunities dramatically.
As the year went on, we started the
integration and reorganization of the business.
We immediately started realizing the synergies
by combining sales, engineering, and corporate
offices. In fact, by the end of the year we had
realized in excess of $20 million
of synergies,
having promised about $9 million.
We also started rationalizing the business.
We sold the trim plastics operations in April
and Holm Industries (appliance sealing) at
the end of the second quarter for a combined
$110 million.
We used this money to pay down debt.
While we were doing this, and in the midst
of dramatically increasing raw material costs,
we were able to report first six months’ profits
only $.01 per share less than our all-time
record. Also, we were gaining incremental
new business. By the end of the year we
had secured almost $350 million in net new
automotive business.
In the second half of the year, certainly fueled
in part by the Firestone recall, demand for our
tires outpaced our ability to produce and ship.
In fact, we had all-time record sales months
in August and October. And, Cooper and
Mastercraft set all-time monthly records the
last five months of the year. By the end of
the year our market share in the North American
tire replacement market had climbed into the
upper teens. Plus, we again were awarded
most of the customer service trophies by
Tire Review
in its annual dealer survey.
During the year we also announced important
management changes. We named Jim McElya
president of Cooper-Standard Automotive and
Rod Millhof executive vice president of that unit.
We named John Fahl executive vice president
of the company while maintaining his position
as president of Cooper Tire. We also named
Mark Armstrong president of the North
American Tire Division, Dick Stephens
president of Cooper Tire International
Division and Larry Enders president of
Cooper Tire Commercial Products Division.
As part of bringing our company together, we
also unveiled a Philosophy & Beliefs document.
This blueprint calls for us to work at growing
earnings per share, return on invested capital
and cash flow for the express purpose of
increasing the value of our shareholders’
investment – the only reason we are in business!
We also advanced the Cooper Learning Center
to help us transition our company culturally
and help us further our goal of being a learn-
ing organization that promotes from within
and is organized to serve the customer and
the shareholder.
As we said we would when we acquired
Standard and Siebe, we announced in
October a major restructuring of our facilities.
We announced that we would downsize or
close 22 plants during the next 18 months,
take $34.3 million in restructuring charges,
$9.8 million in operational expenses as
incurred, and save $30 million per year.
Finally, in the fourth quarter, while the auto-
motive industry was hit by quickly falling
build rates and the tire industry was hit by
mass confusion, we beat analysts’ expectations
and essentially hit 1999 earnings per share,
excluding the non-recurring charges. This
allowed us to end the year with the second
highest earnings per share in our history.
As I said, it was a very important transforma-
tional year, and we are very proud of it. As a
follow up, the year 2001 will be just as important.
It will be a year of transitioning to the struc-
ture of fewer plants, better asset utilization,
better cash flow and increased sales that we
will realize in the years 2002-2005. We will
also be dealing with a possible recession for
the first time in ten years. But, we have
strengthened ourselves in our core businesses
and are ready to realize the benefits over the
next few years. We have a lot of work to do,
but we are making it happen. The year 2000
was the best ever in sales, EBITDA, operating
earnings and operating cash flow. As we
reduce assets and expense and invested capital
as planned, our return on invested capital will
grow as well. This is all part of our plan.
Thank you for your support.