                              TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
Every year is significant, but 2014 was an especially important one for our company. We marked Cooper’s 100th year in the tire business with celebrations around the world to recognize the contributions of our people, the loyalty of our customers, and the importance of our communities. For any company, achieving such a significant milestone is a symbol of endurance; of having what it takes to capitalize on opportunities and overcome challenges.
That’s exactly what we did in 2014 as we started the year with solid momentum from 2013, but also faced some challenges that carried over from events of that year. These included resolving the ownership of the CCT joint venture in China, which we did by selling our interest and establishing supply agreements. These agreements provide a secure source of product while also allowing Cooper the flexibility to continue to identify and develop alternative sources for these tires. Putting this behind us and refocusing on our business led to strong financial performance in 2014 and continues to give Cooper a solid foundation moving forward.
2014 Annual Operating Profit of $300 Million
We concluded the year with full year operating profit of $300 million, or 8.8 percent of net sales, which is the second best annual operating profit in our company’s history. Improved operating profit in the America’s segment was the primary driver of this performance. The Americas segment also increased operating margin, demonstrating that our efforts to shift mix to more premium, higher-margin tires, are taking hold. In the International segment, the CCT divestiture, as well as unfavorable price/mix and other factors, resulted in an operating profit decline, as well as lower operating margin.
Full Year Net Income Improves to $214 Million,
or $3.42 per Share, Including Gain from CCT Sale
Net income was $214 million, or $3.42 per share, compared with $111 million, or $1.73 per share in 2013. These results include a gain of $56 million net of tax from the sale of CCT. Without the gain, earnings per share were $2.53.
Unit Volume Up 6 Percent in 2014 Driven by
Americas Operations; Sales Decrease Slightly
Unit volume for the total company increased 6 percent in 2014 compared with a year ago, primarily driven by strong performance in the Americas segment. As a result, net sales
Cooper rang the closing bell of the NYSE on September 5, 2014 to celebrate our 100th anniversary.
                        
                                  in this segment increased 4 percent to $2.59 billion from $2.49 billion in 2013. In the International segment, net sales decreased 8 percent to $1.14 million from $1.24 million in 2013. For the total enterprise, 2014 sales of $3.42 billion were down slightly compared with $3.44 billion in 2013.
Balance Sheet Remains Strong;
Cooper Delivers Value to Stockholders
Cooper continues to have a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity, which gives us the flexibility to invest appropriately in the business to support our strategic priorities while also continuing to return cash to our stockholders. Creating stockholder value remains our overarching goal.
In August, our company implemented a $200 million accelerated share repurchase program to enhance stockholder returns. We bought approximately 6.4 million shares under this program, with the purchase of all shares completed in February 2015. Cooper paid its 171ST consecutive quarterly dividend to stockholders in December 2014. In February of this year, we announced a new $200 million share repurchase authorization that will be completed by December 31, 2016.
Capital Expenditures of $145 Million
in 2014 as we Invest in the Business
Capital expenditures totaled $145 million in 2014 as we invested in the business to support our strategic priorities.
• We continued to update manufacturing facilities around the globe, investing in new equipment targeted at automating processes and positioning Cooper to continue to improve product mix and margin.
• We made significant investments in facilities to support our focus on innovation and technology, constructing a new, state-of-the-art Asia Technical Center and announcing a new Global Technical Center, a worldwide center of excellence for tire science and technology, advanced technology and innovation technology. This new center focuses on ready- to-use technologies that will help us expedite the product development cycle and allow Cooper to create innovations that are later deployed by our regional technical centers around the globe.
• We are also working on the development of lightweight, fuel-efficient tires and developing the guayule plant as a domestic source of natural rubber for the tire industry. Our company has been awarded grants totaling more than $8.4 million by the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for this critical research.
Technology Drives Award-Winning Products; Marketing Focuses on Brand
Our focus on technology feeds the new product pipeline. In 2014, Cooper launched a near-record number of new products around the globe, including the CS5 TouringTM tire, which features our unique Wear SquareTM technology and earned a 2014 GOOD DESIGNTM award from the Chicago Athenaeum: Museum of Architecture and Design and the European Centre for Architecture Art Design and Urban Studies.
Cooper’s CS5 Touring Tire: 2014 GOOD DESIGN Award Winner
 Other award winning products include the Cooper Zeon RS3-ATM, which for the second time, was named a Consumers Digest Best Buy. In addition, two of our new products, the Discoverer A/TWTM and the Discoverer SRXTM, received “recommended” ratings from a popular national consumer ratings magazine.
In Europe, we introduced the Starfire W200TM, which is aimed at the compact car market and is manufactured at our plant in Serbia. In Asia, we expanded our series of WeatherMaster IceTM tires specifically designed for harsh winter weather.
Our namesake Cooper brand is a major asset, and we invest to build, strengthen and support it. In 2014, Cooper executed a wide variety of promotions and programs, with a special emphasis on sports marketing. We sponsor Professional Bull Riding, Major League Baseball, the Canadian Hockey League, ESPN college football and all three levels of the Mazda Road to Indy development series in racing. We are also a partner of Arsenal Football Club, making Cooper the official tire for Arsenal in Europe, Asia, the Middle East, South Africa and select countries in North Africa.
Cooper expanded our social media reach in 2014, focusing on relevant topics such as tire maintenance and safety. For example, we hosted a “Super Mom” ride and drive event at our test track near San Antonio, Texas, with the nation’s top mom bloggers. The event included a unique obstacle course experience to present the dangers of distracted driving and resulted in social media activation that reached more than 125 million people.
            
                                                                Confident in Where We’re Going: 2015 and Beyond
As we enter our next century, Cooper is driving toward what we believe will be a strong performance in 2015 aligned with our strategic plan. Overall, while we anticipate that global tire markets will remain highly competitive, we expect to exceed industry unit volume growth rates in our largest markets for the full year.
Our strategic plan will continue to focus on the same three priorities that have delivered success for our company since first putting them into place in 2008.
• Driving topline profitable growth
• Developing a competitive cost structure and improving profitability
• Building organizational capabilities
Thank you to all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, employees, vendors and the communities where we operate, for your continued support. We have a strong belief in our people and in our company. We are confident that Cooper can achieve our goals and win in a very competitive and global industry. We have much work ahead and it will not be easy or without challenges, but we believe we have the right plan and the right team in place to be successful in the long run.
All of us are very proud of what we have accomplished in our first 100 years and we are excited about what’s to come for Cooper in the next century.
Roy V. Armes
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
      HELPING YOU GET THROUGH EVERYDAY LIFE EVERY
    DAY.
        