 To our Shareholders:
Welcome to the new look for Cooper Tire & Rubber Company! As you know, for the past few years we have been undergoing
a transformation like
no other in the history
of our company. We
are a performance tire manufacturer, we are involved in racing, and we own legendary off-road tire brand Mickey Thompson. We have completely changed our approach to commercial tires, we are now making racing tires in North America as well as in Europe and we will soon be making motorcycle tires in North America and Europe. We have manufacturing, sales and distribution operations around the world. Plus, we are now strictly a tire company.
The new logo that we launched in 2005 makes this transition and progress visible to the world and will help us better communicate all that we are:
§ Contemporary, smart, fast, fresh, high-tech, and innovative
§ Competing and connecting in new markets and arenas— performance tires, motorsports, young consumers, different cultures
§ A manufacturer and marketer of everyday tires for consumers around the world
§ And still known as reliable, friendly, consistent and dependable
This is a very exciting time for our company! We have made significant and positive changes that are creating new and increasing opportunities for all of us. Our new image and logo respects all the good things that Cooper has always been, but affirms and emphasizes all that we are today.
Progress and Changes
In 2005, following the sale of our automotive components operations in December of 2004, we were able to focus our energy, efforts and resources entirely on the tire business. This focus has enabled us to improve every aspect of the company.
In North America, we completed the expansion of our manufacturing operations by adding new, more efficient equipment to better meet the market demands for more flexible operations and more high performance and large diameter tires. We continued the introduction of new high performance products and we now have a total suite of products that compares favorably with any of our major competitors.
In Europe we have streamlined our manufacturing operations and increased our focus on high performance and racing tires. Low-cost supply relationships with Asian manufacturers provide the balance of the economy and broadline tires we need to serve our customers. We also expanded our sales and distribution in Europe with the opening of a new subsidiary operation in Spain and expanded relationships with key distributors across the continent.
In Asia, we are in the process of building a new Chinese manufacturing facility through our joint venture Cooper Kenda
and construction is progressing. Production of tires in this plant is scheduled to begin in the second half of 2006. In January 2005, we announced the acquisition of 11 percent of Kumho, a Korean tire manufacturer. In October we announced the acquisition of 51 percent of Cooper Chengshan (Shandong) Passenger Tire Co. Ltd. and Cooper Chengshan (Shandong) Tire Company, Ltd. This acquisition, which was finalized in early 2006, gives us a significant presence in the rapidly growing Chinese replacement tire market and provides tremendous opportunity for future growth. Finally, we continue to benefit from our relationships with Hangzhou Zhongce and Kenda
as they supply us with various passenger, light truck and commercial tires produced in China for sale in North America and Europe.
Recapitalization
During 2005 we made significant strides in recapitalizing the company. We repurchased $190 million worth of our common
stock during the year and $83 million in the fourth quarter of 2004, reducing the number of shares outstanding by about 20 percent. We paid down $278 million of our debt, bringing our debt to total capital ratio down to 34 percent. And we invested in our business, just as we said we would. We made or announced acquisitions totaling $185 million in cash consideration, invested more than $45 million to expand production capacity for critical, high demand products in our North American plants and more than $30 million in more efficient equipment, new tooling and molds, and new product development.
So 2005 was a pivotal year for our company. We accomplished a great many things that have expanded and improved our business. While we will continue to move forward with our strategy
and still have work to do, we are confident that our efforts and accomplishments will generate increasing returns in 2006 and beyond. Our purpose as a company remains the same as always: increase the value of our long-term shareholder’s investment.
Thank you for your continued support.
Thomas A. Dattilo
Chairman, President and CEO
     