To Our
To Our Shareholders
With the July 1, 2009, merger between CenturyTel, Inc. and Embarq Corporation, we achieved a new milestone in our long history of growth through acquisition. This acquisition, the largest in CenturyTel’s history, positioned us as a communications industry leader with unique advantages: a network of extensive scale and scope,
a strong portfolio of advanced communications and entertainment services, a very strong financial position and a talented team with a clear customer focus. Taken together, these advantages form a solid foundation
for growth for our combined company, which began operations in 2009 under the CenturyLink brand.
I want to thank our shareholders for recognizing the potential of this merger and for approving the transac- tion. I also want to thank our employees, whose hard work, sacrifice, skill and dedication have enabled us to accomplish so much over the past year. Thanks to their efforts, we completed the Embarq acquisition, launched the CenturyLink brand, successfully managed the first two quarters of integration activities and delivered 2009
results that demonstrate the potential of the merger to grow and transform our business.
It’s never easy to merge two large organizations and certainly not during times of such great economic chal- lenge. The success we achieved in 2009 demonstrates what is possible for CenturyLink as one of the premier providers of voice, broadband and video services in the United States.
2009 Results Reflect Potential of Merger
The Embarq acquisition created a leading communica- tions services provider with approximately 7 million access lines, 2.2 million broadband customers and 535,000 video subscribers in 33 states at year-end 2009. More significant than the increase in the scale of our business is the value we expect the merger to create. We expect the transaction to be accretive to free cash flow per share in the first full year after closing and to create $475 million in operating expense synergies, reve- nue opportunities and capital investment savings within the first three years after completing the transaction.
Stronger Connected
On July 1, 2009, CenturyTel completed its acquisition of Embarq Corporation (“EMBARQ”), creating one of the leading communications companies in the United States. Simultaneously, the company began operating under the name CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL).
CenturyLink is a leading provider of high-quality voice, broadband and video services over its advanced communica- tions networks to consumers and businesses in 33 states. CenturyLink, headquartered in Monroe, La., is an S&P 500 Company and expects to be listed in the Fortune 500 list of America’s largest corporations. For more information on CenturyLink, visit www.centurylink.com.
Shareholders
   Our Network: Unique, Valuable
10,000MILES
We expanded our high- speed optical network by approximately 10,000 miles.
90%
Our long-haul network now connects 90 percent of our service areas, reducing costs and creating revenue opportunities.
4th Largest
Based on access lines, CenturyLink is the 4th largest telecommunications company in the United States.
6 Mbps
At year-end 2009, 89 per- cent of our access lines were broadband-enabled. More than 50 percent of these broadband-enabled lines are capable of speeds of 6 Mbps or higher.
   2

Our Financial Position: Strong, Flexible
Our leadership team has spent a combined total of 200 years in the communications industry, many of which involved making acquisitions and managing integrations.
2009, up nearly 9 percent over the combined company total at year-end 2008.
We expect to deploy advanced services through an innovative product development plan that builds on the scale and scope of our fiber network. For example, we recently launched Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) service in Jefferson City, Missouri, using the same video head-end that we use to provide IPTV service
to Columbia, Missouri. Our past investments in high- quality network infrastructure are enabling us to expand our IPTV service to several additional markets in the near term without incurring a substantial increase in capital expenditures.
We also offer a full suite of business and enterprise services over our networks. Our advanced business services include nationwide Ethernet, which enables
our enterprise customers to quickly and securely share information between multiple internal locations or with customers and suppliers around the country. Similarly, our Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) service, which provides traffic management capabilities across multiple network protocols, helps business customers minimize bottlenecks, speed up traffic flows and more effectively manage their networks. Our comprehensive managed services enable customers to concentrate on their business priorities and leave their network operations
to CenturyLink. With our expanded fiber network, we can now serve many of our large enterprise customers entirely on our network, giving us greater control over costs, service delivery and customer experience.
Operating Model Creates Efficiencies
and Clear Customer Focus
Upon completion of the Embarq acquisition, we implemented our regional operating model across CenturyLink’s operations, which now includes five regions and 22 market clusters across our 33 states. This local model creates a clear market focus and drives sales and service decision-making closer to the
customer. With our locally focused market approach and integrated billing and customer care systems, we can successfully implement proactive and competitive direct-response marketing on a market-by-market basis.
In addition to local market support, we provide national account service to our large enterprise and wholesale customers. Our focus here is also on putting the cus- tomer at the center of all we do. In 2009, CenturyLink’s Wholesale Operations was recognized by ATLANTIC- ACM, a leading telecommunications research consul- tancy and benchmarking firm, as best-in-class based on customer feedback about our sales representatives, customer service, provisioning and billing.
In Support of Thoughtful Regulatory Reform
We support efforts to develop a national broadband
plan and modernize regulations governing the Universal Service Fund and intercarrier compensation. These regu- latory efforts should thoughtfully promote affordable broadband connectivity to as many people as possible, taking into account the unique challenges of serving rural and mid-size communities and respecting the fundamen- tal principle that reform should include fair compensation for the use of others’ networks. Advanced networks like ours are the product of years of capital investment and technology deployment, and require ongoing investment to continually improve and meet growing demand. We believe the underlying value of network assets should play a central role in determining the appropriate path for regulatory reform. We look forward to a constructive res- olution to many of these regulatory issues in the future.
Financial Strength Provides Strategic Flexibility
CenturyLink’s financial strength is reflected in our stable and predictable cash flows. Our free cash flow per share has grown significantly over the past six years due to our vigilance in aligning our cost structure to changing market conditions. Our dividend payout provides one of the highest yields in the S&P 500, yet CenturyLink has one of the lowest payout ratios among our industry
CASH FLOW
Our net cash provided by operating activities in 2009 was $1.574 billion (which includes six months of oper- ations from our EMBARQ properties), representing
a five-year compounded annual growth rate of 10.3 percent.
INVESTMENT-GRADE
CenturyLink is financially strong and one of the few companies in the communications industry with an investment-grade credit rating.
$2.90PER
Our Board of Directors approved a 3.6 percent divi- dend increase in February 2010, raising our dividend to $2.90 per share.
200
YEARS
Stronger Connected
“We expect to deploy advanced services through an innovative product development plan that builds on the scale and scope of our fiber network.”
SHARE
   4

“Over the past 15 years, CenturyLink’s total shareholder return
was 197 percent – according to Bloomberg the highest of all telecommunications companies, nearly four times the performance of the S&P Telecom Index and higher than the S&P 500”.
peers. Additionally, we are one of the few companies in our industry with an investment-grade credit rating. Over the past 15 years, CenturyLink’s total shareholder return was 197 percent – according to Bloomberg the highest of all telecommunications companies, nearly four times the performance of the S&P Telecom Index and higher than the S&P 500.
Our strong cash flows give us the flexibility to invest in opportunities that support our value-creating strategies. We were able to undertake the Embarq acquisition in
the midst of the most turbulent financial markets seen
in a generation. In 2009, we gained additional financial flexibility by extending our overall debt maturity schedule through a debt tender offer and the issuance, at very attractive rates, of 10-year and 30-year unsecured
senior notes. We remain disciplined about our policy
of returning cash to our shareholders without sacrificing our strong credit profile. Given our strong cash flows, our Board of Directors approved a 3.6 percent dividend increase in February 2010, raising our dividend to
$2.90 per share. Going forward, we expect to continue to have the flexibility to invest in our business or, in
the absence of attractive opportunities, return cash
to our shareholders.
Stronger Connected
While 2009 was an outstanding year for our organization, we remain well aware of the challenges that lie ahead. We expect a slow economic recovery to limit growth opportunities in the near term. We also anticipate continued regulatory uncertainty as policymakers pursue regulatory reform and a national broadband plan. For CenturyLink in particular, we face the challenge of executing our merger integration plan while maintaining a clear focus on serving our customers and extending our broadband leadership in the markets we serve.
These challenges are significant, but I believe that CenturyLink has many advantages that will drive our future success. We have a unique national network,
a strong financial position, a proven leadership team and dedicated employees with a tremendous capacity for change. I believe we are well-positioned to be the broadband leader in the markets we serve – connecting our customers to the people, information and entertain- ment they want and need. Our vision for CenturyLink is to improve lives, strengthen businesses and connect communities by delivering advanced technologies and solutions with honest and personal service.
In the year ahead, we will continue to work through our integration plan to achieve the operating savings and revenue opportunities we have identified. We will keep our customers at the center of everything we do and remain focused on delivering long-term value to our shareholders. We are excited by the growth potential
we see for CenturyLink, and we will work hard to
realize that potential for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and employees. Thank you for your continued confidence and support.
Glen F. Post, III
Chief Executive Officer and President
 5
