 Statement of Management’s Responsibility for Financial Statements
To the Stockholders of
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. The consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Other financial information in the report to shareholders is consistent with that in the consolidated financial statements.
The Company maintains accounting and internal control systems
to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing financial state- ments and maintaining accountability for assets. These systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure provid- ing division of responsibilities and careful selection and training of qualified personnel.
The Company engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. These standards include an assessment of the systems of internal controls and tests of transactions to the extent considered necessary by them to support their opinion.
The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee consisting sole- ly of outside directors of the Company, meets periodically with man- agement and our independent accountants to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning inter- nal controls and financial reporting. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has full and free access to the Audit Committee.
Wijeyaraj Mahadeva
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Gordon J. Coburn
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Treasurer
Report of Independent Accountants
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation:
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position and the related consolidated statements of oper- ations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial state- ments are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York February 6, 2001
   18
  COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS
