In today's shifting technology and business landscape, enterprises face a dual mandate: they must operate with greater efficiency and productivity to run better, while also achieving innovation-led advances in performance and value to run differently. To meet the challenge of this dual mandate, we have strengthened our capacity to guide our clients through transformations that leverage the potential of new technologies::                       Integrating social, mobile, analytical and cloud technologies, which Integrating social, mobile, analytical and cloud technologies, which
TM TM wewe call the SMAC Stack , into a new IT IT foundation that will alter the call the SMAC Stack , into a new foundation that will alter the

TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:

AT COGNIZANT, WE BELIEVE THAT CHALLENGING THE STATUS QUO IS VITAL TO OUR CLIENTS' BUSINESSES -- AND TO OUR OWN.

way businesses interact and transact with customers, employees, way businesses interact and transact with customers, employees, partners and markets; partners and markets; Helping clients to to extract business meaning from what wewe call Helping clients extract business meaning from what call
TM TM the Code Halo , the aura of of digital information that surrounds   the Code Halo , the aura digital information that surrounds

people, products and organizations, will bebe a key determinant people, products and organizations, will a key determinant of of business success; and business success; and Building new platforms that allow businesses to to migrate key processes, Building new platforms that allow businesses migrate key processes, services and infrastructure to to the cloud will increase their operational   services and infrastructure the cloud will increase their operational flexibility and cost effectiveness through the emerging Business Cloud.  flexibility and cost effectiveness through the emerging Business Cloud.

Enabling clients to unlock the promise of these technologies represents an exciting  growth opportunity for Cognizant. We are applying our strengths -- depth in key industries, significant global scale in program delivery, business consulting prowess and technology leadership -- to assist clients with their transformation. Toward that end, we partner with clients to make existing operations as efficient and cost-effective to operate as possible and to free up resources to invest in innovation that builds new capabilities and unleashes new potential.

2 COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT

COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT 3

INDUSTRY­LEADING GROWTH
In 2013, our focus on helping clients to reinvent their businesses led to another year of revenue growth for Cognizant. Revenue grew to $8.84 billion, rising more than 20% from 2012. GAAP net income was $1.23 billion, or $4.03 per diluted share ($2.02 on a post-split basis),* up from $1.05 billion, or $3.44 per diluted share ($1.72 on a post-split basis), for 2012. Diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes stock-based compensation costs and acquisition-related charges, was $4.38 ($2.19 on a post-split basis). GAAP operating margin was 19.0%, while nonGAAP operating margin was 20.6%, topping our targeted 19% to 20% range.** With cash and short-term investments of $3.75 billion, we ended the year with a solid balance sheet, reflecting the continued strength of our business model.

Healthcare revenues, primarily from payer, pharmaceutical and medical device clients, rose more than 17% year-on-year. Engagements related to Affordable Care Act initiatives were among the key contributors to this growth. For example, we are helping CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, a leading not-for-profit healthcare company, launch technology that will permit its 3.3 million members to manage their health coverage via smartphones and tablets. In the pharma sector, we are helping leading players accelerate the development of new treatments through more precise and effective clinical trial data management; others are using our advanced analytics to make sales and marketing programs more cost-efficient.

STRENGTH ACROSS INDUSTRIES
The Company's performance in 2013 benefited from the diversity and breadth of our business across multiple industry sectors and service offerings. We ended the year with nearly 1,200 active clients; 243 of these represent strategic accounts, which we define as clients with the potential to spend at least $5 million to potentially more than $50 million with us annually. Demand for SMAC services was evident across many of our engagements, leading to more than $500 million in revenues from projects related to client SMAC initiatives and our SMAC-based offerings. Among our best-performing industry sectors, financial services revenues were up over 22% from the prior year. Revenues from retail/manufacturing/logistics clients grew by almost 25%. In addition to a growing interest in SMAC-related services, other key focus areas for financial clients included cost rationalization, regulatory and compliance initiatives. As an example, XL Group plc, a global insurance company, engaged us to develop a mobile risk engineering platform that will provide real-time information to underwriters to transform and optimize risk assessment. The move toward "retail without boundaries" is leading clients to partner with us on a range of consumer-facing and supply chain initiatives. For instance, we are working with John Lewis, a leading UK retailer, to map out a consistent, highquality omnichannel customer experience. Revenues from clients in other industries, which include high technology, communication and information/media/entertainment, increased 13% from the prior year.

* On March 7, 2014, we completed a 2-for-1 stock split of our common stock in the form of a stock dividend. ** Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share and non-GAAP operating margin are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" beginning on page 54 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K included in this Annual Report for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.

4 COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT

COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT 5

GROWTH WAS STRONG ACROSS ALL REGIONS
North America revenues rose nearly 18%, as we added an array of new clients and expanded existing relationships, including Fallon Health and U.S. Bancorp. Europe was up 32% overall, reflecting 23% growth in the UK and a robust 48% revenue increase in Continental Europe, including the contributions from our Equinox and C1 Group acquisitions. In a recent engagement, Network Rail, the UK's leading rail infrastructure provider, named Cognizant as its key IT solutions and systems integration framework partner to help improve core information management functions and processes that are critical to its infrastructure and performance. We continued to expand in other key regional markets, including Asia-Pacific, Japan, Australia, the Middle East and Latin America, with revenues increasing 28% over the prior year. For example, Saudi Electricity Company, the Middle East's largest utility, chose Cognizant to develop a comprehensive billing and revenue management solution to enable the delivery of superior service to a growing customer base. In Latin America, we are building the foundation for future growth by expanding our near-shore footprint: opening our first delivery center in Costa Rica, expanding our delivery center in Brazil and further extending our operations in Argentina.

OPPORTUNITY ON THE HORIZON
For the last few years, we have embraced a "three horizon" strategy to grow our businesses: Horizon 1 Optimizing core IT services Horizon 2 Building momentum in services such as Business Consulting,  Business Process Services (BPS) and IT Infrastructure Services Horizon 3 Incubating new technology architectures, delivery models and markets

Horizon 1 services, such as Enterprise Application Services, Enterprise Information Management, and Quality Excellence & Assurance (which includes testing), grew steadily in 2013. In Horizon 2, Cognizant Business Consulting won several marquee clients in healthcare, retailing and technology. BPS landed engagements in mortgage servicing, clinical operations and healthcare provider services. IT Infrastructure Services had solid growth, including assignments for remote infrastructure management and service desk solutions. We also are

REVENUE GROWTH ACROSS REGIONS

32%
EUROPE

NORTH AMERICA

18%

seeing a strong pace of growth in Horizon 3 services, which includes many of our SMAC-related offerings, as well as other initiatives around new technologies, delivery models and markets.

ASIA, AUSTRALIA, MIDDLE EAST AND LATIN AMERICA

28%

6 COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT

COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT 7

INVESTING IN GROWTH
We have continued to grow our capacity to enable client transformation through selective acquisitions, as well as investments in new services and an expanding delivery network. In October 2013, we acquired Equinox Consulting, based in Paris, which provides business consulting services to investment banking, asset management, retail banking, insurance and specialized financial services clients. Founded in 2004, Equinox is well known for its regulatory consulting expertise, an essential skill given today's fast-changing regulatory landscape, as well as strategy consulting, organization and operations management, change management and human resources consulting. The addition of Equinox and its consulting professionals is expected to strengthen our integrated offering for financial services clients and our presence in Europe. Early in 2013 we acquired six companies of the C1 Group, a consulting and IT services firm based in Hamburg, Germany. The transaction expanded our footprint in Europe, added depth to our Manufacturing/Logistics, Energy/Utilities and Financial practices, and enhanced our Enterprise Application Services (specifically SAP services) and high-end testing capabilities. Since the acquisition, the C1 team has been pivotal in helping Cognizant to acquire new clients, winning assignments at Monier, BMW, Heinemann and GLOBAL FOUNDRIES. We are also developing new service delivery models as part of our Horizon 3 initiative to address the changing dynamics of our clients' businesses. To that end, we are launching a portfolio of proprietary Cognizant BusinessCloudTM Solutions that will allow clients to quickly deploy on-demand business and IT solutions without the large capital outlays and long implementation timelines that are sometimes associated with traditional on-premise solutions. The BusinessCloud portfolio encompasses platforms such as Software as a Service (SaaS) and Business Process as a Service (BPaaS). Our BusinessCloud platforms help clients accelerate innovation by reducing the cost, time-to-market and execution risk of new products and services.

GIVING BACK, MAKING A DIFFERENCE
We continuously challenge ourselves to make a difference in areas such as education, the environment and employee development, health and safety. For example, we have a major commitment to science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education in the U.S., supporting 25 Making the Future after-school and summer programs in 2013, and helping to found US2020, which aims to mobilize one million volunteer STEM mentors annually by 2020. Last year, we also made a three-year, $150,000 commitment to help fund universitysponsored STEM education programs at Texas A&M University. Our Project Outreach volunteer program supports a range of learning initiatives in India and other countries, with over 57,000 associates dedicating more than 247,300 hours to mentoring, career counseling and talent development efforts last year. Cognizant Foundation has funded 18 education projects, covering engineering scholarships, school improvements and other resources, and 14 healthcare projects, such as eye-care screening programs. With respect to the environment, we have begun purchasing meaningful amounts of renewable energy for some of our India facilities, and we now source roughly 10% of our global energy needs from wind and biomass. Our volunteers are involved in clean-up efforts, recycling campaigns and awareness-raising activities in their communities, and overall per capita carbon emissions have been reduced 40% from the 2008 baseline. As a people- and knowledge-based service business, we are continually expanding and refining our professional development, diversity and wellness programs. I encourage you to read our Sustainability Report for an in-depth discussion of our efforts in these and other areas.

8 COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT

COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT 9

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam nonummy nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat volutpat. Ut wisi enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exerci tation ullamcorper suscipit lobortis nisl ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis autem vel eum iriure dolor in hendrerit in vulputate velit esse molestie consequat, vel illum dolore eu feugiat nulla facilisis at vero eros et accumsan et iusto odio dignissim qui blandit praesent luptatum zzril delenit augue duis dolore te feugait nulla facilisi. Nam liber tempor cum soluta nobis eleifend option congue nihil imperdiet doming id quod mazim placerat facer possim assum. Typi non habent claritatem insitam; est usus legentis in iis qui facit eorum claritatem. Investigationes demonstraverunt lectores legere me lius quod ii legunt saepius. Claritas est etiam processus dynamicus, qui sequitur mutationem consuetudium lectorum. Mirum est notare quam littera gothica, quam nunc putamus parum claram, anteposuerit litterarum formas humanitatis per seacula quarta decima et quinta decima. Eodem modo typi, qui nunc nobis videntur parum clari, fiant sollemnes in futurum.

RECOGNIZING RESULTS
It is gratifying that our accomplishments in client service, financial performance and corporate responsibility have been recognized by independent sources, and I would like to share just a few of these accolades. Cognizant is #1 on the "Fortune All Star" list of fastest growing companies, and ranks among the "Fortune 500," "Financial Times 500" and "Forbes Global 2000." We have been cited as a leader in the Forrester WaveTM ranking of workplace services providers. Our commitment to environmental stewardship was cited in the "Newsweek Green" and "FTSE4Good" rankings. And our employee development efforts were honored with a "BEST" award from the American Society for Training and Development.
COGNIZANT COGNIZANT ANNUAL ANNUAL REPORT REPORT 11

CHALLENGING, CHANGING AND GROWING
As Cognizant marks 20 years in business, we can look back with pride at our achievements: partnering with clients to spark entrepreneurship and innovation, providing leadership and direction through two decades of technology shifts and economic cycles, and driving profitable growth and rising business value. We deeply appreciate the loyalty of our clients, the dedication of our employees, and the confidence of our stakeholders throughout our history, and we look forward to many more years of progress. The voluminous growth of data and devices, the continued digitization of our clients' markets, and the exciting potential for social, mobile, analytical and cloud-enabled enterprises have combined to make business more IT-intensive than ever before. As a result, we anticipate another year of industry-leading growth in 2014. To support that growth, we will continue to invest in new service platforms, delivery centers and global talent, to enhance our value to existing and prospective clients, extend our track record of outperformance, and deliver on our commitments to clients, employees, stakeholders and society. Sincerely,

"We always keep challenging, and that's central to our success in the past and will continue to be in the future."

KEEP CHALLENGING

TM

Francisco D'Souza Chief Executive Officer

12 COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT

COGNIZANT COGNIZANT ANNUAL ANNUAL REPORT REPORT 13

