                                        $88,904
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  REVENUE
(thousands)
  $58,606
$24,744 $12,032
96 97 98 99
OPERATING INCOME
(thousands)
16,645
8,918
96 97 98 99
EMPLOYEES
2,220
1,560
990 575
96 97 98 99
      2,129 1,466
         1999
was a stellar year for Cognizant, and the future has never looked brighter.
We successfully completed our Y2K-related projects and strongly positioned ourselves for short- and long-term growth as a leading e-business and applications man- agement service provider, thus the theme for this year’s annual report: “Applying e-business to everyday business.”
Our other achievements for the year included great financial results, a 40 percent increase in our staff, and higher-than-ever customer satisfaction and employee retention. Cognizant’s 1999 financial performance clearly reflects these successes. Our high level of expertise in the development, delivery and ongoing management of innovative software solutions, the efficiency and quality of our offshore/on-site business model and our com- mitment to our clients has enabled us to reach and exceed ever-higher financial goals.
To recap our financial results, for the year ended December 31, 1999, total revenues increased 52 percent to $88.9 million, from $58.6 million for the prior year. Non-Y2K-relat- ed revenues grew 129.1 percent. This growth was driven not only by a 40 percent rise in our total number of customers, but also by a recurring revenue in excess of $73 million from existing customers. Net income for 1999 was up 86 percent to $11.2 million, or $0.58 per share, diluted, based on 19.4 million common and dilutive shares outstanding, from $0.37 per share, diluted, based on 16.5 million common and dilutive shares outstanding for the prior year. Gross margin was about 48 percent for the year.
Turning to our balance sheet, we finished 1999 with no debt and $42.6 million in cash and cash equivalents, or $14.2 million more than 1998’s figure. We also saw a 39 percent rise in stockholders’ equity. Cognizant continued to generate cash in 1999, in part helped by the $4.3 million increase in our deferred tax balance. This deferred tax balance results from the tax holiday we enjoy on our profits from our operations in India. As a result of the tax holi- day, our cash tax rate was only 14.2 percent, although our policy has been to accrue taxes at a full rate of 37.4 percent.
The Internet has not only inspired an entirely new industry, but it has also given companies in virtually all other industries unprecedented opportunities for growth. Applying e-busi- ness to everyday business – for Cognizant and its clients – is at the heart of our new solu- tion offerings and strategies. We help companies in both existing and new industries gain and maintain a competitive edge by maximizing their ability to implement and benefit from their e-business strategies.
1
 COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS

                                          Applying e-business to everyday business is at the heart of our new solutions.
Cognizant is now successfully positioned as an e-business service provider. And since e-business needs map so well to our business model, we believe we will be able to make e-business 50 per- cent of our business. Already, we have taken many steps toward that goal. Much of our R&D outlays for 1999 went toward developing and defining e-business-related offerings, and we will
rrmarkets, including financial and information services and health-
rrcare, and then expanding the number of industries it is able to sup- rrport. We will also continue to partner with other consulting companies
and software vendors and to collaborate with academic institutions to build our business and deliver top solutions to our clients.
We’ve continued to improve our operations by training and hiring more than 400 programmers in e-commerce technologies. In addition, Cognizant’s internal operations systems are now Web- based. The Company opened two new software centers in India, bringing the total to eight, which gives us space for our expanded staff and the dedicated technical support for our e-busi- ness efforts. In 2000, we plan to further expand our infrastructure to support our ongoing anticipated growth in e-business and applications management. We ended the year with a bill- able headcount of 2,000, up from 1,390. We also installed a new high-performance telecommu- nications network in 1999, linking our development center in India with our clients, and doubled our bandwidth, which we will continue to upgrade in the coming years.
rrcontinue to enhance these R&D efforts throughout this year. Cognizant is rrconcentrating first on delivering services to its strongest vertical
  Lakshmi Narayanan
President and
Chief Operating Officer
Cognizant invested significantly in sales and marketing in 1999, and it’s paying off. The Company opened a new office in Frankfurt to ramp up sales in Germany and to develop its presence in Continental Europe. We hired a vice president of marketing and a vice president of large account sales, and built a highly effective, industry-leading sales and marketing organization, to support our growth and to build brand recognition for Cognizant and its offerings. We also boosted our investment in account management and significantly
increased our ability to forge stronger, long-lasting relation- ships with our clients and to expand those relationships to include multiple Cognizant services.
Customer satisfaction is extremely important to us, so we are compelled to provide the best service and support. And our efforts in this area are paying off. Cognizant’s customer satisfac- tion has never been higher according to our yearly surveys. A big driver of Cognizant's high
2
  COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS

                                           customer satisfaction is our achievement of Level 4 certification by the Software Engineering Institute’s (SEI’s) Capability Maturity Model (CMM). This is a very rare and meaningful achievement in our industry. Widely viewed as the standard for measuring software development and maintenance processes, SEI-CMM Level 4 proficiency certifi- cation has been achieved by only a small percentage of companies in the industry.
Cognizant provides the best service and support to its customers because we have
great people. We recruit the cream of the crop from the best universities in India and
provide extensive leadership and technical training. Each member of our staff is highly
valued and respected, and, as a result, our employee turnover rate is a meager 11 percent, or roughly half the industry average. Our Company benefits greatly from its ability to retain talent- ed employees, not only by reaping the long-term rewards of its training efforts, but also by being able to provide continuity of quality service to its clients. Cognizant is able to make itself an indispensable extension of our clients’ IT organizations because of the talent, expertise and work ethic of its people.
We’ve also received terrific public recognition in the past year. In November 1999, Forbes maga- zine named Cognizant the number one best small company in its list of the “200 Best Small Companies” in America, and the New Jersey Technology Council selected us as “Public Company of the Year.” We consider these and the other numerous honors we’ve received as added valida- tion of our efforts to deliver maximum results to our shareholders.
We thank our employees for their innovative thinking and hard work, our shareholders and the financial community for their continued support, and our clients for their business. We look for- ward to bringing you more good news in 2000 as we build upon the successes of 1999.
Sincerely,
Wijeyaraj Mahadeva
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lakshmi Narayanan
President and Chief Operating Officer
Wijeyaraj Mahadeva
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
  