  To our stakeholders:
Revenue
(in thousands)
$229,086 $177,778
$137,031
$88,904 $58,606
98 99 00 01 02
Shareholders’ Equity
(in thousands)
$165,481
$98,792
$66,116
$45,461 $32,616
98 99 00 01 02
Operating Income
(in thousands)
$45,198 $35,620
During 2002, Cognizant continued to achieve record financial and opera- tional results, re-asserting our company’s position as a leader in the high- growth offshore IT services industry.
With a deep understanding of the needs of the clients we serve and the industries in which we operate, Cognizant has advanced the advantage of offshore by enabling larger organizations to achieve greater bottom-line and strategic business benefits from their information technology assets. The range and depth of our vertically oriented expertise; our ability to lead clients through change programs that deliver bottom-line results; our ability to quickly ramp up huge teams of top IT professionals; and the quality, speed and cost-effectiveness of our work have made Cognizant
2002 COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT
         $26,128
$16,645 the onsite/offshore partner of choice for a growing number of Fortune
  $8,918 1000 companies.
  98 99 00 01 02
4th Generation: Advancing the Advantage of Deeper Partnerships
Consistent with our reputation of staying ahead of the curve both techno- Employees logically and by maintaining a powerful client-focused corporate culture,
    3,164 2,220
6,168
Cognizant has pioneered the 4th Generation services model. This partner- ship-centric model gives Cognizant a distinct competitive advantage in the offshore outsourcing industry. In this new age of offshore, the top man- agement of industry-leading companies is driving larger, more important offshore initiatives, and they are interested only in strategic partners with
  3,926
   1,560 proven capabilities. Because the stakes are much higher now – with
   98 99 00 01 02
relationships beginning with more strategically central work and quickly ramping up to annual run rates of $5 million to $30 million or more – these companies want top-quality providers that are able to deliver multi- million dollar savings fast by quickly moving large volumes of work off- shore while driving complex IT and business transformation. Cognizant is one of only a few offshore providers with a proven track record of meeting these demands with stellar results.
(cont’d)
1

 2
The Four Generations of Offshore Outsourcing
1st Generation
Cognizant’s vertical expertise, domain and client knowledge, and top position as an IT and MBA recruiter bolster its ability to support and build business applications that provide meaningful change, supporting our clients’ top- and bottom-line growth objectives. Unlike the traditional outsourcing model, our 4th Generation model is flexible and relationship driven, rather than driven by a contract or discrete project. This means that Cognizant acts as a strategic partner, extending and leveraging the strength of the client organization. Unlike most of its offshore competitors, Cognizant makes large investments in client partners, executive management, proj- ect heads and practice leaders who are located close to clients in the U.S. and Europe and who are empowered to make key decisions, greatly enhancing our responsiveness and the speed of decision making. Moreover, clients commend Cognizant’s unique, people-centric, non-hierarchi- cal, global business culture and “can-do” spirit. The extensive U.S. and European experience
of our management in India and our proven soft-skills programs bridge the cultural divide between our clients and our offshore team members to achieve seamless integration, maximum efficiency and outstanding results.
Cognizant’s Financial Advantage
The broad market acceptance of offshore in key industries and the success of our 4th Generation services model – which we believe has only just begun to tap its potential – both contributed significantly to Cognizant’s growth in 2002. We signed 16 new strategic clients in 2002. Strategic clients are those with the potential to achieve an annual run rate of $5 million to $30 million or more. In addition, we expanded our relationship with many of our established clients.
S T A F F I N G
•Recruit offshore, staff on client’s site •Little cost or value impact
2002 COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT
2ndGeneration OFFSHORE CODE FACTORY •No local client interface
3rd Generation
4th Generation
•Limited to well-defined projects •Communication and quality issues
ONSITE/OFFSHORE
•Integrated onsite/offshore teams •Integrated processes, networks and tools •High-quality for a wide range of projects
COGNIZANT’S ONSITE/OFFSHORE
•Business results focused
•Client partnership oriented
•Help client perform while transforming

The effects on our financial results were significant. Revenue grew 29 percent to $229.1 million
for 2002 from $177.8 million for 2001. More than 80 percent of our revenue came from estab-
lished clients that have been with Cognizant for at least a year. Net income (on a U.S. GAAP
basis) for 2002 increased 56 percent to $34.6 million, or $0.54 per diluted share (post-split),
from $22.1 million, or $0.36 per diluted share (post-split), for 2001. Pro forma earnings, which
exclude $1.7 million in transaction costs related to the IMS Health exchange offer in 2002
(explained below), and a $2.0 million impairment loss on our investment in Questra Corporation
in 2001, rose to $0.57 per diluted share (post-split) for 2002 from Cognizant’s vertical expertise, domain and $0.38 per diluted share (post-split) for 2001. Moreover, client knowledge, and top position as an IT and Cognizant completed 2002 with no debt, $126 million in MBA recruiter bolster our ability to support and cash and a 68 percent year-over-year increase in stockholders’ equity. build business applications that provide In addition to our strong cash position, Cognizant’s decision in meaningful change, supporting our clients’ 2002 to no longer repatriate money from India to the United States top- and bottom-line growth objectives. bolsters our company’s ability to invest in growth initiatives.
During the fourth quarter of 2002, plans were announced to distribute IMS’ majority interest in Cognizant. This distribution was completed after the close of the year – in February 2003 – through a “split-off” exchange offer that provided IMS shareholders with the opportunity to exchange some or all of their shares of IMS stock for shares of Cognizant Class B common stock held by IMS, which owned 33.9 million shares (post-split), or about 55 percent of the outstand- ing shares of Cognizant. All of the Cognizant shares were distributed by IMS, substantially broadening our investor base, increasing liquidity in the stock and enabling us to operate as a fully independent company.
Our accomplishments have also garnered recognition outside of the realm of our prospective and established clients and shareholders. Cognizant was the top-ranked technology company on Business Week’s 2002 list of Hot Growth Companies and Forbes’ 2002 Best Small Companies list, and was ranked one of the top-performing stocks for the year on Personal Finance magazine’s Bloomberg 100 list. Cognizant was also chosen as the top pure-play onsite/offshore company on a newly created list of multinational software exporters by the National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM), an 870-member organization for IT software and services companies in India. In addition, Computerworld, one of America’s leading publications for IT executives, selected two Cognizant clients – DFS Group and Mercury Insurance – as Premier 100 IT Leaders. This award honors their creative application of technology in the execution of their business plans – projects in which Cognizant played a significant role. Collectively, this recogni- tion re-confirms Cognizant’s reputation as a top-tier company in its peer group.
  3

 information services
other
2002 COGNIZANT ANNUAL REPORT
Advancing Cognizant’s Future Advantage
By continuing to invest in client relationships, powerful new services, processes and methodolo- gies, and other promising growth opportunities, we are working to ensure Cognizant’s future success. To that end, we have continued to invest for growth pragmatically – in strategies that have proven successful for our company in the past and in new initiatives that we believe will give Cognizant an even greater competitive advantage for the future.
Cognizant took a number of steps in 2002 to provide its clients with a greater selection of high- er-value services and world-class processes and methodologies. We offer a full range of large- scale application management and transformation services, including portfolio analysis, ration- alization and consolidation, change management, program management and transformational outsourcing. The new Portfolio Analysis and Rationalization Service helps clients cut costs, streamline processes, and boost system performance and throughput by eliminating system redundancies and rationalizing their application portfolios and IT organizations. Using these services, Cognizant is able to provide performance improvements and cost savings that signifi-
Bycontinuingtoinvestinclientinterface, cantlyexceedtheadvantagestypicallyprovidedbyotheroffshore increasingly powerful new services, processes and vendors. Our Enterprise Consulting Practice contin- methodologies, and other promising growth ued to attract new business during 2002 as more and more opportunities, we are working to ensure industry-leading companies sought to improve their business per- Cognizant’s future success. formance with large-scale, strategic business-application projects. The Enterprise Consulting
 Revenue Distribution
Practice offers technology strategy and architecture consulting; e-business; data warehousing; Customer Relationship Management (CRM); Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP); and a number of other strategic technology competencies. Our Industrialization Service ensures that clients get robust, scaleable systems that perform superbly in the most demanding real-world deploy- ments. Cognizant is completely focused on the needs of business end-users who want to drasti- cally cut IT costs while transforming their IT portfolio. Unlike many other offshore providers, we have not distracted our focus by pursuing other businesses – such as telecommunications R&D – that have no relevance to CIOs and business end-users. And our expertise runs deep: For exam- ple, Cognizant has developed a comprehensive set of services for the financial and healthcare industries – two of our key verticals – and we continue to expand these offerings. In addition, we’ve taken the initial steps toward adding Business Process Outsourcing capabilities that can directly impact our clients’ business performance by dramatically improving cost structure and quality.
20%
       healthcare services
24%
14% 7%
 35%
financial-related services
retail, manufacturing and logistics
   4

To strengthen our service capabilities for global clients and companies in Europe – a market that we believe is ripe for offshore growth – Cognizant acquired a near-shore develop- ment facility in Ireland during 2002. An important step in our international expansion strategy, this facility also allows us to better serve the multi-time zone requirements of many of our large North American clients and to further solidify the business continuity and disaster recovery options available to our global clients.
We also opened two out of three of our newly built technocomplexes in Calcutta and Pune dur- ing 2002. These state-of-the-art facilities are company owned, ultimately reducing Cognizant’s per-square-foot occupancy expense in India by more than 50 percent.
For 2003 and beyond, Cognizant’s prospects appear extremely bright. We are continuing to deepen our relationships with our established clients, and our pipeline for new business remains robust. The mainstream acceptance of offshore in strategic IT initiatives has generated unprece- dented momentum in the marketplace. Giga Research predicts that offshore outsourcing will grow at 25 percent annually. Moreover, Europe seems poised for the next wave of offshore growth, and Cognizant is well positioned to lead the offshore revolution for companies in the U.K. and Continental Europe.
We are grateful to our clients for allowing us to prove our value to them, to our shareholders for sharing and supporting our vision for this company, and to our amazing employees, whose dedi- cation to achieving the best results for our clients never wavers. Together, we are advancing the advantages of offshore, advancing Cognizant’s advantage in the offshore industry and enhanc- ing the ability of companies throughout the world to compete on a higher level.
Sincerely,
Wijeyaraj Mahadeva Lakshmi Narayanan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
Wijeyaraj Mahadeva
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Lakshmi Narayanan
President and
Chief Operating Officer
    5
