TO OUR STO OCK KHOLDE ERS
Cognizant again delivered industry-leading growth in 2015. Revenue reached a record $12.42 billion, rising 21% from 2014. This strong performance reflects our unique ability to help global organizations fulfill a dual mandate. Leaders recognize that they must run better -- operating with greater efficiency, productivity and flexibility. They also must run differently -- embracing innovation and reinventing their businesses to compete in today's dynamic digital world. With our vast process and technology capabilities, robust consulting expertise, deep industry knowledge, global delivery network, and 221,700 talented associates, we are well positioned to help clients master both sides of the dual mandate.

More and more companies recognize the need to disrupt their own business models, redesign their products and services, and rethink the ways in which they engage with customers, employees and partners. In this environment, organizations must make the leap from doing digital to being digital to meet the rapidlychanging demands of customers, develop new business models based on the value of information and data, and become more competitive by using technology to be more nimble and wring out excess operating costs. Cognizant is a trusted partner in navigating this shift -- helping clients architect, build and scale digital capabilities enterprisewide. Clients seek to team with us to drive innovation and create products, services and customer experiences that connect the physical and virtual worlds. Toward that end, we continue to invest in critical business and technology capabilities to further increase our value to clients and shareholders.

A ST TRON NG PAR RTNER FOR DIG GIT TAL L ENTE ERPR RIS SE S
Digital is now the lifeblood of our clients' business -- and our own. We see global demand being shaped by the shift from traditional physical value chains to more agile value chains that rely on data and modern IT capabilities. This is creating substantial market opportunities for us.

Digital Transformation at Scale We have developed capabilities to help clients drive business change across their operations and inform their go-to-market activities. Our Cognizant Digital WorksTM business is central to this effort. Digital Works offers

ORGA ANIZA ATI IONS MU UST MAKE THE LEAP FROM M DOING DIGITA AL TO O HE RAPID DLY Y-C CHANGING DEMA TO MEET TH DEVELO OP NEW W BU USINE ESS MODEL LS, AN ND BE ECOME MO ORE CO OMPE E TO BE MORE NIMB BLE AND WRIN NG OUT T EXC CESS O

technologies, methods, dedicated creative spaces, a fresh mindset and an integrated team to help clients rapidly build, pilot and scale enterprise-level digital initiatives. Today, we are driving change in such industries as financial services, healthcare, travel & hospitality, retail, manufacturing and logistics.

Next-Generation IT Services We are extending our IT services to help clients create a next-generation technology infrastructure to satisfy their dual mandates. This allows them to achieve high levels of operational efficiency while becoming effective digital businesses. Our services help clients realize higher levels of automation, and convert core IT activities into managed services that drive innovation and reduce operational costs. We also assist them in modernizing legacy systems and creating core platforms, processes and infrastructure that support digital business across the extended enterprise and deliver higher levels of performance. Platform-Based Solutions Increasingly, we offer platform-based solutions that help clients reach new levels of efficiency and effectiveness, while enhancing their ability to innovate and accelerate the shift to digital. With platform solutions, clients can turn over

entire processes or sub-processes to us to own and operate, on either an output- or outcomebased model. These platforms offer variable cost structures and speed time-to-value by enabling clients to quickly achieve best-inclass performance. Analytics embedded in the platforms provide critical, real-time, actionable insights. We have delivered platform solutions to our top clients across many industry sectors, and expect to see continued growth in this business over the short and long term.

ENVISIONI ING G THE DIGITA AL FUTURE
A key element in accelerating our clients' transformation is our consulting expertise. Cognizant Business Consulting works in concert with our other teams, particularly Digital Works and Business Process Services, to help clients envision and execute the digital shift. Many client engagements are consulting-

BEIN NG DIG GITAL L ANDS S OF F CUSTO OMER RS, ETITIV VE BY USIN NG TE ECHNOLOG GY OPER RATING G COS STS

CONV VERT TIN NG DIGITA AL PROM MISE E IN NTO REALIT TY
At Cognizant, we are well positioned to help clients navigate the digital shift and steer a course toward new horizons of opportunity. We have a proven ability to guide clients through technologyenabled business transformation, plus a deep understanding of what organizations across industries and the globe need to thrive in today's new business world. We are committed to investing in expanded capabilities and solutions. And, we have a team of talented people with exceptional industry, technology and process expertise and a passion for enabling our clients' success as we help them envision and build a bright digital future. Sincerely,

led, bringing together precision strategic thinking, broad technology acumen and deep industry knowledge to speed our clients' digital journeys.

DRIV VING PE ERFO ORMA ANCE E& SHAR REHO OLDE ER VA ALUE
Cognizant's ability to align with clients' changing needs continues to drive profitable growth and enhance shareholder value. Our 21% increase in revenue and a 13% rise in net income for 2015 reflected solid performance across all business segments, our expanded service offerings, and the full-year contribution from our November 2014 acquisition of TriZetto, among other factors. We ended the year with nearly $5 billion in cash and short-term investments, and have deployed our capital to invest in growth while also returning value to shareholders via our stock buyback program.

Francisco D'Souza Chief Executive Officer
We invite you to visit Cognizant.com/investors for more information on our performance and how we are helping clients navigate the shift to the new digital era.

