Dear Shareholders,
It's been said you should never allow the facts to get in the way of a good story. Our story, however, only seems to get better when we let the data do the talking. The facts give a compelling account of Covanta's exceptional performance and promising future. They also make a powerful argument for the value of what we do­producing clean, renewable energy from what our society throws away.  By making energy-from-waste, we provide our municipal clients­ more than 30 across the United States and a growing number in other promising markets around the world­a cost-effective, environmentally beneficial alternative to the traditional method of municipal waste disposal: burying it in a landfill.

At Covanta, we produce clean, renewable energy from what society throws away.
Demand for our expertise is growing rapidly for a number of important reasons. First, as populations in major metropolitan areas expand and older landfills close, new "mega landfills"­most of which comprise hundreds of acres­are being located in rural communities further and further away from cities. As a result, millions of tons of waste are now being trucked hundreds of miles to these rural landfills. This, in turn, is driving up the economic and environmental cost of waste disposal. 

meeting a growing need
Second, the need for energy to power our busy lives is steadily increasing. As energy demand grows, the price for the world's limited fossil fuel is rising with it. Add in the environmental costs of using fossil fuels like coal or imported oil to produce that energy, and Covanta's role in renewable electricity production becomes even more important.  But we expect another significant change to become a major driver of our growth. This is the emergence of a worldwide consensus on global warming, together with the resulting pressure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and break society's dependence on fossil fuel. And this challenge will present substantial opportunities for those, like Covanta, who are part of the solution.  As demand for our technologies and services grows, the value we create expands with it: for the communities we serve, for the countries where we operate, and for the planet we live on. So too does the value we deliver to our shareholders. We are pleased to report that, based on total shareholder return and virtually every measure that matters in our business, 2006 was a very good year for Covanta.

Covanta is an internationally recognized owner and operator of energy-from-waste and powergeneration projects. Our state-of-the-art facilities convert municipal solid waste into renewable energy for communities in the United States and around the world.

5

We again generated strong and steady cash flow, the engine which allowed us to continue paying down debt at all levels and invest in growth opportunities in both our domestic and international businesses. And, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.72­a 57% increase over 2005. 

strengthening our ability to grow
Building on our strong performance in 2006, we positioned the company for long-term growth by recapitalizing the Company's balance sheet. As part of this initiative, completed in early February of 2007, we issued 6 million shares of our common stock and $374 million in convertible debentures in public offerings. We also reduced and refinanced our corporate and intermediate debt and greatly simplified our capital structure. In the process, we dramatically cut our interest expense and expanded our flexibility to invest in the growth of our business.  Both our strong performance and future potential were reflected in the value of Covanta's stock, which climbed nearly 50% in 2006. This speaks volumes about our attractive business fundamentals and the faith financial markets have in Covanta.  As we see it, all this points to one thing: Covanta is only just beginning to hit its stride.The facts speak for themselves: fact: Last year alone, Covanta-operated facilities converted more than 15-million tons of trash into 8-million megawatt-hours of electricity and 10-billion pounds of steam sold to a variety of industries. The amount of waste we handled would fill a line of garbage trucks stretching from New York City to Los Angeles and back again... then back once more to L.A.! 

Covanta's facilities produce enough electricity to power all the households in a city the size of Philadelphia.
fact: Worldwide, proven energy-from-waste technologies safely dispose of 140-million tons of waste per year. That's enough trash to cover the island of Manhattan 20-feet deep.

6

15 Trillion kWh

2003

Growing Population
POWER HUNGRY WORLD

Electricity Consumption Doubling

2030

30 Trillion kWh
7

OF TRASH GETS BURIED IN LANDFILLS

90%

Wasting Today's Renewable Fuel
THE U.S. BURIES ITS TRASH

Causing Tomorrow's Greenhouse Gas

JUST

10% OF TRASH

IS CONVERTED TO ENERGY

8

fact: Burying waste in a landfill continues to be the most common method of disposal in many countries­including the United States, United Kingdom and China. According to a study by Biocycle and the Earth Engineering Center of Columbia University, the United States alone buries 250-million tons of waste in landfills each year. fact: For many, many years after waste is buried, landfills continue to emit one of the most harmful greenhouse gases­methane. As a greenhouse gas, methane is much more potent than carbon dioxide.

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says landfills are the largest source of man-made methane, a greenhouse gas that is 21times more potent than carbon dioxide.
fact: Many environmental agencies and advocacy groups prefer energyfrom-waste over landfills as a disposal option. For example:  In April 1999, the European Union issued a directive intended to reduce global warming that requires a 65% reduction in landfilling biodegradable municipal solid waste.  In December 2006, the Environmental Protection Agency updated its Solid Waste Management Hierarchy, which now puts waste combustion with energy recovery ahead of landfills in terms of the solutions it recommends.  In February 2007, the Global Roundtable on Climate Change issued its sustainability statement which included this recommendation: "Efforts to reduce global emissions of methane from landfills should be expanded, including increased use of waste-to-energy facilities where appropriate and cost effective." fact: Covanta energy-from-waste facilities work harmoniously with recycling. According to the Integrated Waste Services Association, communities with energy-from-waste facilities have a recycling rate of 33%. For those that don't, the rate is 28%. fact: Covanta energy-from-waste facilities recover and recycle 1,000 tons of metal every day­enough to build 275,000 new hybrid cars a year.

9

Western Europe 30% Energy-from-Waste

United States 10% Energy-from-Waste

Generating Energy-from-Waste
ENVIRONMENTALLY ADVANCED

Western Europe Leads

10

As these and the other compelling data points you'll find in the pages of this report attest, the time has never been more right for Covanta. The need for what we do is accelerating around the world, and we bring a depth and breadth of experience and expertise to energy-from-waste solutions that few, if any, companies can match.

We bring a depth and breadth of experience and expertise to energyfrom-waste solutions that few, if any, companies can match.
For more than 20 years, we have been producing clean, efficient energyfrom-waste. During that time, we have successfully designed and built 20 facilities, and acquired and integrated 12 others. What's more, we operate 10 different technologies­virtually every proven energy-from-waste system in the world. 

a lasting solution for a pressing need
We further strengthen our credentials by employing some of our industry's top experts in environmental engineering, combustion control, plant maintenance and every other discipline required to optimize performance of our facilities. Our senior management team averages more than 20 years of energy and waste industry experience. Our plant managers average 16 years of energy-from-waste experience.  This last point speaks not just to the stability of our leadership team and work force, but also about the stability of our business. Our plants are built to last.We estimate they can run continuously for 50 years or more. As a result, Covanta becomes a long-standing member of every community we serve. For our clients, this results in cost-competitive waste disposal and a safe, enduring solution to a pressing need. For Covanta, our long-term contracts lead to a steady business with a very predictable revenue stream.  Steady-as-she-goes predictability may not sound exciting. But as a launch pad for growth, nothing could be more exhilarating. Our growth is driven by our world-class know-how, exceptional track record with the communities we serve and our proven success at integrating newly acquired companies.

11

Fossil Fuel 71%

U.S. Electricity Generation
STRIKING DEPENDENCE UPON FOSSIL FUELS

Renewable Must Grow

Renewable 2%
(Excluding Hydro)

12

In addition to maximizing the value of and expanding capacity in our existing plants, we plan to grow by acquiring and building new facilities in high-density markets in both the U.S. and in select international markets, primarily in Europe and Asia.

taking the initiative worldwide
Samuel Zell
Chairman of the Board of Directors

Anthony J. Orlando
President & Chief Executive Officer

In particular, we see significant opportunity in the United Kingdom, where we opened a development office last year. A European Union directive requires a 65% reduction in the amount of biodegradable municipal solid waste in landfills by the year 2020. To meet that requirement, the U.K. estimates it will need to triple its energy-from-waste capabilities. The need is there, and so is Covanta.  We also see growth opportunity in China, where 160 cities have populations of one million or more.The Chinese government, in its effort to come to grips with about 280-million tons of municipal solid waste a year, is pushing to increase energy-from-waste capacity from less than 2% of total disposal today to 30% by 2030.  In February 2007, we signed an agreement to purchase a 40% stake in a Chinese company that shares our enthusiasm for environmentally responsible waste disposal and clean renewable energy. That company, Chongqing Sanfeng Environmental, has built and now operates two modern energy-from-waste facilities. They also share our commitment to grow the business in China by providing world-class service for municipal clients. 

we see exciting days ahead
As productive and exciting as 2006 was for all of us at Covanta, the months and years ahead should be even more so. We've strengthened our balance sheet, sharpened our focus on growth and begun to better articulate the value we deliver to our clients, our shareholders... and to our planet. All this is part of our ongoing effort to make Covanta an even stronger company tomorrow than it is today.  We wish to thank all of our clients and partners for their trust and support. We especially wish to thank our 3,300 Covanta employees around the world. Their belief in our business, together with their contributions to it, are what breathe life into our goals and make our highest aspirations possible. Their great work, exceptional stewardship and dedication to the future of Covanta will continue to deliver value to our clients and wealth to our shareholders.
13

