Dear Fellow Shareholder,
2016 was a year of substantial progress in positioning Covanta for meaningful long-term growth. We are the market leader in Energy from Waste (EfW) with an unmatched operational team and a fleet of critical infrastructure assets. This exceptional platform enables us to provide sustainable waste solutions to our customers and to generate value for our shareholders.
Driving Shareholder Value
Our goal as Covanta’s managers is to drive shareholder value by optimizing the earnings of our existing fleet while investing capital at attractive returns. In this time of muted commodity prices, we are focused on identifying opportunities within each of our revenue streams and cost areas. We continue our commitment to grow the company organically with a target of three to five percent annual Adjusted EBITDA growth inclusive of inflation. Any market price changes for metals and power would be supplemental to our target.
Waste Markets
Waste supply is the backbone of EfW plant operations, and our long-term client contracts are critical in assuring consistent operations. During 2016, we extended waste contracts with two key clients at our Indianapolis and Huntsville facilities, respectively, and in February 2017 we extended the contract at our SECONN facility. We will continue to foster strong client relationships and work toward mutually attractive client renewals in 2017.
Our plants represent irreplaceable waste infrastructure and are strategically located to provide waste disposal options for major urban areas. They are among the closest disposal options for major metro markets like: Boston; New York City; Philadelphia; and Washington, DC. As we see improvements in the economy coupled with constraints in new landfill capacity near these major markets, we anticipate a stronger pricing environment. While our near-term exposure to this opportunity is modest, these variables drive profitability over the long-term.
Covanta Environmental Solutions
Nevertheless, we are not content to rely on the market to drive realized prices; our team is focused on growing volumes of higher-value profiled waste processed in our EfW facilities, and we achieved another year of record revenues in this arena in 2016. We expect to grow this revenue stream by an additional 10 percent in 2017 through geographic expansion and by identifying new sources of waste. Originally this business provided assured destruction of confidential documents and processing of expired and other goods. The breadth of services has expanded dramatically and we are now a key partner to many companies that maintain zero landfill goals. Another initiative in high-value profiled waste is to increase the volume of regulated medical waste destruction at two of our facilities. There are limited alternative disposal options for regulated medical waste and we hope to extend this capability to more of our portfolio.
A core component of our Covanta Environmental Solutions business strategy has been to expand our platform through a series of acquisitions to provide additional waste processing, recycling, transportation alternatives, along with on-site environmental services, in order to grow profitable revenue and drive internalization of additional profiled waste to our EfW facilities. We added two new material processing facilities in 2016, and another in early 2017. Growth in this business is focused on organic sales, as well as on service line diversification, as we leverage our talented sales team.
Metals Recovery Developments
While ostensibly a byproduct of the EfW process, metals recovery has become an increasingly attractive revenue center. Historically we focused on investments to increase ferrous and non-ferrous recovery, while our more recent efforts target profit maximization. In 2016, we completed our first full-year of ferrous processing at our centralized processing facility in Eastern Pennsylvania, and we are very pleased with its performance. The facility, which processed upwards of 30 percent of our fleetwide recovered ferrous, enabled us to opportunistically bulk

ship higher-quality product domestically and overseas, and allowed greater flexibility in the timing of sales. We are looking to duplicate this effort in other regions and, building on this, we are adding centralized processing capabilities to this site for non-ferrous metals in early 2017. Nearly 70 percent of fleetwide non-ferrous metal will be processed here and we anticipate realized pricing nearly double that of unprocessed material. On both the ferrous and non-ferrous sides these investments provide attractive financial returns and highlight the creativity of our team in finding opportunities to drive growth.
Ash Processing Technology Development
Another organic growth initiative on the horizon is our total ash processing program. Our EfW process reduces waste volume by nearly 90 percent, but we still have residual ash disposal costs of approximately $90 million annually. We have identified a technology that we believe can process as much as 70 percent of this ash for beneficial reuse, as well as recover additional high-value metals. The net benefit of our investment in deploying this technology would be an attractive return based on reduced disposal costs, modest incremental revenues and a further improvement to our already strong environmental profile. We plan to develop the first of these units later this year, and estimate it will handle nearly 10 percent of the ash produced by our fleet. If we meet expectations, we may build several more units over time.
Continuous Improvement
Supplementing our efforts on the top line, we also made substantial progress on our Continuous Improvement program utilizing Lean and Six Sigma methodologies. Investors often perceive Continuous Improvement primarily as a cost reduction tool, but our broad-based program focuses on areas like stable operations, outage optimization and reagent reduction, all of which impact revenues, plant operations and costs. In 2016, the program’s first full year, we recognized our targeted $10 million of savings, with benefits evident throughout the income statement. Going forward, we anticipate incremental investments in key personnel to support these initiatives.
Power Markets
The power markets remain challenging in the near-term, with an abundance of low-priced natural gas near the heart of our fleet weighing on power markets. Between 2017 and 2018 we have various legacy contracts that move to market, creating headwinds for the business. We have discussed these contract expirations in the past and continue to actively hedge our exposure to mitigate short-term volatility. We can’t control the price of power, but we can and will look for ways to increase the net realized prices. We have several initiatives underway to either sell steam, rather than power, or sell locally, rather than wholesale, in order to drive better net pricing.
New Project Development
Large-scale new investment opportunities are limited in the U.S., but we see fertile markets overseas. The Dublin project is now over 90 percent complete and scheduled for full operations by the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2017. Aggregate spend on the project remains in the original budget range and we look forward to strong financial returns, and a long and valuable relationship with an important new client community.
We will look to build on our success in Dublin, and have an active effort to develop new facilities in the United Kingdom. Like Ireland, the United Kingdom adheres to the European Union’s Landfill Directive, which prioritizes waste recycling and EfW ahead of landfills. This results in substantially higher tip fees compared to what we can garner domestically. Our current market strategy envisions partnering with local waste companies that would provide waste to our facilities. The initial response has been strong and developments will build on previous efforts to permit new facilities and make the best use of our world-class operating capabilities. While we seek to grow our capacity, any project commitments will be subject to rigorous return analysis.

Capital Allocation
In 2014, we increased our annual dividend to $1.00 per share, after our team extensively analyzed our Free Cash Flow to ensure that we could maintain the dividend at this rate irrespective of commodity market prices. Nothing has changed in that regard, and this past December we recommitted to the dividend at its current level. As our growth initiatives drive incremental Free Cash Flow, we will prudently allocate this capital to both reduce debt, which will also accrue value to shareholders, and to enable dividend increases over time. We remain focused on the areas of the business that are in our control and view any commodity tailwinds as opportunities to decrease leverage and potentially invest in accretive projects.
Conclusion
We are pleased with our performance in 2016 and excited about our opportunities in the future. This success could not have been achieved without our dedicated employees who continue to impress us with their innovation, dedication and hard work.
Sincerely,
Samuel Zell Stephen J. Jones
Chairman of the Board of Directors President & Chief Executive Officer
   