COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION—2013 ANNUAL REPORT
Letter from the CEO & Chairman
TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
As we reflect on 2013, we recognize a year of notable accomplish- ments and significant undertakings which position Covanta well for the future. Throughout the year, we invested time, resources and capital to optimize our facilities, develop our people, enhance our technology and expand our infrastructure, all with a focus
on serving our customers and their desire to move away from landfills. In addition to these growth investments, we returned approximately $120 million to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases.
At Covanta we take great pride in the quality and longevity of our client relationships. The strength of these relationships is a reflection of our team’s dedication to provide great service and competitive prices. During 2013, we again renewed numerous contracts, contributing to a running renewal record of 30 out of
32 primary waste customers over the past five years. We’re pleased so many customers view us as a trusted long-term partner, and
we strive everyday for continuous improvement to maintain that trust. One example is our recently launched “bundled services”
in sustainability, a program that was created in direct response
to customer interest. By contracting with a number of strategic partners we provide “one-stop shopping” such that Covanta now manages the recycling, composting, e-waste and sustainable waste disposal needs of more than 35 communities in Connecticut and Massachusetts.
Last year, we realized a number of new business initiatives, most notably, entering the 20-year waste disposal agreement with New York City—the largest contract in our history. Covanta will
transport approximately 800,000 tons of waste each year for the City, via barge and rail, from marine transfer stations in Queens and Manhattan to two of our facilities, where we will convert it into clean, renewable energy. New York City is a recognized leader in sustainable waste management practices, and we are very pleased Covanta was selected as a partner to help achieve the City’s goal of diverting 75% of its waste from landfills.
We continued to expand our special waste service offerings and sales force last year. As a result, our 2013 special waste reve- nue grew 16% to $65 million, and our client base now includes a number of major auto brands such as Subaru, GM, Chrysler, Toyota and Honda, as well as many industrial and consumer goods com- panies such as Mary Kay Cosmetics and Sunny Delight, among others. Our special waste service provides assured destruction, allowing clients to manage risk more effectively by guaranteeing that their confidential documents, recalled products and other sensitive materials are fully eradicated. With an increasing number of companies focused on achieving their own sustainability goals, we are growing this line of business by offering a clean, environ- mentally superior alternative to burying waste in a landfill. Many of our clients have achieved “zero landfill” status with enhanced recycling programs and the help of our Energy-from-Waste service.
We also had a strong year expanding our own recycling efforts. We invested a total of $37 million to install over 20 new or upgraded metal recovery systems, culminating in a total $52 million investment in this infrastructure over the past two years. We are definitely seeing the fruits of our labor as we finished 2013 with a run rate of
 Employee operating crane to manage waste flow to boilers. Queens marine transfer station related to the New York City contract. Employee monitoring energy production in the control room.
   
1,000,000 lbs
Our Rx4SafetyTM program processed its one-millionth pound of unwanted prescription medication.
30/32
Successfully renewed 30 out of 32 contracts over the past five years.
2,300,000 tons
Signed contracts for the disposal of 2.3 million annual tons of waste, including approximately 800,000 tons from a 20-year contract with New York City.
P3
   “New York City is a recognized leader in sustainable waste management practices, and we are very pleased Covanta was selected as a partner to help achieve the City’s goal of diverting 75% of its waste from landfills.”
340,000 net tons of ferrous and 24,000 net tons of non-ferrous metal. Based on 2014 estimated market prices, our year-end run rate represents a 4X Adjusted EBITDA multiple on our investment. We still see room for further growth as we plan to invest another $10 million to $15 million in additional recovery systems this year. In addition, this past November our joint venture to mine ash monofills completed construction of its first metal-recovery system at our ash monofill in Peabody, Massachusetts. It is too early to know the full potential for this joint venture, but as we complete the start-up of the new system and pursue development opportuni- ties to build additional systems, early indications give us reason to be optimistic.
During the year, we also had several noteworthy environmental achievements.
First, we reached an important milestone in our nationally recognized Prescription for Safety Program (Rx4SafetyTM) as we processed our one-millionth pound of unwanted prescription medi- cation. Through this program, we’ve collaborated with local and state police, as well as the Drug Enforcement Agency, to keep
unused and expired prescription drugs out of the hands of our nation’s youth and out of our drinking water.
Second, our electronic waste disposal business continued to grow in 2013. Last year we tripled the quantity of e-waste we recy- cled to six million pounds, and in April, we received our e-Stew- ards® Recycler certification.
Third, in partnership with Clean Energy Fuels Corp., we marked the opening of our first compressed natural gas fueling station
at our Essex facility, supporting customer demand to convert collection fleets from diesel to cleaner and more economical natural gas fuel.
Finally, we entered a partnership to develop an organics recycling project in Connecticut. Our partner will build, own and operate the anaerobic digestion facility, which will generate compost and renew- able energy. Covanta will work with our municipal and commercial clients to arrange for organic waste to be delivered to the facility.
We also added to our portfolio of assets in 2013. In August, we completed the acquisition of the 1,050 ton-per-day Camden, New Jersey Energy-from-Waste facility, and at the end of the year we acquired transfer stations in Totowa and Paterson, New Jersey
 Camden, NJ Ef W facility acquired in 2013. Employee working on liquid waste injection system. Metal recovery system at our ash monofill in Peabody, MA.
   
COVANTA HOLDING CORPORATION—2013 ANNUAL REPORT
“Our ability to invest in the business while also paying a meaningful dividend is a testament to the stability of our business and the strength of our free cash flow.”
  to expand our customer reach. In total during 2013, we invested $162 million in growth investments and acquisitions.
Going forward, we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders through our dividend, which we hope to continue to grow over time. We also plan to proactively increase our scheduled maintenance programs to continue providing our customers with long-term predictable performance and best-in-class service. Our ability to invest in the business while also paying a meaningful divi- dend is a testament to the stability of our business and the strength of our free cash flow.
We see a number of exciting things on the horizon. We expect to complete the construction of the Durham York Energy Centre late in 2014. This state-of-the-art facility will be a North American showpiece for the role Energy-from-Waste plays in sustainable waste management and reliable renewable energy. The facility will process 140,000 tonnes annually and produce enough energy to power 10,000 homes. In addition, we’ve started taking delivery
of the equipment needed to ship waste from New York’s marine transfer station, and we’re now less than a year away from seeing a decade of planning become reality.
As the Energy-from-Waste industry leader with the best team in the business, irreplaceable infrastructure and long-standing client relationships, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the growing aspiration of municipalities and businesses to reduce their dependence on landfills. By responding to the demand for sustain- able solutions and doing what we do best—operating our facilities to the highest standards and relentlessly pursuing continuous improvement, innovation and organic growth—we expect to gener- ate strong free cash flow and create value for our shareholders.
Samuel Zell
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Anthony J. Orlando
President & Chief Executive Officer
   Employee monitoring operating performance of the equipment. New steam line at the Niagara EfW facility. Employee inspecting electronic waste.
   