 “The purchase of First Health transforms Coventry from a regional managed care company into a national player with a full scope of services to address the needs of virtually any customer.”
LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
By almost any measure, 2004 was an outstanding year for Coventry Health Care. Total revenues grew 17 percent to $5.3 billion while diluted earnings per share grew 35 percent to $3.72. We improved on our already outstanding customer service by answering the phones faster, paying claims faster, and using technology to allow customers easier access to information. In October, we completed our acquisition of OmniCare Health Plan Inc., a Michigan Medicaid plan, and have fully inte- grated it into Coventry’s operations.
The year’s most notable development, of course, was the First Health acquisition. This acquisition gives us the oppor- tunity to transform Coventry from a regional managed care company into a national health benefits provider with a full scope of services able to address the needs of virtually any customer.
First Health is comprised of five distinct, fee-based businesses of which four are built on a national PPO network of over 4,300 hospitals and 450,000 physicians and other ancillary providers. This proprietary, direct-contracted network provides the foundation on which we will improve and grow the First Health businesses. While the First Health businesses are today profitable, growth has been a challenge. The key to future profitable growth lies in improving the provider network and managing internal costs better in order to offer more competitive products to existing and potential customers. The core skills needed to run and improve the First Health businesses are ones we exercise everyday in our health plans: timely, accurate claims payment; broad product design; disciplined underwriting; high-quality, low-cost service; innovative provider contracting; and strong financial controls. As we have successfully done in our 14 prior acquisitions, we will centralize certain functions to achieve cost synergies and gain functional expertise.
4
 
  reaching
new heights
I am excited about the new growth opportunities that lie ahead for our company. In particular, we will use the First Health national network as a means to build health plans in new markets where we can leverage First Health’s provider contracts to build attractive and competitive product offerings. We will open up at least three new markets in 2005 with more to follow in 2006. We see additional opportunities in Medicare as we will expand our product offerings to three new markets in 2005. In addition, we will participate in the Medicare Part D Pharmacy program, both in our local health plans and as a regional provider starting in January 2006. We will continue to grow the company through selective acquisitions. The addition of First Health allows us to explore acquisition opportunities in those business sectors in addition to the health plan acquisitions we have done heretofore. Although we will not be completing any new acquisitions during 2005 as we focus on integrating First Health, we are staying current on developments and opportunities in the marketplace.
We will continue to run our business in the manner we always have. Ethically. With financial discipline. With a passion for excellence. Focused on our customers. Managing for the long term. Building value for our shareholders.
I would like to thank all of Coventry’s 4,450 health plan employees for a job well done in 2004, and welcome our 5,830 new employees in the First Health businesses as we set our sights on profitable growth for 2005 and beyond. I believe that our future success depends upon the focus and discipline of those who execute our plans every day. Together, we will achieve still more success in the years to come.
Dale B. Wolf
Chief Executive Officer
  5
 