                  letter to
our Shareholders
a t coventry, our goal is straightforward: to ensure that every person and organization we serve receives the greatest possible value for their investment in health care. this goal shaped every step we took in 2007. We found smarter ways to operate. We encour- aged our people to push to the next level, empowered them to make decisions, and gave them the tools to execute. When we entered a
new market or launched a new product in 2007, we intended to win.
But fundamentally, our business is about helping people. our job is to bring together members, employers, and providers, make available the best possible information, and together devise solutions that help people enjoy optimal health. that is the key to our success, and that is what our 2007 results demonstrate.
a record-Setting Year
coventry is a company on the move. We bring attractive products and attentive service to business groups of all sizes. enrollment in the small group segment grew 6 percent organically in 2007. at the same time, membership in our individual plans more than doubled, an important milestone considering the growing
number of uninsured in our country.
in addition, we successfully launched a medicare advantage private Fee-for-
Service business, adding 166,000 members. our medicare part d prescription drug program enjoyed a second outstanding year, with more than 700,000 members now enrolled. We also grew our network-based medicare products, achieving more than 10 percent organic member-
ship growth and further expanding our footprint.
We also took a number of steps to strengthen and grow our com-
pany. We made four acquisitions that impacted all lines of
Dale B. Wolf, Chief Executive Officer
   coventry health care | page 2
 
4,673,00
more than 4.6 million cuStomerS acroSS all 50 StateS
 business, from medicaid to workers’ compensation, where we are the national leader. We also took advantage of our improved credit rating to refinance our debt at terms that are more favorable. this transaction not only reinforces our organizational stability but also gives us additional flexibility to meet our customers’ needs.
there were, however, areas where we fell short of the mark. retention efforts for some of our large groups did not produce the renewal business we would have liked. as a result, we are re-examining these programs to make sure they are fully respon- sive to large group needs. We are also redoubling our efforts to serve more medicaid members, an area of our business that saw no organic growth dur- ing 2007. We believe that additional states will ben- efit from our expertise in improving the health of state recipients while lowering public expenditures.
in 1998, we had health plans in three mar- kets, serving 1.4 million members. at the end of 2007, we were a national company with more than 4.6 million members. our success in providing the products and services people want is directly reflected in our revenue growth. in 1998, our reve- nues were $2.1 billion. in 2007, they reached $9.9 billion, while our earnings also continued to increase.
a FaSt-changing landScape
there is no doubt that the challenge of making health care more widely affordable and accessible is growing dramatically in complexity and intensity. the agility and initiative that coventry has demon- strated again this year will be in high demand as we move forward.
a number of well-publicized factors contrib- ute to the urgent need for action. medical costs
continue to rise in excess of inflation as new high- tech diagnoses and treatments are introduced and the population ages. rising costs are driving employ- ers to shift payment responsibility to employees and retirees, either by dropping coverage or raising pre- miums. individuals now make more health payment decisions and share more of the costs.
Coventry has the expertise, the experience, the capability, and, most importantly, the agility
and drive to help craft the new products, the new processes, and the new services that are essential to delivering affordable health care.
But not all of these individuals are seeking insurance. there are currently 47 million uninsured, a population growing at an annual rate of 2.5 per- cent. at the same time, higher consumer out-of- pocket payments and the increase in the number of uninsured continues to aggravate the bad-debt prob- lem for providers.
high-tech care and an aging population are also behind the unprecedented spike in medicare and medicaid costs. medicare and medicaid costs are expected to surge from 4.8 percent of gdp in 2007 to 8.1 percent in 2020.
the next administration in Washington will inevitably tackle these issues, but the exact form their initiatives will take is unclear. at the very least, we can expect greater government intervention in
    Global Reports LLC
2007 Summary annual report | page 3
 0

$9.88 billion
2007 reVenue groWth oF 28% to nearlY $10 Billion
  2007 highlightS:
coventry moved forward decisively in each of our businesses in 2007, increasing our capacity to make affordable, accessible health care a reasonable option for more americans:
•   Continued to grow the small group business with consistent operat- ing margins.
•   Continued the development of new commercial markets in  Oklahoma, South Carolina, and Tennessee while announcing  a new market entry in Tampa.
•   More than doubled our individual membership to 93,000 by intro- ducing our Coventryone product in all our health plan markets.
•   Successfully launched a Medicare Advantage Private Fee-For-Service  business, expanding the program to more than 166,000 beneficiaries  across the country.
•   Achieved more than 10 percent membership growth in our network- based Medicare Advantage products, opening new markets, expanding  current geographies, and continuing to grow our network of doctors  and hospitals.
•   Positioned our Medicare Part D prescription drug business in all 50  states, introduced a low price-point product to help those beneficiaries with modest incomes, and grew membership to more than 700,000.
•   Accelerated momentum in our workers’ compensation business,  thanks to an acquisition that positioned us as the market leader.
•   Completed four acquisitions that impacted all lines of business,  strategically deploying more than $1.2 billion.
•   Placed $800 million of new senior notes and upsized and improved  our line of credit, producing savings that translate into lower premiums and even more efficient service.
•   Directly added to shareholder value by buying back 7.5 million shares  for nearly $430 million, our largest share repurchase program ever.
 Global Reports LLC
the marketplace, a greater variety of experimental approaches at the state level, and greater consumer involvement. in the case of the uninsured, this could
mean the state-driven expansions of medicaid as well as growth of individual product options.
the private sector has a role to play that is crucial to the success of these efforts. For instance, the states are increasingly turning to third parties to administer managed care for medicaid. to the extent that medicaid is expanded to cover the unin- sured, the expertise that the private plans bring to the table will be crucial. limiting the growth of the uninsured will depend on the private sector’s ability to design innovative plans that make health insurance affordable for small groups as well as individuals.
a relentleSS commitment to Value
Whatever solutions are devised, they are likely to involve public-private partnerships. coventry has the expertise, the experience, the capability, and, most importantly, the agility and drive to help craft the new products, the new processes, and the new services that are essential to delivering affordable health care.
as our results this year have shown, we have strengths in many areas—in employer group insur- ance, in medicare, and in individual insurance— that will be part of a health-care solution, regardless of the specific steps taken on the federal and state level. moreover, we have a deep commitment to maximizing the value of every dollar spent on health care. We understand this means more choices, lower costs, and more consistent, high-quality care.
how do we translate this commitment into action? at coventry, we focus intently on opera- tional excellence, constantly seeking ways to elimi- nate redundancy and streamline processes. our technology investments are a case in point. By con- solidating our health plan operations on a single it
coventry health care | page 4

 “as a company, the ability to fulfill our responsibility to share- holders rests squarely on our success in helping more people receive the most effective health care possible.”
Global Reports LLC
platform, we are reducing paperwork, accelerating claims processing, and managing the flow of infor- mation so that it reaches the people who need it— consumers, providers, and employers—when it is most useful. this is one way we deliver value.
We also have a deep understanding of local market dynamics. We know the markets we serve, and our immediate presence enables us to respond quickly and appropriately, crafting the right provider networks and the right product designs for each market. this is another way we deliver value.
Finally, we have great respect for the members of our team, for their integrity, ingenuity, and deter- mination to provide the best possible service to our customers. the mark of this respect is the business environment we have created. our employees are encouraged to reach across the organization and to do whatever is necessary to get the job done. this could mean working behind the scenes to coordinate the care of a member in an emergency. it could also mean responding nimbly to a marketplace need by intro- ducing new products like our medicare advantage programs and our medicare part d plans. ultimately, the value we offer resides in our people, who are empowered, but also held accountable for providing the highest standards of service, whether they are working with members, employers, or providers.
We will also add to our momentum in indi- vidual coverage by targeting new markets beyond our health plans. our ability to offer individual insurance throughout the country is a significant growth opportunity for coventry and allows us to deliver affordable health care coverage to many who need to make that purchase directly for themselves and their families. We are also pursuing a range of specialty products that complement our existing offerings including behavioral health, life, and den- tal insurance.
in our medicare business, we will continue to expand our network-based footprint by entering new markets—nebraska, illinois, utah, and new counties in georgia—and introducing new products building on our successful medicare advantage ini- tiatives. We expect to add 100,000 medicare advantage members and increase enrollment in medicare part d significantly.
this is an ambitious agenda, but it is one that we welcome. as a company, the ability to fulfill our responsibility to shareholders rests squarely on our success in helping more people receive the most effective health care possible. as our employees have demonstrated this year, we have the drive and the commitment to make it happen.
Sincerely,
dale B. Wolf
Chief Executive Officer
moVing ForWard conFidentlY
 although we were pleased with our performance in 2007, we are never satisfied. in our commercial business, our expansion into oklahoma, South carolina, and tennessee in 2007 gives us the ability to reach new customers. We will follow up in 2008 by entering several additional markets, including tampa and other logical market opportunities.
2007 Summary annual report | page 5
  