2 // COVENTRY HEALTH CARE
LETTER FROM THE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
A Winning Strategy
2006 was another year of delivering results you have come to expect from Coventry Health Care. We told you that we would be a profitable player in the Medicare Prescription Drug Program. We are. We said that we would continue to grow the business while maintaining our industry-leading margins. We did. We assured you that we would continue to operate our businesses with discipline, integrity, and superior execution. We always have and we always will.

COVENTRY HEALTH CARE // 3
 DALE B. WOLF
Chief Executive Officer
In addition to keeping our promises, 2006 was another year characterized by significant accomplishments both operationally and financially. We completed the integration of First Health Group with the expected synergies realized and operations functioning seamlessly. This represented the largest acquisition in Coventry’s history and I am very pleased with the way our team has been able to assimilate these assets.
The distribution arrangements that we implemented for our senior products were another significant operational achievement during 2006. These teaming initiatives between distribution partners, national retail chains, and our own Medicare-focused team were a key component of the results we delivered in the Medicare Prescription Drug Program (Medicare Part D).
From a financial perspective, 2006 represented another year of the reliable and consistent success you have come to expect from Coventry. Our revenues reached record levels of $7.7 billion while earnings contin- ued to grow. We strengthened our balance sheet and served over 4 million members at year-end. Finally, we topped the $1.0 billion mark in cash flow from operations and fully intend to strategically deploy our free cash in the best interests of our shareholders.
With the First Health Group integration complete and our other initiatives on track, in 2006 I announced a business realignment organizing the company into three operating units:
• Commercial Business Division
• Individual Consumer & Government Business Division • Specialty Business Division
This new structure serves to organize our businesses, regardless of their origin, to most effectively capitalize on growth opportunities. We have already realized benefits from this strategic realignment and expect strengthened positioning for our future endeavors.
    
 DISCIPLINE RELIABILITY PROFITABILITY
  4 // COVENTRY HEALTH CARE
  Commercial Division: The Cornerstone
The Commercial Business Division, comprised of the Health Plan group risk and ASO, National Accounts, Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP), and Network Rental businesses, has always represented the cornerstone of Coventry’s operations. This is the business that got us started and is one that continues to be a consistent and predictable performer today.
Building upon solid health plan roots, the Commercial Business Division has expanded dramatically to now offer national capabilities with a broad and diverse product portfolio. This division provides services to nearly 3 million customers in all 50 states offering both risk and non-risk products through our proprie- tary national network. We also increased our local market presence by entering the Oklahoma and South Carolina markets in 2006 with plans for additional local market expansion in 2007.
A key area of focus in this division is the small group business, which historically has been one of Coventry’s strengths. With employment growth among small groups occurring at rates as much as three times faster than the national average, this remains an attractive sector and a logical target for the Coventry sales teams. Leveraging our local market presence, low cost structure, and technology such as our BenefitExpress broker quoting tool designed specifically with the small group demographic in mind, this segment of the Commercial Division again grew impressively during 2006. We believe that local markets and local employers are best served by Coventry’s tried and true model of maintaining a strong local health plan presence. The Commercial Division also offers solutions to large employers on a full risk and self-funded basis. Across the board, in all group sizes, we deliver a strong value proposition.
As you may recall, Coventry has always prided itself on a “low cost wins” mantra. That hasn’t changed and is nowhere more evident than in this division. By continuing to relentlessly focus on the smallest details, we achieve industry-best SG&A levels. By maintaining steadfast discipline in pricing our products, we deliver consistently low medical cost ratios. Our local health plan presence allows us to create a highly competitive medical cost structure both in terms of unit costs and through the results of medical management efforts. Today, as always, Coventry’s low cost focus allows us to deliver industry-leading margins while still effectively competing for commercial business.

 WINNING THROUGH CONSISTENCY
The Commercial Business Division completed another solid year in 2006, generating strong top-line growth while maintaining the discipline to deliver impressive earnings. By developing new products and focusing on the most attractive market segments, this division will continue to produce the reliable and consistent results that you have come to expect.
$300 250 200 150 100
— TOM MCDONOUGH, President
PMPM SPREAD BETWEEN COMMERCIAL PREMIUMS AND MEDICAL COSTS*
$70 300 60 250
41
47
53
150 20 100
5032 000
’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06
$ Spread Revenue PMPM Med Costs PMPM
OPERATING WITH THE FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE THAT YOU’VE COME TO EXPECT, COVENTRY’S COMMERCIAL PRICE-TO-COST SPREAD HAS CONSISTENTLY EXPANDED.
*Data represents Health Plan commercial results Per Member Per Month (PMPM) for all group sizes.
50
58 40 30
200
COVENTRY HEALTH CARE // 5
10 50

 2006 MEDICARE PART D MEMBERS
687,000
  6 // COVENTRY HEALTH CARE
  Individual Consumer & Government Division: Growth, Growth, Growth
The Individual Consumer & Government Business Division is comprised of Individual commercial products and all Medicare and Medicaid products, with all three areas representing exceptional growth opportunities for Coventry. We made great strides in 2006 with the introduction of the Medicare Part D product and early indications point towards continued success in 2007 with our entrance into the Medicare Private-Fee-For-Service (PFFS) market. Our Medicaid business is well positioned and our more recently introduced Individual product has seen early success.
With the implementation of the Medicare Part D program in 2006, the managed care industry was presented with an unprecedented opportunity. We approached the opportunity methodically and prudently by leveraging Coventry’s collective company assets including our competitive pharmacy cost structure, underwriting capabilities, and experience providing pharmacy management services in State programs. Furthermore, we employed an approach that minimized spending your money on upfront investments, ultimately rewarding share- holders with the creation of the 6th largest national presence with 687,000 members at year-end and total revenue exceeding $650 million. More importantly, we targeted a 5% operating margin on this new business and ended the year right on track.
As we looked towards 2007, we made the decision to expand our Medicare Advantage footprint both geographically and to new products. Coventry introduced a Medicare PFFS product, Advantra Freedom, in 75% of the counties in the United States. Leveraging our Part D experiences, we employed a similar approach in the underwriting of the PFFS product and in the development of robust independent distribution partnerships cou- pled with our internal group retiree sales force. We are pleased with our product positioning and the early success of our distribution approaches. Through the month of January alone, enrollment had already exceeded our initial expectations for the entire year. We expect this seized opportunity to produce more than $900 million of “new” rev- enue to Coventry this year and we will keep you updated on the progress of this new product line throughout 2007.
But this isn’t just a Medicare division—our Medicaid operations will produce over $1 billion of revenue in 2007. We continue to focus on growing this business both organically through leveraging our government relationships and through acquisitions.
We also expanded our footprint in the Individual business, the fastest growing segment of today’s health insurance industry, by adding this product capability to nearly all of our health plan markets. By the end of 2006, we were able to enroll 23,000 members. Our expectation to double the Individual business in 2007 is a perfect exam- ple of the multiple ways that Coventry can seize growth opportunities that “move the needle.”

 Consumer & Government embership
INDIVIDUAL CONSUMER & GOVERNMENT DIVISION MEMBERSHIP
WINNING THROUGH GROWTH
2006 marked a transformative year for the Individual Consumer & Government Business Division. Our entry into Medicare Part D was a success by any measure while the products we developed for the Medicare PFFS market have proven to be exceptionally well-received. This unprecedented expansion increases the breadth of our relationships and continues to improve our strategic positioning in the marketplace. We are already preparing for new opportunities in 2008 and 2009. — FRAN SOISTMAN, Executive Vice President
Medicaid
’02 ’03 ’04
Medicare Advantage
’05 ’06 Medicare Part D
Individual
357,000 389,000
466,000 468,000
AGGRESSIVELY PURSUING NEW OPPORTUNITIES, WE HAVE BEEN ABLE TO GENERATE IMPRESSIVE MEMBERSHIP GROWTH AND WILL CONTINUE TO DO SO WITH AN EYE TO THE FUTURE.
1,163,000
1200000
1000000
800000
600000
400000
200000
0
COVENTRY HEALTH CARE // 7

 MARKET LEADER IN WORKERS’ COMPENSATION MANAGED CARE SERVICES
  8 // COVENTRY HEALTH CARE
  Specialty Division: An Avenue for Expansion
The Specialty Business Division today consists of our workers’ compensation services business, combining assets acquired in the First Health transaction with the recently completed acquisition of the Concentra workers’ compensation managed care services businesses. Over time, our intention with this divi- sion is to expand into other logical businesses related to the broad universe of financing and administering health care.
Coventry’s workers’ compensation services business is a market leader in providing managed care services to workers’ compensation customers and is expected to prospectively generate well over $500 mil- lion in annualized fee-based revenue. We are not an underwriter or risk assumer of workers’ compensation insurance. Instead, we provide managed care services to workers’ compensation carriers, third party admin- istrators and self-insured programs. Given the combination of the previous First Health products and those acquired from Concentra, we now offer a compelling value proposition to customers with expanded man- aged care capabilities including:
• National Workers’ Compensation Network • Bill review
• Pharmacy benefits management
• Telephonic case management
• Field case management
• Medicare set-aside
• Independent medical exams
As the portion of workers’ compensation claims attributable to medical costs continues to rise, our customers look to Coventry for cost-containment and managed care solutions. We will continue to combine the workers’ compensation experience of the historical First Health and Concentra business with Coventry’s managed care focus to provide a unique value proposition to our current and future customers.

 WINNING THROUGH EXPANSION
The workers’ compensation services industry presents a unique market opportunity to deliver value through
Coventry’s integrated product offering. We look forward to providing a full spectrum of workers’ compensa- tion managed care services to our customers while firmly establishing ourselves as the clear-cut market leader in this attractive fee-based segment of the industry.
— JIM MCGARRY, President of Workers’ Compensation Services
1983
Indemnity 56%
Medical 44%
1993
Indemnity 51%
Medical 49%
2005
Indemnity Medical 43% 57%
AS THE MEDICAL COMPONENT OF WORKERS’ COM- PENSATION COSTS CONTINUES TO REPRESENT A LARGER SHARE OF TOTAL COSTS TO PAYERS, COVENTRY WILL BE A LOGICAL CHOICE TO DELIVER EFFECTIVE MANAGED CARE SOLUTIONS.
COVENTRY HEALTH CARE // 9

 INDUSTRY-LEADING 2006 OPERATING MARGIN
10.9%
  10 // COVENTRY HEALTH CARE
  Operational & Financial Excellence
All of these successes are made possible by the operational strength and solid financial discipline which have long been a hallmark of the Coventry story. We always maintain a focus on the member with our customer service operations performing exceptionally well in 2006 as claims inventories were down, technology metrics all trended impressively and cost structures remained at industry-leading levels. Our Medicare Part D implementation produced excellent customer satisfaction results and we have already seen more of the same as we begin to provide service to our new Medicare PFFS members.
Similar accomplishments were seen in Coventry’s continued financial growth, with five-year trends of:
• 21% average annual revenue growth;
• 19% average annual growth in members served; • 35% average annual increase in EPS.
While these statistics are impressive, they are made even more meaningful by the fact that we are growing the business with financial discipline. Medical expenses represent the single largest “cost of goods sold” component for our company and for our industry, yet these expenses have been controlled in all of Coventry’s lines of business with remarkable consistency. Our methodical approach to medical management is seen through the “every patient, every day” philosophy we apply in each of our divisions. With similar emphasis placed on managing SG&A costs, we have been able to consistently deliver the solid top-line and bottom-line results that you’ve come to expect.

 WINNING THROUGH DISCIPLINE
Operationally, we integrated the largest acquisition in our history and surpassed expectations for the most significant organic growth initiative in our history, Medicare Part D. Financially, we produced record earnings levels, grew revenues significantly, and generated outstanding cash flow all while maintaining the best operating margins in the industry. By nearly any measure, 2006 was an exceptional year for Coventry Health Care.
— SHAWN GUERTIN, Chief Financial Officer
COMMERCIAL MEDICAL COST PMPM*
4.3% 8.9% $193.37 $201.66
$152.12
’02 ’03
’04 ’05 ’06
8.2%
$179.21 $164.56
OUR DISCIPLINE AND ABILITY TO EXECUTE HAVE ALLOWED US TO MAINTAIN A CONSISTENT,CONTROLLED REALIZED MEDICAL COST TREND OF 7.3% OVER A FIVE-YEAR PERIOD.
*Data represents Health Plan commercial results for all group sizes.
7.3%
7.9%
COVENTRY HEALTH CARE // 11

12 // COVENTRY HEALTH CARE
COVENTRY HEALTH CARE, INC.
Specialty Division
          Commercial Individual
Division Consumer &
Government Division
A Vision for the Future
I could not be more pleased with how Coventry is currently positioned. Our capital structure is solid with over $400 million in free cash at year-end to deploy through a balance of strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Our core businesses continue to perform very well. Our diverse revenue streams remain a critical component of being adequately prepared for whatever the future of the managed care industry holds. We always operate with a vision for the future and have multiple growth levers available across our divisions.
In the Commercial Business Division, we are focused on doing the thousand little things that are critical to keep this business producing as it always has. This division generates the majority of the revenue and earnings for the company yet still offers multiple opportunities to create incremental growth. We will continue to capitalize on the small group risk market, the most profitable and fastest growing market segment where we have historically done quite well. We also have opportunities to leverage the national network by expanding into new geographies as we did in 2006 and as we have committed to do in 2007.
Our Individual Consumer & Government Business Division is fueling revenue and earnings growth for our company and continues to present attractive growth prospects for the future. Medicare Private-Fee-For-Service, our largest single initiative for 2007, is off to a fantastic start with more than 70,000 members enrolled as of January 1st. We are expecting organic membership growth of 5%–10% in our

Medicare Advantage HMO business with entrance into 21 new counties. Medicaid membership is also projected to increase organically as well as through the recent acquisition of approximately 30,000 members in the western Missouri region effective February 2007. The Individual market continues to be a success story for us as we have grown this business impressively with sales in our health plan markets. Every business in this division is not only growing in scale but also growing profitably.
The Specialty Business Division, today the smallest of the three, will grow significantly in 2007 with the successful completion of the Concentra workers’ compensation services businesses acquisition. By gaining the wide range of capabilities that the Concentra acquisition will provide, we have greatly improved the breadth of our offering to workers’ compensation customers. This transaction will serve to strengthen our strategic positioning as Coventry was already considered one of the market leaders in the provision of workers’ compensation managed care services. Beyond this business, we will continue to look for opportunities to further expand this division both in terms of management and new business prospects.
Given all of these growth opportunities, the future successes of Coventry will be determined by our ability to execute at the highest levels, just as we always have. The same principles that we’ve lived by in the past, combining relentless focus with a “low cost wins” mentality and daily operational excellence, will con- tinue to be the key ingredients to our winning strategy. We will strive to surpass the expectations of all of our constituents which will result in delivering optimal results to you, our shareholders. Finally, I would like to thank every one of our more than 10,000 dedicated employees for making 2006 such a resounding success and taking us one more step towards our full potential.
DALE B. WOLF
Chief Executive Officer
COVENTRY HEALTH CARE // 13
 