  a legacy of growth
& profitability
LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Reflecting on my eight years as President and CEO, I am proud of what this company has achieved. Together we built Coventry from a small managed care company with under a million members in 4 markets to a national leader with 2.5 million members in 15 markets. Seven years ago, we made $0.23 per share. In 2004, our EPS was $3.72—an average annual growth rate of 48.5 percent. During this same period, our annual revenues grew from $1.2 billion to $5.3 billion—23.3 percent average yearly growth. Today, all our businesses are profitable and growing. Our balance sheet and cash flow have never been stronger.
Coventry builds value by being in the right business with the right people. And we run the business with discipline. We believe that having the lowest cost structure, both medical and administrative, along with world-class service and competitive products, is the key to profitable growth over the long term. We have the lowest SG&A in the industry and our margins are among the highest in the industry.
On October 14, 2004, as I announced our 25th consecutive quarter of earnings growth, I also unveiled our definitive agreement to acquire First Health Group. The acquisition transforms Coventry into a national health benefits company capable of serving a broad array of commercial and governmental clients. Whereas our historic strength has been in the small to mid-size group insured customer markets, our enhanced capabilities will appeal to much wider audiences and market segments.
Last October, we also announced that Dale Wolf would succeed me as CEO upon my retirement. His skills and expe- rience uniquely qualify him to be our new CEO and I am certain I could leave Coventry in no more capable hands. He will be outstanding in this role. Tom McDonough, who as COO turned our health plans into profitable businesses, will be a great president of First Health. As non-executive Chairman, I will continue supporting Dale and Tom in leading our company forward. The succession of leadership will bring vitality and continuity of vision.
When I consider our businesses, markets, products, technology, service capabilities, and most importantly, people, I see a company poised for continued outstanding performance on a national scale.
Allen F. Wise
Chairman, Retired President and Chief Executive Officer
 3
 