  To Our Shareholders
CVS Corporation has emerged from 2002 stronger, leaner and better positioned to capitalize on the rich opportunities in pharmacy. We laid out an aggressive action plan to regenerate our strong pattern of growth, and I am proud to report that we achieved what we set out to accomplish.
We achieved record sales in 2002, with total sales increasing 8.7% to $24.2 billion. Same store sales increased 8.4%, with pharmacy same store sales growing 11.7%. Our earnings per share rose 12.2%, which is a greater increase than we originally projected.
Despite our success, uncertainty ruled the stock market in 2002 and adversely affected our share price. Concerns about the economy, global instability, and a number of corporate scandals led to nervous investors and a bear market. We are confident that, if we deliver continued strong results, ultimately our value will be reflected in our share price.
Making it Easy for Customers
   We are committed to flawless execution and extraordinary customer service to drive financial performance.
Our mission is to be the easiest pharmacy retailer for customers to use. We know consumers are starved for time, so we are focused on making their trips to CVS
as easy and efficient as possible—in a sense to help them get more life out of life. That means convenient locations, prescription renewal by phone or on CVS.com®, drive-thru pharmacy service, one-hour photo service, clipless
coupons, and everything else we do to make their lives easier.
It also means having items in stock that customers need. We
implemented our Assisted Inventory Management (AIM) system for regular,
front-store merchandise throughout the company in 2002, driving sales and enhancing customer service by improving our in-stock positions. AIM
decreases our inventories per store, while at the same time helping us to have the right products in the right stores at the right times. Our pharmacy business is the next target for the AIM system. We are currently conducting a
pilot test and plan to roll out the AIM system for pharmacy during 2003.
   Our ExtraCare card program continues to build customer loyalty. With 33 million members, ExtraCare is the largest and most successful retail loyalty program in America, and
we continue to upgrade the benefits to customers. About 50% of front-store sales come through ExtraCare cardholders, representing an exceptional level of customer participation compared with many other retail programs.
We remain fervent in our commitment to continually improve service to our customers. Superior customer service drives financial performance for retail companies, and we are committed to delivering extraordinary service—in all stores, every day, for every customer.
Positioned for Growth
We built 266 new stores in 2002, 174 brand new stores and 92 stores we relocated to superior locations. We continued our penetration into new markets that offer high growth potential, opening our first stores in Phoenix, and continuing our ongoing expansion into various Florida markets, as well as Chicago, Dallas/Ft. Worth, Houston, and Las Vegas. In fact, 78 of our new stores are located in
    We opened 266 new CVS stores in 2002.
these new market areas, positioning us right where demand is strongest. We also continue to grow market shares in many of our
principal markets. We now have the #1 or #2 market share in approximately 70% of the top markets where we operate.
 2
CVS Corporation

 We are well positioned for steady, strong growth as we look into 2003 and beyond. We are a leader in the pharmacy industry, which boasts some of the best growth trends in all of retail.
While drug approvals have been somewhat slower over the past two years, there is a bulging pipeline of new drugs awaiting approval. In addition, a large number of branded drugs are converting to generics, which lowers healthcare costs while improving our profitability. Congress continues to debate how to provide prescription drug coverage for those people covered by Medicare, and more Americans are entering their senior years, when their prescription drug consumption is higher. Prescription drugs are recognized as the most cost-effective means of improving healthcare, and coverage for all Americans is good for our citizens and our business.
Healthy Financial Position
As we enter 2003, our 40th anniversary year, we have a solid balance sheet with robust free cash flow, low debt levels, and improving inventory turns. We clearly have the wherewithal to take advantage of the significant growth opportunities that lie ahead. We remain committed to increasing our return on invested capital to drive shareholder value. In the 2002/2003 fiscal years, we will have invested more than $1 billion in stores and technology. We expect to open another 250-275 stores in 2003, and to grow our total square footage by 4% to 5% each year going forward.
As we’ve watched companies struggle this past year with corporate governance issues, I am gratified by our company’s long-standing history of integrity, which has been one of our key values for success at CVS. We remain committed to our mission, vision and values that
have made us successful for the past four decades.
All of us at CVS are proud of the dedication and teamwork of our 105,000 colleagues. We are grateful for the wise counsel of our board of directors, the leadership of our talented senior management
team, our strong partnerships with our
suppliers, and the growing loyalty of our
customers. We thank you, our
shareholders, for your continued
confidence. With your support we
look forward to a very bright
future for CVS.
     Thomas M. Ryan
Chairman of the Board, President, and
Chief Executive Officer
Thomas M. Ryan
 