                                       Message from our Chairman
Chairman, President, and CEO Tom Ryan visits Store Manager Terri Chalifoux at the CVS/pharmacy in Wakefield, Rhode Island.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
CVS can look back over 2003 with a great sense of accomplishment. We turned in the best performance in our 40-year history, with sales hitting an all-time high of $26.6 billion. Our sales results improved steadily throughout the year, finishing with a record-breaking holiday season. Same-store sales grew by 5.8 percent, while diluted earnings per share rose a healthy 17.7 percent, to $2.06. Much of the credit for these results can be attributed to the success of our associates’ efforts to make CVS the easiest pharmacy for customers to use. Our research shows that customers are noticing the difference.
Our pharmacy business, which accounts for roughly 70 percent of overall sales, turned in a tremendous year. Pharmacy same-store sales jumped 8.1 percent, with CVS filling more than one in every 10 U.S. retail drug prescriptions. Front-end same-store sales increased 1.2 percent. We also saw improvements in gross margins, due largely to increased generic drug sales, a significant reduction in inventory losses, and a more profitable product mix in the front of the store. These are just some of the strong underlying fundamentals that helped CVS’ share price increase 45 percent in 2003 versus a 23 percent increase for the S&P 500.
Our balance sheet remained among the best in our industry, with low leverage and excellent working capital ratios. We generated a significant amount of cash and continued to put this money to use on a number of fronts—opening stores, investing in technology, and increasing our dividend payout. In fact, the 15 percent dividend hike we announced in October was the largest since we went public in 1996, reflecting our strong results and confidence in our future. Our return on invested capital increased to 9.9 percent, with the spread above our weighted average cost of capital once again demonstrating economic value creation.
We continued our successful expansion, opening 275 convenient new stores in 2003. After factoring in relocations and closings, we achieved a 3.5 percent expansion in square footage and net unit growth of 92 stores. Of these, more than 80 are located in fast-growing new CVS markets such as Florida, Texas, Chicago, Phoenix, and Las Vegas. We also broke ground for a distribution center in Ennis, Texas, scheduled to open
in late 2004. The first facility of its kind in North America, it will utilize state-of-the-art storage and retrieval systems that are 30 percent more productive and require half the space of traditional distribution centers.
GROWING OUR STORE BASE
(1)
   
                                             Forty percent of all U.S. households participate in the CVS ExtraCare loyalty program.
    ’99 ’00
’01 ’02
’03
’99 ’00
’01 ’02 ’03
Sales (In billions of dollars)
ExtraCare Cardholders (In millions)
(2)
REAPING THE BENEFITS OF “CVS EASY”
Through our “CVS easy” initiatives, we’ve worked hard to make ours the easiest stores to shop among all drug retailers. Take our Pharmacy Service Initiative, which we rolled out during the year. Based on tracking studies, we have seen substantial improvements in service levels and have received overwhelmingly positive customer feedback. Our ExtraCare® program, with more than 44 million cardholders, is the largest and most successful U.S. retail loyalty program. Three years after ExtraCare’s rollout, cardholders account for a remarkable 55 percent of all transactions and are enjoying the program’s many benefits.
Assisted Inventory Management (AIM), the computerized inventory tracking system we introduced in 2002, has dramatically improved our in-stock position in the front of the store. AIM helped us exceed our inventory- turn goal in 2003, making us the leader among national drugstore chains in this important productivity measure. We achieved inventory turns of 5.0 times for the year, up from 4.6 times in 2002. Furthermore,
we rolled out AIM for the pharmacy in 2003 and anticipate substantial benefits as 2004 progresses.
In July 2003, CVS also became the first national drug retailer to offer self-service digital photo printing. Customers have noted their approval of our easy-to-use kiosks by printing more than 25 million images through year-end. This has reversed the downward trend in the overall photo category caused by the drop in traditional overnight processing.
Our “CVS easy” mission even drives the way we design our stores, with a focus on enabling customers to get what they want as conveniently as possible. They appreciate our more than 1,700 drive-thru pharmacies, carpeted floors, good lighting, and five-foot shelf heights that make it easy to find and reach every product. We’ve expanded store hours as well, with 1,600 stores—double last year’s level—now offering 24- or extended-hour service. This strategy is paying off. CVS boasts the highest sales per retail square foot of any national drugstore chain, hitting more than $800 in 2003. More than 50 percent of our stores were freestanding at the end of 2003, and we expect that figure to reach 70–80 percent over the long term. On the pages that follow this letter, I invite you to witness “CVS easy” in action.
 Test Begins
1.9 Pilot Begins
18.1 20.1
25.8 Chainwide 34.3
22.2 24.2
26.6
44.4

                                        Financial Highlights
 In millions, except per share
Sales
Operating profit
Net earnings
Diluted earnings per common share Stock price at year end
Market capitalization at year end
2003
(53 weeks)
$ 26,588.0 1,423.6 847.3 2.06 36.12 14,281
2002
(52 weeks)
$ 24,181.5 1,206.2 716.6 1.75 24.97 9,814
% Change
10.0 18.0 18.2 17.7 44.7 45.5
  OFFERING A UNIQUE FRONT-END EXPERIENCE
We’ve distinguished ourselves in other ways as well. For example, CVS offers a unique front-end focus on cosmetics, health, and beauty. We carry France’s Avène® and Vichy® beauty care lines and are currently
the exclusive U.S. distributor of Finland’s Lumene® brand. It’s worth noting that 40 percent of our Lumene customers are new to the skin care category at CVS, a clear indicator that such offerings help drive front-of- store sales growth. In addition, customers value the way we tailor our stores with merchandise targeted to ethnic preferences and the other needs of distinct neighborhoods. Our web site, CVS.com, offers the ability to order unique products online.
With our PharmaCare® subsidiary, which celebrates its 10th anniversary in 2004, we’ve built one of the
most comprehensive U.S. pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and specialty pharmacy companies. The fourth-largest PBM overall with 15 million members, PharmaCare is recognized as the leader in offering a full- service solution for small and mid-sized clients. Its 17 percent jump in revenue in 2003 pushed PharmaCare’s annual sales past $1.3 billion. I’m happy to note that PharmaCare also continues to benefit from enhanced sales and marketing efforts following the integration of ProCare, our specialty pharmacy division.
CVS also tries to make it easy for doctors to maximize their time spent with patients. We are a charter member of SureScripts, an organization formed to provide an electronic link between doctors and pharmacies. This should help make the prescription-filling process faster and more efficient, and a highly promising beta test
is currently underway in Rhode Island. We expect the necessary connections to be deployed nationwide by year-end 2004, with acceptance by prescribers occurring over time.
We are committed to steady, long-term, profitable growth. As we enter 2004, I have reason to feel very optimistic about CVS’ prospects. For starters, we’ve built a top-notch management team that is focused on transforming a good retailer into a great one. Our team includes a number of individuals who have spent close to two decades with CVS, as well as professionals who have joined us from other industries. The resulting breadth of our executive talent has made us a stronger organization, ready to seize new opportunities. Moreover, we have clarity of mission among the 110,000 associates who are putting our “CVS easy”
EXPECTING MORE GOOD NEWS IN 2004 AND BEYOND
(3)
 
 (4)
EXPANDING OUR PRESENCE IN NEWER MARKETS
CVS/pharmacy and ProCare Markets (In blue)
initiatives into action every day and helping us unlock our enormous potential. It’s worth noting that length
of service averages 10 years for our 4,000-plus store managers and nine years for our more than 12,000 pharmacists. Extensive experience and our Emerging Leaders development program help prepare our top talent for broader field management roles.
We fully expect sales to pass $28 billion in 2004. Some 225–250 new or relocated stores are slated to open during the year, and total square footage should grow by approximately 4 percent again. Nearly all of the net store growth will come from increased penetration in our newer markets. After only three years, these newer markets will contribute more than $1 billion in revenue in 2004. We also plan to enter other high-growth areas such as Minneapolis, Los Angeles, and Orange County, California.
The retail pharmacy industry is expected to more than double to about $450 billion in annual sales by 2012. Our pharmacies stand to benefit from a strong drug discovery pipeline as well as the FDA’s accelerated approval of generic drugs. Some $50 billion in pharmaceuticals will be coming off patent over the next four years. Demographics also continue to work in our favor. The population is aging, and prescription drug therapy remains a cost-effective approach to meeting health care needs. People aged 65 and over use almost four times as many prescriptions as other individuals. According to government estimates, this portion of the population will spend $1.8 trillion on prescriptions over the next decade.
The competitive threat of mail order pharmacy has been a much debated issue, with consumer resistance growing against benefit plans that force patients to order maintenance medications through the mail. We are encouraged by the overwhelmingly positive response to benefit plans that allow customers to fill their 90-day prescriptions in retail stores. Let me stress that CVS does not oppose dispensing medication through mail order. However, we are opposed to a small number of PBMs implementing plan designs that not only force patients to use mail, but also dictate that patients use their captive mail order services. At best, this practice is harmful to patients because it eliminates choice and deprives them of the opportunity to obtain personal counseling from a community pharmacist. At worst, it is unfair and anti-competitive.

                                                  ’99 ’00
’01 ’02
’03
’99 ’00
’01 ’02 ’03
Rx Sales/Total Sales (In percent)
Inventory Turns
Inventory
turns improved 7 percent on average for five consecutive years, making CVS #1 among national chains.
BUILDING ON A STRONG CORPORATE GOVERNANCE TRADITION
In November, we watched Congress pass a long-awaited prescription drug law that goes into effect in 2006. Many of its details have yet to be worked out, and we will monitor them closely. However, we believe that this kind of legislation will ultimately be good for senior citizens, good for this country’s uninsured, and good for CVS. IMS Health predicts that a Medicare prescription benefit would add 75–100 million incremental prescriptions to the market annually.
Another piece of federal legislation, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, has garnered a great deal of attention of late. Enacted to improve corporate governance standards, you may be wondering what impact it will have on CVS. Thanks to a strong corporate governance tradition, built over our 40 years in business, CVS has had to make very few changes. In fact, we are largely formalizing and documenting already existing practices. As for our Board of Directors, it has always included talented leaders from corporate America, academia, and the non-profit world. Among them, I want to extend a special thanks to Ivan Seidenberg and Eugene Applebaum. Both men served faithfully for many years and retired following our last annual meeting.
In closing, I want to thank long-standing shareholders for the continued confidence you place in our efforts. If you’re new to CVS, then you’ve become a shareholder during a most exciting period. We are a company with a long history, to be sure, but “CVS easy” and the other initiatives I’ve described above demonstrate that we are not encumbered by old ways or old ideas. The eagerness to challenge ourselves and our passion for extraordinary customer service drive everything we do. I believe that CVS has the talent, the focus, and the financial strength to create new growth opportunities for years to come.
Thomas M. Ryan
Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 February 12, 2004
(5)
 58.7 62.7
4.0 4.1
4.3 4.6
66.1 67.6
68.8
5.0
