Measuring Success
We are committed to deliv- ering $1.8 billion in annual synergies, up from the pre- merger announcement of $1.2 billion. We expect to achieve this goal by the second quarter 2003.
The company achieved the No.1ranking in total stockholder return among its peers for the two-year period 2000 through 2001.
We are committed to excellence in everything we do and strive to continually
performance
and require accountability both for the goals we set and the ways we attain them.
improve our performance. We are passionate about achieving results that exceed
expectations – our own as well as those of our stakeholders. We measure success
    With the addition of 1.2 bil- lion barrels of oil and equiva- lent gas reserves, our rate of reserves replacement for 2001 was 127 percent of the year’s production.
         4
U.S. refining and marketing had exceptionally strong earnings in 2001, with sales of branded motor gasoline up 4 percent.
Exploration efforts con- tinue to add new resources for future growth. In 2001, we made significant discov- eries in Angola, Australia, Brazil and deepwater Gulf of Mexico.

 Global Reach
ChevronTexaco ranks among the world’s largest and most competitive global
global
energy companies and is engaged in every aspect of the industry. Consumers
around the world recognize our brands and trust our reputation. We have a
global perspective and value the positive influence this has on our company.
  We have more than 21,000 retail outlets that market under the Chevron, Texaco and Caltex family of brands.
Active in more than 180 countries, our highly skilled and diverse work force is committed to community involvement and environ- mental excellence.
            By investing in promising start-up companies, we are ensuring our participation in key developments in core oil and gas, as well as emerg- ing, technologies.
ChevronTexaco is the second- largest U.S.-based energy company, with more than 11 billion barrels of oil and equivalent gas reserves and 2.4 million barrels per day of refining capacity. Our aver- age daily net production is 2.7 million oil-equivalent barrels.
We have interests in 47 power projects now operating or being developed and hold an approxi- mate 26 percent interest in energy marketer Dynegy Inc.
 
 To Our Stockholders
      6
Dave O’Reilly
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 “Our main business objective is to be No.1 among our peers in total stockholder return for the period 2000 through 2004. We were No.1 for the two-year period 2000 through 2001, and we are moving aggressively to retain that position.”
          
 Success in these four key areas will be achieved by building world-class organizational capability (the “plus 1”). During the merger process, we continued our focus on two key areas of 4+1: building organizational capability in operational excellence and capital stewardship. Hundreds of leaders have been and are being trained in the key elements of both.
And that effort is paying off. Last year was our best ever for safety. We also achieved world-class ranking in a benchmark study of the efficiency of our U.S. refining system’s capital spending. And our energy efficiency has improved steadily: We now use 20 per- cent less energy per unit of output than we did a decade ago.
Building capability is the key to sustained performance improvement; 4+1 is our road map to get there.
Prepared for the future
Sufficient energy supplies, delivered in an environmentally sound manner, will always be critical to economic growth and prosperity around the world. We are committed to providing that energy and, with our increased scale and scope, are better able to fill that important role. Regardless of industry conditions, I believe we have the strategic focus and the opportunities to be the top performer in the business. My belief rests on our talented and dedicated work force and their disciplined approach to managing assets, building a strong portfolio and expanding partnerships.
I’m excited about our future and grateful for the tremendous work of all ChevronTexaco employees around the world. Their commitment, effort and enthusiasm make it possible for our new company to move forward on a solid footing. I’m confident that, working together, we will deliver superior sustained performance and meet the high expectations of our customers, the communities in which we operate and you, our stockholders.
Dave O’Reilly
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
March 8, 2002
 12

              Aiming for world-class performance. ChevronTexaco has the people, the assets and the strategies to realize our goals of being No.1 among our peers in total stock- holder return for the period 2000 through 2004 and of being the preferred partner in energy projects. Success demands that we
4+1
focus on the fundamentals, that we deliver
results and that we invest in our future.
  