  CHEVRON CORPORATION 1999 ANNUAL REPORT
 CHEVRON IS WELL PREPARED FOR A CHANGING WORLD
I feel fortunate to have been named chief executive officer of your company at one of the most dynamic times in our 120-year history. The competitive landscape has changed, emerging technologies are reshaping industry, and old approaches to business are giving way to new. What remains constant, however, is the importance of energy to the world’s economic growth.
With our enviable resource base, strong market and technology positions, and our talented and dedicated work force, Chevron is well prepared for this changing world.
In this, my first letter to you, I’ll highlight our 1999 accomplishments and lay out goals for the next five years. But first, I want to acknowledge the leadership of my pred- ecessor, Ken Derr, who retired at the end of 1999. Ken contributed enormously to creat- ing today’s Chevron – a strong, focused company with excellent growth prospects and unassailable values.
I’m committed to building on that legacy. We have the energy to grow our business, and we will continue providing communities and nations with the energy they need to grow and prosper.
A LOOK BACK
What a difference a year makes. In late 1998, crude oil prices were at near-record lows, and recovery was uncertain. At that time, we announced plans to reduce capital spending in most of our businesses and to launch a companywide effort to reduce our cost structure by $500 million. These moves allowed us to continue funding our growth in interna- tional exploration and production.
We’ve more than met our commitments. In the first quarter of 1999, we acquired Rutherford-Moran Oil Corporation, which gives us a new growth platform in Southeast Asia’s natural gas market. In September, we purchased Petrolera Argentina San Jorge S.A., a company with excellent prospects in two key geologic basins in Latin America.
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
 Dave O’Reilly

  CHEVRON CORPORATION 1999 ANNUAL REPORT
   Dick Matzke
Vice Chairman
In addition, we continued to invest in ongoing operations. Production from Kazakhstan’s Tengiz Field was up 14 percent to 214,000 barrels of oil a day in 1999, and plant expansions will boost production to 260,000 by year-end. The Kuito Field, our first deepwater project in Angola, started operations in December and is expected to produce 100,000 barrels a day when fully operational. In addition, Genesis and Gemini – our first two deepwater fields in the Gulf of Mexico – started up last year. Their combined output at year-end was 82,000 barrels a day.
As pledged, we reduced capital spending in targeted areas. In addition, our initia- tives to eliminate $500 million from our cost structure on a sustained basis have proved very successful. Savings came from all parts of the company. We reorganized chemicals, pipeline, and North American upstream (exploration and production) and downstream (refining, marketing and transportation) units; sold noncore U.S. upstream assets, as well as our two San Francisco office buildings; restructured human resources and finance; stand- ardized information technology systems; improved how we buy goods and services; and completed the move of our downstream affiliate Caltex from Dallas to Singapore.
Having achieved these goals and benefited from a recovery in oil prices, our perform- ance improved in 1999. Operating earnings were $2.3 billion, up from $1.9 billion in 1998. Worldwide liquids production was up 2 percent to a record 1.13 million barrels a day, and for the seventh straight year, oil and gas reserves additions exceeded production.
However, we fell short in operating with excellence. The cost of incidents was up in 1999. That’s unacceptable. We’re redoubling our efforts to ensure that the appropriate process improvements are in place and that all employees are engaged in this critical area.
A LOOK AHEAD
I’ve set two challenging goals for the five-year period 2000 through 2004: to be No.1 in total stockholder return relative to our peers – tougher competitors than ever – and to achieve a minimum 12 percent return on capital employed while continuing to grow. Success requires profitable earnings-per-share growth greater than our competitors’, and I’m convinced that we have the organization and the will to succeed.
Priorities driving our success. Achieving these goals will require superior perform- ance in four areas: operational excellence, cost reduction, capital stewardship and prof- itable growth – all driven by organizational capability.
1. Operational excellence: Safe, reliable, efficient operations companywide are essential to achieving our objectives. They are, in fact, the foundation for growth. This is Job No.1 for all of us day in and day out. We are committed to ensuring continued and sustainable improvements in our operations.
2. Cost reduction: We will build on last year’s $500 million cost-reduction effort, much of which will continue to show rewards in the coming years. For example, we are just starting to reap the benefits from our new global procurement process and from our restructured support functions.
3. Capital stewardship: We reinvest about $5 billion annually in our business. It’s essential that we be wise stewards of our investors’ money. We have a world-class project- management process that is helping us improve greatly in two areas: decision quality –
 Jim Sullivan
Vice Chairman
2

  CHEVRON CORPORATION 1999 ANNUAL REPORT
 Ken Derr’s Legacy
While Ken Derr was chairman, 1989 through 1999, Chevron’s market capitalization nearly quadrupled to about $60 billion. But Derr’s contributions went beyond this remarkable financial performance. He expanded the company globally, broadening operations in Africa, Asia and Latin America and pioneering Chevron’s entry into Kazakhstan. He inspired improved work proc- esses and open communication. He stressed the importance of valuing diversity and developing leaders. The Chevron of tomorrow will be stronger for his efforts.
ensuring that the right people have the right data when deciding whether a project should proceed; and project execution – excelling in engineering, construction and start- up so that we employ capital most efficiently. The start-up of Angola’s deepwater Kuito Field – under budget and just two and a half years after discovery – was a remarkable achievement and is evidence of progress in this area.
4. Profitable growth: Delivering on operational excellence, cost reduction and capital stewardship will provide earnings growth. But we must do more.
We will seek continued profitable growth in our core businesses, particularly inter- national upstream. We will seek acquisitions and alliances that enhance growth. In February, we announced a joint venture between our chemicals business and that of Phillips Petroleum Company. The new $6 billion company, to be formed by midyear, will be a world-class competitor in petrochemicals. We will also capture new opportu- nities. Currently, we’re growing in the power and gas business through Dynegy, in which we hold about a 28 percent interest. We’re also investing in new process technologies, including a method for converting natural gas to liquids, as well as in information and Internet technologies.
However, none of this can happen without organizational capability – our combined talents, knowledge, systems and processes effectively applied to the four priorities above. To continue to build organizational capability, we must learn from our experiences and rapidly share knowledge across work groups. Seeking and applying better ways to operate with excellence, reduce costs, improve capital stewardship and grow profitably are critical to our success. We have a talented team of people to accomplish this.
THE ENERGY TO GROW
The energy business has a very bright future. It fulfills a critical role in providing prod- ucts and services to customers and communities around the globe and is essential to eco- nomic growth and prosperity in both the developed and the developing world.
Chevron’s reputation is second to none. As a valued participant in the economies of more than 100 countries, we are respected by host governments, by our business partners and by millions of customers worldwide.
I am proud of our people and our progress and optimistic about our future. We’ve moved aggressively to make Chevron a stronger company, and we are prepared to partici- pate in the exciting period of growth that lies ahead. I’m confident we will succeed.
Dave O’Reilly
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2000
 3
