Dear Shareholders:
We are very pleased to report that 2001 was an outstanding year for Community Health
Systems. We not only demonstrated strong execution in meeting our strategic objectives, but we
exceeded expectations in nearly every respect. More importantly, we are extremely proud to be
able to share our success with communities across the country, and to deliver greater value to our
shareholders. The measure of our success in 2001 is demonstrated by these key accomplishments:
• We reported record financial results with $1.7 billion in revenues and $309 million in
EBITDA, representing 27% and 22% increases, respectively, over the prior year. Net
income was $44.7 million, or $0.50 per share, in 2001, compared with $9.6 million,
or $0.14 per share, in 2000.
• We achieved greater than 18% annual growth in both admissions and adjusted
admissions (factors in outpatient business) on a consolidated hospital basis.
• We recruited 378 physicians, compared with 305 for the prior year, reflecting our
commitment to improve the quality and scope of healthcare services in the
communities we serve.
• We invested over $93 million in hospital replacement projects, renovations and
equipment improvements, and completed 10 emergency room projects, enhancing the
delivery of healthcare in the communities we serve.
• We acquired five hospitals, expanding our asset base to 57 hospitals in 20 states at
year-end, making us the most active acquirer in the non-urban sector of the hospital
industry. In January and March of 2002, we purchased two additional facilities
bringing the total to 59 hospitals.
Our outstanding performance reflects the strength of our proven operating model with
centralization and standardization throughout our hospital network. This was evidenced by
our excellent same-store (hospitals owned during the last 12 months) growth metrics, a
critical measure of success in our industry. On a same-store basis, revenues increased by over
10%, admissions increased 4%, and adjusted admissions increased nearly 5% over the prior
year. Other key utilization statistics, including emergency room visits and surgical
procedures, also improved, again validating the strength of our business model. More
importantly, it demonstrates that our hospitals are successful in meeting the healthcare needs
of the communities they serve.
In 2001, we continued to build the solid financial platform to sustain our growth. In the
fourth quarter we completed a public offering of 12 million shares of common stock and the
sale of $288 million of convertible subordinated notes, raising approximately $585 million in
net proceeds. As a result, we were able to significantly reduce our debt and we entered 2002
with a very attractive 48% debt-to-capital ratio and over $300 million available on our line
of credit. As of December 31, 2001, our balance sheet reflects $195 million in working
capital, $980 million in long-term debt, and approximately $2.5 billion in total assets,
providing the financial flexibility to continue to pursue our growth strategy.
Community Health Systems has continued to set a high standard for success in our
industry with our ability to selectively acquire hospitals. We exceeded our projected target of
acquisitions in 2001 with the addition of five new hospitals, all of which fit our criteria as the
sole provider in their respective communities. We expect to achieve continued profitable
growth with the effective assimilation of these acquired hospitals into our system. In addition,
we remain confident about our future growth opportunities in what we view as a very
acquisition-friendly environment. We have already completed two acquisitions this year,
making us confident that we will reach our goal to acquire an additional three to four
hospitals in 2002. Our growing recognition in the marketplace as the acquirer of choice
reflects our steadfast commitment to our reputation for promises made, promises kept.
One of the most critical elements to success in our business is effective physician
recruitment. We recognize that the most fundamental relationship in delivering healthcare
services is the one between patient and physician. As we acquire hospitals and enter new
communities, we also focus on bringing in new physicians, including specialists, to increase
the level of intensity of healthcare services in the community. Above all, our highest priority
is providing superior quality healthcare and we are committed to enhancing the experience a
patient receives in one of our hospitals. More importantly, we want to ensure they can receive
the highest level of care possible without having to leave their community. In the hospital
management industry, there are many benchmarks for success. However, we believe that to be
truly successful, we must be fully accountable to the communities we serve, and ultimately
have a positive influence on the health of even greater numbers of people.
Our achievements to date have extended our role as a leading provider of quality
healthcare in the non-urban market. We have an enviable advantage in the marketplace with
a high quality asset portfolio, a compelling operating strategy, and a highly motivated
management team capable of leveraging these attributes with a focus on success. We also
recognize that it takes many talented and dedicated people working together to accomplish
the remarkable milestones that Community Health Systems has achieved. We thank all of our
employees, and associated physicians and medical staffs for their dedicated efforts and
contributions to an incredible year.
We are most excited about the momentum we are building and believe that the greatest
opportunities for Community Health Systems are still ahead. Our goal is to turn these future
opportunities into greater value for our shareholders. We appreciate your interest and the trust
you have placed in us through your investment in Community Health Systems and we hope
that you will continue to be a part of our future.
Sincerely,
Wayne T. Smith W. Larry Cash
Chairman of the Board Executive Vice President
President and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Office