L e t t e r

t o

S h a r e h o l d e r s

WAYNE T. SMITH Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

W. LARRY CASH Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Since Community Health Systems became a public company, the success of each year has surpassed the previous one and we are extremely pleased to share our results for 2004. We believe our strong financial and operating performance reflects our ability to consistently execute our strategy and meet our objectives. Our continued success through the years has positioned the Company at the top of our industry as a leading operator of non-urban hospitals. During 2004, Community Health Systems delivered a number of outstanding accomplishments, including consolidated net revenues of $3.3 billion, a 19 percent increase over 2003. The consolidated financial results for the year also reflect an 11 percent increase in total admissions and a 13 percent increase in adjusted admissions, which factor in outpatient visits, compared with 2003. Most importantly, we delivered another year of improved earnings to our shareholders as income from continuing operations increased almost 20 percent to $158 million, or $1.58 per share (diluted) in 2004. Our volumes for the year were negatively influenced by disruptions from the severe hurricane activity in Florida and the Gulf Coast of Alabama, which affected the operating results of selected hospitals during the third and fourth quarters of 2004. In addition, we experienced much lower flu volume and related respiratory cases in 2004 when compared to the level of admissions in 2003. Despite these volume challenges, our same store revenue increased almost seven percent. Our performance for the past year reflects our ability to focus and execute on the key areas for success in our business ­ an effective standardized operating platform, a disciplined acquisition strategy, a strong asset base, successful physician recruitment and a favorable reputation in the marketplace. We are especially proud that our success as a Company continues to be recognized. Notably, for the second year in a row, Community Health

Systems was included in Forbes magazine list of "The 400 Best Managed Companies in America" published on January 10, 2005. Selection for this prestigious listing was based on a review across 26 industries for companies with at least $1.0 billion in revenue and high rankings for corporate practices as well as long- and short-term sales and earnings growth and stock market performance. We are honored to be acknowledged for meeting these high standards, but more importantly, to be regarded as a distinguished leader in the healthcare industry. We believe the true measure of our success is best reflected in the communities across the country where we serve. As we continue to focus on our mission to build a network of hospitals and enhance the level of healthcare, we find that our communities are a great place to be ­ for all of us. Hospitals are typically viewed as leaders in the local community ­ as a provider of essential healthcare services, as one of the largest employers and as a valuable resource for economic development. Above all, well-managed community hospitals are vital to keeping quality health care close to home. As a partner with these hospitals, we understand this vital need and the level of respect that is critical to our mission. Our sole focus is to provide high quality healthcare in these communities and set an equally high standard for success. We work with each community to create a partnership that maintains local involvement while providing the necessary resources to expand essential healthcare services, recruit physicians and enhance technology. As we integrate new hospitals into our system, we implement many programs to further improve operating efficiencies and increase operating margins. Additionally, we utilize our proven standardized and centralized operating platform across every aspect of our business, from patient billing and collections, physician support programs, procurement and materials management to facilities management and construction projects.

"

The true measure of our success is best reflected in the communities we serve.

"

Our hospitals are also supported by appropriate capital spending programs with a strong focus on achieving both an optimal level of financial and operating performance and higher patient satisfaction. In 2004 we invested over $164 million in capital projects designed to improve hospital services and facilities across the country, including over $14 million for replacement hospitals. These investments ensure that our hospitals have the appropriate technology and provide the right infrastructure to meet the capacity needs of the community. In addition, these initiatives strategically position us to accommodate the growing level of patient demand we expect to see in many of the communities we serve. An important aspect of our operating strategy is to ensure continuous improvement in the quality of care provided. We develop and implement standards for best practices through specific training programs for the senior hospital management teams, physicians, chief nursing officers and other clinical staff. As we continue to grow our network of hospitals, we strive to balance our financial and operating objectives with a commitment to the highest quality standards. Notably, two of our hospitals were recently included in the list of Distinguished Hospitals for Clinical ExcellenceTM by HealthGrades, the leading independent healthcare quality company. HealthGrades' study named Easton Hospital in Easton, Pennsylvania, and Laredo Medical Center, Laredo, Texas, to the top five percent in the nation in clinical quality. Their rating is based on survival rates of Medicare patients for specified procedures and diagnoses. Our ability to identify and selectively acquire hospitals has consistently placed Community Health Systems in front of the market. In 2004, we successfully completed acquisitions of two community hospitals, Galesburg Cottage Hospital, located in Galesburg, Illinois, and Phoenixville Hospital, located in Phoenixville, Pennsylvania. These acquisitions added 313 beds to our portfolio and we expect each of these

hospitals to provide additional growth opportunities as we expand our coverage into these respective new markets. Our proven record in integrating and improving the financial and operating performance of newly acquired hospitals, and more importantly, developing positive community relations, has continued to be a distinct competitive advantage for Community Health Systems. We recognize that our past and future success is largely driven by the strong community relationships we have fostered in the non-urban markets we serve. Each community served by Community Health Systems is different and we develop a strategy that strikes a favorable balance with each hospital's unique strengths and the needs of the community. Our ultimate objective is to deliver consistent results and ensure that our hospitals achieve or maintain their position as the health care provider of choice in their respective markets. The operating environment continues to look favorable for well-managed non-urban hospitals with many opportunities for Community Health Systems. We see a growing number of hospitals looking for a trusted partner to provide the resources that will enable them to deliver quality healthcare in their communities. Our growing reputation as the acquirer of choice reflects a commitment to meet this critical need and deliver on our promise. Our ability to attract new physicians to these communities, particularly in certain specialties, is critical to our mission. Our aggressive physician recruitment efforts have played an important role in strengthening our top-line results. In 2004 we successfully recruited 525 new physicians in our markets, compared with 508 physicians added in 2003. Approximately 60 percent of these new physicians are specialists, which is essential to our ability to expand services in both new and existing markets. We are committed to finding the best practitioners in their respective fields who not only raise the level of care in our facilities, but also become an integral part of the community. These

physicians have enabled our hospitals to provide a continuum of quality, cost-effective healthcare and meet our goal to keep more patients and revenues within the local community. Our success in 2004 reflects our ability to execute and a commitment to continually raising our standards of performance. We salute the incredible efforts of everyone associated with Community Health Systems ­ from our employees and board of directors to the many physicians, nurses and hospital administrators who work tirelessly each and every day to make a positive difference in the communities we serve. These same people are to be commended for their performance during 2004 that once again saw Community Health Systems operating at the top of our industry, and we look forward with great expectations to what we can accomplish in the future. As we enter 2005, we will continue to balance our objective to build enduring value for our shareholders with our mission to enhance the level of healthcare in more communities across the country. By every measure, this strategy has served to strengthen both the Company and the hospitals in the communities we serve. 2004 was another great year for Community Health Systems, but as always, there is much more for us to accomplish. Thank you for the support your investment provides. Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

W. Larry Cash Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

