Letter to Shareholders:

While 2009 was a year of many challenges, it marked another year of growth and progress for Community Health Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries. We are especially pleased with our financial and operating performance given an economic environment that was unprecedented in recent history. Given these challenges, we have placed an even greater emphasis on what has defined our Company and positioned Community Health Systems, Inc. at the top of our industry ­ an unrelenting focus on remaining true to our core values and our mission of providing essential healthcare services close to home ­ where they should be. Above all, we have worked even harder to build upon the strong relationships with the communities we serve and we are proud of the reputation we have earned as a trusted partner and consistent and effective operator. As part of our focus on high quality healthcare services, we developed a program we call Community Cares. This program helps create a culture of operational excellence incorporating leadership expectations with service and quality standards across the organization. Our expected outcome ­ to create great places for patients to receive care, physicians to practice medicine and employees to work. Recent surveys show that this standardized and centralized program is working. Physician satisfaction surveys have shown a five percent improvement in satisfaction and we have seen a six percent improvement in our employee satisfaction results. We also initiated an hourly rounding program for our nursing staff, as well as a discharge call back program in our Emergency Department. All of these efforts advance our commitment to deliver personalized, caring and efficient service to our patients. Clinical excellence and quality matter at Community Health Systems. We are required to report standards of care in the form of core measures on a quarterly basis. These measures track a variety of evidence-based

standards of care that have been shown to improve clinical outcomes. Since core measures were implemented in 2007, we have seen consistent and measurable quarterly improvements. Our financial results for 2009 also give us confidence that our strategies are working. Revenues for the year were a record $12.1 billion, surpassing the previous year's record of $10.9 billion by eleven percent. We produced 25 percent growth in earnings from continuing operations for 2009 to $2.64 per diluted share from $2.11 per diluted share the prior year. Our results also reflect the success of our centralized operating strategy as evidenced by six percent annual same-store revenue growth and solid margin expansion. While we are proud of our financial accomplishments, we believe our proven ability to enhance the level of healthcare in the communities we serve is the determining measure of our success. We have continued to focus on operational excellence at the individual hospital level in all of our markets, especially at our more recently acquired facilities. Our success as an operator is supported by a proven standardized business model that leverages the size and scope of our operations to drive both economies of scale and effectively utilize our capital. Year after year, and even in challenging market conditions, we have continued to drive efficiencies, recruit and retain qualified physicians, and implement best practices in all of our hospitals. In conjunction with our focus on operations, we made significant capital investments in 2009 to enhance the level of healthcare and improve the patient experience in certain markets. Each of our hospitals is characterized by its own unique strengths and challenges as it seeks to serve the needs of its respective community. At the same time, we see opportunity in these markets and believe our ongoing commitment to make the appropriate

As we acknowledge our many accomplishments in 2009, we are also incredibly proud of the dedication and commitment to excellence reflected in our hospitals across the country.
W
A Y N E

T .

S

M I T H

capital investments for organic growth has continued to drive market share expansion. In 2009, we spent over $577 million on major capital improvement projects, including emergency department renovations, surgical suite expansions and diagnostic radiology projects. These investments are commensurate with our mission to enhance the local hospital facilities and capture more healthcare dollars in the communities we serve. The most fundamental relationship in healthcare rests between the doctor and the patient. With this in mind, we clearly recognize the vital role that physicians play in ensuring the success of a local community hospital and keeping healthcare services close to home. At Community Health Systems, we place a high emphasis on identifying and recruiting qualified physicians to join our medical staffs. Our efforts paid off in 2009 as we added a record 1,679 new physicians, including a high ratio of clinical specialists, to our roster. Since inception, Community Health Systems has consistently identified new market opportunities and moved to make suitable hospital acquisitions. Over time, these acquisitions have fueled our growth with a proven track record of improving both the financial results and the overall quality of our acquired facilities. Following the acquisition of 50 hospitals in 2007, we tempered the pace of our acquisition strategy and focused more intently on successfully integrating those facilities and driving additional value from our existing markets. However, we have continued to assess selective market opportunities as they present themselves. Our market assessment led us to complete the acquisition of three additional hospital facilities in 2009. Additionally, at the end of 2009, a subsidiary entered into an affiliation agreement with Rockwood Clinic, P.S., a multi-specialty clinic with 32 locations across the Inland Northwest region of the State of Washington. Rockwood Clinic employs over 130 physicians offering care in more than

30 medical specialties. This affiliation agreement presents an exciting opportunity to lay the groundwork for a fully-integrated healthcare delivery system that will expand and further enhance the quality of healthcare services available to residents of this region. While we will continue to pursue similar market opportunities, our primary focus for 2010 will be on leveraging our existing assets and improving our operations by executing on the key areas for success in our business ­ an effective centralized operating model, disciplined expense management, a successful physician recruitment program, and strategic capital investments. As we acknowledge our many accomplishments in 2009, we are also incredibly proud of the dedication and commitment to excellence reflected in our hospitals across the country. We are very grateful to the many people associated with Community Health Systems ­ our proven management team and board of directors, and especially our unrivaled team of dedicated physicians, nurses and all other hospital employees who continue to aspire to the highest standard of care. We must also thank the people who live and work in the communities we serve -- for giving us the opportunity to earn their trust every day. While we acknowledge the changing dynamics in today's healthcare marketplace, we remain confident in our ability to execute and look forward to the year ahead for Community Health Systems. Finally, we thank our fellow stockholders for the support your investment provides. Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

