Letter to Stockholders
Looking back at 2016, it was a transitional period for Community Health Systems--a time to reshape our portfolio and reset our course for the future. Change, almost inevitably, is disruptive, producing short-term challenges. This was true for us as our performance fell short of expectations during the first three quarters. We saw better results in the fourth quarter of 2016, as some of the strategic initiatives we put into place started to improve our performance. We believe these strategies will position the company for long-term success, and, ultimately, better results.
Portfolio optimization was an area of intense focus. In April, we completed the spin-off of 38 affiliated hospitals and our healthcare consulting and management business to create Quorum Health Corporation. These were predominantly smaller hospitals operating in rural communities. We sold our portion of a joint venture in Las Vegas, Nevada in May 2016, and a majority interest in our home care business in December 2016. In the second quarter of 2016, we began work on a series of transactions that will further refine our portfolio to core markets where we see the best opportunity for future growth. We believe this will reduce our debt, improve our debt leverage ratios, and increase stockholder value. In addition to creating a more streamlined organization, we are using proceeds from these divestitures to pay down debt. During 2016, we reduced long-term debt from $16.6 billion to $14.8 billion and expect additional reduction in 2017. Reshaping our organization enables a sharper focus on our most attractive and sustainable markets where we can invest capital, improve access, intensify outpatient services, build our acute care service lines and earn greater market share. To this end, last year, we opened new freestanding emergency departments in several markets and added urgent care and ambulatory surgery centers in others. As we move forward, we will deploy capital in support of both our outpatient and inpatient business. We are also highly focused on consumer-oriented investments that improve the overall patient experience. One hallmark of our success over the past many years has been our ability to recruit physicians to the communities we serve. Following strong recruitment and hiring activity in 2015 and the first half of 2016, we reduced our recruitment target in the second half of 2016. While still focusing on necessary positions and capitalizing on

2C O M M U N I T Y H E A LT H S Y S T E M S , I N C .

SERIOUS SAFETY EVENT RATE
Through September 30, 2016, our Legacy hospitals (those operated since before 2014) have reduced Serious Safety Events by 79.9 percent since April 2013 and our hospitals that we acquired after 2013 have reduced Serious Safety Events by 29.6 percent since June 2015, using techniques from high-risk industries like nuclear power and aviation to create inherently safe hospital environments.

recruitment opportunities, we turned more of our attention to achieving higher levels of productivity in existing practices. We ended the year with approximately 3,000 employed physicians and over 1,000 employed mid-level providers. More than 20,000 physicians serve on our medical staffs and there are 120,000 employees across our organization. Throughout the year, these caring women and men engage with millions of patients who rely on our healthcare services, restoring health, providing comfort and improving lives in the communities we serve. High-quality, safe patient care is our most important work and the highest measure of achievement. It's a source of pride that we've now reduced the Serious Safety Event rate 79.9% since the baseline set in April 2013 in our Legacy hospitals (those operated since before 2014). We're on a similar positive trajectory in hospitals acquired after 2013, which have reduced their Serious Safety Event rate by 29.6% since the baseline was set at those hospitals in the second quarter of 2015. Other measures of quality continue to demonstrate our commitment to clinical excellence and a positive patient experience. As always, our operations and investments have a positive impact on the communities we serve. In 2016, we invested nearly $750 million to improve our facilities, expand services, and bring leading medical technologies to our patients. Millions more were paid in taxes that support healthier local economies. In many places where we operate, our hospital is the largest employer. And, for those who can't afford healthcare, we provided $3.7 billion in charity, discounts and uncompensated care in 2016. As our industry continues to evolve, we are adapting to the changing healthcare continuum. We believe all Americans should have access to health insurance, and, like all providers, we continue to advocate for public policy that provides coverage and access to healthcare services.

2 0 1 6 A N N U A L R E P O R T 3

"Reshaping our organization enables a sharper focus on our most attractive and sustainable markets where we can invest capital, improve access, intensify outpatient services, build our acute care service lines and earn greater market share."

Our 2016 adjusted EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization) was over $2.2 billion and our earnings per share from continuing operations excluding adjustments was $0.46. Our adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was over $1.15 billion in 2016, which was up 11% compared to our 2015 performance. Despite our challenges, we ended 2016 stronger than we began the year and remain convinced that our strategies are right--they will produce an even healthier company over time, as well as long-term value. We thank you, our stockholders, for your patience during this past year and assure you we are working to earn your trust and confidence every day as we move forward. I also want to thank our Board of Directors for its steadfast support. I appreciate our hospital, practice and corporate leaders who are working hard to deliver solid results. And, as always, I extend my deepest gratitude to the physicians and mid-level providers, nurses and other medical professionals, and all of the employees who support our most important priority--to provide quality patient care. Sincerely,

WAYNE T. SMITH Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

4C O M M U N I T Y H E A LT H S Y S T E M S , I N C .

