Letter to Shareholders
commitment to improve the quality of healthcare for the people who live and work in these communities. At the same time, we have continued to focus on our ultimate objective of bringing healthcare close to home ­ where it should be. This has also made us a highly successful company by financial measures. In 2007, our total net operating revenues reached over $7.1 billion, and we reported net income of $30.3 million, or $0.32 per share (diluted). Our consolidated financial results for the year reflect a 50.4 percent increase in total admissions compared with the prior year, primarily due to the hospitals we acquired during 2007, including the Triad acquisition. On a same-store basis, net operating revenues increased 4.2 percent, compared with the prior year. On a same-store basis, admissions decreased 1.1 percent, compared with 2006, reflecting a more challenging industry environment. The Triad acquisition marks a significant milestone for our organization and establishes us as the largest publicly traded hospital management company in the United States. This acquisition complements our focus on non-urban hospital facilities by adding mid-size markets to our national footprint. Our hospitals have strong positions in each of their respective markets and are geographically diversified, which minimizes our operating risk as no one state represents a disproportionate percentage of our revenues or earnings. We strongly believe that the non-urban and the mid-size markets represent the most attractive growth opportunity for the future. We are the sole provider of general acute care hospital services in approximately 65 percent of our markets, giving us a distinct advantage over those large urban providers who must address intense competition. Our operating strategy has always been built around developing standardized and centralized business practices across most aspects of our business. As a result, we have a business model in place that has proven, over time, to be an important driver in improving revenue and operating performance at both our existing and acquired facilities. As we continue to integrate the Triad hospitals, we will focus our expertise on the further expansion of this model to drive improved returns on these additional assets. Since the completion of the acquisition, we have been able to identify operating synergies including improved supply costs, more centralized and targeted physician recruiting and a more efficient allocation of capital. As we continue to identify areas of improvement, we are also mindful of the need to effect these changes while maintaining strong physician and community relationships. Physician recruitment has always been an important area of focus for our company ensuring the long-term success of our hospitals. Perhaps more than any other single factor, the strength of the medical staff and its member's ability to make the critical daily decisions for patient care are vital to the performance of the local

W A Y N E T. S M I T H Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Since becoming a public company in 2000, Community Health Systems, Inc. has continued to build momentum with an impressive record of profitable growth. In 2007, this momentum increased at an unprecedented pace, driven by our acquisition of Triad Hospitals, Inc., as we substantially increased our overall scale and market reach. Today, we are proud of our distinction as the largest operator of general acute care hospitals in non-urban and mid-size markets in the United States. We believe we have created an opportunity to build on our past success and leverage these acquired assets to deliver greater value to our shareholders. We believe the true measure of our success is reflected in the manner in which we have built our business, and the favorable reputation we have developed in the marketplace. Community Health Systems, Inc. is a company built on trust ­ a trust we have created as the result of our relationships with the communities we serve and our unwavering

community hospital. The addition of qualified physicians creates the opportunity for increased admissions in our hospitals and, in particular, the availability of physicians in various specialties allows more patients to obtain healthcare services at the local level instead of traveling to an urban facility. Additionally, access to more specialty services further drives the necessary revenues that sustain the hospitals' operations. With respect to physician recruitment, we employ the same centralized process that has proven successful in other aspects of our operations. In 2007, we had another outstanding recruiting effort as we added a total of 769 new practitioners, representing a variety of clinical specialties, to our hospitals. Additionally, we are pleased with the enthusiastic reception we have received by the medical staffs at the former Triad facilities and we look forward to working together in our common mission to enhance the level of healthcare in their respective markets. Approximately 20 percent of the physicians recruited in 2007 were placed in former Triad facilities. We believe our physician recruitment initiatives and appropriate strategic investments in the type of physical plant and equipment and clinical services that attract and retain physicians, will continue to serve us well as we integrate the Triad facilities. As always, our goal is to seek out the best practitioners in their respective fields who not only raise the level of care in our hospitals, but also become an integral part of the community.

Since inception, Community Health Systems, Inc. has been highly successful in executing an aggressive acquisition strategy with a proven track record of improving operations at acquired facilities. Now, with that same execution, we are working diligently to ensure that the Triad hospitals we acquired continue to advance toward reaching their full potential. While this represents a challenge, it is an even more significant opportunity. Our track record demonstrates that we are well positioned to make the most of that opportunity with favorable results. Our proven ability to deliver on our promise and foster positive community relations has been, and will continue to be, a distinct competitive advantage for Community Health Systems. In addition to the acquisition of the Triad hospitals, we acquired two other hospitals in 2007. While we expect to be disciplined acquirers again in the future, our strategic focus for 2008 will be on pursuing growth opportunities within our existing markets through disciplined capital spending programs focused on achieving both a favorable level of financial and operating performance and higher patient satisfaction. Toward that end, along with bringing new physicians to our communities, we will continue to make appropriate investments in new equipment, technologies and clinical services for our hospitals. Our definitive goal for all of these initiatives is the same - to provide a hospital that more effectively and conveniently meets the unique needs of its market.

Ultimately, Community Health System Inc.'s prospects for long-term growth and increased shareholder value rest on the collective strength of our individual hospitals and the many dedicated physicians, nurses and hospital administrators who work and live in the communities we serve. We are very proud of the team that represents our facilities in the market every day with our shared vision to enhance the level of healthcare in more communities. The clearest reflection of the caliber of this team is our long-term record of success and the commitment demonstrated by everyone associated with Community Health Systems in 2007 by delivering an outstanding performance in what proved to be a pivotal year for the Company. We intend to build on this success in 2008 and look forward to the opportunities ahead as we continue to build shareholder value. We close by thanking you, our fellow shareholders, for the support your investment provides.

Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

