L e t t e r

t o

S h a r e h o l d e r s

W. LARRY CASH Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

WAYNE T. SMITH Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

We are pleased to report that Community Health Systems extended its record of profitable growth in 2005. Our focus on operational excellence and commitment to enhancing the level of healthcare in communities across the nation reflect the underlying values that have shaped our continued success. These same values have served to consistently position the Company at the top of our industry as a leading operator of non-urban hospitals. During 2005, Community Health Systems achieved a number of accomplishments and continued to set a high standard for success. With over 16 percent annual revenue growth resulting in record revenues of $3.7 billion, net income from continuing operations up 17 percent and earnings per share from continuing operations up 24.7 percent, we again demonstrated our ability to meet our financial targets in 2005, while selectively acquiring new hospitals and building the foundation for future success. The consolidated financial results for 2005 also reflect strong volume trends with a 9.1 percent increase in total admissions and a 9.0 percent increase in adjusted admissions, which factor in outpatient visits, compared with 2004. In addition to our strong organic growth, we acquired five new hospitals in 2005 while at the same time optimizing our hospital portfolio through selected divestitures. Finally, we delivered another year of improved earnings to our shareholders as net income increased 10.6 percent to $167.5 million, or $1.79 per share (diluted), compared with $151.4 million, or $1.51 per share (diluted), for 2004. These results confirm our ability to execute and demonstrate a strong commitment to continually raising our standards of performance. The key drivers for success in our business are readily apparent ­ an effective centralized and standardized operating platform, a disciplined acquisition strategy, a strong asset base, a successful physician recruitment program and a favorable reputation in the marketplace. However, we believe the true measure of our success is best reflected in the communities we serve. As we continue to focus on our mission to build a solid network of non-urban hospitals and enhance the level of healthcare in each of these communities, we meet our ultimate objective of bringing healthcare close to home ­ where it should be. Our success in the marketplace has continued to gain national recognition. Notably, for the third year in a row, Community Health Systems was included in Forbes Magazine's prestigious ranking of its "Platinum 400," an annual listing of the best big companies in America, which was published on January 9, 2006. Inclusion in this prestigious listing is drawn from more than 1,000 publicly traded companies in 26 sectors with revenues of at least $1 billion. The companies are then judged against their peers for sales and earnings per share growth as well as return on capital in both the past year and previous five years. We are delighted to again join the ranks of this select group of companies that excel in their respective industries. Forbes' selection of us is a testament to the strength of our business, the successful execution of our strategy and the shared vision of everyone associated with our hospitals across the country. Each Community Health Systems hospital benefits from our platform of standardized and centralized business practices. As we have continued to

Above all, well-managed community hospitals are vital to keeping quality healthcare close to home.
acquire new facilities and assimilate them into our system, we have realized greater operating efficiencies while driving up volumes and improving revenues. Additionally, we have consistently improved the overall profitability of these hospitals. At the same time, we have created an opportunity to capture services that were previously sent out of the market. Our same-store growth metrics are a key indicator that this operating strategy is working. On a same-store basis, net operating revenues increased 9.0 percent, admissions increased 2.1 percent and adjusted admissions increased 1.8 percent in 2005 compared with the same metrics a year ago. At Community Health Systems, we are mindful of the critical role that hospitals play in the local community, not only as a provider of essential healthcare services, but as one of the largest employers and as a valuable resource for social and economic development. Above all, well-managed community hospitals are vital to keeping quality healthcare close to home. Therefore, we make it a top priority to work closely with the community to create a mutually beneficial partnership that maintains local involvement while providing the necessary resources to expand the level and scope of essential healthcare services, recruit physicians and enhance technology. The acquisition of a new hospital is only the first step for Community Health Systems. As we enter a new market, we view each acquisition as an investment in the facility ­ and more importantly ­ an investment in the community at large. In 2005, we invested $200 million in capital projects designed to improve hospital services and the level of care provided at our facilities across the country. These initiatives strategically position our hospitals to meet the increase in patient demand that we expect to see in many of the communities we serve. Our acquisition pace has been exceptionally strong and we continued to extend our market reach in 2005 with the addition of five new hospitals. We have established a track record for not only finding hospitals that fit our criteria, but we have been highly successful in assimilating these facilities into our system with solid results. As a partner in the local community, we recognize that the success of our business is not measured strictly in financial terms. We believe we have built trust with our community partners and with that trust comes a responsibility to ensure that our hospitals achieve or maintain their position as the health care provider of choice in their respective markets. Our proven ability to deliver on our promises and foster positive community relations has continued to be a distinct competitive advantage for Community Health Systems. Looking ahead, we see a growing number of hospitals that want a proven operator to provide the resources that will enable them to deliver quality healthcare close to home. We believe our track record is the best indicator for our future success and we will continue to look for opportunities to selectively acquire new hospitals and extend our value proposition to more communities. While our acquisition strategy is obviously a key driver of our growth, we should note that our existing portfolio of hospitals also represents substantial growth potential for Community Health Systems. During 2005, Community Health Systems continued building a culture that attracts and retains dedicated healthcare professionals who share our commitment to the communities we serve. We recognize that both successful physician recruitment and clinical mix improvement are key elements to keeping healthcare close to home. Our aggressive physician recruitment efforts have played an important role in our continued success and we successfully recruited 534 new physicians in our markets in 2005. Over 60 percent of these new physicians are specialists, which is critical to our ability to expand clinical services in both new and existing markets. We continue to seek out practitioners in their respective fields who not only improve the level of care in our hospitals, but also become an integral part of the community at large. These physicians have enabled Community Health Systems hospitals to provide a continuum of quality, cost-effective healthcare and meet our primary objective to keep more patients and revenues within the local community. We are very proud of our accomplishments over the past year and look forward to moving the Company forward in meeting the challenges of the future. We recognize that our ability to sustain our success depends on the dedication and commitment of everyone associated with Community Health Systems ­ from our board of directors to the many physicians, nurses and other employees who are essential to our mission. We also know that the people in the communities we serve each and every day are the cornerstone of the Company's success and our future, and we are grateful for the trust they have placed in us. As we enter our seventh year as a public company, we are ever mindful of the need to balance our enthusiasm for our business and the communities we serve with our objective to build enduring value for our shareholders. We expect to continue our growth in 2006, demonstrating our belief in the opportunities before us and our confidence in executing our strategy. Thank you for the support your investment provides. Sincerely,

Wayne T. Smith Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

W. Larry Cash Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

