 Dear investors
Thomas F. Farrell II • Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Integrity in performance—doing what we say and doing it right—is the single most important legacy we carry to the future.
 12 Dominion 2009

   When we make promises, we work hard to deliver.
We reduced risk, saying at the time that would result in earnings and dividend growth and would main- tain or improve credit ratings. Even during tumultu- ous economic times, Dominion made good.
Integrity in performance—doing what we say and doing it right—is the single most important legacy we carry to the future. Preserve that and combine it with superior operations, new energy technologies, environmental stewardship and community service —and Dominion will continue to do well.
Meeting 2009 Operating Earnings Targets In 2009, a year of continued economic uncertainty, we earned $3.27 per share*in operating earnings, up from 2008’s $3.16 per share,* and met our target of $3.20 per share to $3.30 per share. Our 2009 earnings under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) were $2.17, down from $3.16 per share reported in 2008.
Our guidance for 2010, consistent with our previ- ous outlook, anticipates operating earnings of $3.20 to $3.40 per share.**
Dominion’s total return to investors in 2009 amount- ed to 14.5 percent. This measure of our stock’s price appreciation or depreciation over a given year, plus your dividend, compared to 12.5 percent yielded in 2009 by the Dow Jones Utility Average, a group of 15 utility stocks including Dominion. The Dow
Dominion’s total return to investors in 2009 amounted to 14.5 percent. This measure of our stock’s price appre- ciation or depreciation over a given year, plus your dividend, compared to 12.5 percent yielded in 2009 by the Dow Jones Utility Average...
Jones Industrial Average provided a 22.7 percent total return, while the S&P 500 produced a 26.5 percent return.
Returning More Earnings as Dividends In October 2007, your Board of Directors set a goal of achiev- ing a 55 percent dividend payout ratio by 2010. The board and management believed that returning val- ue to shareholders at that higher percentage would be more appropriate given Dominion’s continued migration toward a more regulated business model.
We ended last year with our payout ratio nearing 54 percent of operating earnings.* In early 2010, your board declared a 4.6 percent increase in its quarterly dividend—an annual rate of $1.83 per share of common stock compared to $1.75 in 2009—and reaffirmedits goal to reach a 55 percent payout ratio in 2010. This increase built on the past two years, when your board raised the annual dividend payout
*Based on Non-GAAP Financial Measures. See page 25 for GAAP Reconciliations.
**See page 25 for GAAP Reconciliation of 2010 Operating Earn- ings Guidance.
Total Return Comparison
Percent
Through Dec. 31, 2009
1 Year Total Return 3 Year Total Return 5 Year Total Return
Source: Bloomberg
39.80
42.20
22.70
-2.49
40 26.47 30 50
    14.52
5.11
12.54
10.11
20 2.10 10
             Dominion
Dow Jones Utility
-9.06 DJIA
-15.94 S&P 500
-10
-20 0
2009 Dominion 13

by 11 percent in both 2008 and 2009. Expect more dividend increases in line with our payout ratio goals in coming years, subject to board approval.
Superior Operations, Safety Performance Safety re- mains our No. 1 priority. In 2009, Dominion’s U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration recordable incident rate equaled that of 2008, af- ter five straight years of steady improvement. Our goal is perfection, which employees at our Sweeney natural gas operations in Lewis County, W.Va., have achieved. They now have gone more than 50 years —half a century—without experiencing a lost-time injury, a company record.
Operationally, our nuclear generation fleet, consis- tently one of the nation’s best run programs, contin- ued its superb operations in 2009, with a capacity factor of 93.1 percent, including planned refueling outages. This is the highest combined level since 2005, when the last of our seven units was acquired. Our generators fueled by fossil sources and hydro- electric power had an equivalent forced outage rate of 3.52 percent—and a record best 3.31 percent for
Last year, we gained on key goals that further advance the transformation of Dominion. We are closer now to be- coming a more regulated company, with the prospects for more stable streams of revenue.
the Virginia Power fleet. In terms of the ultimate reliability of service, Dominion Virginia Power re- duced its average customer minutes without power to 110 minutes for the 12 months ended 2009, the lowest level since 2001, an availability of nearly 100 percent, excluding outages caused by major storms. Our call center’s average speed with which it re- sponds to customer inquiries remained steady at 48 seconds.
Further Transforming Dominion Into a More Regulated Company Last year, we gained on key goals that fur- ther advance the transformation of Dominion. We are closer now to becoming a more regulated com- pany, with the prospects for more stable streams of revenue.
We have reduced our exposure to volatile commod- ity prices through prudent hedging of output by our merchant generation fleet and at our Appalachian- based natural gas and oil exploration and production business unit. Even with softer commodity prices, the amount of production we have hedged in 2010 sup- ports our earnings targets. As we have stressed for years, our merchant fleet in the Midwest promotes revenue stability through existing long-term power- supply agreements and prudent hedging strategies.
And, as always, we are exploring efficiency mea- sures and changes to our business practices that will result in cost reductions in 2010, while maintaining our high standards of performance consistent with public and regulatory expectations.
Targeted Dividend Increase*
Recent increase is consistent
with our 2010 targeted payout ratio of 55%.
Dollars per Share
*All dividend declarations subject to Board of Directors approval.
55% Payout Ratio
1.75 1.83
    1.38
1.46
1.58
   14 Dominion 2009
2006
2007
2008 2009
2010*

While weaker commodity prices and declining power sales are affecting the entire sector, we have the con- tinuing good fortune to serve one of the nation’s best regional economies, with demand for new energy and new infrastructure still growing.
Further Minimizing Variables, Underscoring Depend- ability Dominion has essentially become a “regu- lated plus” business model, one that does not get whip-sawed by factors beyond our control. Some things about the power business we will never com- mand—Mother Nature, for one—but where we can minimize the effect of events and circumstances on our performance, we will.
Recall that when we sold substantially all of our E&P assets, the first and obvious question was: “Why?” The business made money. In fact, by the end of 2006, Dominion E&P represented 34 percent of our operating earnings.
But our E&P operations on the Gulf Coast, in the Rockies, in Canada and elsewhere seldom provided earnings as consistently or as predictably as we and our investors preferred. Today, with more than half of our operating earnings coming from state- and federally regulated energy businesses, we can chart the course ahead with greater certainty and, conse-
Dominion is headquartered in Richmond, Va., and serves more than 5 million customer accounts in the mid-Atlantic, Midwest and Northeast.
quently, with better results. Operating earnings are growing, dividends are increasing, and our credit ratings are remaining stable and strong.
Continued Economic Strength in Our Electric Utility Franchise Service Area As I freely admit, we deliver our promises with terrific home-court, natural advantages.
While weaker commodity prices and declining pow- er sales are affecting the entire sector, we have the continuing good fortune to serve one of the nation’s best regional economies, with demand for new en- ergy and new infrastructure still growing.
At our service area core is Virginia—one of the na- tion’s most durable state economies. CNBC calls Virginia America’s “Top State for Business.” Forbes’ Web site has weighed in with a “Best State for Business” distinction for the Old Dominion.
Long a principal venue for national military and intelligence centers—including the Pentagon, the world’s largest naval base in Norfolk and the only U.S. location capable of aircraft carrier construction —Virginia began emerging a couple of decades ago as the global hub of Internet activity. Today, more than 50 percent of the nation’s Web traffic flows through 36 data centers in the portions of Northern Virginia served by Dominion Virginia Power. Collectively these data centers require an enormous amount of electricity—enough to power nearly 325,000 average residential households.
Trolley cars rolled through Richmond for almost 100 years. This photograph, look- ing west from 11th Street, shows a car along Main Street in the early 20th Century.
  2009 Dominion 15

31,000 New Connections in 2009 Even in turbulent 2009, Dominion Virginia Power connected more than 31,000 new accounts—down from 37,000 new connects in 2008 and nearly 50,000 in 2007. Yet, the regional transmission organization, PJM In- terconnection, forecasts that peak demand for elec- tricity will grow faster in Dominion’s service area than anywhere else in its 13-state PJM footprint, which includes Washington, D.C.—about 5,600 megawatts over the course of the next decade. To put that figure into perspective, 5,600 megawatts is enough electricity to power 1.4 million average American homes.
However well Virginia is withstanding the nation- al economic pressures, other states are lagging by comparison. As you know, a substantial portion of our energy infrastructure lies outside Virginia— as well as a substantial portion of our earnings, which come from merchant power stations in the Northeast and the Midwest and from a growing natural gas pipeline, storage and distribution system. I believe the jury is still out on whether the nation will see serious economic recovery in 2010. A rough consensus of economic wisdom does not have the U.S. economy roaring back, fueled by pent- up demand. A more likely scenario has recovery coming in fits and starts.
So sitting back and hoping for the economy to do something will hardly suffice as a strategy. Better, we think, to do for ourselves and seek the finan- cial performance we deem essential to our shareholders’ interests and ex- pectations.
So sitting back and hoping for the economy to do something will hardly suffice as a strategy. Better, we think, to do for ourselves and seek the financial performance we deem essential to our shareholders’ interests and expectations. Though uncertainty may prevail, the current circumstances do not diminish the potential of emerging opportunities—opportu- nities we must and will seize.
Constructive Utility Regulation in Virginia Virginia has adopted a forward-looking system for regulating electric utilities. It balances the economic interests of our utility customers and our utility’s need to attract investment capital on competitive market terms for needed capital projects.
In early 2010, the Virginia State Corporation Com- mission (SCC) was reviewing our proposal to estab- lish new base rates that will be in effect in Virginia for at least a four-year period. We were pleased to
Motorman W.E. Blanton, pictured in the issue of Public Service News below, avoided a serious collision by “keeping a level head and using it.”
Jim Hamilton, left, often shared ideas about
“Farming Better—Electrically” with farmers in Virginia’s Allegheny region. He retired in 1994 after 62 years with the company.
Safety has always been a priority at Dominion. Below, Richmond employees raise the VEPCO Safety Flag in 1931. They won the contest and earned the right to fly the flag for a year.
    16 Dominion 2009

reach a proposed settlement with the Virginia attor- ney general, SCC staff and all other major parties in late February that would set our utility’s return on equity for base rates at 11.9 percent through at least the first biennial review in 2011. No final rul- ing from the SCC had occurred by press time.
Recall that Virginia’s rules also enable your com- pany to recover financing costs for major construc- tion projects now under way and to earn premium returns on equity above the utility’s general rate of return. Our utility is recovering costs of its system modernization and expansion on a timely basis with competitive returns through stand-alone rate adjustment clauses associated with specific projects. This is a critical consideration in attracting invest- ment capital from today’s very competitive capital markets.
These adjustment clauses (called “riders”) are al- ready in place for the company’s two largest ongo- ing construction projects—a clean coal facility in Southwest Virginia (Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center) and a natural gas-fired station in Central Virginia (Bear Garden). The SCC sets rates on cur- rent recovery of the financing costs of these projects during construction, independent of the base rate proceedings. In connection with the proposed base
rate settlement, the Virginia attorney general, SCC staff and all other major parties in late February agreed to a proposal awaiting final SCC approval that would provide for a 12.3 percent return on eq- uity on these two projects. Another rider is now in effect covering costs associated with operating our transmission system, including expansions outlined in this report.
Customers also would benefit under the proposed settlement—at a time when they need money the most. In sum, they will get more than $700 million in credits and savings, mainly in the years 2010, 2011 and 2012. A typical residential household using 1,000 kilowatt-hours of electricity a month would see an 8.9 percent reduction in 2010 com- pared to their bill in March 2009.
And during those same important years, your com- pany will be positioned to attract large amounts of investment capital to expand our system to meet our region’s future demand for energy.
Positioning Ourselves for Growth in 2010 and Be- yond Over the next three years, we expect to invest $6.6 billion in growth capital expenditures, pri- marily in regulated infrastructure—$4.5 billion of which will be used to improve electric reliability in the company’s Virginia service area.
Early in 2009, the Dominion Foundation announced a
$1 million grant to Virginia Union University in Richmond, Va. The grant is being disbursed over a four-year period. It will support the Agenda for a New Era of Excellence Campaign.
The bustling campus of Virginia Commonwealth University in downtown Richmond, Va. The company’s nuclear operating unit
has contributed $30,000 to the university’s nuclear engineering program.
VEPCO President Jack Holtz- claw (third from right) and Richmond Mayor J. Fulmer Bright visited a city orphan- age during the 1931 Com- munity Fund drive.
   2009 Dominion 17

More than 90 percent of Dominion’s planned growth capital investments are in the category of regulated assets and, as such, would afford us the opportunity to earn competitive authorized rates of return. More than half of these regulated projects would qualify for premiums on top of base returns on equity. Cash recovery mechanisms are also in place for timely re- imbursement of financing costs incurred during the multi-year construction periods.
Financing Construction With Prudent Balance of Debt, Equity These planned regulated growth assets will serve customers and shareholders, in many cases, for 40 or more years. During the construction period we must obtain capital to finance the expendi- tures. We intend to do so in a balanced manner, issuing both debt and equity in amounts appropri- ate to maintain our financial profile.
Through this period of significant capital investment, we expect to meet earnings and dividend payout tar- gets, and maintain appropriate credit ratings. We an- ticipate an estimated $400 million in planned equity
Through this period of significant capi- tal investment, we expect to meet earn- ings and dividend payout targets, and maintain appropriate credit ratings.
needs in 2010. We expect to eliminate this need to is- sue common stock by using after-tax proceeds gained from our plans to monetize Marcellus Shale, which I will discuss later in this letter. The company plans to buy shares to satisfy employee savings plans and direct stock purchase plans, including our dividend reinvestment plan, among other programs, through market purchases.
Reducing Debt, Maintaining Strong Credit Ratings In addition to E&P, other asset sales have played, and are expected to play, an important part of our trans- formation.
In early 2010, we completed our long-planned sale of Dominion Peoples, the natural gas distribution com- pany in Pennsylvania serving about 359,000 homes and businesses. The sales price was approximately $780 million, adjusted for changes in working capital, capital expenditures as well as affiliate borrowings, yielding approximately $542 million in after-tax proceeds. The proceeds were used to reduce debt. We ended our effort to sell Dominion Hope, our natural gas distribution company in West Virginia that serves about 117,000 customer accounts. Following a decision by that state’s regu- latory authority to deny the sale, we reintegrated Dominion Hope into our remaining broader natural gas distribution business.
In 1959, Systems Operator J.B. Korte worked at a new computer in the Systems Operation Center (SOC). The map board measured 6 feet by 14 feet.
Today’s SOC has state-of-the- art systems and practices
in analysis and training that were company standards before they became industry standards.
Electric power transmission expansion is a critical part of our business plan.
Crews constructing an electric transmission tower in Virginia’s fast-growing service area.
    18 Dominion 2009

Through a turbulent economic year, we maintained our strong credit ratings and access to the short- and long-term credit markets. We manage our cash cov- erage ratios and balance sheets to targets that are appropriate for the company to maintain and en- hance its credit ratings over the various stages of the construction and cash recovery cycle.
In 2009, credit markets improved for large busi- nesses. This reduced our financing costs compared to earlier expectations and had a positive impact on 2009 earnings. We expect continued benefits to be reflected in 2010 earnings. Moreover, we took advantage of historically low treasury rates by en- tering into pre-issuance interest rate hedges at at- tractive levels for anticipated debt issuances in 2009 and 2010. The transactions have yielded positive results.
Of course, our access to the capital markets depends principally on our credit ratings. The rating agencies S&P, Fitch, and Moody’s rated Dominion Resources senior unsecured debt A-minus, BBB-plus and Baa2, respectively. Each maintains a “stable” outlook on its rating. The agencies rate Virginia Electric and
In short, we plan to use a prudent balance of debt and equity to build on a foundation of energy efficiency, new electric generation fueled by di- verse sources and investments in trans- mission and distribution projects.
Power Company senior unsecured debt A-minus, A-minus and Baa1, respectively—Moody’s with a positive outlook; the others with stable outlooks.
Further evidence of investors’ confidence in our com- pany’s creditworthiness: The cost to investors of buy- ing protection against possible adverse credit events at Dominion ranks among the lowest of the utilities included in the most widely referenced index of such costs.
In short, we plan to use a prudent balance of debt and equity to build on a foundation of energy efficiency, new electric generation fueled by diverse sources and investments in transmission and distri- bution projects.
Expected Drivers of Earnings Growth You can find projects and timelines for our construction program in the front of this year’s Summary Annual Report,
Dominion is receiving premium rates of return on 11 transmission projects under construction in Virginia, the fastest-growing state
in the 13-state PJM grid. Regulators want to promote needed investment in essen- tial infrastructure.
    2009 Dominion 19

broken out by maps of each of our three operating units, beginning on page 4 and continuing through page 11. Among those expected to make substantial future contributions are:
• Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center in Southwest Virginia, which is more than 50 percent complete. Once operational in 2012, the $1.8 billion clean- coal station will be able to generate 585 megawatts and will be one of the cleanest coal generating facili- ties in the nation. Among other features, it will use renewable wood biomass for at least 10 percent of its fuel.
• Bear Garden, a 580-megawatt natural gas-fired facility that is half complete. It is estimated to cost about $619 million, and operation is expected in 2011.
• Two major electric transmission projects in Virginia—the Meadow Brook-to-Loudoun line and Carson-to-Suffolk line—which are on schedule to be in service in 2011. They are the two largest of 11 projects representing about $877 million of investment qualifying for enhanced rates of return (12.65–12.9 percent) set by the Federal Energy Regu- latory Commission (FERC). Regulators want to pro- mote needed investment in essential infrastructure.
• Dominion Cove Point, one of the nation’s larg- est liquefied natural gas (LNG) facilities, which, in 2009, completed a successful expansion that increased output by about 80 percent. This world- class natural gas import facility with ready access to
Natural gas transmission pipeline expansions are another critical part of our business plan.
Dominion Cove Point, one of the na- tion’s largest liquefied natural gas facilities, in 2009 completed a suc- cessful expansion that increased output by about 80 percent.
both the customers and the storage areas that make up the world’s largest natural gas market has three customers—BP Energy, Royal Dutch Shell and Sta- toil Hydro—which contract Cove Point’s capacity to unload, store and process LNG. They pay Do- minion for their full contracted amount of capacity regardless of whether they actually use it. A subsid- iary of Statoil Hydro ASA has contracted for all of the new capacity. In early 2010, we began modi- fying and upgrading the facility’s offshore pier to enable it to receive the world’s largest, most modern LNG ships.
• Appalachian Gateway, a natural gas pipeline proj- ect that we began seeking regulatory approvals to construct, is designed to transport gas produced in West Virginia and southwestern Pennsylvania to stor- age fields and pipelines in Pennsylvania. Marcellus Shale and traditional production have increased the natural gas available from the Appalachian Basin. This project would lessen the bottleneck preventing some West Virginia and Pennsylvania gas production from getting to customers in the Northeast and mid-
The 1937 construction of New York State Natural Gas’s Line No. 8.
   20 Dominion 2009

Atlantic. The project is fully subscribed by output from Marcellus Shale production and other Appala- chian natural gas producers. If approved, the proj- ect would see construction begin in 2011, with an expected in-service date of 2012.
• Millstone Power Station, an uprate of 77 mega- watts. A nuclear facility, Millstone is the anchor of a Dominion merchant generating fleet that produced more than 20 percent of electric power generated in ISO-New England, the regional transmission entity serving that region, in 2009.
• A renewable portfolio expansion that includes the commercial operation of Fowler Ridge I Wind Farm, which is jointly owned by Dominion and BP Wind Energy. It entered service in 2009 and pro- duces 300 megawatts, enough electricity to power 75,000 residences and businesses. Dominion’s own- ership of wind farms under development or in op- eration would supply more than 900 megawatts of generating capacity to the grid. Overall, the compa- ny’s renewable portfolio exceeds 1,500 megawatts in operation or development.
Let me also point to another terrific naturaladvantageofourAppalachian E&P properties. We own a significant tract of Marcellus Shale acreage, an asset of emerging value that we ex- pect to monetize in 2010 and 2011.
A recent expansion at Domin- ion Cove Point in Southern Maryland nearly doubled the facility’s output.
• North Anna Power Station and Surry Power Sta- tion, where uprates over the next three years would result in more than 200 megawatts for the Virginia grid. At North Anna, we are also evaluating the ad- dition of a third nuclear reactor. This large-scale, car- bon-free source of electricity can have a positive im- pact on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
Marcellus Shale Acreage: Increasing Potential Value
I earlier referenced our strong home court economic advantages in Virginia. Let me also point to another terrific natural advantage of our Appalachian E&P properties. We own a significant tract of Marcellus Shale acreage, an asset of emerging value that we expect to monetize in 2010 and 2011.
We retained certain E&P properties following our sale of the vast majority of them in 2007. Our deci- sion to retain this portion of the business stemmed from our decades-long involvement in those prop- erties, their strategic location along our gas trans- mission and storage system, and their less-capital- intensive and more predictable earnings profile. The decision to keep Appalachian E&P is paying off.
As natural gas gains a more prominent role in the nation’s energy mix, record acreage prices are being paidbydevelopersseekingtoutilizethisincreasing- ly popular source. Now made economically acces- sible by advances in technology, the Marcellus Shale formation is believed to hold hundreds of trillions of cubic feet of recoverable natural gas. Moreover,
An LED streetlamp instal- lation in Charlottesville, Va. This is an important part of Dominion’s broader energy conservation aims.
   2009 Dominion 21

Dominion’s Marcellus acreage lies near storage and transmission infrastructure serving the energy-hun- gry Northeast.
In 2008, we leased out drilling rights on 117,000 acres in the Marcellus Shale formation to Antero Re- sources at a price of approximately $3,000 per acre, retaining a 7.5 percent royalty interest. Dominion owns the rights to an additional 450,000 acres of Marcellus formation acreage.
While we have no plans to develop this asset, we intend to monetize the acreage over the next two years, depending on market conditions. We expect to accomplish this through simple sales, farm-outs or similar transactions.
We plan to use the proceeds to eliminate the need to issue common stock in 2010 as we continue on a major construction program to expand and modernize our system and offset the impact of an expected Virginia regulatory decision.
Breakthroughs in the development of new energy sources, along with the promise of new intercontinental gas pipeline capacity, and emerging deliv- ery technology, such as smart meter- ing, hold large potential benefits for Dominion shareholders and custom- ers alike.
Breakthroughs in the development of new energy sources, along with the promise of new interconti- nental gas pipeline capacity, and emerging delivery technology, such as smart metering, hold large po- tential benefits for Dominion shareholders and cus- tomers alike.
Launching ‘SmartGrid’ Technology in Virginia In our electric utility service area, we intend to use an emerging bundle of new technologies known as “SmartGrid” to help reduce the need for additional power stations.
Among those technologies is “smart metering.” These innovative, system-ready devices enable two- way communication between the electric meters at individual homes and businesses and Dominion Virginia Power. We initiated a demonstration proj- ect in 2009.
SmartGrid technology can reduce a costly phenom- enon—“line loss.” Throughout the industry, utili- ties lose about 8 percent of the energy produced by power stations as it travels to the customer along the transmission and distribution network. New technologies such as the ones that we are employ- ing enable us to reduce line loss through voltage reductions and operate the system more efficiently, thereby reducing fuel consumption, protecting the environment, and saving our customers money.
Our SmartGrid initiatives are part of a broader, more comprehensive energy conservation plan filed
Dominion employee Alison Kaufmann explains how “smart meters” and “SmartGrid” technology might benefit customers in Charlottesville, Va.
Dominion Chairman, Presi- dent and CEO Tom Farrell is joined by then-Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine and other officials at a kick-off announcement in Charlottesville.
Left to right are Misses Hopkins, Berry, and Mariner, operators on the Richmond switch- board in 1943.
   22 Dominion 2009

By 2015, Dominion expects to have spent $3.7 billion on environmental improvements at its merchant and utility generating fleet.
with the SCC. Overall, we expect our portfolio of programs to reduce peak demand for electricity by Virginia customers by about 650 megawatts over a 15-year period. This is comparable to a large gener- ating unit. The programs are expected to protect the environment by reducing carbon dioxide emissions by a total of more than 15 million tons by 2024, the equivalent of removing more than 173,000 cars annually from the road for 15 years, according to a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency estimate.
Investing to Protect the Environment By 2015, Dominion expects to have spent $3.7 billion on environmental improvements at its merchant and utility generating fleet. As pictured in the line charts below, mercury, sulfur and nitrogen oxides
emissions in the mid-Atlantic and New England re- gions are heading dramatically down. Our power stations are producing cleaner electricity.
Even so, a growing number of our utility customers in Virginia have told us that they would like to buy power generated from renewable energy sources, such as sunlight, wind, falling water, sustainable biomass, waste, wave motion, tides and geothermal power. In early 2009, we began offering our Do- minion Virginia Power utility customers the option to support green power through their monthly elec- tric bills. Customers may direct Dominion to buy renewable energy certificates equal to 100 percent of their monthly electrical use; or they can specify the dollar amount that they wish to spend on those certificates. That cost is added to their electric bill.
This renewable energy is above and beyond that which Dominion produces, giving our customers the option of voluntarily supporting the develop- ment of green power.
Cleaner Air in New England
Projected emissions reduction
Percent
0 -20 -40
 Dominion began ownership of Dominion New England (Brayton Point, Manchester Street and Salem Harbor Power Stations) Jan.1, 2005 -60
SO2 -86% -80 NOx -80%
Mercury -88% -100
    Cleaner Air in Virginia
Projected emissions reduction
Percent
0 -20 -40 -60
1998 2000 2002 2004
2006 2008 2010 2015
 SO2 -81% -80 NOx -80%
Mercury -87% -100
    1998 2000 2002 2004
2006 2008 2010 2015
2009 Dominion 23

Corporate Culture Matters Corporate “culture” does matter. Attitude matters. Engagement matters. It is no good to just say those words. You have to breathe them and live them. We go about our business as a team, but, at Dominion, every employee has the potential to make a difference.
I am proud that our company is a place where em- ployees volunteered approximately 125,000 hours of their time in 2009 to work in their communi- ties—weatherizing homes, improving parks, stack- ing shelves at food banks, walking to raise funds to help find the cure for debilitating, sometimes fatal diseases.
Most of all, I am proud that thousands of my col- leagues put on a hard hat or work behind a desk each day, remaining steadfast and true to our long- standing, time-tested core corporate values—safety, excellence, ethics and teamwork.
Thank You for Your Support Step back, view our in- dustry from afar, and it is clear: A new, uncertain era is emerging.
We enter this era wise in the ways of surviving a cen- tury, with prudence, integrity, caution and care. As working principles, they may not often get invoked on the motivational speaking circuit, but they wear well in trying, changing times. We soldiered through in 2009 and, along the way, validated our corporate values.
By husbanding resources, managing costs, narrow- ing purposes, and never losing sight of our primary mission—to serve our customers reliably, safely and well—we reached the end of 2009—and our first 100 years—and opened 2010 with substantial rea- son for optimism.
Looking back, to the previous year, through the past century, we have much pride—and trust that we have earned in a century of strength and excellence.
To our customers and the investors who continue to make this remarkable enterprise move ahead, we offer our thanks.
Thank you for your confidence in Dominion as a place to entrust your money. We will continue to manage your company efficiently and protect and grow the value of your investment in Dominion— through renewed and determined effort to serve our customers with relentless focus on service, excel- lence and the best that new technology backed by time-tested values can create.
Sincerely,
Thomas F. Farrell II
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 Projected Environmental Spending (Cumulative)*
$2.6 billion already spent through 2009.
Billions of Dollars
*All planned expenditures are preliminary and may be
subject to regulatory and/or Board of Directors approvals.
3.5
3.7 3.7
   2.9
3.2
   24 Dominion 2009
2010
2011
2012 2013 2014
