 To Our Investors
Thomas F. Farrell II Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Run an electric power franchise for a century—yes, it is our Virginia electric utility’s centennial anniversary in 2009—and you will experience good economic times and bad. The current downturn certainly qualifies as “not good,”and it is definitely testing everyone.
But we have witnessed recessions before and retain cause for optimism.
We know our strengths; we know our abilities. We know how to enter a storm and emerge intact and ready to prosper.
Nevertheless, we owe you a frank, realistic and level-headed assessment of our company’s challenges. They include how we will access tightly restricted supplies of capital to keep modernizing our system, expand our in- vestments in environmental protection and renewable sources of energy, and plan for long-term growth in a stalled economy—a stagnant period whose expiration date remains unknown.
An Outstanding Business Platform. We have dedicated employees, an outstanding business platform, and the good fortune of serving a region historically shown to be economically durable and resilient. Customer growth in our electric service area continues to be higher than the national average. Even now, we are installing new meters, laying new pipes and wires, building new generation, and storing and moving large volumes of natural gas to meet growing demand. Our ability to generate energy efficiently,
We have dedicated employees, an outstanding business platform, and the good fortune
of serving a region historically shown to be economically durable and resilient.
safely and cleanly is an additional major advantage. Constructive state and federal regulation also facilitates activities and planned investments to modernize and expand our energy production and transportation systems.
Longtime shareholders know how we have repositioned the company
to deliver stable earnings even in challenging economic times. By keeping our promise to divest ourselves of a major portion of one of our business
2008 Dominion 13

      14 Dominion 2008
Targeted
Dividend Increase*
Recent increase puts
targeted 2010 payout ratio
of ~55% in reach. 1.34
1.75 1.58
Dollars per Share
*All dividend declarations subject to Board of Directors approval
1.38 1.46
2006 2007 2008
~ 55% Payout Ratio
 2005
2009* 2010*
segments—a growing natural gas and oil exploration and production business (E&P)— we reduced our exposure to earnings volatility and swings in commodity prices.
By refocusing more toward utility-based infrastructure businesses while maintaining upside potential in quality market-based businesses—more than half of our operating earnings comes from our regulated electric power
and natural gas companies—we have built a “regulated plus” model with the following financial goals: Earnings growth in challenging economic condi- tions; an increasing dividend; and strong and stable credit ratings.
Because of our current business mix—and financial and operating strength—we have maintained adequate liquidity and continued access to capital markets during the current economic crisis. Even when money is tight, we are obligated to keep our infrastructure modernization and expansion plans on track. We will not lie dormant until an economic recovery bell sud- denly goes off and, only then, begin. Siting, designing, permitting and constructing a generation facility takes time and large amounts of capital. Preparing now for future growth is a responsibility that customers rely
on us to carry through.
Meeting Operating Earnings, Dividend Targets. Our shareholders entrust us with the responsibility to base earnings and dividend targets on realistic assumptions and expectations.
In 2008 our operating earnings were $3.16 per share. That was slightly above the upper end of our guidance range and up 23 percent from 2007 operating earnings of $2.56 per share. Our 2008 earnings under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) also were $3.16 per share, down

Total Return Comparison
Percent
Through Dec. 31, 2008
1 Year Total Return 3 Year Total Return 5 Year Total Return
Source: Bloomberg
64.4
 34.9
  3.3
1.0
             -21.5 Dominion
-27.9
Dow Jones Utility
-31.9
-11.8 -5.5 DJIA
-37.0
-10.5
-23.0 S&P 500
 from $3.88 per share in 2007. The 2007 results reflected one-time, after-tax gains related to the sale of our non-Appalachian E&P operations.*
In late 2008, your Board of Directors approved a nearly 11 percent increase in the common stock dividend, the second such increase in as many years, following up on a 2007 pledge to achieve a 55 percent dividend payout ratio by 2010. That would give us a ratio in line with that of our utility peers.
Holding Our Own in Fearful Markets. Like that of most other publicly traded companies, our total shareholder return suffered from market conditions in 2008 that were perhaps the worst since the Great Depression. It is worth noting, however, that Dominion’s shares fared better in 2008
than both our sector and the overall stock market. At year-end, our total return was down by 21.5 percent from 2007. The Dow Jones Utility Average, a group of 15 utility stocks including Dominion, was off 27.9 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 31.9 percent, and the S&P 500 plunged 37.0 percent.
The credit markets were just as difficult as the equity markets.
In late 2008, we lowered previously announced 2009 operating earn- ings-per-share targets in deference to increased costs of capital, expected increases in pension and other benefits costs, and lower energy prices. We reduced previous 2009 operating earnings targets of $3.30 - $3.45 per share to $3.20-$3.30 per share.**
* Turn to page 30 for an explanation of the differences in 2008 GAAP earnings and operating earnings.
** Management cannot estimate the impact, if any, of differences in our expected 2009 operating earnings and GAAP earnings.
2008 Dominion 15
   -

Free Cash Flow Covers Operations, Maintenance—and Dividend.
Revenue generated by our businesses gives us the cash needed to cover
the costs of operating and maintaining them efficiently and safely. And it covers your dividend payments, as well as some of our spending for growth— an estimated $2.4 billion in 2009 and $2.0 billion in 2010, of which about 90 percent is planned for our regulated entities.
Like many businesses expanding for the long term, we plan to raise the balance of needed growth capital by accessing the debt and equity markets.
Fortunately, our financial strength and reputation give us continued
access to capital markets and help ensure that we maintain adequate liquidity.
In all instances, we will access the markets in a manner that we believe will maintain our credit profile and strong liquidity position. Fortunately, our financial strength and reputation give us continued access to capital markets and help ensure that we maintain adequate liquidity.
Accessing Debt Markets, Maintaining Credit Ratings. Our access to traditional funding sources was beginning to function more normally by late 2008 and early 2009. In late 2008, for example, in two separate offer- ings we issued $1.3 billion of new long-term debt through our electric utility subsidiary and holding company. More than120 institutional investors participated in each offering. While the interest rates on this debt are higher than they have been in recent years, we were pleased to demonstrate our access to markets that were largely closed to many companies. In addition, short-term markets for our commercial paper program began to act more rationally by year-end, although rates were higher than in the recent past. At no point did we ever lose access to the commercial paper markets.
Because of our continued ability to access the long-term capital markets, we ended 2008 with $2.9 billion in readily available liquidity, excluding com- mitments by Lehman Brothers.
16 Dominion 2008

Of course, our access to the capital markets depends strongly on our credit ratings. You can be assured that the company will work to maintain its solid ratings. Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and Moody’s rated Dominion Resources senior unsecured debt A -, BBB+ and Baa2, respectively. Each maintains a “stable” outlook on its rating. The agencies rate Virginia Electric and Power Company senior unsecured debt A-, A- and Baa1 respectively, all with
stable outlooks. We manage our cash coverage ratios and balance sheet to targets that we believe will maintain these ratings over time.
Popular Stock Purchase Plans: Reliable Market for New Equity.
In 2008 we issued $240 million of equity through our employee savings plans and direct stock purchase plan—including our dividend reinvestment plan—among other programs. These popular plans have historically gener- ated about $250 million per year, thanks to continued interest by our existing shareholders in purchasing additional Dominion shares. This is an important advantage. The amounts raised through these plans are expected to offset the need for us to “time” the equity markets and issue large blocks of stock.
We still foresee the need to issue additional equity, more than half of which will be handled through the reliable annual contribution of our employ- ee savings plans and direct stock purchase plan, for a total of $500 million in 2009 and $400 million in 2010.
You can be assured that the company will work to maintain its solid [credit] ratings.
To help with the remaining needs, we have entered into at-the-market sales agency agreements with major financial institutions that will allow the company to offer common stock from time to time during the course of those agreements. In light of Dominion’s total market capitalization—about $21 billion at year-end—our planned equity issuances in 2009 and 2010 represent a relatively small amount of our equity base.
Proceeds Expected From Asset Sales. Hard cash from asset sales plays a continuing role in Dominion’s management of your capital. It also helps to neutralize the need to access capital markets and issue new shares.
2008 Dominion 17

18 Dominion 2008
For example, we have used proceeds from a recent assignment of Marcellus Shale drilling rights in the Appalachian region to reduce debt balances, enabling us to issue less equity to meet our credit targets than other- wise would be required.
The company farmed out drilling rights to more than 100,000 acres of Marcellus Shale to Antero Resources for $347 million, pre-tax. In addition, we will receive a 7.5 percent royalty interest on future natural gas production from the assigned acreage.
That was only Chapter 1 of our Marcellus Shale story. Dominion has up to 800,000 acres of the formation and continues to market additional drill- ing rights. We have the patience and staying power to remain flexible during sour economic times. The company will enter into similar transactions only when the proposed price works effectively for you, our investor.
Also in 2008, we entered into an agreement to sell two natural gas distribution utilities—Dominion Peoples, in Pennsylvania, and Dominion Hope, in West Virginia. We expect to complete the transaction later this year and use expected after-tax proceeds to reduce outstanding debt.
Our Regulated Plus Model. Earlier I used the term “regulated plus” to describe how investors benefit from our business model.
As owners of an efficient electric power utility serving one of the nation’s most economically durable regions, we hold a core competitive asset. Our authorized returns are established under constructive state regulation by
the Virginia State Corporation Commission (SCC) and the North Carolina Utilities Commission. I will describe Virginia regulation later.
Dominion Energy is our growing platform of natural gas production, transmission and storage businesses serving the gas-intensive Northeast regions. The mid-stream pipeline and storage assets generate returns set by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Dominion Energy also operates Dominion East Ohio, a natural gas distribution utility with its own complementary gathering, transmission and storage, regulated by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio.

Our Plusses. The first “plus” is a merchant generation platform that is part of our Dominion Generation business unit. With over 9,000 megawatts of fuel- diverse generating capacity, compared with more than 18,000 mega- watts in our utility fleet, our merchant business gives us the opportunity to
take our skills as electric power generators into the Midwest and Northeast regions. In the Northeast, competitive wholesale market prices are set by competitive bidding and are generally higher than those in the Southeast. We have invested to acquire and modernize older stations, bring them to 21st-cen- tury environmental standards, and ensure that they create power efficiently.
Our merchant generation fleet is anchored by the largest nuclear power station in New England, Millstone Power Station in Connecticut, but it also includes stations fueled by coal, natural gas, oil and wind. In addition to
fuel diversity, we have geographic diversity and exposure to different pricing levels in different wholesale markets. Our sales do not depend on a limited number of sites, technologies or fuel sources, a flexibility that gives our com- pany a distinct advantage.
Our sales do not depend on a limited number of sites, technologies or fuel sources, a flexibility that gives our company a distinct advantage.
Within our Dominion Virginia Power operating unit is another plus, Dominion Retail. One of the largest competitive mass-market retail energy companies in the U.S., Dominion Retail provides natural gas and electricity— as well as home warranty and protection products and services— to 1.6 million customer accounts in 12 states where such competitive marketing is allowed by law.
Dominion Energy’s plusses include Appalachian E&P, with its more than 9,000 producing wells and 1.2 trillion cubic feet equivalent of proved re- serves, and Producer Services, which helps independent producers get their natural gas supplies to market.
2008 Dominion 19

Strong Service Area in Virginia Has Unique Characteristics. Ear- lier I said we had the good fortune to serve an economically durable service area in Virginia.
According to the latest independent projections, the Commonwealth is expected to need more than 4,000 megawatts of new power supply over the next decade—enough to power 1 million new homes and businesses.
Demographics explain why, beginning with Virginia’s extraordinary military infrastructure. Base closures and reassignments around the U.S. have resulted in more military personnel being shifted to Virginia. Growth in
Virginia law allows your company to
apply to recover the financing costs of qualified generation facilities as they are incurred—
a critical consideration for investors looking
for timely cost recovery.
personnel stationed at two major military facilities, Fort Lee in the Richmond area and Fort Belvoir in Northern Virginia, for example, will create significant new demand.
Virginia is also a global hub of Internet activity, with more than
50 percent of the nation’s Web traffic flowing through 36 data centers in Northern Virginia. These centers require a great deal of power—each
the equivalent of nearly 9,000 average household customers. More than a dozen additional data centers are on the drawing board.
We also have lower exposure than our utility peers to the reduced elec- tricity consumption expected this year from energy-intensive industrial users. About 12 percent of our sales came from industrial customers in 2008.
Constructive Utility Regulation in Virginia. Equally important to our outlook is the constructive nature of Virginia’s utility regulation.
Under laws enacted in 2007, Virginia Power is now able to fully recover the costs of natural gas, coal, uranium and other fuels used in power facilities. Projected fuel costs can be passed through to customers dollar-for-
20 Dominion 2008

dollar in rates. Provided regulators concur that the fuel costs were incurred prudently, any under-recovery can be collected in subsequent years. Estimated costs of our purchased power supply are also included in our projected
fuel costs. Prior to this change in law, Dominion shareholders absorbed nearly $2 billion of unrecoverable fuel costs, pre-tax, between 2004 and 2007.
At the same time, we aggressively attempt to minimize the impact of higher fuel costs on our customers. We voluntarily worked with state regula- tors to hold the increase on residential customer rates last July to 18 percent, the equivalent of an additional $16.61 per month for a typical residential household, and agreed to defer additional recovery to subsequent years.
Entering 2009, we were preparing to file with the SCC to recover the costs of our modernization and expansion, and to establish returns on equity consistent with existing state law.
As we embark on an era of new construction, Virginia law allows your company to apply to recover the financing costs of qualified generation facilities as they are incurred—a critical consideration for investors looking for timely cost recovery.
The regulatory framework establishes incentives for constructing nuclear, advanced-technology coal, natural gas facilities, renewable-powered facili- ties, and for meeting or exceeding renewable generation goals. It also can provide reward for efficient operations that reduce costs, enable cost-effective power production and provide excellent customer service.
In addition, Virginia law ensures the opportunity to earn a competitive return on equity. The law establishes a“floor”—the SCC must allow an autho- rized return on equity no lower than the average earned by a peer group
of utilities in the Southeast.
Powering Virginia Moves Ahead as Planned. The new laws will facilitate a plan I described last year, “Powering Virginia,” our program to meet the electricity needs of our customers in Virginia and northeast North Carolina. We are building it on a foundation of energy efficiency, new electric generation fueled by diverse sources, and investments in transmission
2008 Dominion 21

22 Dominion 2008
and distribution projects. We strive to maintain a diverse mix of fuel sources for generation, both as a natural commodity hedge for investors and as a way to protect customers from swings in commodity prices.
Energy Efficiency: Dominion Virginia Power has provided discounts on 2.7million energy-saving compact fluorescent light bulbs (CFLs) since 2007. During their lifetimes, these CFLs will have reduced energy consump- tion by 745 million kilowatt-hours and will have saved customers a total of $110 million in costs, based on data from the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency. In addition, Dominion Virginia Power has begun offering our customers a “green power” choice to offset some or all of the carbon dioxide produced in the generation of their electricity.
Coal Generation: Last year we began constructing a 585-megawatt clean-coal facility in Southwest Virginia known as the Virginia City
Hybrid Energy Center. The $1.8 billion station is expected to be one of the cleanest coal-burning generating facilities in the nation and to use renewable wood biomass for at least 10 percent of its fuel.
Natural Gas Generation: In 2008 we began developing Bear Garden, a 590-megawatt natural gas-fired facility, estimated to cost about
$620 million. Commercial operation is expected in 2011. A second natural- gas fired station in Warren County, Va., is in project development. Last year also saw more than 300 megawatts of new generation come on-line at our Ladysmith Power Station. Another 150 megawatts are expected at Ladysmith in 2009. We have also announced plans to convert the Bremo Power Station from coal to natural gas, subject to our hybrid energy center in Southwest Virginia entering service as planned and our receiving the necessary approv- als. Such a conversion would help to reduce air emissions even further.
Nuclear Generation: Management continues to assess the economic viability of constructing another reactor unit at our North Anna Power Station. We have filed an application with federal regulators to build and operate another unit and have applied for a federal loan guarantee to assist in the financing. The benefits of nuclear generation as a source to mitigate green- house gases are increasingly recognized by leading environmental groups.

Renewable Generation: With BP Wind Energy North America, we are jointly pursuing sites for wind energy projects in Virginia, particularly in Tazewell and Wise counties, located in the southwestern part of the state. Later, I will describe Dominion’s efforts to grow its renewable energy produc- tion outside Virginia.
Transmission and Distribution: To maintain system reliability and support future growth, we received FERC approval for an enhanced return on 11 vital transmission projects totaling nearly $900 million. To further ensure and improve system reliability, Dominion Virginia Power last year spent about $150 million on preventive maintenance, large cable replacement, tree-trim- ming and circuit-reconditioning programs.
We strive to maintain a diverse mix of
fuel sources for generation, both as a natural commodity hedge for investors and as
a way to protect customers from swings in commodity prices.
Sustaining Operating Excellence at Our Merchant Fleet. Dominion electric generation facilities share specific characteristics, regardless of location: They are extremely safe; compliant with all local, state and federal regulations; and clean, efficient and economic. Likewise, embedded in
our company culture is the spirit of being a good neighbor. Our employees are committed to excellence and deeply engaged in their communities.
We are growing our merchant fleet by boosting the capacity of indi- vidual units through investments in “uprates.” An uprate is the most economical way to add generating capacity, and it also provides more output with no corresponding adverse impact on safety or emissions. Our company expects to increase the overall capacity of our merchant fleet by 1 percent over the next three years through uprates projected to total about 100 megawatts.
Dominion Energy Expanding Mid-Atlantic Natural Gas Storage, Transmission. Because natural gas can be burned efficiently, reliably
and cleanly, it continues to be a fuel of choice for residential and industrial
2008 Dominion 23

consumers and electric power generators. Dominion Energy is one of the nation’s leading operators of gas storage, transmission and distribution assets. Our system not only moves gas to the specific delivery points where customers request it, but it also stores new gas supplies much like a bank for future withdrawals.
By 2015 Dominion expects to have spent more than $3.6 billion on environmental improvements in its merchant and utility generating fleet.
As promised, Dominion Energy completed an expansion that nearly doubled the daily output and storage capacity at its Dominion Cove Point liquefied natural gas facility in Maryland. This upgrade of a valuable Dominion asset allows for more gas supply into the mid-Atlantic and North- east. Cove Point’s capacity is fully subscribed.
Major Environmental Improvements Across Dominion Fleet. By 2015 Dominion expects to have spent more than $3.6 billion on environ- mental improvements in its merchant and utility generating fleet. In the large majority of our expenditures, the improvements have come as the result of voluntary discussions and negotiations with federal and state regulators. In all cases we meet or exceed mandates.
In short, we believe that protecting the environment is the right thing to do.
Project Plant It!—a partnership among Dominion, the Arbor Day Founda- tion and some school districts—puts that belief into action by placing seed- lings into the hands of 28,000 elementary school students in Virginia, Con- necticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island.
Projected Environmental Spending (Cumulative)*
3,530 3,643 3,646 3,646
$2.3 billion already spent through 2008.
Millions of Dollars
*All planned expenditures are preliminary and may be
subject to regulatory and/or Board of Directors approvals.
3,269 2,582
    2,948
     24 Dominion 2008
2009
2010
2011 2012
2013 2014 2015

Our Brayton Point Power Station, New England’s largest fossil-fueled power station, also defines our commitment to the environment and to the conservation of natural resources. Brayton Point is putting into place emissions and water usage controls that will benefit Massachusetts and Rhode Island.
We are building two cooling towers at Brayton Point scheduled to be op- erational by 2012. They are designed to reduce the station’s thermal impact on Mount Hope Bay and reduce cooling water use by more than 90 percent. In addition, pollution-control equipment was installed for two coal-burning units. This equipment is designed to reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide—
a cause of acid rain—by about 90 percent. A scrubber for a third coal unit
is expected to be in operation by 2014.
These expenditures bring overall investment in air and water environmen- tal improvements at Brayton to more than $1 billion.
We also entered a long-term agreement with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency to further reduce sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides
Our efforts to harness cleaner, greener power through wind turbines forged ahead in 2008.
emissions at our coal-fired, 1,158-megawatt Kincaid Power Station. This demonstrates our belief that we can find solutions to issues by confronting them in a constructive manner.
Cleaner Air in Virginia. In 2008 we began operating a new scrubber at our Chesterfield Power Station in Central Virginia, continuing the state’s move toward cleaner air. The equipment removes more than 95 percent of sulfur dioxide emissions and more than 90 percent of mercury emissions from the company’s largest coal-fired generating unit.
This scrubber is the latest, but not the last, chapter in Dominion’s long history of environmental stewardship. Dominion is building another scrubber to clean the emissions on the other three coal units at Chesterfield. That scrubber is expected to be operational in 2011.
By 2015 Dominion is expected to have spent $2.25 billion on environmental projects at power stations generating electricity for Virginia, including $920 million at Chesterfield. Deep reductions are expected—
2008 Dominion 25

Cleaner Air in New England
Projected
emissions reduction
Percent
0 -20
 Dominion began ownership of Dominion New -40 England (Brayton Point, Manchester Street and
Salem Harbor Power Stations) Jan.1, 2005 -60
SO2 -86% NOx -80% Mercury -88%
Cleaner Air in Virginia
Projected
emissions reduction
Percent
SO2 -81% NOx -80% Mercury -87%
-80 -100
0 -20 -40 -60 -80 -100
1998 2000
2002 2004
2006 2007
2010 2015
                         26 Dominion 2008
1998 2000
2002 2004
2006 2007
2010 2015
2.21
80 percent or more—in mercury, sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides emis-
sions. The company is also investing in technologies that would reduce carbon emissions. Dominion is a partner with Virginia Tech to demonstrate the feasibility of storing carbon dioxide in unminable coal seams at a site near our Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center.
Increasing Renewable Generation. Our efforts to harness cleaner, 2.21
greener power through wind turbines forged ahead in 2008. As I told you last year, our company plans to achieve Virginia’s goal of having 12 percent of base-year electricity sales coming from renewable energy by 2022 and to attain a similar goal in North Carolina.
Your company overall has about 1,300 megawatts of renewable energy from hydro, biomass and wind under development or in operation. In West Virginia, we recently completed a wind farm with Shell WindEnergy Inc. In Indiana, we are working with BP Alternative Energy North America on
that state’s largest wind energy project. The first phase went into commercial operation in early 2009. Dominion is also in the early stages of development for a wind project in Central Illinois. That project could produce 300 mega- watts of clean electricity.

Earlier I discussed our plan to pursue wind farms in Virginia with our partner,BP.
In West Virginia, our E&P business at Dominion Energy made industry news when it drilled a company record number of wells in the Appalachian Basin in 2008 while winning a first-place award from the state’s Department of Environmental Protection. The award recognized E&P’s environmental stew- ardship for its ability to plan, construct and cleanly restore drilling sites.
Great People, Four Core Values. We are fortunate to have the best people in the business, all of whom take great pride in doing a job superbly, and all of whom live by our company’s four core values—safety, ethics, excel- lence and One Dominion, our term for teamwork.
We start with the premise that every accident is preventable. No injury is acceptable. Our “zero tolerance” approach produced our fifth consecutive year of improvement in 2008.
Our company will not be satisfied, however, until we are accident-free. Dominion East Ohio’s superb implementation of our“Target 0”safety cam- paign shows it can be done. East Ohio had its first summer ever without a recordable injury under guidelines enforced by the U.S.Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). It is a remarkable achievement that sets
We start with the premise that every accident is preventable. No injury is acceptable. Our“zero tolerance”approach produced our fifth consecutive year of improvement in 2008.
the bar a little bit higher for everyone. Our E&P business in the Appalachian Basin completed 2008 with four consecutive years of no lost-time accidents. At the business unit that manages the company’s generating facilities pow- ered by fossil fuels and hydroelectric resources, our employees turned in the best safety performance on record. They reduced accidents by 45 percent, lowered the severity of incidents by 65 percent—and, in so doing, topped the previous year’s record performance. Our services company reduced OSHA recordable incidents by more than 70 percent in 2008.
2008 Dominion 27

28 Dominion 2008
Efficient operations are so common at Dominion that I sometimes believe it is taken for granted. A Platts Nucleonics Week study published last November found that our nuclear fleet is among the most efficient in the na- tion. North Anna and Surry, both located in Virginia, were ranked the sixth and 10th most efficient nuclear stations, respectively, in 2007, the most recent data available. In addition, our regulated utility fossil fleet had an equivalent forced outage rate on demand of 3.8 percent in 2008, the best on record.
Electric service was available to the typical Dominion Virginia Power customer 99.977 percent of the time last year, up slightly from 2007, attributable in large part to the maintenance programs I mentioned earlier. This figure excludes outages caused by major storms.
Ethics Remains Foremost: National Recognition. A window into a company’s corporate culture is the way it treats its employees.
I was pleased to learn in 2008 that our company won the highest recog- nition given to employers for support of employees who serve in the
National Guard and Reserve, the Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award. Only 15 employers received the award in 2008, from about 2,200 nominations.
Because of his belief that our company goes above and beyond the call of duty, Mike Monfalcone, an employee in our Human Resources department and a commander in the Navy Reserve, nominated Dominion for the presti- gious award. Thankfully, he has returned safely from duty in Iraq. He is one of 87 Dominion employees who have been mobilized for active duty service since Sept.11, 2001.
The Dominion Thing. We try hard to do right by our employees. They represent our first and foremost embedded strength. In almost every instance, they go the extra mile—“the Dominion thing,”as Kim Lowers says. She is a manager in her 24th year with the company who volunteered for days to help the citizens and emergency responders of Suffolk, Va., when a tornado ravaged that community in spring 2008. Whether steering people away from a downed power line or completing their paperwork to reconnect power
to their houses, Kim gave it her best, like so many other active employees. Throughout Dominion we are giving it our best, too.

At work, we know that the future depends on our ability to continue to execute superbly. We are working hard to make wise investments. We are committed every day to operating safely and reliably, getting the most from our business platform, maintaining high performance, and nurturing a customer-centric culture and constructive regulatory relationships.
In our communities, we do our best to support education, the environ- ment, human services, the arts and many other philanthropic endeavors.
In total, your company donated about $25 million to numerous worthy causes in 2008. More than $6 million of that amount went to our signature EnergyShare program. Since its inception in 1982, EnergyShare has raised $32 million to help people in need to heat and cool their homes.
But our community involvement is not limited to money. Dominion employees annually volunteer nearly 120,000 hours of their time to support charities and worthy causes in the regions where they live and work.
I think Kim got it right. Call it “the Dominion thing.”
It takes time to build a culture like ours. I am happy that we are able to celebrate our Virginia electric utility’s 100th birthday this year. In fact, our history stretches back much further than that: Dominion and its predecessor companies have been in business for more than 200 years.
Despite the current recession, the future looks bright for your company. We will continue to provide reasonably priced energy in a safe, reliable, efficient and responsible manner. I am optimistic that we will build on
our 200-plus years of success because our employees bring together equal portions of ethics, ingenuity, leadership, energy, experience and skill.
On behalf of the entire Dominion team, I thank you for your continued confidence in the company.
Sincerely,
 Thomas F. Farrell II Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
2008 Dominion 29
