To our fellow shareholders
My annual letter to shareholders is a time to look back on our performance during the past 12 months, and assess how we are positioned to capitalize on opportunities in the future. As I reflect on the past year, one main thought stands out loud and clear -- and it should give you confidence and make all of our associates very proud:

Diebold today is a stronger company than it was a year ago.
  · We're a stronger company because we once again increased customer loyalty. · We're a stronger company because we further improved on-time delivery

 and product quality.  · We're a stronger company because we increased our profit margins, operating income,
1

 earnings and cash flow while strengthening our financial controls.

We faced many obstacles in 2008, including a challenging economic environment and uncertainty among our financial institution customers. But at the end of the day ­ or to be more precise, the year ­ we addressed the issues and emerged as a stronger, more efficient and more profitable company. 2009 looks to be equally challenging. But we face it with a strong resolve and financial strength, knowing that during the last 150 years we have created the products, services and technology required for success in today's competitive environment. What's more, throughout our company we have a values system focused on the customer, a shared commitment to developing creative solutions, and a culture that prizes imagination, promotes integrity and doesn't accept being second best. This is why we are introducing in 2009 a new brand tagline that captures the heart and soul of our company: Innovation Delivered. These two words perfectly meld our 150-year history of innovation with our strategic focus for the future.
Our Strategic Roadmap

The progress we have made ­ and continue to make ­ is due in large part to our relentless devotion to achieving Diebold's strategic roadmap. During the past three years, this roadmap drove us to undertake a number of operational and supply chain initiatives ­ initiatives designed to increase customer loyalty, improve productivity, streamline processes, enhance efficiency and decrease costs.

1859
Diebold founded in Cincinnati, Ohio

1871
More than 800 Diebold safes survive Great Chicago Fire

1872
Diebold moves operations to Canton, Ohio

1881

First recorded international sale ­ Diebold builds safe for the President of Mexico

The results of these efforts are clear. We achieved our initial goal of cutting costs by $100 million and are now driving to cut another $100 million ­ with $70 million to be achieved by the middle of 2010. More broadly ­ and more importantly ­ we have put in place the infrastructure, processes and culture to drive continuous improvement across our business. This is how we will thrive and win in an increasingly competitive global marketplace.
Expanding Services Opportunities

The centerpiece of our business strategy is the continued growth of our service and advanced services businesses. Currently, service and advanced services account for more than half of our annual revenue. Given the size of the global services market, it's clear that there is great potential for growth in this area. It all starts with helping our customers succeed. In today's difficult environment, our financial customers are looking for solutions that both enhance the value of their prime asset ­ the retail banking channel ­ and also help to improve productivity and decrease costs. They recognize automated teller machine (ATM)
2

networks are critical components in their ability to serve retail customers. But they also know the importance of allocating their resources most productively. Increasingly, financial institutions will turn to outsourcing solutions providers to solve this paradox. And that's the focus of our financial self-service strategy: We leverage our existing strengths to help customers manage all aspects of their ATM networks, and in doing so, we provide the services that enable financial institutions to offer more to their customers at a lower cost. During 2008, we saw solid growth in our outsourcing solutions, or Diebold Integrated Services®, because of burgeoning customer demand and our market leadership. Our outsourcing solutions ­ through which we provide software, hardware and services ­ are meeting with broad customer acceptance because they provide financial institutions with access to the latest, cutting-edge technology and comprehensive support, while minimizing upfront capital expenses. And in 2009 for the third consecutive year, Diebold was named one of the world's top 100 outsourcing service providers by the International Association of Outsourcing ProfessionalsTM­ ranked well ahead of the nearest industry competitor.
Leadership in a Global Marketplace

At Diebold, we recognize our marketplace is global, and we have been working for some time to capture the potential in high-growth markets abroad such as in Brazil, Russia, India and China. In Russia, for example, we're assisting Moscow-based Master Bank to transform its ATM channel into a currency-exchange network. In China, we grew revenue more than 20 percent year over year, with major customer wins that included Agricultural Bank of China. We were also selected by the Bank of China as the ATM provider for Beijing Olympics facilities this past summer. During 2008, Thailand's largest bank, Bangkok Bank Public Company

1915
Diebold establishes the industry's first nationwide service division

1936

Diebold expands its product line by acquiring companies that specialize in products such as rotary and visible files, and index and microfilming systems Diebold begins developing armor plate for military vehicles

1944 ­51
Eliot Ness, former crime fighter of "The Untouchables" fame, serves as chairman of the board

Limited, purchased more than 1,000 of our Opteva® ATMs. Nigeria's Union Bank also selected our hardware, software and services offerings. Latin America, and more specifically Brazil, continues to be an area of significant opportunity for Diebold. Banco do Brasil, the largest financial institution in Brazil, has chosen Diebold to provide more than 5,400 ATMs and check dispensers, enabling the financial institution to expand its reach to new and existing customers at its branches in all Brazilian states, as well as through new retail locations. Also during the year, we partnered with Brazil's Caixa Econômica Federal in one of the largest ATM sales agreements in history ­ nearly 10,000 full-function units.
Developing a New Portfolio of Opportunities

An important dimension to our strategy for 2009 and beyond is expanding our deposit automation solutions, both hardware and software, that help customers improve the operation of their self-service networks. Check imaging, for example, is not only a regulatory compliance imperative, but a significant potential driver of cost savings. Our Diebold ImageWay® check-imaging solution fulfills an industry-wide demand for cuttingedge technologies that enhance efficiencies. Similarly, our new rapid processing capability enables financial institutions to expedite bulk note and check deposits at any time of the day or night, improving security and enhancing convenience at the ATM. Since 2007 , we have increased shipments of deposit automation solutions by more than 50 percent. As one measure of the increasing scope and scale of our software offerings, we were proud to note in 2008 that Diebold received seven patents related to Agilis® branch network software. The patents protect the unique features of Agilis' Campaign OfficeTM suite, which can transform ATMs into revenue-generating business tools by delivering one-to-one marketing messages to customers at the ATM.
Strengthening Our Security Capabilities
3

If there's one single transaction that characterizes the progress we made in 2008, it's surely the United States Postal Service's selection of Diebold to implement a multi-site, technologically advanced video security program. This deal underscores how we have successfully elevated our presence and our security integration capabilities beyond financial services into entirely new markets, opening up new avenues of opportunity. As we move forward, we intend to build on this success. We are developing security enterprise risk management solutions to help our customers with everyday challenges and regulatory requirements by leveraging our expertise in information technology systems. For example, we are in the early phases of introducing energy management solutions that can control and monitor heating, ventilation, air conditioning and lighting for our customers. With our broad solutions portfolio, our goal is to further diversify and penetrate key markets such as government, commercial and retail, while adding value for customers.

1947
Diebold enters the drive-up banking and electrical alarm systems businesses through purchase of O.B. McClintock, Minneapolis

1964

Diebold listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "DBD"

1970
Computer-controlled security and surveillance systems offered

Futura Automatic Banking System provides teller services around the clock

1984

24-hour-a-day Customer Response Center (1-800-DIEBOLD) begins operation

Continued Operational Improvements

The scope and scale of the operational improvements we made during the past three years are substantial. And it's not just because of the significant cost savings we are realizing today or the additional savings we intend to realize in 2009 and beyond. It's really more about the wholesale improvements made in all areas of our business ­ from responding to customer requests to manufacturing ATMs, from developing software to training our service team. Today, for example, when we develop new solutions, we have a cross-functional team of people who all work together. Hardware engineers, software engineers, design, procurement, manufacturing, marketing, sales and all other parts of the organization participate collaboratively in the development process. And with testing and trialing proceeding along parallel lines, the end result is better quality, less cost and faster time to market. It's an approach we like and have worked hard to instill across our business, and it's one that we will continue to improve upon in the years ahead.
4

2009 Outlook

As I mentioned at the outset of this letter, 2009 will be challenging for the economy, the financial system, the banking industry and our company. But Diebold possesses many strengths ­ our people, our culture, our technology, our commitment to innovation, our strong customer relationships, our broad portfolio of solutions and our financial strength. We believe these strengths, refined during our 150 years in business, will enable us to thrive in this difficult economic environment. Reflecting the confidence our board and management have in Diebold, we increased our dividend for the 56 th consecutive year in early 2009. Our focus during 2009 will be to continue refining and leveraging these strengths to enhance our leadership position as a provider of integrated self-service and security solutions around the world. The trends driving customer demand for our offerings are deep and powerful, and our goal is to capture opportunities for profitable growth. Just as important is our commitment to sustaining an environment of financial control consciousness as we continue to improve our financial systems, processes and procedures with proper controls that drive efficiency, accuracy and timeliness in our accounting and financial reporting. I would like to express my thanks for the ongoing counsel and support of our board of directors and our business partners around the world. To all of our Diebold associates, a special word of appreciation for the terrific job you do every day. To our shareholders, thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

Thomas W. Swidarski President and Chief Executive Officer

150 years
1985
Modular Delivery System family of ATMs introduced, allowing new technologies to be added as developed

1991
InterBold, joint venture between Diebold and IBM, introduces i Series® ATMs

2001
Diebold constructs three vaults to protect Charters of Freedom

of innovation

