To Our Fellow Shareholders
Since my last letter to you, the global economy, the financial services industry and our company have experienced significant changes and challenges. Through it all, we have had many accomplishments as we have continued to focus on executing the strategic roadmap we formed when I became the company's chief executive officer.
I'm proud of the way our associates around the world have responded during the past 18 months in driving improvements in each of our five key priorities: increase customer loyalty, improve quality, strengthen our supply chain, enhance communications and teamwork, and rebuild profitability. We have made significant progress in rationalizing product development, streamlining procurement, deeper relationships that we can leverage moving forward. According to the surveys we regularly conduct, customer perceptions of our company have improved significantly. Customer loyalty has increased by seven to 10 percentage points in the past couple of years. Another indication of our ability to meet customer needs: In 2007 , we marked the sale of the 100,000th Opteva® automated teller machine (ATM). With a design that was based on extensive global research, Opteva ushered in a new level of functionality, convenience and security for financial institutions and their customers around the world. Based on the success of our efforts, which are aimed at continuing to improve our customers' satisfaction with our products and services as well as our overall operations, in 2008 we announced plans to further reduce costs. More specifically, we intend to
Thomas W. Swidarski
President and Chief Executive Officer

realigning our manufacturing footprint and improving logistics. This has enabled us to improve quality and productivity and decrease costs. The end result: We expect to achieve a key milestone on time ­ our SmartBusiness 100 program ­ in which we pledged to deliver $100 million in cost savings by year-end 2008.

Customers Respond Positively to Changes
Even more importantly, our customers are noticing the benefits they are receiving from our efforts to improve our operations, setting the stage for broader,

1

transition from four global Opteva manufacturing plants to two, improving plant utilization. We're implementing processes to further reduce redundancy and waste across our supply chain. And we're rationalizing our warehouse network. We also continue to improve our procurement functions and have initiated a product optimization and simplification program. This will enable us to more effectively support our customers' needs while improving margins, reducing the cash conversion cycle and improving inventory turnover. It is a major step toward the company's goal to transition from a "buildto-order" manufacturing model to a "just-in-time" pull system with a global capability for post-production customization. In addition to these efforts, we're planning to exit unprofitable business segments in certain geographies, and reduce our workforce by about 5 percent. Taken together, all of our initiatives should enable us to eliminate an additional $100 million in cost, with approximately $70 million being eliminated by the middle of 2010.

software solutions, is what sets Diebold apart today ­ and it's what will drive our success in the future. We developed and are executing an integrated strategy for growth and operational excellence. Our goal is to grow balanced businesses in global markets, execute our strategic growth initiatives, target profitable opportunities in niche markets and leverage our innovation to uncover and tap into new sources of revenue. We are also driving to create a dynamic culture that values operational excellence, fosters continual learning, and incorporates lean/Six Sigma principles as a way of life.

Expand in High-Growth Areas
In the financial self-service market, we continue to drive to capture opportunities in high-growth areas, such as Brazil, Russia, India, China and Eastern Europe. For example, we have significantly strengthened our operations in Asia by enhancing our manufacturing, services support, software development and sales and marketing activities throughout the region. I am pleased to report that Diebold was honored to be selected by Bank of China as the exclusive ATM provider in key Beijing Olympic facilities for the 2008 Olympics. Our selection reflects the strength of our growth strategy in this large, important market. A case in point: Since July 2007 , we sold more than 10,000 ATMs to Chinese financial institutions. We are also experiencing strong growth in Brazil, with two banks purchasing more than 15,000 enhanced-function ATMs and check dispensers in 2008.

Diebold's Vision & Strategy
As you can see, we are working in a variety of areas and in a variety of ways to achieve operational excellence that will in turn create value for all our stakeholders. More than ever, our work involves providing valued services to our global customer base. Our deeply embedded culture of service, combined with our history of innovation and expertise in developing

2

"Our deeply embedded culture of service, combined with our history of innovation and expertise in developing software solutions, is what sets Diebold apart today ­ and it's what will drive our success in the future. "

Grow Integrated Services/ Outsourcing Business
With the costs of operating an ATM increasing, financial institutions are eager to optimize management and productivity of their ATM channels ­ and they are increasingly exploring outsourced solutions. But outsourcing is about more than cost. It's also a business strategy that our customers are employing so they can provide their customers with the most innovative products and services available. For these reasons, we have developed our industry-leading Diebold Integrated Services® platform that incorporates cross-disciplinary functions into comprehensive, turnkey outsourcing solutions. Our efforts are earning recognition. For the second year in a row, Diebold was named one of the world's top outsourcing service providers. In addition to outsourcing, there are several other key drivers of demand affecting financial institutions today. The strategic value of the retail banking franchise, for example, has never been greater ­ and firms are working to transform and enhance their branch locations. ATM systems play an important role in the branch network and infrastructure. In addition, deposit automation and check imaging are expanding the functionality of ATMs.

Leverage Software Innovations
As some self-service hardware offerings become more commoditized, services and software will play an increasingly important role in the value equation for our financial self-service customers. The 2007 launch of Agilis® EmPowerTM, a flexible, open software platform, is our next-generation solution. Agilis EmPower features software development tools and services that enable financial institutions to react quickly to changing retail customer needs and exchange information across banking delivery channels. At the same time, it seamlessly integrates into a financial institution's service-oriented architecture. Agilis EmPower is an important solution for financial institutions ­ and it clearly offers Diebold a competitive advantage supporting the continued growth of our integrated services and outsourcing business.

Diversification of Customers and Security Solutions
In our security business, one of our important strategic growth initiatives involves further diversifying our integrated security solutions business in the financial, retail, commercial and government markets. Given the size of the security industry, there is substantial

3

opportunity for further growth in these segments. Our critical area of focus is to bring thought leadership to our customers while becoming a long-term business partner in the key growth areas of Internet protocol security solutions, credential management, enterprise security integration and expanded integrated solutions. Toward that end, during the past few years we have acquired several companies with these specific areas of expertise. Though small in size, these companies possess exceptional skill and knowledge that we are now leveraging to grow our security solutions further. As an example, the United States Postal Service recently chose Diebold to implement a multisite, technologically advanced video security program.

customers. By squeezing out unnecessary costs and inefficient workflows, we can deliver our offerings at a better value for our customers.

Fiscal 2008 and Beyond
Through the strategy I have outlined ­ which involves both revenue growth and operational

excellence ­ we plan to improve our financial performance and profitability in 2008 and in the years ahead. Coupled with our dividend ­ which increased in 2008 for the 55th consecutive year ­ we believe this will enable us to build value for our shareholders. In closing, I would like to thank our board of directors for its ongoing counsel and support, and our business partners around the world. I would like to personally send a special thanks to all of our Diebold associates, who continue to delight and amaze me with their commitment. And to our shareholders, we appreciate your continued support.

Transforming Our Business
Our work in capturing the revenue opportunities that exist within our core markets is only one part of how we are working to build value. Of equal importance are our efforts to increase customer loyalty by improving our responsiveness and reliability, our efficiency and execution, our processes and our productivity. There are many components to this effort. Virtually every area of the company ­ from logistics to procurement, design to delivery, information technology to quality assurance ­ is involved and contributing. It is deeply transforming our company, greatly improving how we do business and increasing our ability to satisfy our customers. For example, by reducing variations in processes, we are working to become more consistent and reliable. By reducing cycle time, we are delivering solutions more quickly to

Sincerely,

Thomas W. Swidarski President and Chief Executive Officer

4

