Thomas W. Swidarski, President and Chief Executive Officer

to our fellow shareholders
The markets we reach and the customers we serve are changing with lightning speed. That means we must be quick, agile and creative to design and deploy solutions that win not only in today's marketplace, but tomorrow's as well. Throughout our operations, Diebold is intensely focused on delivering innovation that connects with emerging needs ­ and enables our customers to connect with their customers in ways that are more valued, efficient, flexible and secure. We see tremendous opportunities to leverage innovation and build a stronger business. The proof can be found in our roster of achievements for 2010. We secured significant new customer wins, broadened our solution set and earned accolades for excellence in manufacturing, service and innovative solutions. Across our organization, Diebold associates had many impressive achievements. Our commitment to innovation goes beyond new additions to our solutions set. Leadership and management innovation that is fully embedded throughout the organization creates the agility and speed essential to succeed in today's marketplace. It's exciting to witness Diebold associates embracing change and devising solutions that connect with customer needs, resulting in meaningful market advantages.

Diebold AR

1

Services: Strong Foundation for Growth
Services Revenue % Services Gross Margin %

60% 55 50 45 40 35 30 06 07 08 09 10

30%

25

20

15

2010 Results
Last year's business climate, while markedly improved from 2009, remained challenging in many respects. Yet, in the aftermath of the worst global economic crisis in more than half a century, financial institutions displayed signs of recovery. As 2010 progressed, we saw strengthening demand for our solutions in many markets around the world. Gross margin benefited from the continuing shift in business mix. Today more than half our revenue is derived from services, and our strategic focus is to continue to grow this predictable, more profitable recurring revenue as we move forward. Reducing working capital needs through effective management of inventory and strong cash collection remains an important operational priority. This work resulted in exceptional free cash flow, which enabled us to finish the year in a net investment position. Our confidence in this business model and our ability to reliably generate cash led us to increase the dividend in 2011 for the 58th consecutive year. We are extremely proud of this record, which is unsurpassed by any other U.S. corporation. In addition, our board authorized the company to repurchase up to 4 million of its shares, upon which we intend to execute in 2011.

Connecting Solutions to Better Manage Complexity and Risk
A more complex banking environment and increased audit and regulatory mandates have placed formidable new burdens on our banking customers. Across the globe, security threats are on the rise. Meanwhile, consumers want ­ and expect ­ more convenience and flexibility, such as mobile banking. The adoption of deposit automation, including check-imaging and cash-handling modules, is transforming the ATM from a cash dispenser into a robust channel that provides banking automation in the fullest sense while greatly reducing operating costs for our customers.

2

connecting solutions
With all of these changes comes increased complexity. By helping customers cope with that complexity, we create a defining difference and add unparalleled value. Diebold's leading edge is our suite of advanced services and software that enables institutions to operate with increased efficiency, and seamlessly integrate the self-service delivery channel into the rest of their operations in a more cost-efficient, secure and compliant manner. No competitor can match our competencies ­ and leveraging that advantage underpins our strategy for growth going forward.

Connecting with Customers to Improve Their Competitive Edge
As growing numbers of financial institutions focus more intently on their core business strategies, they are turning to Diebold Integrated Services® for outsourcing solutions. Options range from one or two discrete functions to comprehensive management of their entire ATM network. Encompassing hardware and software updates, currency management, transaction processing, security management programs and much more, this suite of services is tailored to individual customer requirements. Total contract value exceeded $150 million in the United States alone, more than doubling from 2009. Financial institutions are seeking flexible solutions that address rapidly changing consumer expectations and provide ATM integration with mobile and Internet banking. Our multi-vendor software application, Agilis®, delivers that and more. In 2010, Diebold achieved a milestone ­ more than 500,000 terminals around the world running Agilis software. For five years, Diebold OpteView® remote diagnostic and repair capabilities have helped maximize terminal uptime and availability. Our newest availability management solution, OpteView® Resolve SM, represents an exponential leap forward. This game-changing software solution gathers

Diebold AR

3

growing on our strengths
business intelligence and interacts with an array of external systems to manage the entire ATM availability cycle from end to end. This solution is only the first chapter of what we believe will be an exciting growth story.

Security Solutions That Connect with Emerging Needs
Diebold was founded on a promise that our products would protect assets for every customer, every time. Today, that reputation remains central to our brand identity. Yet how we deliver on that promise has changed dramatically. First, our solution set for financial customers is now more comprehensive including fire and high-end enterprise security solutions. Many of our opportunities for growth lie within the financial market segment as financial institutions look to improve their security infrastructure, ensure compliance and drive operational efficiencies. Second, we have built the capabilities to compete for select niche opportunities in the retail, critical infrastructure and government sectors. We are leveraging our core competencies as designers and integrators of complex security systems, connecting system components such as cameras and access control as well as providing critical monitoring services. These competencies are achieving notable wins, including recent assignments to revamp the security infrastructure for Christie's Auction House, as well as to secure WTC Tower 4 and the Transportation Hub beneath the World Trade Center site, one of the premier infrastructure security projects in the United States.

4

2010 Security Revenue Breakdown

80% 8% 8% 4%

Financial Retail Critical Infrastructure Government

Connecting Competencies and Strategic Assets with Growth Markets
More than half of Diebold's total revenue in 2010 was generated outside the United States. Our global markets strategy is framed by a fundamental imperative: We will compete where we identify the most rewarding opportunities for growth, where we can establish and defend a significant market share, and where we can leverage our unique strengths in services and customer support. The world's emerging markets share several attributes, including rapidly expanding middleclass populations, robust financial sector growth and accelerating demand for financial self-service. Yet they differ in many ways, and our strategic approach reflects those distinct characteristics. Brazil is assuming a leading position on the world stage, and Diebold's role in this dynamic market continues to grow. The strength of our solutions offering and the capabilities of our Diebold Brazil associates have propelled us to a No. 1 position in financial self-service throughout Latin America. We've leveraged our competencies to diversify into other opportunities that generate meaningful and recurring revenue, including elections and the lottery markets. For example, in 2010 we delivered 195,000 voting terminals, which performed successfully in the Oct. 3 elections in Brazil. We subsequently secured an order for additional voting terminals to be delivered in the second half of 2011, further testament to our considerable depth of knowledge and technical resources in Brazil. Asia Pacific, led by China, Thailand, Indonesia and India, is the fastest-growing arena for financial self-service solutions in the world with a strong emphasis on cash recycling. In China, relatively

Diebold AR

5

expanding our opportunities
few institutions have adopted the service and services outsourcing model increasingly common in many other regions. Yet as self-service networks expand over time and as our customers' needs become more sophisticated, we see significant opportunities to benefit from our expertise and win assignments for a broad array of services and support solutions. Diebold's focus on emerging markets is not only an important source of sales and earnings ­ it enables us to continue to create value by developing new products and approaches that have application in other markets around the world. OpteView Resolve, the most sophisticated solution of its kind in our industry, was developed by our world-class Brazil software team. It is but one example of how we are migrating capabilities across our global operations.

Addressing Challenges Directly ­ and Transparently
Fundamental to Diebold's heritage and culture is a commitment to do business with integrity, transparency and full disclosure. After an extensive internal review into certain accounting and financial reporting matters that began in 2007, I am pleased to report that we remediated all material weaknesses by the end of 2010. This was a monumental effort, and I am confident we have taken the right steps to not only address our prior material weaknesses, but have strengthened our processes and procedures within our financial reporting control environment. As previously disclosed, while conducting due diligence in connection with a potential acquisition in Russia, we identified certain transactions and payments by our subsidiary in Russia that potentially implicate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), particularly the books and records provisions of the FCPA. In light of these findings, we have been conducting an internal review of our global FCPA compliance. In addition, as previously disclosed, we voluntarily self-reported our findings

6

International vs. U.S. Revenue
Percentage of Total Sales
International U.S.

100% 90 80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10 0 05 06 07 08 09 10

60 54 52 48 49 45

40 46 48 52 51 55

to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Department of Justice (DOJ) and have been cooperating with these agencies in their non-public review. In the course of our internal review, in the fourth quarter we identified certain transactions within our Asia Pacific operation which may also potentially implicate the FCPA. Our current assessment indicates that the transactions in question to date do not materially impact or alter our consolidated financial statements.

Connections That Drive a Higher Level of Performance
Despite notable challenges, 2010 was a year of solid achievement that sets the stage for continued progress. As 2011 unfolds we anticipate increasing growth ­ moderate in some markets, more robust in others ­ in the primary geographies and markets we serve. Our operating targets for the year include revenue growth of 3 to 6 percent, and further progress toward our long-term goal of achieving a 15 percent return on capital employed and 10 percent operating margin. We are committed to consistent execution of our key strategic priorities. It begins with innovation and increased efficiency. Since 2006, we have realized much success with our SmartBusiness cost-reduction efforts, and lean thinking is now fully ingrained in our culture. Our SmartBusiness initiatives have led to rationalization of product development, streamlining procurement, realigning our manufacturing footprint and improving logistics. For example, our environmental efforts in 2010 enabled us to eliminate nearly 200 tons of materials from how we package our products. Also, in an effort to drive continual reductions in fuel consumption, we are introducing vehicles that will provide a more than 50 percent improvement in fuel economy. Building on that success, we have launched SmartBusiness 300, targeted to achieve an additional $100 million in efficiencies during the next three years. This phase will focus on smaller, complex cost-savings projects.

Diebold AR

7

2010 Revenue Mix: Products vs. Services

47%

53%

Products Services

For several years our operations in the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region have not achieved our objectives. In 2011 we will undertake structural and fundamental changes in Europe to reduce our cost structure and better align our organization with the opportunities that exist in that market. Europe continues to be a strategically important market, and improving our competitiveness and achieving sustainable profitability is a top priority in 2011. Another strategic imperative is growth. The shift toward deposit automation remains in its early stages. We can ­ and I believe we will ­ accelerate orders and revenue by leveraging our unmatched capabilities to help customers effectively manage their ATM channel. In North America we expect the trend toward deposit automation to continue as more institutions are deploying this technology to maintain their competitive position and reduce their operating costs. In our services segment, the rapid growth of integrated services makes it clear we have only begun to tap opportunities which will deepen and enrich our relationships with financial institutions. In addition, we have made exciting progress in the diversification of our security business. There is much more runway for us to drive growth in the year ahead, both in the financial sector and other targeted markets. In Asia Pacific we will invest in our capabilities in China as we continue to build a strong foundation for growth in the world's fastest-growing economy. Our long-term vision is to build the same world-class competencies in China that we possess in North America and Brazil. In Brazil and throughout Latin America we will focus on substantial opportunities to grow integrated services and deposit automation solutions. Diebold's transformational journey to a true services company has only just begun. I am confident that we will reach additional milestones in the year ahead, propelled by a culture of innovation that makes the enterprise faster, more agile, more efficient and more profitable. Bringing those goals within reach are the more than 16,000 dedicated Diebold associates who understand our objectives and are committed to achieving them. I am grateful to them, to our shareholders and to all Diebold stakeholders for their continued support. Sincerely,

Thomas W. Swidarski President and Chief Executive Officer
8

