                                         To Our Shareholders
We were disappointed with our results for 2003. We reduced our operating expenses by $66 million, our depreciation and rental expense by almost $15 million and our interest expense by $8.7 million. However, we also experienced a 4% sales decline and a 160 basis point reduction in gross margin. This resulted in a large profit decline in 2003.
To improve our sales and margins, we have introduced sev- eral new brands that we believe will broaden Dillard’s appeal to the customer seeking better and more upscale merchandise. We plan to continue the review of our merchandise offering to add other appropriate brands and to reduce or eliminate brands that are not performing with satisfactory sales and gross margins.
We remain committed to differentiating Dillard’s from our competition. In 2003, we increased the storewide penetration of our exclusive brands from 18.2% of sales to 20.9%. We intend to continue to expand the exclusive brand merchandise offering where appropriate.
Furthermore, we will fine-tune our merchandise mix by store location to meet the differing needs of the local demo- graphic in our ongoing effort to set ourselves apart as the favorite hometown store with a national appeal.
We plan to continue our review of expenses and, where possible, eliminate or reduce those that do not negatively impact our customer service. We have continued to invest in
the development of our associates to better service the cus- tomer and we believe this is another way to distinguish Dillard’s from the competition.
We were pleased with the improvement in our balance sheet. We strengthened our financial position in 2003 by com- mitting available cash resources to paying $261 million in debt, capping a five-year debt reduction of approximately $1.4 bil- lion. We reinforced our liquidity by amending and extending our revolving line of credit to $1 billion with a maturity of December 2008. We remain financially flexible and firmly com- mitted to further strengthening our overall financial position.
During the year, we further improved our base of store locations. We entered the quad-city area of Iowa for the first time with the opening of our Davenport store in July. We opened new Dillard’s stores in the established markets of Cleveland, Ohio, Richmond, Virginia (2) and Houston, Texas. In Richmond and Houston, we repositioned the Dillard’s franchise by opening new locations and closing less- promising ones. During 2003, we closed nine under-perform- ing locations in our continuing effort to prune our store base. Our store ownership percentage is 78% - one of the highest ownership percentages in our market sector.
This is an exciting time to be in fashion apparel and home retailing and we continue to position ourselves to capitalize on the needs of confident customers who are focused on fashion, service and value. We will build on the strength of the Dillard’s franchise and proudly continue our 65-year legacy of distinctive merchandising and service. Our team remains com- mitted to this plan and we thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support.
William Dillard, II
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  Alex Dillard
William Dillard, II
1
Alex Dillard
President
 