                 Dear Shareholder,
Our 2010 results underscore a year of great progress at Dillard’s.
We began 2010 well positioned to achieve notable results, and we remained focused on our core initiatives throughout the year as
we executed disciplined inventory management and controlled
our expenses. With rising consumer confidence and a dramatically improved merchandise mix, we achieved a comparable store merchandise sales increase of 3% which led the way to a significantly improved gross margin performance and profitability. With our strong cash flow, we were able to confidently execute our share repurchase program, acquiring $414 million of our Class A Common Stock as a vote of confidence in Dillard’s and in support of
our shareholders.
Equally as important as the execution of these initiatives,
we took decisive action in 2010 to further establish a place of
clear distinction for Dillard’s in the mind of the fashion consumer. Specifically, we believe people shop at Dillard’s because they want to feel good about themselves. Throughout our history, we have pursued, and will continue to pursue, a visible separation from simple transactional retailing to a mindset of people-centric retailing – where customers become clients and lasting relationships are built over time through premium Dillard’s service delivered consistently with every visit. In 2010, we strengthened the framework to elevate product and people over price and promotion, because we believe there is room in the marketplace for a distinctive store that focuses on higher quality and more contemporary merchandise supported with outstanding client service. Accordingly, we have empowered our associates with the training, the tools and the incentives necessary
to get excited about the bold changes underway at Dillard’s
and to seek and maintain strong client relationships.
Our success in 2010 was further evidenced by the following:
• We achieved earnings per share of $2.67 compared to $0.93 for the prior year. Net income grew to $179.6 million from $68.5 million.
• We generated merchandise sales improvement of 2% over the prior year as a result of improving consumer confidence combined with our improved merchandise mix.
• By confidently executing our inventory control initiatives,
we improved gross margin from retail operations by 190 basis points of sales. Throughout the year, we continued our efforts to better match merchandise receipts to point of sale, creating a more constant flow of fresh merchandise selections specifically refined to the discerning tastes of our customers.
• We maintained control of our operating expenses, improving them by 40 basis points of sales.
• We produced cash flow from operations of $513 million allowing the repurchase of approximately $414 million (14.6 million shares) of Class A Common Stock under our share repurchase programs.
We will maintain our conservative financial posture which has served us well during the past few years, resulting in a leaner, more focused company, well-positioned for the future with a strong financial position, ample liquidity and a clear strategy and vision. We are greatly encouraged by our 2010 results, and we are excited about the future of Dillard’s. We sincerely thank our customers, associates and shareholders for their contributions to this success, and we look forward to serving you further in 2011.
  William Dillard, II Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
Alex Dillard President
