 DILLARD’S AT LIBERTY CENTER - CINCINNATI, OHIO • OPENED OCTOBER, 2015
A portion of the Grand Opening celebration sales was donated to Breast Cancer Research Foundation (BCRF®).
Fiscal 2015 turned out to be a tough year for Dillard’s. Our sales decelerated particularly in
the back half of the year, and this pressured
our operating results. We noted an unusually competitive environment during the important fourth quarter as we, along with our competitors, dealt with higher inventory levels following disappointing third quarter sales.
In spite of the disappointing results, we generated cash from operations of $450 million during the year. Shareholder return remained a high priority at Dillard’s, and we repurchased $500 million of our Class A Common Stock entirely from available
cash and operating cash flow.
We continue to evaluate best uses of the cash we generate from the business, balancing investment in the Company’s future with return to our shareholders. The considerations include investing cash back into the business through ongoing store upgrades as
well as other capital projects needed to ensure our continued marketplace relevance. While retail development has been slow to pick up following
the recession, we found a few exciting retail developments in which to build stores in 2015.
In the fall, we opened newly constructed locations in Liberty Center in Cincinnati, Ohio; Fremaux Town Center in Slidell, Louisiana, and Fashion Place Mall in Murray, Utah, where we replaced an existing store in this vibrant center.
In recent years, our goal has been to return excess cash to shareholders, and we accomplished that again in 2015. Over the past seven years, we have returned approximately $2.5 billion to shareholders in the
form of cash dividends and share repurchases. In February of 2016, our Board of Directors approved another $500 million share repurchase program. Shareholder return will remain a priority at Dillard’s.
While much is being said lately about the decline
of traditional retail, we believe those who remain engaged with their customers, both in store and online, with compelling fashion and products combined with premium service, will remain successful in the marketplace. To that end, we continue to seek out and to welcome exciting new, high profile brands to Dillard’s. At the same time, we are investing in the development and compensation of our associates
to elevate the entire customer experience.
While 2015 was challenging, we look forward to
2016 with an attractive line of products supported
by exceptional people. We thank our associates and our customers for their support in 2015, and thank you, our shareholders, for your continuing interest in Dillard’s. We look forward to serving you in the future.
  William Dillard, II Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
Alex Dillard President
 DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
    