  To Our Shareholders:
We are tremendously encouraged by our Company’s dramatically improved performance during 2009, and we are excited about the future of Dillard’s as we emerge from a historically challenging year as a stronger company. These results would have been impossible without the collective efforts of the entire Dillard’s team and their strong commitment to conservative, balanced fiscal discipline while providing our customers with exceptional fashion choices and premium service. Together, we made notable progress in 2009 in key operating and financial areas as evidenced by the following:
• We achieved a 410 basis point (of sales) improvement in merchandise gross margin compared to the 2008 fiscal year. We underscored this performance with
a significant 820 basis point merchandise gross margin improvement during the fourth quarter.
We accomplished year-over-year inventory reduction of 5% in 2009, following a prior year inventory reduction of 23%. This leaner inventory approach reflects not only the reality of our economic environment but also a change in mindset regarding merchandise presentation, arising
from a redefined view of our position in the market- place. We believe our stores look bolder and better than ever – with a more edited, more exciting assortment of merchandise, thoughtfully selected to truly resonate with fashion-connected customers who believe shopping is as much of an experience as a necessity.
• We delivered a $289 million reduction in advertising, selling, administrative and general expenses compared to the prior year as our associates corporate wide supported and executed our cost control initiatives
as we weathered continued economic uncertainty. These efforts combined with expense savings from recent store closures delivered remarkable results.
• We substantially improved our bottom line during 2009, reporting net income of $69 million compared to a prior year net loss of $241 million.
• We produced $554 million of cash flow from
operations and a solid ending cash position of $342 million as a result of our overall conservative approach to managing the business combined with focused inventory management. Accordingly, we ended the year with no short-term borrowings under our
$1.2 billion revolving credit facility.
• We achieved year-over-year debt reduction of $234 million with our total indebtedness dropping below $1 billion for the first time since 1990.
We believe we have emerged from 2009 a better positioned competitor – with a leaner operating structure, lower debt and ample liquidity – and we are energized by a strength- ened confidence in our ability to deliver inspiring fashions that truly help our customers feel good about themselves.
In 2010, we will maintain a conservative fiscal stance while executing a bold approach to fashion. We believe our customers visit Dillard’s expecting us to be different from other retailers, and we will continue to seek exciting new brands and new levels of service to further set ourselves apart in the marketplace.
With sincere thanks to our customers, associates and shareholders for their contributions to the successes of 2009, we look forward to serving you in 2010.
Warm regards,
William Dillard, II Chairman of the Board
& Chief Executive Officer
Alex Dillard President
  