  CEO Message
 DEERE MAKES IMPRESSIVE GAINS IN TOUGH ECONOMY, REMAINS WELL-POSITIONED TO SEIZE POSITIVE LONG-TERM TRENDS
The year 2009 will be remembered as one of important achievement for John Deere. In the face of the worst economic downturn in generations, and the largest-percentage sales decline in more than 50 years, the company remained solidly profitable and strengthened its financial and liquidity position.
We brought advanced new products to market and introduced the power and value of the John Deere brand to a growing global audience. The company made further strides in asset management, too, and continued to find ways of operating with more efficiency and effectiveness.
Deere also moved ahead with significant investments aimed at widening our manufacturing footprint and business lineup. As a result, the company is poised to capitalize on any future upturn in its markets and, longer term, to benefit from macroeconomic trends that hold great promise for the future.
For 2009, Deere reported net income of $873 million on total net sales and revenues of $23.1 billion. Earnings included about
$330 million in after-tax charges for a goodwill writedown and voluntary employee-separation program. Overall, net income was down 57 percent on a 19 percent decline in sales and revenue. Lower results are never good news. However, for the year,
John Deere recorded its eighth-highest earnings total despite the challenging business conditions. That’s a tribute to our progress developing a more flexible cost and asset structure while remaining squarely focused on helping customers increase their own profitability and productivity.
Net Sales and Revenues (MM) Operating Profit (MM) $2,871 $3,420
Samuel R. Allen
President & Chief Executive Officer
Our company again generated strong cash flow, with net cash from operating activities totaling nearly $2 billion on an enterprise basis. That was more than enough to fund a healthy level of capital projects and pay out a record amount in dividends to shareholders.
Deere’s performance of recent years reflects in large part our success delivering more profit from a lean slate of assets. For some time now, we have been developing a cost and asset model that aspires for all our businesses to earn their cost of capital – and thus deliver SVA, or Shareholder Value Added – in even the worst markets. In 2009, our equipment operations reported slightly positive SVA in spite of extremely trying conditions in construction and forestry, turf care, and certain areas of farm machinery.
Though its results were lower, the newly created Agriculture and Turf division (A&T) performed well in a difficult economy primarily on the strength of large-equipment sales in the United States and Canada. A&T reported operating profit of $1.4 billion and SVA of $441 million, while efficiently managing assets and providing a high caliber of customer service.
In other parts of our business, Construction and Forestry (C&F) had an operating loss for the year. However, its results were quite impressive considering the unprecedented decline in its markets. C&F introduced advanced new products, expanded into new geographies and gained market share in key categories.
     $24,082 $28,438 $23,112
$1,607
Net Income (MM)
$1,822 $2,053 $873
                     2007 2008 2009 2007 2008
2009
2007 2008 2009
3

  Loaded with premium features without a premium price, the John Deere 3E-series tractors (3038E shown) feature hydrostatic transmissions and electro-hydraulically operated independent PTOs, in simple-to-operate tractors. Other qualities include higher engine power and greater loader lift capacity.
Part of the company’s largest-ever launch of golf course equipment, the 7500 E-Cut mower is one of three new fairway models built on hybrid technology. Machine has more power but offers quieter operation and improved fuel economy. Electric-driven cutting units reduce risk of hydraulic leaks.
 4
Credit Providing Solid Support
Making a further contribution to last year’s performance was John Deere Credit, which remained profitable and, importantly, continued providing uninterrupted financing to equipment customers. This was a major accomplishment in light of the difficulty many finance companies experienced raising funds during the year. Even at the depths of the global financial crisis, our operations enjoyed access to the credit markets on favorable terms. The enterprise was able to borrow some $9 billion, funding virtually all upcoming debt maturities in the year ahead. This success was largely the result of a conservative capital structure and the credit operation’s long record of low loan losses and high portfolio quality.
Another significant event in 2009 was the merging of our agricultural equipment and commercial and consumer equipment businesses, which officially became known as the Worldwide Agriculture and Turf division at mid-year. The new organization’s global operating model leverages common processes, standards and resources. It is expected to deliver annual savings of at least $50 million. Of equal importance, as a more streamlined and customer-focused business, A&T should be able to operate with greater agility and effectiveness.
Committed to Guiding Principles
This is my first message to investors as Deere’s president and chief executive officer. It was my privilege to be elected president by the Deere board of directors in June then to become the ninth chief executive officer in August. My background includes 34 years of service in all the company’s major businesses, including my most recent role as head of the Construction and Forestry division. As CEO, I will remain fully dedicated to our guiding principles, stressing the importance of integrity, quality, commitment and innovation in everything we do. I also plan to maintain and strengthen an emphasis on the SVA model and maximizing returns on capital.
No leader can be more effective than those around him or her. Fortunately, my efforts are receiving expert support and counsel from a capable team of senior leaders. All share an allegiance to the company’s values and a passion for serving customers, employees, investors and other stakeholders at the highest level.
It is appropriate to pay tribute to Bob Lane, my predecessor as chief executive, who led the company with great distinction over the last nine years. Bob’s vision and integrity took John Deere to entirely new levels of performance and of promise. Because of his leadership, especially his gift for engaging and inspiring talented employees and leaders, the company is well-positioned to endure today’s difficult economic environment and well-prepared to seize the powerful long-term trends so important to our future.
Tailwinds Shaping Plans
Today’s global economic slump has done little to calm the macroeconomic tailwinds that hold such potential. In spite of recent slowing in population growth, the world still is gaining about 200,000 people – and new mouths to feed – every day. That is expected to result in about 3 billion additional people living on this earth by 2050. Of equal importance, a larger middle class is leading to new levels of demand for food and for energy, including biofuels such as ethanol. As a result of growing

consumption, worldwide stocks of key farm commodities have fallen near historic lows in relation to use. By some estimates, agricultural output will have to double by mid-century to satisfy demand. That will definitely require further advances in farming productivity to achieve.
Positive trends like these should benefit the sale of sophisticated farm machinery and be good for our other businesses as well. In addition to spurring the need for food, a growing, more affluent population will lead to an expanded requirement for housing and global infrastructure, therefore supporting the sale of construction and forestry equipment.
The global economic slump may delay the pace at which these developments move ahead. In our view, however, they remain very much intact and are likely to play a vital, extremely constructive role in John Deere’s future.
Targeting SVA Growth
Extending the John Deere brand to a wider worldwide audience remains a top priority. Last year, the recession hurt Deere’s sales outside the U.S. and Canada. Yet they still equaled 37 percent of our total equipment sales and have more than doubled in this decade. A number of important projects were announced or moved ahead last year aimed at promoting growth on a global scale. These included a new manufacturing and parts complex in Russia expected to be operational in 2010. We also formed a joint venture in India for the manufacture of backhoes and four-wheel- drive loaders. The investments build on earlier ones that have added significantly to our capacity and marketing presence worldwide.
Expanding our product range and entering attractive new business segments are vital to growth. Among the products introduced in 2009 was a new lineup of high-powered row-crop tractors, as well as the company’s largest-ever planter and most powerful forage harvester. Deere also brought out a new family of innovative zero-turn-radius mowers for commercial customers and had a major launch of golf course mowing and maintenance equipment.
Long a company strength, innovation lies at the heart of our plans to capture new customers and capitalize on positive economic trends. In 2009, the company received a number of honors for its highly advanced products and features, including six medals awarded at the world’s largest agricultural-equipment trade show in Germany. Among the innovations recognized was a future steering concept for tractors that enhances efficiency and safety. In addition, the company continued development of new engines that meet customer requirements for power and efficiency yet produce lower emissions. The engines will be included on some products being introduced for model-year 2011.
Key to the success of all John Deere products, whether brand- new or well-established, is an experienced, professional network of independent dealers. Deere dealers provide crucial support for our products and help deliver compelling value to our customers. As important as positive trends and productive equipment are to John Deere’s future, their full impact can be realized only when combined with the expertise of a committed dealer channel.
5
  Among the industry’s most productive forwarders, the John Deere 1910E features extreme speed and strength for moving heavy loads. Model boasts two-metric-ton increase in payload and greater power, hydraulic pump capacity, and tractive force. E-series machines also have rotating and leveling cabs that increase efficiency and give operators a better view of the work area.

  An industry first, the 7030 E Premium tractors (7530E shown) feature integrated electrical distribution and power management system that can drive electric and hybrid implements. Marketed primarily in Europe, series wins innovation award in U.K. in 2009.
Operating Excellence Driving Strategy
Rigorous asset management remains a cornerstone of our strategy to deliver economic profit on a more consistent basis. Though the company’s asset efficiency has shown dramatic improvement in recent years, last year’s performance warrants particular attention. In declining by $1.3 billion, trade receivables and inventories remained at 24 percent of the year’s sales, the lowest point in recent times. Keeping inventories in line with such a steep sales decline reflects our improving ability to balance factory production with retail market conditions.
Much of our success managing assets has resulted from investments targeting improved efficiency and the adoption of related operating processes and principles. Almost all major manufacturing facilities have undergone modernizing projects to help them become more efficient and flexible. Last year, the company continued with capacity or workspace expansions at tractor factories in the United States, Brazil and China, and at its U.S. combine-harvester plant.
Also of significance, two important manufacturing systems were integrated during the year, creating a single program for factory production and product quality. Standardized processes now in place at facilities throughout the world are helping the company address the growing complexity of its businesses and achieve greater consistency, efficiency and quality.
Extending Proud Record of Citizenship
John Deere takes its responsibilities as a corporate citizen seriously. The company and the John Deere Foundation have continued to partner with many worthy organizations involved with world hunger, community betterment and higher education.
Solutions for world hunger remained the John Deere Foundation’s signature program in 2009. Active support continued for KickStart International, which designs and distributes manually-operated irrigation pumps for subsistence farmers in Africa, and for Opportunity International, which provides microfinance support. In the United States, the company increased funding for local food banks and helped start or expand student “backpack” programs, which provide food supplies for more than 5,000 needy children over weekends. Additional grants of $1 million were approved for United Way organizations in major U.S.-unit communities. In total, the company, its employees and foundation made donations to United Way of some $5 million last year.
  6
One of nine new highly productive, reliable D-series skid steer and compact track loader models, the 318D skid steer offers easier operation and servicing. Among its features is an enhanced cab for productivity and comfort.

 What about employee safety? John Deere facilities are among the safest in the world – and this exceptional employee-safety record got even better in 2009. The company’s lost-time frequency rate showed further improvement and remained in line with historic lows. Our hydraulic-cylinder factory in Illinois set an all-time company record for operating 14 consecutive years without a lost-time injury.
Deere operations extended their proud record of environmental achievement and stewardship in 2009 by, among other means, increasing the use of renewable-energy sources to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions. Our factory in Pune, India, installed a rooftop solar water-heating system to minimize electricity consumption. Demonstrating a commitment to sustainable operations, the company’s factory in Torreon, Mexico, created an ecological preserve for recycling landscape materials used onsite.
We continued developing product solutions that are less disruptive to the environment and conserve natural resources. Soil moisture monitoring sensors from John Deere Water are helping farmers better manage their irrigation needs and use water more judiciously. Also, new hybrid fairway and greens mowers offer reduced fuel consumption, quieter operation and less chance of hydraulic leaks.
Promoting Inclusion & Collaboration Through Team Enrichment
Through the aligned efforts of a dedicated global workforce over 50,000 strong, John Deere is establishing a performance-based culture that is making quite an impact on our results. In this regard, the company’s team-enrichment initiative made further progress in 2009. By promoting a more global and inclusive work environment, Team Enrichment aims to help the company attract, develop, and retain talented employees from all backgrounds. During the year, the company introduced a series of metrics to chart our progress in these critical areas. Another focus was integrating solutions identified by regional team-enrichment councils into the operating units. Included was a teaming process that reinforces inclusive behaviors and supports global teamwork and collaboration.
Last year’s employee survey showed widespread improvement in key dimensions of engagement while stressing the importance of strengthening the manager-employee relationship. Further, in recognition of our focus on developing employees to help meet tomorrow’s business challenges, Deere’s leadership-development efforts were ranked 14th in the world by a Fortune magazine survey.
Well-Positioned for Future
All of us at John Deere are proud of our performance in 2009. In the face of intense economic pressure, the company remained on a profitable course, bolstered its financial position and extended its global market presence.
Looking ahead, we’re forecasting another profitable year in 2010 though conditions are expected to remain challenging overall. Building on gains from 2009 and earlier years, we’ll be setting the stage to fully capitalize on a future recovery in our markets. We’ll be making preparation for a promising future based on the world’s prospects for population and economic growth over time.
The global economic slump has taken a toll on the results of John Deere and other companies. But it has not changed the fact that an expanding population still needs food to eat, clothes to wear, shelter to live in, and infrastructure to support
its lifestyle. Nor has the recession changed our belief that John Deere remains exceptionally well-positioned to respond to these needs, day in and day out.
We understand the importance of this opportunity and are excited by the chance it gives us to enable human flourishing, and promote a higher quality of life, for all people throughout the world.
On behalf of the John Deere team,
Samuel R. Allen
December 17, 2009
 7
 New for 2009, the John Deere DB120 planter sets the standard for size and productivity in the large-frame market. The 48-row, 120-foot-wide planter is company’s largest model. Award-winning technology allows for precise control of planting units. That helps reduce input costs and the chance of overseeding.
