 Chairman’s Message
Sound Execution Driving Strong Results
Robert W. Lane
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John Deere aspires to distinctively serve customers, those linked to the land, through a great business. During fiscal year 2008, the company made further progress in the pursuit of this aspiration, which continues to guide our actions.
Earnings reached record levels for a fifth straight year. We continued to bring advanced new products to our customers and introduced the power and value of the John Deere brand to a growing global audience. For the first time, over half of our agricultural equipment sales came from outside the United States and Canada. Growth in developing areas such as Brazil, Russia and Central Europe was especially impressive.
In all, 2008 was a year of significant achievement. Net income reached $2.05 billion on total net sales and revenues of $28.4 billion. Agricultural equipment sales rose 37 percent, or by more than $4 billion, as those operations had their best year ever. Earnings per share increased 18 percent with net income up
13 percent.
As a result of our success generating profit while carefully managing assets, the company is producing strong levels of economic profit, or Shareholder Value Added (SVA). This measure, which has been driving everyday operations in our company since 2001, reflects our determination to invest in products, projects and businesses that consistently yield returns in excess of an underlying cost of capital. SVA increased last year to $1.7 billion. In each of the last five years, it has been more than twice as high as in any year prior to the period.
Relentless SVA Focus
Such a relentless focus on SVA has helped the company achieve record results even with some of our key markets in a depressed condition. The U.S. economic slump, as an example, slowed construction and forestry (C&F) and commercial and consumer equipment (C&CE) sales last year. Yet both divisions remained solidly profitable and delivered further SVA.
In spite of the severe downturn in housing construction, the
C&F division saw a sales decline of only 4 percent last year
with an operating margin of almost 10 percent. Such steadiness is due to an improved ability to match factory production with retail orders and purge unnecessary costs. C&F also has found great success delivering a powerful value proposition to customers based on responsive service, machine productivity and low operating costs.
Also of vital importance, our credit operation in 2008 extended its worldwide reach and remained a reliable profit source.
John Deere Credit has continued to provide an uninterrupted flow of financing to creditworthy customers, while benefiting from a portfolio of high quality loans and leases.
Powerful Trends
As we’ve noted in previous annual reports, powerful demographic trends should bring great benefits to John Deere. The world’s population continues to grow, adding literally thousands of new mouths to feed by the hour. Combined with improved living standards, this has led to greater worldwide demand for food and for energy, including biofuels such as ethanol. Global consumption of wheat, corn and soybeans has increased by approximately 20 percent in this decade alone. Related trends, pointing to increased demand for shelter and infrastructure, support a healthy outlook for our other businesses. Although economic uncertainties may moderate the impact of these developments today, we have continued confidence that
John Deere will reap significant gains from them over time.
Growth Through Innovation
Our primary growth metric is to achieve average, sustainable SVA gains of 7 percent a year over the business cycle. That’s a challenging goal, inevitably requiring higher sales and an unwavering focus on innovation. Long a company strength, innovation is critical to profitably expanding our markets and meeting customer needs for advanced equipment. Innovation is so important that we target at least 30 percent of future SVA
 Net Sales and Revenues (MM) Operating Profit (MM)
$2,426 $2,871 $3,420
Net Income (MM)
$1,694 $1,822 $2,053
    $22,148 $24,082 $28,438
                     2006 2007 2008 2006 2007 2008
2006 2007 2008
3
 
 New to the market for 2009, the 7760 cotton picker extends John Deere’s leadership in cotton harvesting. As the first machine that builds round modules on the go, the innovative model offers non-stop harvesting and higher- quality cotton, reducing the need for other cotton equipment in the field.
 growth to come from products, processes or geographies new to Deere. To help direct these efforts, we have identified key areas, or innovation spheres, that have ample growth potential and relevance to our operations. Two of these – water management and renewable energy – are already the basis of successful John Deere businesses and are helping the company build a competitive advantage in those areas.
Profitably extending the John Deere brand to a wider worldwide customer base remains a top growth priority, as well as an area of considerable achievement. Last year, Deere sales outside the United States and Canada surpassed $10 billion for the first time. Sales in the emerging markets of Brazil, Russia, India, and China continued their strong growth and are now more than three times the level of 2006. While some of these countries have been hurt by the recent global economic slowdown, they should continue to be an attractive source of John Deere sales and market-share growth.
In support of our growth initiatives, the company in 2008 invested $1.4 billion in capital projects and acquisitions. Included were farm-machinery factory expansions in Brazil and the United States, which will help meet the world's growing demand for advanced tractors and combines. We also implemented plans for construction-equipment joint ventures in China and India. In addition, Deere made a pair of water- management acquisitions, which build on our 2006 purchase of Roberts Irrigation. We also made further investments in wind energy, an area that is healthy for both the environment and rural economies. The company, as well, continued to make a significant financial commitment to new engine technology in response to increasingly demanding environmental standards.
Operating Excellence
Rigorous asset management lies at the heart of our strategy to achieve more consistent returns, add to our comparative advantage, and weather tough economic times. Trade receivables and inventories ended the year at their lowest point
as a percent of sales in recent times and asset turns again edged higher. Much of our success managing assets and executing the John Deere strategy comes from the adoption of robust, common operating processes and practices at units across the enterprise. These apply to a range of activities, from product development and order fulfillment, to managing day-to-day factory operations. Following rigorous processes everywhere helps address the growing scope and scale of our operations and helps achieve increased levels of consistency, simplicity, efficiency and quality. Many of our approaches are unique to Deere and hard to copy.
With respect to quality improvement, the company is aggressively implementing the Deere Product Quality System (DPQS), a set of world-class manufacturing practices designed to meet rising customer expectations for increased product reliability. Product lines responsible for most of the company’s sales received advanced quality certification through 2008. DPQS is expected to make a major impact on the company’s ability to further serve customers and reduce expense as the effort advances quality to a still-higher level.
Proud Record of Citizenship
As a leading corporate citizen, Deere takes its responsibilities seriously. In this regard, employee safety has always been one of John Deere’s top priorities. In 2008, our facilities remained among the safest in the world with employee injury-frequency rates in line with the company's historic lows.
As an environmental leader noted primarily for advanced equipment designed to treat the environment with increasing care, the company also has made sustainability an integral part of its operations. A case in point is the new biomass energy system that went into operation during the year at our German combine factory. It enables the facility to provide for much of its own heating and cooling needs, while reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Further in 2008, Deere announced plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from its global operations as part of
 Successfully introduced in 2008, the 5055E is a versatile member of an innovative 45-105 hp utility tractor line. The open-station 5E series provides exceptional value through high durability and performance at an economical price.
4

 Primed to set the standard for speed and productivity, the John Deere 764 HSD is the industry’s first articulated, tracked, high-speed dozer. New for 2009, it can handle finish grading at twice the speed of other machines and not damage surfaced areas while in transit.
 participation in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Climate Leaders program.
In addition, the company and the John Deere Foundation have continued to support worthy organizations and causes, most often involved with community betterment, education, and solutions for world hunger. In 2008, the foundation continued its sponsorship of water-pump sales to small farmers in Africa and also made a substantial grant for microfinancing support to farmers there. In a year of major natural disasters, the foundation contributed to relief efforts in China, Mexico
and the United States.
Success Through Teamwork
Through the aligned efforts of a dedicated workforce more
than 50,000 strong worldwide, John Deere is establishing a performance-based culture that is making quite an impact on our results. Deere’s team-enrichment initiative supports this emphasis on employee teaming and collaboration. By promoting a more global and inclusive work environment, team enrichment helps the company strengthen its competitive advantage through the attraction and retention of highly talented employees from all backgrounds.
The Challenge Ahead
John Deere, like many companies, faces considerable market uncertainty and what will likely be a challenging year ahead. This, however, is the kind of situation we’ve been facing, and adapting to, for some time in certain markets. Our unrelenting focus on holding down costs and keeping factory production in line with the retail marketplace – while continuing to make vital growth investments – is designed to help the company keep its balance in unsteady times and maximize performance in all conditions.
In addition, by expanding our global footprint and entering new businesses, we are establishing a more resilient, broader-based business lineup. We benefit, too, from a solid balance sheet.
Our equipment operations are nearly debt-free on a net basis and the credit business has maintained a prudent use of leverage. We’re confident these kinds of actions put John Deere in a good position to compete successfully in today’s historically volatile financial environment.
Perhaps more than anything else, talented people, tethered to a tradition of integrity, give Deere a proven competitive edge. Our dedicated workforce and corps of capable dealers worldwide are second to none in their commitment and market knowledge. What's more, they are unsurpassed in their ability to provide expert support to an increasingly sophisticated and intelligent product line.
Skilled Management Team
The depth and breadth of Deere's skilled management team
is notable. John Deere leaders throughout the world are driven to compete and win. Through their relentless contributions,
we strongly believe our actions to build and grow a sustainable, great business will meet with success.
Opportunities for meaningful improvement still abound. However, there is no doubt John Deere has what it takes to produce impressive results – and enduring performance – well into the future. As a result, humans will flourish around the globe, and we take great satisfaction in such a worthy outcome of our work.
To those we are privileged to serve, we say thanks for your continued confidence and support.
On behalf of the John Deere team,
Robert W. Lane
December 18, 2008
          John Deere expanded its advanced family
of zero-turn-radius mowers in 2008 with
the Z-Trak Estate series. The successful line offers the power, precision and durability of a professional landscape mower, plus the ease of use, comfort and control appreciated by time- strapped homeowners.
5
