TO OUR VA LUED S H A R EHOLD ERS
In 2009 Denny's built upon its return to profitability and continued to make significant progress in transforming the company's business model to a predominantly franchised organization. We focused on the strategic goals established three years ago and I am proud of the progress we made. Specifically, we increased profitability, refranchised additional company restaurants, opened new restaurants, and paid down debt all while building towards becoming a best-in-class franchise organization. The hard work of our team members and franchisees has propelled the business model transformation and increased operating margins, free cash flow, earnings power and system unit growth while lowering both our business and financial risk. Our ability to accomplish these goals despite the on-going samestore sales challenges faced by the industry and Denny's is evidence of the strength of the Denny's brand. This was an important year of continued progress in many areas, which combined greatly strengthen our Company and better position Denny's to reassert its leadership position in the midscale dining sector. Denny's embarked on its business model transformation in late 2006 with the sale of the majority of real estate sites on which our franchisees operate units. Shortly thereafter, in early 2007, we introduced our franchise growth initiative, or FGI. This program had two primary business objectives--to transition Denny's to a franchise-based business model with higher margins and lower capital requirements; and to seed new franchise restaurant development. By selling 290 company restaurants to franchisees in the short period of three years through FGI we have successfully shifted our franchise to company restaurant mix from 66% to 85%. Our ability to sell 81 units in 2009 at above industry average multiples, despite the difficult credit environment, clearly demonstrates the strong demand for Denny's units. Our ultimate goal is to reach a 90% franchise mix. Today, Denny's stands on its firmest financial footing since the mid-1980's. Through our business model transformation we have driven sequential improvements to our financial foundation and restaurant unit growth performance, this despite the recessionary environment we have been operating in since 2008. These benefits are evident in our results. In 2009, we increased our adjusted income before taxes, our internal measure of profitability, to $30 million, or by 29% compared with the prior year. We improved operating profitability through proactive menu mix management, efficiency improvement initiatives in labor and the continued reduction of administrative and support costs. With fewer company restaurants to operate we continue to dramatically lower our

The hard work of our team members and franchisees has propelled the business model transformation and increased operating margins, free cash flow, earnings power and system unit growth while lowering both our business and financial risk.

By selling 290 company restaurants to franchisees in the short period of three years through FGI, we have successfully shifted our franchise to company restaurant mix from 66% to 85%.

capital expenditures and resulting depreciation and amortization. In 2009 alone these fell by 34% and 19%, respectively. We also reduced our total debt by $49 million in 2009, which resulted in a $2.9 million, or 8%, decrease in interest expense. Since the transformation began in late 2006 Denny's has reduced its total debt by $275 million, or 50%. FGI, in addition to other key programs targeted at driving restaurant unit growth has been highly effective at re-energizing our existing franchise base as well as attracting new franchisees. Since 2007, we have brought in 42 new franchisees, or 17% of the system, and achieved commitments to build 185 new restaurants. In 2009, we opened 40 new restaurants, the most since 2001. We also had a net system growth of 10 units, our highest since 2000. We expect to build on this success in 2010. Non-traditional growth channels are equally important to us. In 2009, we opened three more units, for a total of seven, in Pilot Travel Centers--the nation's largest operator of travel centers. Recently, we also announced the opening of our first college campus location in partnership with Sodexo--a leading provider of integrated food and facilities management services in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. While the consumer environment continues to be challenging, as reflected by the 28 year low in the industry's same-store sales in the second quarter of 2009, we believe we can and will do better in driving guest counts. We are aggressively pursuing guest count growth along three distinct paths: value through everyday affordability; the introduction of

new products through a Limited Time Only platform; and, an increase in media presence. In 2009, we began to lay the groundwork for this approach with the following key accomplishments: national and regional value promotions with affordable "starting at" price points; a focus on innovation with 10% of our menu mix coming from new products including Pancake Puppies, the Grand Slamwich, and Sizzlin' Skillets; the establishment of local marketing co-operatives; and, the successful event that gave everyone in America a free Grand Slam, promoted through our first ever Super Bowl commercial. Over the past three years we have made considerable strides in transforming our business model. This has allowed Denny's to effectively manage through the challenging macroeconomic environment and to position ourselves favorably for when the economy improves. I want to thank our team members and franchisees for their passion, hard work and commitment to grow the brand. I would also like to thank our shareholders for their ongoing support. We remain confident that Denny's is in its best position in recent history to deliver enhanced shareholder value over time. There's never been a better time for Denny's.

Nelson J. Marchioli
Chief Executive Officer and President April 2010

