TO OUR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS
We are pleased to deliver another year of solid results and continued growth. In 2013, we generated our third consecutive year of positive system-wide same-store sales and opened 46 new restaurants worldwide. We ended the year with 1,700 locations around the world, including 101 locations outside of the United States, making Denny's one of the largest franchised, full-service American brands in the restaurant industry. Our ability to grow and strengthen the brand enabled us to grow Adjusted Net Income per Share* by 21% while generating $44 million of Free Cash Flow*. We have made great progress revitalizing the Denny's brand with improvements in food, atmosphere and service. Our comprehensive approach has enabled us to grow our sales, our geographic footprint and our family of franchisees. Most importantly, we have demonstrated that our franchise-focused business provides financial stability and flexibility while enabling us to generate earnings growth and significant free cash flow. As we continue to evolve to meet the everchanging expectations of our guests and the needs of our franchisees, we have further strengthened our position as a leader in our segment and the restaurant industry. We are pleased with the response from our guests at this stage, and with the strong partnership we enjoy with our very dedicated franchisees, and are excited about the future at Denny's. Our performance is a testament to our positioning as America's Diner, emphasizing everyday affordability, compelling breakfast and beyond breakfast offerings throughout the day, and a welcoming "come as you are" environment, open to all. Our greatest opportunities lie in front of us as there is much work still to be done to deliver additional shareholder value through our ongoing revitalization efforts. In our efforts to increase long-term shareholder value, we will continue to work closely with our franchisees to increase sales per restaurant as well as the number of new locations to drive profitability through our franchised-focused business. The free cash flow generated by this model will be balanced between making appropriate investments to grow and strengthen the brand and returning value to shareholders. With growing confidence and momentum, we remain committed to executing against our key objectives to increase shareholder returns through the revitalization of the Denny's brand.

Achieve Consistent, Positive Same-store Sales Performance through Continued Improvements in our Food, Atmosphere and Service
The foundation of Denny's revitalization is our competitively distinct and uniquely own-able America's Diner positioning. As America's Diner, or "the local diner" in the case of our international locations, we emphasize attractive everyday value and core menu offerings with improvements in our breakfast all day and beyond breakfast diner platforms. We have made great progress revitalizing the Denny's brand with improvements in our food, atmosphere and service. Evidence of our progress is seen in our positive sales performance relative to key industry benchmarks and stronger sales gains in many of Denny's key geographic regions.

* Please refer to the historical reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted Net Income per Share and Free Cash Flow set forth in Appendix A of our 2014 Proxy Statement.

Guests increasingly see us as a viable and relevant place to satisfy their cravings for their diner favorites and we continue to evolve our menu to meet their expectations. Improving the core menu with many new products for both our breakfast all day and beyond breakfast offerings is an ongoing process at Denny's. We have been pleased with the performance of our newer offerings like our Fit Fare® healthy options, spaghetti and meatballs, sirloin steak, prime rib cobb salad, our improved side dishes and our expanded skillet platform to name a few. In addition, we are extremely proud of the new coffee program introduced last year and will look for ways to strengthen our coffee culture and leverage one of the many strengths of our America's Diner positioning. At the beginning of this year, we launched a redesigned, reinvigorated core menu which further emphasizes our diner heritage. Going forward, we will continue to utilize a tiered pricing strategy combining exciting and flavorful new products and everyday value to motivate both heavy and light users to visit Denny's more frequently. Our limited time only menus will merchandise our strengthening beyond breakfast diner offerings, while also maintaining our core breakfast strength. Our compelling limited time only and core menu offerings are balanced with our highly competitive $2 $4 $6 $8 Value Menu® giving us very attractive starting price points for full service dining. Launched in 2010, our $2 $4 $6 $8 Value Menu® has over 75% brand awareness with a 19% average incidence rate. To further reinforce our America's Diner positioning, we are focusing on updating our atmosphere to reflect a more contemporary diner feel. Although 20% of our restaurants were built in the past five years, most of our restaurants are over 20 years old, with about 25% of locations on one of our older image schemes. While these older schemes have held us back in recent history, the goal for our new Heritage image is for the environment to create preference for our brand.

Our customers are looking for many things from our atmosphere: an up-to-date, yet come as you are space, a place to reconnect with family or friends, and a place with a warm environment and fresh décor like you would have at home. We have taken this feedback to heart, working closely with our franchisees to create an updated atmosphere with an attractive return on investment. We are encouraged by the positive consumer reviews and same-store sales increases we have seen so far. Of the 174 remodels completed last year, 49 restaurants incorporated the new Heritage image, including all 26 company restaurant remodels. In 2014, franchisees with remodels due will be utilizing the new Heritage image. With a typical 7year remodel cycle, approximately 70% of the system will be due a remodel over the next 5 years. The Company will be leading the way by accelerating remodels in 2014, focusing on our older looking restaurants first. Another key to our brand revitalization is to deliver consistent, reliable service and diner hospitality across all of our company and franchise locations. The implementation of our guest satisfaction tool in early 2011 has been a key driver of the improvements we have seen so far. Our strengthened operations team has increased emphasis on training restaurant-level staff, which has helped drive significant improvements in our guests' intent to return and intent to recommend scores. We are encouraged by the progress we have made to date and will continue our efforts to move to the top of the category. Our revitalization efforts to improve our food, atmosphere and service have put us further down the path to achieving consistent, positive samestore guest traffic and recovery of lost transactions over recent years.

* Please refer to the historical reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted Net Income per Share and Free Cash Flow set forth in Appendix A of our 2014 Proxy Statement.

Increase the Growth of the Denny's Brand both Domestically and Internationally through Traditional and Non-Traditional Locations
We have been growing the brand through traditional and non-traditional venues, both domestically and internationally. In 2013, our franchisees opened 46 new restaurants, which is the highest number of gross openings since 2001, excluding the Flying J conversions. We achieved a positive 12 net restaurant growth during the year bringing the total number of restaurants to 1,700, which is the highest restaurant count for Denny's since 2001. We added five international locations in 2013, including our first restaurants in Chile and El Salvador. Denny's now has over 100 restaurants outside the United States, which is the largest number of international locations of any American family-dining restaurant chain. We most recently signed a development agreement with a new partner to open 30 restaurants in the Middle East over the next ten years. In addition, we opened two non-traditional locations including the first non-traditional Denny's on a military base at Nellis Air Force Base in partnership with the Army & Air Force Exchange Service. This is a great milestone for the brand as it expands the number of potential demand points for Denny's in high profile nontraditional locations. Our franchised-focused business means we will be primarily growing through our existing and new franchisees. Our goal is to build on our momentum in filling our domestic and international pipelines, resulting in a growing number of net openings each year.

Be a model franchisor with close partnerships with our franchisees, communities and vendors.
I am pleased to say that our partnership with our franchisees is at an all-time high. They are the heart and soul of the Denny's family. We believe that the 15 new franchisees who joined Denny's last year demonstrates amazing vitality for an established brand and validates the growth potential of the brand. In fact, over 40% of our franchisees are new to the system since 2007, when we launched our refranchising strategy. We maintain a very high level of communication with franchisees who remain heavily involved in many key strategic initiatives. We have made investments in certain areas to further support our franchisees, like our enhanced new restaurant opening and training teams. We also have found ways to leverage our strong financial position to support key brand building initiatives. We have worked with a leading franchise lender to make a $250 million loan pool available to our franchisees for the Heritage remodel program. This kind of support is one of the many ways Denny's stands out among other restaurant franchising competitors.

Growing Profitability and Free Cash Flow* with a Disciplined Approach to Operating Costs, Corporate G&A Expenses and Capital Allocation
Over the past three years, Denny's has grown profitability while generating significant Free Cash Flow* after capital investments. We achieved Adjusted Net Income per Share* of $0.31 in 2013 while generating approximately $141 million of Free Cash Flow* during the last three years.

* Please refer to the historical reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted Net Income per Share and Free Cash Flow set forth in Appendix A of our 2014 Proxy Statement.

Our profitability and free cash flow growth are supported by a franchised-focused business with a more disciplined and focused approach to operational and capital spending. We have found ways to increase operational efficiencies to fund investments we are making in key areas like franchise recruiting and new restaurant opening and training. Our financial position has enabled us to make appropriate investments in the brand and facilitate franchisee growth, while also continuing to strengthen our balance sheet through debt repayments and returning cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. In 2013, we repaid $17 million of outstanding term loan debt and spent $25 million to repurchase 4.2 million shares. Since initiating share repurchases in November 2010, the Company has allocated $72 million towards repurchasing 15.8 million shares, with 9.2 million shares remaining in our current authorized share repurchase initiative at the end of 2013. We ended the year with total outstanding debt of $173 million and a total debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.2 times compared to 5.1 times at the end of 2005. As a result of our stronger balance sheet, growing profitability and free cash flow, we were once again able to capitalize on the favorable credit markets as we refinanced our credit facility in April 2013. This bank facility is a testament to the tremendous progress Denny's has made over the past several years with its franchise focused business. We can now say that we have erased the negative history we once had as an overleveraged company. In addition to the interest savings, the facility gives us enhanced flexibility for the use of cash, whether it's towards debt repayment, returning cash to shareholders, or using our balance sheet for brand investments like supporting third-party loan pools for our franchisees and direct lending to franchisees.

With a franchise-focused business that generates significant free cash flow, we will balance our capital allocation between making investments to grow and strengthen the brand, returning cash to shareholders, and to a much lesser extent, reducing outstanding debt. Given that we have a meaningful base of company restaurants, we will reinvest in our restaurants through our Heritage remodel program with the goal of having around 40% of our company restaurants remodeled by the end of the year. While these investments continue, we remain focused on growing adjusted earnings per share and anticipate generating over $44 million in Free Cash Flow* in 2014, after our capital investments. We remain focused on differentiating Denny's in a crowded market place and executing successfully on our strategies to further strengthen our position as America's favorite diner in 2014 and beyond. Our leadership team will continue to execute on an ambitious, but achievable growth plan to increase long-term shareholder value. It is an exciting time for our Company. I want to thank our customers, franchisees, team members, suppliers and shareholders for your continued support as we build upon the historical foundation and current momentum taking place at Denny's. I look forward to seeing you and your family and friends at America's Diner!

John C. Miller Chief Executive Officer and President April 2014

* Please refer to the historical reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted Net Income per Share and Free Cash Flow set forth in Appendix A of our 2014 Proxy Statement.

