TO OUR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 

At this point, I have been the CEO of Denny's for a little  over two months and have confirmed what I already  knew to be true:  Denny's is a great brand with  committed franchise partners, a very talented team of  people and a customer base that I'm confident we can  expand upon.  During 2010, we took several steps  toward becoming a much more competitive player in our  segment and industry.    From a development standpoint, 2010 was a banner year  for Denny's as we and our franchisees opened 136  restaurants. This effort was led by 100 Flying J  conversions with 79 converted by franchise owners.  In  addition, we opened six restaurants on college  campuses, two Denny's Cafe fast casual test restaurants  and one international restaurant in Honduras.  These  nontraditional efforts, along with our ongoing  traditional development, will provide many future  opportunities while introducing another generation of  customers to the Denny's brand.    The economic pressures in the world notwithstanding,  we were able to drive improvements in sales and, more  importantly, guest counts with the introduction of one of  our new core marketing strategies, the $2468 Value  Menu.  This return to a value focus provided more  reasons for more customers to experience Denny's.   These efforts resulted in a 1.1% guest count increase and  a five percentage point improvement in systemwide  sales during the second half of the year.  Though still  early,  initial indications are that our sales strategies are  working.    Denny's is currently in the strongest financial position it  has been in over the last ten years.  Our efforts over the  past few years have resulted in greater financial  flexibility and a solid balance sheet.  Following the  successful refinancing of our credit facility in 2010, we  repriced our debt in early 2011 to take advantage of  even lower interest rates, while also increasing our  borrowing capacity.  This new facility also gives us the  flexibility to repurchase shares of our common stock and  to pay dividends.  We recently completed the repurchase  of three million shares of our common stock and have  announced our intent to repurchase an additional six  million shares in the coming years. 
     

As I embark on my new role as Chief Executive Officer, I  am excited knowing Denny's is a brand that has not yet  captured its full potential. With new leadership in place  complimenting the strengths of our Chief Administrative  Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Mark Wolfinger,  Denny's is committed to becoming a more competitive  player in our segment. Our team comes with significant  industry experience.  As a result, we are already  benefiting from programs put in place by Frances Allen,  our Chief Marketing Officer, and Robert Rodriguez, our  Chief Operating Officer.  The opportunities to add to the  great work that has already been done are numerous.   While we still expect economic headwinds to persist, our  efforts to reinvigorate and drive this brand will continue,  not only in the United States, but internationally as well.   We will build on the Diner heritage, offering great food  in a warm, inviting and Always Open environment, that  has made Denny's the strong brand that it is today.    Our leadership team will continue to focus on developing  and executing on an ambitious, but achievable growth  plan to increase shareholder value over the long term.  It's an exciting time for our Company, and I want to  thank our customers who remain loyal in these  challenging economic times as well as our team  members, franchisees, suppliers and shareholders for  supporting us as we build upon the foundation currently  in place at Denny's.    I look forward to leveraging my 30 plus years of industry  experiences to build upon our current momentum and  accelerate the resurgence of the Denny's business and  brand.    

John C. Miller  Chief Executive Officer and President    April 2011 

 

America's diner is always open.TM 

