to o u r va lu e d s h a r e h o l d e r s

Denny's is an American icon. The brand began more than 55 years ago in California and has expanded to locations in 49 states and internationally. Over that time Denny's guests have come to rely on us for real breakfast and 24-hour service. While our restaurants still deliver the same great food and great value they always have, we are becoming a different company than we were several years ago--a better company. Over the past few years, we have been undergoing a transformation into an organization that is stronger from a financial perspective, more innovative in its marketing and operations, and better-positioned to drive growth across the brand. In early 2007, we introduced our franchise growth initiative, or FGI. This program had two primary business objectives--to transition Denny's to a franchise-based business model with higher margins and lower capital requirements; and to seed new franchise restaurant development. Through the success of our FGI program and the sale of 209 company restaurants to franchisee operators, we have shifted  our system mix to 80% franchised restaurants, up from 66% two years ago. The sale of lower-volume, less-profitable company restaurants allows us to optimize our company restaurant portfolio  while expanding our brand and providing growth opportunities for our franchisees. The financial benefit of this optimized business model is evident in our improving results. In 2008, we increased our adjusted income before taxes, our internal measure of profitability, by more than

120% compared with the prior year. We improved operating profitability through initiatives to lower food and labor costs and  increased organizational efficiency with reductions in administrative and support costs. We paid down our debt by more than $25 million, after $100 million reductions in each of the prior two years, which contributed to an 18% decrease in interest expense in 2008. With fewer company restaurants to maintain we also reduced our capital expenditures by 16% compared with the prior year. Such improvements would be welcome in any period, but to realize these achievements in such a difficult environment confirms our strategic direction.  Importantly, this transition is also resulting in energized growth across the Denny's system. We have enjoyed strong interest and participation in FGI from both new and existing franchisees, resulting in the most franchise restaurant openings since 2002. In 2008, 34 new Denny's restaurants were opened compared with 23 in the prior year. In addition, we have commitments to build more than 120 new restaurants over the next five years. Denny's is also pursuing new avenues for development to supplement our traditional growth channels. During the year, we expanded our  relationship with the largest operator of travel centers--Pilot Travel Centers. To date, we have three locations open and we are very pleased with their strong sales performance. Despite these positive developments our biggest challenge, as a restaurant operator and a franchisor, remains driving profitable guest traffic. Over the past few years, we have been able to raise

We are now in a favorable position to manage through these difficult times and to prosper when the economy turns.

average guest check through proactive menu management and drive intermittent traffic increases through selective discounting. However, we have not been as successful as we had planned in attracting and retaining light or lapsed customers that have drifted away from Denny's over the years. We are confronting this fundamental objective with heightened enthusiasm, resources, and talent. We are being aggressive in our pursuit of guest traffic growth, and are following two distinct paths to the customer: value and innovation. In 2008, we began the rollout of our new product pipeline including a brand new AllNighter menu for late-night, our new Sizzlin' Skillet line of entrees, check builders like our Pancake Puppies, and the handheld version of our Grand Slam breakfast, the Grand Slamwich. We also focused our marketing to remind our customers of the incredible quality and value they receive in these and other Denny's favorites. Most recently, in February 2009 we undertook a bold and aggressive initiative--to offer everyone in America a free Grand Slam-- and we promoted this event through our first ever Super Bowl com mercial. This event came together incredibly well, raised tremendous awareness of the Denny's brand, produced over whelming goodwill with our customers, and surpassed our expectations. While there were certainly costs to absorb surrounding this promotion, we have seen an encouraging lift in guest traffic trends since our Super Tuesday event.

We are in the midst of the most challenging economic environment in the history of Denny's and therefore remain cautious in our near-term outlook. However, the Denny's brand has never been stronger and we are encouraged by the opportunities ahead of us and the commitment of our team and our franchisees to capitalize on them. Over the past few years we have greatly strengthened Denny's financial position by aggressively reducing debt and extending our maturities. We are now in a favorable position to manage through these difficult times and to prosper when the economy turns. I want to thank our employees and our franchisees for their hard work to improve and grow the Denny's brand. I would also like to thank our shareholders for their ongoing support. Through our strategic initiatives and day-to-day execution in our restaurants, we are confident that we will continue our financial performance improvements and enhance shareholder value over time.

Nelson J. Marchioli Chief Executive Officer and President April 2009

