                                         GREGG L. ENGLES
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that 2006 was another year of strong growth at Dean Foods Company. Both of our operating units turned in solid performances, and we finished the year with double- digit EPS growth from continuing operations. At the same time, we made important progress in the execution of our long-term profit maximizing strategies. Overall, I am very pleased with our 2006 results and believe
we have entered 2007 with significant momentum.
Focused Execution
In 2006, our Dairy Group continued a consistent trend of growing volumes and increasing market share. Fluid milk volumes were up 2%, compared to USDA data showing a 1% increase in consumption. 2006 marked the fourth consecutive year that the Dairy Group won market share, which we believe indicates the success of our strategy of leveraging our size to be the lowest cost, highest value dairy supplier. Dairy Group operating income increased by 6% to $678 million in 2006, as a result of volume gains, lower raw material costs and improved efficiencies.
Early in the year, we launched a comprehensive capability and productivity enhancement program in the Dairy Group. This multi-year effort is intended to enable us to fully capture
the benefits of our scale in order to generate sustained, meaningful operating profit growth over time. First, we established a centralized procurement program designed to leverage our considerable purchasing power across the company. We have completed the foundational work for implementing rigorous and disciplined procurement procedures and in December we were successful in recruiting a first-rate Chief Procurement Officer. We have already begun to employ our new procedures, which will result in substantial savings over the next several years.
The second phase of this program is the restructuring of our Dairy Group’s accounting and finance organization. Historically, as we focused on growing the Dairy Group through a rapid series of acquisitions, these functions have been performed in a decentralized fashion at over 60 locations across the country. We now have the opportunity to significantly reduce our costs and upgrade our capabilities by transitioning our accounting and finance organization into a more focused and specialized group. We began the transition in the fourth quarter of 2006 and will move forward with a staged implementation throughout 2007 and into early 2008.
With these initiatives, the Dairy Group has entered a challenging and exciting period of transformation. These strategies and those that will follow support our commitment to lead the industry in low-cost production, superior customer service and return on investment. I am confident that these efforts will result in a more efficient and profitable dairy business model over time.
WhiteWave Foods also continued its record of strong operating performance in 2006. We saw impressive growth in our key brands, with sales of Horizon Organic® milk up 24% and sales of Silk® soymilk up 12% on a continuing basis. Despite a $40 million reduction in sales due to the impact of our SKU reduction initiative, total sales increased by 6.4%.
This sales growth and savings related to improved efficiency more than offset a $30 million increase in commodity costs and a sizable infrastructure investment, resulting in operating income growth of 21%.
We made considerable progress during the year toward optimizing the performance of WhiteWave Foods.
We continued to streamline our supply chain, which yielded incremental benefits as the year progressed, and we took initial steps in the execution of our strategy to strengthen our selling systems. We also made significant investments during the year to upgrade our talent base and our information systems. We successfully completed the first phase of the implementation of SAP, WhiteWave’s new enterprise resource system, and we expect to complete the conversion during 2007. This system will enable us to more effectively manage our business, and should result in meaningful profitability improvements in the future.
I am pleased with the progress we have made toward our goal of transforming WhiteWave Foods into a world-class, scalable consumer packaged goods company. With leading brands in key health and wellness categories and continuously improving capabilities, WhiteWave Foods is a unique
platform for sustainable growth and superior returns.
A Focused Portfolio of Assets
In 2005, we embarked on a strategy of refining our portfolio of assets to focus on our most promising opportunities. We began with the spin-off of TreeHouse Foods in June 2005, followed by the sale of our Marie’s® dressings and Dean’s® dips businesses. In the third quarter of 2006, we took another important step with the sale of our Iberian dairy operations. In the future, we will continue to analyze our portfolio to ensure that we are always focused on our greatest opportunities.
Dean Foods 2006 Annual Report
2

                                         Focusing on Shareholder Value
At Dean Foods Company, we are always intently focused on cash flow as a critical part of our strategy for maximizing shareholder value. In 2006, we used our strong free cash flow to repurchase
10 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $400 million, and to reduce our outstanding debt by $31 million. Over the past three years, we returned almost $1.4 billion to our shareholders through the repurchase of 38.2 million shares.
Based on our projections of continued strong cash flows, the positive outlook for our businesses and our transitioned strategic focus, our Board of Directors took an even more proactive approach in 2007 by returning $15 per share,
or approximately $2 billion, to our shareholders in the form of a one-time cash dividend. We funded the dividend, paid on April 2, with proceeds from a new credit facility, which enabled us to take advantage of attractive market conditions and lower our weighted- average cost of capital. This transaction created a capital structure that is more closely aligned with the characteristics of our business, and leaves us with sufficient cushion to manage unforeseen developments or pursue highly compelling tuck-in acquisitions or stock buybacks. We intend to use our free cash flow to reduce our debt, with the ability to return to our pre- dividend debt level within three to four years. We believe this transaction demonstrates our long-standing commitment to delivering outstanding value to our shareholders.
The New Dean Foods:
Focused on Tomorrow
As we look to the future, we continue to see many opportunities to deliver increased value. We believe we have a uniquely advantaged position with a leading portfolio of products in better- for-you categories, including not only traditional dairy products but also
organic milk, soymilk, yogurts and a variety of other wholesome, delicious products. As we move forward, our primary focus will continue to be on providing consumers with the high quality nutritious food and beverage choices that they increasingly demand.
Heading into 2007, our Dairy Group is in the early stages of a multi-year capability and productivity enhancement program that we believe will result in notably improved profitability. In 2007, we will substantially finalize the realignment of the Dairy Group’s accounting and finance organization. We also will begin work on the next three phases of the program: optimizing manufacturing, strengthening our selling systems to take full advantage of our unique DSD system, and brand-building and innovation.
At WhiteWave Foods, we will complete the conversion to SAP and continue to enhance our selling systems. We also will place an increased emphasis on brand-building and innovation, as we continue on the path toward becoming a top-tier consumer packaged goods company.
I want to thank our 26,000 employees for the role each of them plays in our success. Our people are our most valuable asset – and what truly makes Dean, Dean.
And thank you to our shareholders for your continued support. I believe we are well-positioned for sustained long-term growth, and I look forward to reporting another year of outstand- ing results.
Gregg L. Engles Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
What Makes Dean, Dean
            3
Dean Foods Company
2006 Scorecard
2006 was another year of strong performance at Dean Foods Company. Both of our operating units saw a healthy increase in operating profits, and we made important progress on our long-term productivity and efficiency enhancement initiatives. Here are some of our key successes in 2006:
Dairy Group Operating Profit WhiteWave Operating Profit Fluid Milk Volume Sales
Silk® Soymilk Continuing Sales Horizon Organic® Milk Sales International Delight® Sales Cash from Operations
up 6% up 21% up 2% up 12% up 24% up 7% up 4% 10 million
Shares Repurchased
