A Letter from Our Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerDear Fellow Shareholder:
Dean Foods experienced a defining year in 2008. After anunprecedented year in 2007 of commodity volatility underscoredby extraordinary worldwide economic challenges, our2008 results steadily improved. In fact, by many measures, thefourth quarter represented the best in our company’s history.We’re in the Growth BusinessOver the course of the last two years, we have learned tobetter manage commodity volatility, and our businesses haveshown a great underlying strength.In 2008, we returned to our legacy of delivering solid profitgrowth that is well-balanced across markets, categories,customers and products. Dean Foods performed with determination,supported by focused strategies and strong executionacross our business. And, we are moving forward with a clearstrategic agenda — a company on a growth trajectory.A Company Built to Withstand Difficult TimesThe business overcame a slow start in the first quarter to postfull-year consolidated adjusted operating income growth of7%,* marking a solid rebound from 2007’s depressed resultsand returning the business to its historical long-term trendof mid- to high-single digit operating income growth. Fluid milkvolumes in DSD Dairy, now called Fresh Dairy Direct, grew1.5% and full-year segment operating profits increased 10%.Sales at WhiteWave-Morningstar were 10% higher than theprevious year, and while segment profit was flat for the year, itimproved materially in the fourth quarter.

In 2008, Dean Foods returnedto its legacy of profit growthin spite of the many andvaried difficulties we faced.

Free cash flow for 2008 was the highest in our history at$462 million.* Our strong cash flow, combined with ourequity offering in February 2008, led to debt reduction of$783 million during the year, which significantly deleveragedour balance sheet. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were8% above 2007 results.*As we move into 2009, energy prices have dropped fromtheir peak levels in 2008. In addition, the dairy marketshave declined sharply from historic highs to historic lows, asexport demand for U.S. dairy commodities decreased materiallyin the second half of 2008 and into 2009.The true power and resiliency of our business model wasreflected in our ability to rebound and return solid resultsin 2008. I’m proud of the accomplishments of our employeesas they navigated continued commodity volatility and deliveredan outstanding year.

Strong Leadership in a Healthy CategoryWe are entering 2009 with significant momentum as theleader in the dairy case and the largest company in thebroader $44 billion refrigerated case. We are five times thesize of our nearest conventional milk competitor, with leadingbrands in rapidly growing branded sub-categories, includingsoy and organic.From a retailer perspective, the dairy case is a destinationin the store, making it especially important to their strategies.Demand in the segment stays relatively consistent fromyear to year and the category’s health and wellness credentialsremain strong, with clear potential for future expansion.Three Competitively Advantaged Business PlatformsOur portfolio of businesses and the key strategies we haveunderway for transforming Dean Foods give us one of themost compelling investment theses in the consumer packagedgoods space today.We are pleased to unveil a new name for our DSD (directstore delivery) Dairy segment that we believe expresses thestrength of this business: Fresh Dairy Direct. As the industry’sonly player with a national manufacturing and distributionfootprint, we have an unmatched ability to bring fresh dairyproducts directly to our customers every day, from coast tocoast. This $9.8 billion business is the clear, low-cost leader inits category, with deep national and local execution capabilities.WhiteWave Foods, our $1.5 billion premium branded businessthat houses our Silk, Horizon Organic, InternationalDelight and Land O Lakes® brands, started its own transformationfrom three sub-scale businesses in 2004.Morningstar Foods is our $1.2 billion extended shelf lifeprivate label dairy business. We are just beginning to invest inMorningstar’s transformation, which will contribute to Dean’sgrowth for years to come.
A Clear Plan for the FutureIn 2008, we completed a three-pronged strategic growth planthat maximizes our competitive advantage.Strategy One: Extend Our Low Cost PositionOur top priority in the near term is to extend our low costposition in the industry. We have detailed initiatives in fourkey areas that will drive $300 million of cost productivity overthe next three to five years.First, we will optimize our plant network to ensure we aremaking the right products in the right locations at the lowestpossible cost. In keeping with this strategy, in 2008 weclosed four facilities, removing excess capacity and expensefrom our manufacturing system. Second, we are developing adisciplined culture of continuous improvement across ourmanufacturing base, leveraging our deep expertise to drivebest practices across the network.Third, we will refine our distribution methodologies to lowercost and build differentiated service offerings for our customers.And fourth, we will continue to leverage our total spend base toachieve procurement savings. In addition, WhiteWave expects tocapture $50 million in savings during the next three to five years.Driving to the lowest cost position is our clear focus forthe near term. We plan to lower our cost structure across theentire supply chain — from farm to fridge.

Our Strategic Growth Plansets a clear path for thefuture with a focus on threecore strategies.

Strategy Two: Drive Revenue & Profit in Our CoreThe second element in our plan is to strengthen our corefranchises by driving volume, revenue and profit growth. Toachieve this goal in our Fresh Dairy Direct business, we planto transform what has been a disparate collection of sales anddistribution methods and models into a standardized professionalselling and delivery powerhouse. This will allow us tocontinue to better meet our customers’ needs and win sharefrom our competitors.At WhiteWave, we plan to continue driving strong top-linegrowth through investments behind our core brands, as well asthrough new, innovative product introductions. Silk is introducinga new natural line this year, as well as a product designed tolower cholesterol up to 7% in just four weeks.As the leading national organic milk, Horizon Organiccontinuesto innovate with consumer-preferred formulationslike our DHA-enhanced product. At the same time, we aretaking steps to drive profitability in the brand.As more and more consumers drink coffee at home,International Delight is bringing the coffeehouse experiencehome with innovative new flavors and consumer-preferredpackaging. Our Land O Lakes creamer business continuesto offer a strong value proposition behind a trusted brand.
Strategy Three: Invest for Growth
Our third strategic component is to invest for growth. We believe the chilled case is highly attractive and ripe for innovation. As the scale player in the category, we look forward to leading growth and innovation through stepped-up investments in research and development and innovation, and by optimizing our exist ing manufacturing and distribution capabilities.
We have a number of exciting new concepts under develop­ment, led by the teams located in our new Research & Development and Innovation Center . We are also introducing
 
The Road Ahead
As we look to the future, Dean Foods is a well-positioned leader in attractive categories. We have multiple paths to drive strong future performance: cost productivity, revenue and profit driving initiatives in our core businesses, and the opportu­nity to invest in new capabilities and platforms for future growth. Our leadership team is intent on delivering to our potential, and has a clear path to achieve our near- and intermediate-term objectives. Al l of these factors should generate sustainable, top-tier earnings progression over time.
With a solid vision for the future, strong commitment to sustainable practices and a healthy approach to growing our business, Dean Foods is poised to continue delivering reliable, consistent growth.

Thank you for your confidence and support.

