                                         DEAN FOODS 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
Keeping It Simple...
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
2005 was a year of great success at Dean Foods Company. Our Dairy Group and WhiteWave Foods units both turned in outstanding performances despite a difficult operating environment. We also made substantial progress during the year in our continuing efforts to focus our portfolio and maximize profitability. As we look to 2006 and beyond, we believe we are well positioned for continued growth and success.
   CONTINUED FOCUS ON OPERATIONS
Despite major hurricanes that negatively affected our sales and production capabilities in two important markets, significantly disrupted our supply chain and contributed to record-high oil prices,our Dairy Group finished the year with operating income up 7.3 percent. Dairy Group fluid milk volumes were up 2.5 percent for the year, compared to USDA data showing flat overall consumption. Over the past three years, the Dairy Group has consistently increased market share, as we have leveraged our size to be the lowest cost, highest value dairy case supplier. Our Dairy Group has an excellent track record of focused execution, and I am proud of their performance.
WhiteWave Foods also continued its record of strong operating performance in 2005. Sales were
up 13 percent for the year, and operating income increased by 32 percent. Our largest, most promising brands saw particularly robust sales growth,with Silk® sales up 20 percent and Horizon Organic® milk sales up 44 percent over 2004.
During 2005, we made good progress in the integration and consolidation of the three legacy WhiteWave companies. We now have one leadership team and an integrated sales force, which allows us to simplify and improve our customers’ purchasing experiences. We also transferred production responsibility for many of WhiteWave’s products from the Dairy Group to WhiteWave during 2005. WhiteWave is now producing its products in dedicated, long-run facilities and we are beginning to realize significant production efficiencies as a result. We expect those benefits to become increasingly evident in WhiteWave’s operating results in the latter part of 2006. In 2005 we began the process of streamlining WhiteWave’s product portfolio. We eliminated a significant number of SKUs
F
from our product line-up in order to focus on our greatest opportunities and improve efficiency in our supply chain in production and distribution. Although this reduction will dampen sales growth in the near term,we believe it will lead to higher growth and greater profits over time.
Overall,we finished 2005 significantly ahead of our goals. I am very pleased with the direction and momentum of our Dairy Group and WhiteWave businesses.
LEADERSHIP FOR TOMORROW
In October of 2005, we were pleased to welcome Joe Scalzo as President of WhiteWave Foods. With over 20 years of experience at major consumer product and beverage companies, most recently as Group President, Personal Care and Global Value Chain for The Gillette Company, Joe is a seasoned professional. He is a superb marketer with strong global supply chain expertise. I am confident that Joe brings the skills required to lead WhiteWave to the realization of its full potential.
At the end of 2005, Pete Schenkel retired as President of our Dairy Group. He will serve as Vice Chairman of our Board of Directors until the end of 2007, and take an active role to ensure a smooth leadership transition at the Dairy Group. I am deeply grateful to Pete for his many contributions to Dean Foods Company over the past six years. With more than 50 years of dairy industry experience,he led with unmatched expertise. We look forward to his continued presence on our Board of Directors and the integral role he will continue to play in our organization.
Pete was succeeded by Alan Bernon, formerly Chief Operating Officer of the Northeast region of our Dairy Group. Alan assumes his new role with 30 years of
2
F

                                         DEAN FOODS 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
 Forbes Platinum 400
Dean Foods Company was named to Forbes Magazine’s 2006 Platinum 400 list of the best managed large companies in the country. The companies are selected for the list on the basis of financial performance against their peers over the last five years and latest 12 months.
                 dairy industry experience and a long track record of successful leadership. He is highly respected within our company and in the dairy industry as a whole, and we are pleased to have him at the helm. I am confident that Alan is the right person to build on the Dairy Group’s history of success and to enable us to continue our leadership of the industry.
A REFINED PORTFOLIO OF ASSETS
In June of 2005, we successfully completed the tax-free spin-off of our Specialty Foods Group business, now known as TreeHouse Foods. The transaction contributed significantly to the growth in our market capitalization in 2005, with our combined market capitalization increasing over $1.1 billion, or 22 percent, from the time we announced the transaction in January until the completion of the transaction in late June. In August of 2005, we sold our Marie’s® dressings and Dean’s® dips businesses. Both of these transactions were important steps toward our goal of refining our portfolio of assets to focus on our biggest and best opportunities.
FOCUS ON SHAREHOLDER VALUE
In an effort to maximize shareholder returns, we spent approximately $700 million during 2005 to repurchase almost 19 million shares of our common stock.
LOOKING AHEAD
I continue to be enthusiastic about our prospects at Dean Foods, as we have many opportunities to create significant incremental value for our shareholders.
In our Dairy Group,we will focus on maintaining and growing our market share by providing customers with the highest level of service, quality and value. In this regard, we have launched a new, multi-year project
designed to extend our competitive advantage by further reducing our cost structure. In the initial phase of this project, we will take steps to better leverage our scale across our administrative and purchasing functions. We will reinvest a portion of those savings to innovate and grow. We expect these projects to have a meaningful positive impact on the Dairy Group’s profitability over time.
At WhiteWave Foods, we are continuing to build a world-class branded foods company. We have leading brands, such as Silk and Horizon Organic, in categories that are on-trend and growing. We are investing in our brands and innovating behind them to maximize their value. In 2006, we will continue to streamline our product portfolio and our supply chain in order to maximize our efficiency and our profitability. We are beginning to implement SAP as our enterprise system at WhiteWave. Once complete, we believe the system will provide us with the data we need to most effectively manage our supply chain and business processes and enable us to react more quickly to changing marketplace dynamics.
Finally, as always, we will continue to look for other ways to increase shareholder value, carefully analyzing our businesses to ensure that we are always taking advantage of our greatest opportunities.
Thank you for your continued support.
Gregg L. Engles
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
F
  3
F
