   2|DEAN FOODS 2002 ANNUAL REPORT
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
  2002 was a year of great accomplishment for the new Dean Foods Company.
Our primary focus during the year was the integration of legacy Dean Foods and Suiza Foods, the two largest dairy companies in the country. The integration, arguably the most challenging task in our history, was a complete success. I am extremely proud of all of our employees for their dedication to the integration process, and I am pleased to report that the results of the merger have far exceeded our expectations. We have emerged from the process stronger, poised to take our com- pany to exciting new heights. We are now able to provide our customers with better service and to do it with increased efficiency. Just as importantly, we now have greater resources to invest in our future.
Meeting Operating Goals
2002 was also an outstanding year operationally. All of our business units turned in results that met or exceeded their goals, in the midst of the signifi- cant merger integration activities. Our 2002 operating results are a testament to the skill and professionalism of our employees in the field. The pace of change has been extremely swift at our company over the past several years, and the fact that our operating units have consistently met or exceeded their budgets in the face of such rapid sys- temic change truly is a significant accomplishment.
Achieving Strategic Objectives
We also achieved several important strategic objec- tives during the year, beginning with the May 2002 purchase of White Wave, maker of Silk® soymilk and other soy products. Prior to the May transaction, we owned a minority interest in White Wave that we acquired as part of our acquisition of legacy
Dean Foods. Recognizing the enormous potential of the soymilk category and Silk in particular, we began working toward bringing White Wave fully into the Dean Foods family early in 2002. We are so pleased to welcome Steve Demos, founder of White Wave, and his team to our company. They are an extraordinarily talented and motivated group, and I am now more convinced than ever that Silk will be an important source of future growth for our company.
Another important strategic accomplishment during 2002 was the formation of our new alliance with Land O’Lakes. Now we have a license to use the LAND O LAKES® name nationally on milks and an array of other dairy products. The LAND O LAKES® brand has an impressive consumer following, and we are thrilled to be able to process and sell our products under this great brand. In the fall of 2002, we launched our first new product offering under the LAND O LAKES® label, and we expect to find other value-creating opportunities for this brand in the future.
We also focused in 2002 on rationalizing our asset base in an effort to ensure that our resources are properly aligned with our strategic direction. During the year, we divested three small non-core businesses that we acquired as part of legacy Dean Foods’ Specialty Foods Group. We also sold our Puerto Rico dairy operations.
Our business generates a significant amount of cash flow, and we are constantly assessing the most advantageous means for deploying our cash. In 2002, we reduced our indebtedness by a net amount of over $350 million and used approxi- mately $100 million to repurchase approximately 2.8 million shares of our common stock.
   
  Focusing on Our Brands
One of the most exciting results of the Dean Foods acquisition is our increased ability to make mean- ingful investments in our brands. We have identified our core set of “strategic brands” to include Silk® and Sun Soy® soy products, International Delight® coffee creamers, Hershey®’s milks and milkshakes, Land O Lakes® extended-shelf life dairy products, Folgers® Jakada® single-serve chilled coffee and milk beverage, Marie’s® dips and dressings and Dean® dips. During 2002, we invested approximately $130 million on developing, building distribution for, advertising and promoting our nationally branded products. We launched a number of new products and brand extensions and were pleased to report that unit sales of our strategic brands increased by more than 25% in 2002 (on a year- over-year basis, as if we had owned White Wave and Dean Foods for all of 2001 and 2002).
Looking Ahead
Our strategy over the coming years is straightforward. As always, we will focus first on our customers. We will strive to be our customers’ supplier of choice by continuing to provide them with the greatest service, quality and value in the industry.
We will continue to find ways to reduce our costs and improve our efficiency. We will continue to rationalize our operations, and you can expect us to close or sell facilities with overlapping markets or excess capacity. We will continue to carefully analyze our portfolio of businesses and divest those that do not meet our long-term strategic objectives.
We will continue to carefully invest our capital where we expect potential returns to be the greatest,
whether that means making acquisitions that fit our strategic objectives, repurchasing our common stock or our trust-issued preferred securities, or reducing our indebtedness.
Finally, we intend to continue to invest in our brands, because they will be an essential source of our continued growth. We will spend approximately $190 million marketing our strategic brands in 2003, and another $30 million on our regional Dairy Group brands. Creating value is the ultimate goal of our brand-building initiatives. Therefore, we will approach our future branding efforts with the same discipline that we have always employed in making investment decisions.
Earlier this year, I told a roomful of our key employees that I believe that the opportunity in front of us now at Dean Foods is the opportunity of our lifetime. We will seize this opportunity and, as always, we will strive to continue to deliver outstanding results and value to our shareholders. I thank all of our employees for their steadfast commitment to our company, and I thank you for your investment in and support of the new Dean Foods.
Sincerely,
  “...the opportunity in front of us now at Dean Foods is the opportunity of our lifetime.”
 Gregg Engles
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
       DEAN FOODS 2002 ANNUAL REPORT |3
