 Dean Foods 2004 Annual Report
Dean’s Place at the Table
At Dean Foods, we are proud to be in the business of enhancing and enriching the lives of consumers. Our
brands are known for freshness, purity, delicious taste
and impeccable quality. We sell fresh, nutritious dairy products under an array of local brands that have
been staples in their communities for generations. Meadow Gold®, Alta Dena®, Dean’s®, Country Fresh®, Oak Farms®, Mayfield®, and Garelick Farms® are just a few. Which one is on your table? We also are proud to be the nation’s leading organic foods company. Through our Silk® and Horizon Organic® brands, we are bringing healthy, delicious alternatives to tables across the country. From nutritious foods and beverages for people on the go – like single-serve milks, soymilks, juices and yogurts – to the creamy goodness of International Delight® coffee creamers, we make the products consumers rely on to enhance and enrich their lives. 2004 was an important year for us. Even as we faced an extraordinarily difficult raw material environment, we maintained our focus on our customers, and on reducing our costs, advancing our strategic objectives and maximizing shareholder value.
We are proud of our accomplishments in 2004 and we look forward to continuing to enhance, enrich and sustain our customers, our consumers, our employees, our communities and you, our shareholders.
1

 Dean Foods 2004 Annual Report
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
2004 was a challenging year for Dean Foods Company. We faced unprecedented volatility in raw milk prices, a difficult retail grocery environment and record-high fuel, resin and other commodity costs. These and certain other factors caused us to fall short of our operating income and earnings goals for the year.
At the same time, we accomplished several important objectives during the year. First, our Branded Products Group, which we have renamed WhiteWave Foods, had an outstanding year. WhiteWave Foods’ sales increased to $1.2 billion for the year, with operating margins more than doubling to 10%. We saw robust growth in all of our most important brands. Also, our Dairy Group was able to leverage its position as the industry’s low-cost producer to expand its market presence, posting an approximately 1% increase in fresh milk and cream volumes, compared to a 1% decline in overall consumption. Finally, we took several strategic steps that I believe well-position us to create significant shareholder value in 2005 and beyond.
Building a Better Company
We began the year with the acquisition of Horizon Organic® on January 2, 2004. As the leading brand of organic foods in the United States, Horizon Organic is a key addition to our branded portfolio. Net sales of Horizon Organic products increased 24% in 2004 over 2003, which we believe indicates the considerable growth potential of the brand.
Another meaningful strategic step was our acquisition in March 2004 of a license to use the Land O’Lakes® name on certain dairy products sold in the eastern United States. Now we have the exclusive right to use the Land O’Lakes brand on most dairy products (excluding cheese and butter) sold anywhere in the country, enabling us to effectively invest in national advertising and promotion. The Land O’Lakes brand is a superior brand with tremendous consumer loyalty and we believe it will be
a major contributor to the future growth and success of WhiteWave Foods.
In August 2004, we announced our decision to consolidate White Wave, Horizon Organic and the Dean National Brand Group, which are the three branded companies included within our WhiteWave Foods segment, into a single, stand-alone operating unit. This is a strategic move that we believe will create significant long-term value. We believe the consolidation will allow us to go to market more efficiently and effectively as a single sales and marketing organization, and enable us to create a more streamlined and cost-effective supply chain. The full integration of these businesses will be a lengthy process involving all aspects of the three companies’ operations. We are in the midst of the consolidation and reorganization process, and we expect to com- plete it by mid-2006.
In January of this year, we announced our intent to pursue a tax-free spin-off of our Specialty Foods Group to our shareholders. We were very fortunate to hire a highly regarded management team, headed by Sam Reed, former Chief Executive Officer of Keebler Foods, to lead the new company. We are very enthusiastic about this transaction and believe that it provides a unique opportunity to unlock value for our shareholders. The Specialty unit’s strong operating cash flow, combined with an unleveraged balance sheet, will provide the new management team with ample financing capacity for the potential expansion of its platform through targeted acquisitions and other initiatives. Following the spin-off, we will be able to further sharpen our focus on our core businesses. This transaction, which we expect to be completed in the third quarter of 2005, is another demonstration of our long-standing commitment to creating value for our shareholders.
We also took steps in 2004 to permanently eliminate certain operating costs from our system. We closed 8 Dairy Group facilities in 2004 that had
2

 excess capacity or overlapping operations, and we reduced headcount accordingly. The Dairy Group responded quickly to the adverse commodity environment by accelerating several plant closings scheduled for 2005 into 2004. We expect the Dairy Group to begin to reap the benefits of its 2004 cost reduction efforts as we move through 2005.
Outstanding Brand Performance
We made a substantial investment in marketing and promoting our brands in 2004, and we were pleased with the results. Silk® continued to perform well, with sales up 33% compared to 2003. Silk® market share in the retail grocery channel held steady at 78%, indicating that Silk® remains the clear market leader. We introduced several new Silk® products during the year, and initial reactions have been favorable.
We launched our first national print advertising campaign for Horizon Organic® in 2004 which, when combined with expanded distribution, helped to drive their impressive 24% increase in sales.
Sales of International Delight® increased 29% in 2004 compared to 2003. We believe the revived momentum of International Delight® is due to favorable consumer reaction to the new bottle introduced in 2003, new products introduced during 2004, including our new low-carb formulation, and our related marketing efforts.
Our portfolio of Land O Lakes® products also performed well in 2004. Sales of our Land O Lakes® half and half increased 14%, and sales of our entire portfolio of Land O Lakes® products increased by 34% over 2003.
Strengthening
Our Financial Position
We also made balance sheet improvements during 2004. We refinanced our bank facility in August to lower our ongoing interest expense. We also repurchased over 9 million shares of our common stock, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $297 million.
Looking Ahead
As we look to the year ahead, we believe there is great value-creating potential.
In the Dairy Group, we will focus on maintaining and growing sales volumes by continuing to provide our customers with the highest level of service, quality and value. At the same time, we will take steps to further reduce our cost structure through rationalizing our manufacturing and distribution networks and other efficiency initiatives.
Our primary strategic objectives in 2005 are the successful consolidation of WhiteWave Foods and the completion of the spin-off of our Specialty Foods Group segment. We are dedicating, and will continue to dedicate, substantial resources to both of
these objectives.
We also will continue to make meaningful invest- ments in our brands. We believe that we can continue to increase sales and profitability by wisely investing in marketing our biggest and fastest growing brands.
As always, we will carefully analyze our balance sheet and our portfolio of assets to ensure that we are investing our capital where we believe returns are the greatest, and that our resources are always properly aligned with our strategic objectives.
I want to thank our employees for their focused dedication and hard work throughout a challenging year at Dean Foods. Finally, I thank you, our share- holders, for your continued investment in and support of our company. I look forward to reporting out- standing results for 2005.
Gregg Engles
Chairman of the Board and CEO
Dean Foods 2004 Annual Report
3
