Dear Fellow Stockholders:
As we look back on 2014, we see the most difficult year in our company’s history, and the most difficult operating environment we’ve ever experienced. Yet we exit the year with optimism, especially given our return to positive earnings in the fourth quarter. We also enter 2015 knowing that despite the challenges of the past year, we accomplished numerous initiatives that will positively impact the results of the company going forward.
We continue to execute a clear and focused vision for our company: to be the most admired and trusted provider of wholesome, great-tasting dairy products at every occasion. We’re proud to lead in what should be an on-trend, growing category of locally sourced, protein-dense products with clean labels that our customers and consumers desire.
And I firmly believe that our operating efficiencies, advantages in scale and capability, the equity of our long-standing brands, and the expertise and hard work of the best team in the industry position us for long-term success and sustainable value creation for our stockholders.
Looking Forward with Confidence
In 2014, we were challenged by issues that impacted our entire industry: record high dairy commodity prices, declining category volumes, and shifts of consumers away from branded to private label products.
But as we enter 2015, we see many reasons for optimism.
Success with
By combining our national scale,
a solid brand strategy, and the strength and consumer appeal of our regional brands, TruMoo has grown to a more than $700 million brand in retail and foodservice sales. As the nation’s largest flavored milk brand, we’ve grown our share in flavored milk by 25 percent1 since our national launch in 2012. We extended the brand’s presence with TruMoo Ice Cream, and expanded our consumer target by attracting
1. Source: InfoScan, Total US MULO
2. Source:IRILast12WeeksEnding01-04-2015
   young adult males with our TruMoo Protein Plus product. In a few short months, TruMoo Protein has secured a 10 percent share of the refrigerated protein beverage segment2 and
is the largest dairy-based protein product on the West Coast. In 2015, we’ll continue to support TruMoo with television and digital advertising and other marketing efforts, including bringing back popular limited time seasonal flavor varieties.
A Letter from our Chief Executive Officer

First, we’re experiencing rapid and significant cost declines across the various classes of dairy products in the United States. While category volume declines are concerning,
we are pleased that costs are trending down.
We’ve also done significant work over the
past year to drive efficiency, which we believe positions us to win as external factors normalize.
Price Realization: Our pricing tools and protocols are working. In Q4, our gross margin per gallon improved nearly 3 cents, and our gross profit margin per gallon was up almost
5 percent sequentially versus Q3 despite higher costs and lower volumes.
Cost Productivity and Efficiency Efforts: In our operations, we’ve closed or announced the closure of 13 facilities since late 2012. With the costs associated with these closures largely behind us, we should begin to realize significant efficiencies across our network. Within our logistics function, we’ve invested
1.6 million: number of cartons of TruMoo
served every day in schools across the country
in routing and distribution technologies to increase efficiency and reduce costs. We believe we have years of opportunity ahead of us to drive meaningful savings in this large area of expense for our company.
Profitable Volume: In addition to winning new business in fluid milk, we’re focused on driving mix improvements and volume gains through a number of key initiatives launching in 2015.
Of course, we’ve done all of these things with a sharp, unwavering focus on the quality of our products, safety of our employees, and service to our customers and consumers.
In fact, 2014 was the best year in company history in quality and safety measures.
Our team has persevered through a very challenging year, and maintained a continuous improvement mindset to become a better, stronger company every day. Our work is paying off, and will continue to position
us to win.
  
  2015: A Year of Rebuilding
With the costs we’ve removed from our system and the benefit of declining raw milk prices, we are optimistic that results will improve. We look at 2015 with confidence:
• Despite category declines, milk is still in 90 percent of U.S. homes3 and is a nearly $20 billion retail category.4
• We have more than a 35 percent share of fluid milk volume nationally,5 and our brands hold No. 1 or No. 2 positions — as measured by sales of branded white milk — in approximately 80 percent of the markets we serve.6
• We excel in producing high-quality products, with all of our processing facilities receiving the highest level of certification under the Global Food Safety Initiative.
• Fluid milk meets the trend of consumers wanting fresh, locally sourced products that are protein-dense with clean labels. So while the category has struggled, we believe it is in-step with emerging consumer preferences.
We believe that our relative scale and national footprint affords us sustainable cost, service, distribution, quality, and marketing advantages. And we have abundant opportunities to continue to drive improved efficiency and capability across our organization to rebuild our P&L in 2015 and beyond. We have the expertise, experience, and talent within our organization to continue the hard work of
Milk is in
90
percent of U.S. homes3
   Our brands are No. 1 or No. 2, as measured by sales of branded white milk, in nearly
80 percent of the markets we serve4
improving to drive growth. These capabilities position Dean Foods for long-term success and increased stockholder value.
Thank you to our stockholders for your continued support through a difficult year
and your confidence in us going forward. And thank you to our more than 17,000 employees nationwide for your commitment to Dean Foods.
Sincerely,
  3. Source:IRIPanel2014
4. Source: IRI Last 12 Weeks Ending 01-04-2015
5. Source:USDA
6. Source:DeanFoodsFluidDairySupplierBrandRankbyIRIFoodMarket,Q42014
A Letter from our Chief Executive Officer
