                                         Dear Fellow Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that 2003 was another year of strong performance at Dean Foods Company. Despite a number of operational challenges, including rising raw milk prices, a prolonged strike affecting our grocery customers in southern California and some growing pains in our former Morningstar division, we achieved our earnings
goal. 2003 was an important year of transition for us and we emerged from it a better, stronger company.
BUILDING A STRONGER COMPANY
At Dean Foods, we are intently focused on creating value. In 2003, we took a number of important steps to strengthen our position and create value.
First, we reorganized our former Morningstar Foods division in an effort to sharpen our focus on our strategic brands and maximize our manufacturing efficiency. Historically, about half of Morningstar Foods’ sales have consisted of private label dairy products. Effective January 1, 2004, we shifted all of Morningstar Foods’ private label business, and all of its manufacturing operations, to the Dairy Group. We then created the National Brand Group and assigned it the task of developing, marketing and selling our portfolio of strategic brands (except for our soy
and organic products). We recruited Mike Keown, a marketing veteran whose most recent experience was running the Shelf Stable Division of The Minute Maid Company, as leader of the group and empowered him and his team with the resources they need to build our brands. Now we believe our resources are better aligned to allow our employees to do what they do best. Our Dairy Group is now manufacturing the National Brand
Group’s products, using their proven ability to manufacture the highest quality products at the lowest cost. Our National Brand Group employees have the freedom to focus their attention on our strategic brands. Our private label customers and our private label operations benefit because we now go to market with one voice, better able to help our customers strengthen their private label brands. Our shareholders benefit from increased visibility of the performance of our strategic brands, as we have a new segment reporting structure that isolates our strategic brands into a single reportable segment called the Branded Products Group. This new reporting structure will begin in the
first quarter of 2004.
Even as we were in the midst of integrating 15 manufacturing facilities and over $400 million of private label sales from Morningstar Foods into the Dairy Group, we continued our efforts to drive costs out of our Dairy Group’s manufacturing operations. We closed 5 Dairy Group facilities in 2003 that had excess manufacturing capacity or overlapping operations and reduced headcount accordingly.
We also made a number of strategic acquisitions during the year, including most notably our acquisition on January 4, 2004 of Horizon Organic®, the leading brand of organic foods in the United States. We are very pleased to welcome Horizon Organic into our portfolio of strategic brands and believe that it is and will continue to be an important part of our growing health
and wellness platform. Horizon Organic’s financial results will be included in our new Branded Products Group segment, together with our other strategic brands,
including Silk® soymilk, International Delight® coffee creamers, Hershey’s® milks and milkshakes, Land O Lakes® Dairy Ease® and creamers, Marie’s® dips and dressings, and Dean’s® dips.
In addition to the acquisition of Horizon Organic, we also made important acquisitions in our Dairy Group and Specialty Foods segments. In June, our Dairy Group acquired Melody Farms, a Michigan-based regional dairy processor. This acquisition expanded our Dairy Group’s distribution reach in the Michigan area, allowing us to better serve our customers. In October, we acquired Kohler Mix Specialties, whose product line consists primarily of private label ultra-pasteurized ice cream mixes, creamers and creams, sold mainly in the foodservice channel. This transaction greatly enhanced the Dairy Group’s ultra-high temperature manufacturing capability. Finally, in January 2004, our Dairy Group acquired Ross Swiss Dairies, a distributor based in
Los Angeles, which has given us improved distribution capabilities in southern California.
In December 2003, our Specialty Foods Group acquired the Cremora® branded coffee creamer business. Although our Specialty Foods Group is one of the leading manufacturers of powdered coffee creamers in the nation, its business has historically been private label. We are excited now to be able to offer our customers more choices with Cremora, our first branded powdered coffee creamer offering.
Another important development at our Specialty Foods Group was the retirement of its President, Jim Greisinger, in February 2004. Blake Anderson, formerly senior vice president at Specialty Foods,
2 Reach for Dean - Dean Foods 2003 Annual Report

                                          replaced Jim as President. Blake, who has been with us since 2002, has over 29 years of experience in the food industry primarily with Campbell Soup Company and also with Vlasic Foods. We are pleased to have Blake in his new position.
BUILDING OUR BRANDS
We continue to believe that our strategic brands will be a significant area of future growth for us, and in 2003 we invested heavily in marketing and gaining distribution for those brands. We are already beginning to see the rewards of our investment, as unit sales of our strategic brands increased by more than 27% in 2003, on a pro forma basis as if we had owned Silk for all of 2002. We launched a number of product extensions and packaging changes during the year, including a new plastic bottle for International Delight and new packaging for our Marie’s dressings.
We also launched new flavors and formulations in several of our lines. More information about our 2003 branded product developments is included in the next few pages of this report.
STRENGTHENING OUR FINANCIAL POSITION
We made several improvements to our overall financial position in 2003. In the second quarter of 2003, we retired $600 million of trust-issued preferred securities, more than 99% of which were converted into shares of our common stock. We also amended our senior credit facility to increase our borrowing capacity, lower the interest rate and add greater flexibility to finance our growth.
LOOKING AHEAD
As we look to 2004, our strategy remains much the same. As always, our primary focus will be on our customers. We will continue our relentless efforts to be our customers’ supplier of choice by providing them the highest quality products and the best service at a competitive price. We will continue our disciplined efforts to drive costs out of our business.
We will also continue to make meaningful investments in our brands. We believe that we can continue to increase sales and profitability by wisely investing in marketing our biggest and fastest growing brands.
Finally, we will continue to carefully invest our capital where we believe returns are the greatest, including on acquisitions that fit our strategic objectives. We will also continue to carefully analyze our portfolio of businesses to ensure that our resources are always properly aligned with our strategic objectives.
I thank all of our employees for their individual contributions toward our success, and I thank you, our shareholders, for your continued investment in and support of our company.
Sincerely,
G R E G G
E N G L E S
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 Reach for Dean - Dean Foods 2003 Annual Report 3
