    FRESH
A Letter from our Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
At the end of 2012, Dean Foods looked remarkably different than it did at the start of the year. After a thorough review of strategic alternatives, and aided by strong cash flows and solid financial performance, our Board of Directors began the process of making major changes to transform the company. We are evolving from a company with three distinct business platforms — WhiteWave-Alpro, Morningstar, and Fresh Dairy Direct — into an enterprise poised to be singularly dedicated to — and focused on — the core dairy business.
We emerged from the year more focused than ever, with less complexity, more opportunity, and financial flexibility. Throughout these changes, our team delivered year-over-year operating income and EPS growth each quarter of the year, marking six consecutive quarters we’ve achieved that result. Our employees delivered strong results, generating value for our stockholders. Today, Dean Foods is an industry leader, with a vision of becoming the most admired and trusted provider of wholesome, great-tasting dairy products at every occasion.
A Strategic Transformation
We are currently executing a strategic transformation of our business to unlock stockholder value by separating our three unique businesses and unleashing the power that a focused organization can create.
The first milestone in that transformation was the completion of the initial public offering of the WhiteWave Foods Company in October 2012. To further the separation of WhiteWave from our business, we plan to spin off the majority of our remaining interest in WhiteWave to our
stockholders in 2013, positioning both companies for future success. We believe that this is the right move for our stockholders, employees, customers, and other business partners. Our companies have distinct product portfolios that require different management styles, operating philosophies, and levels of investment.
The second milestone was the sale of the Morningstar business for $1.45 billion, which was completed in January 2013. Morningstar played
an important role in the success of Dean Foods, delivering significant growth in recent years based on its attractive product portfolio, solid financial performance, and strong customer partnerships.
Combined net proceeds from these two transactions, along with our strong 2012 operating cash flows, reduced total net Dean Foods debt outstanding by more than $2 billion. Today we
have a balance sheet that supports the overall strength of the business and increases our flexibility going forward. With a more focused structure, we are confident that we can leverage our scale and geographic scope to drive even more improvement in our core fluid milk business.
 
    TRUSTED
2012: A Year in Review
Moving forward, Dean Foods will largely comprise the conventional dairy business that we have historically referred to as Fresh Dairy Direct. That platform outperformed expectations in
2012 by focusing on the fundamentals of the business without compromising on the quality
of our products, the safety of our employees,
or the service we provide to our customers. These fundamentals include:
Cost Control: Consistent with our long-term strategy, we maintained our focus on cost reduction in 2012, which helped to deliver
solid bottom-line results. Initiatives across our distribution and manufacturing operations
and reductions in our selling, general, and administrative (SG&A) costs helped drive an operational and financial turnaround in 2011 and 2012. Over the past two years, excluding the impacts of advertising, incentive compensation, and fuel, we reduced expenses in our core business and our corporate operations by more than $77 million per quarter, which equates to annualized cost savings of more than $300 million over the two-year period.
Volume Performance: We continued to outperform the industry on a volume basis in 2012. With a sharp focus on our customers’ needs, and enabled by innovative products such as our TruMoo® flavored milk product line, we have increased our share each of the past two years, even in a declining category.
Pricing Discipline: Commodity costs rose sharply
in the latter half of 2012, and we successfully focused on effective pricing to offset the impact of commodity inflation. Although we still have much work to do, we are beginning to diminish the impact of the commodity cycle and starting to prove we can deliver consistent financial results whether milk prices rise or fall.
With disciplined cost control, a focus on profitable market share growth, and effective pricing to reflect the costs of our products, we demonstrated that we can post strong financial results in a challenging commodity environment.
With the flexibility afforded by our greatly improved balance sheet, we plan to accelerate our efforts to reduce fixed costs, optimize our network by closing 10 to 15 percent of our plants, and significantly reduce our excess capacity. We are confident we will emerge from these changes an even stronger company, and we will expand our position as the lowest-cost, highest-quality fluid dairy processor
in the industry.
     
     VISION
Looking Ahead to 2013
In 2013, we are in an excellent position to further leverage the scale of our enterprise and the quality of our leadership and employees. We will remain focused on total shareholder returns and cash flow generation by driving volume performance, applying pricing discipline, and controlling costs.
Additionally, the debt reduction in connection
with our strategic transactions and the benefit
we will receive from the anticipated spin-off of
the WhiteWave Foods Company gives additional strength to our balance sheet. This affords us the financial flexibility to press even harder to remove costs from the business by investing in accelerated network optimization activities. We will extend the sustainable competitive advantage that we have created with our supply chain network, and we will attack the next level of cost savings opportunities in distribution, processing, and procurement.
We will continue to invest in opportunities to
grow, such as building on the success of TruMoo. Less than two years after its national launch, TruMoo has consistently outperformed the flavored milk category. It is now more than three times the size of the previous category leader. We intend
to take what we have learned from the highly successful development and launch of TruMoo
and apply it to other parts of our portfolio.
Finally, I would be remiss if I didn’t acknowledge my personal excitement to be leading this outstanding organization. I came into the CEO role near
the end of 2012 in the midst of our company’s metamorphosis, and I could not be more optimistic about our future. We have a leadership team that is intensely focused and highly qualified. Dean Foods has approximately 20,000 dedicated people
who work hard every day to deliver results; they
are the core of our company. Our team is agile
and resourceful, and we know how to win while upholding our uncompromising standards of quality, safety, and service.
I’m passionate about our business, and I’m proud to lead a company that is part of the fabric of our nation. I look forward to sharing our progress — and success — with you in the months and years to come.
Sincerely,
     