 David W. Nelms
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders:
It pays to Discover. That has been our tagline for 30 years since Discover was launched in 1986. It still holds true today, even as the world around us continues to evolve. More and more, consumers are embracing electronic payments and direct banking. The continued moves to “digital,” “direct” and “mobile” create opportunities and align very well with Discover’s vision to be the leading direct bank and payments partner.
Change can also bring challenges. Enhanced regulatory expectations constrain the return of capital to shareholders and require higher spending on compliance. We are also in a dynamic and intensely competitive industry, and information security in a digital age continues to be a major focus.
In this changing environment, Discover has maintained its focus on the customer— the same focus that has guided us for 30 years. We have also continued to produce solid financial results, including one of the highest ROEs in banking.
Discover.com/company

Our Results
Financial highlights for 2015 included:
• Net income of $2.3 billion, return on equity of 21%
• Diluted earnings per share of $5.13, up 5% from the prior year
• Growth in total loans of 3.5%
• A net charge-off rate of 2.01%
• Network volume of $312 billion, including $118 billion from Discover card sales
• Continued expansion of merchant acceptance, domestically and around the world
Looking ahead, our primary focus will be on four key areas: 1) growing loans and revenue across our Direct Banking segment while maintaining credit discipline,
2) managing expenses to ensure they grow slower than revenues, 3) leveraging our payment assets to benefit our Card business and to position our Payment Services segment for a return to growth, and 4) enhancing controls and risk management. We will also continue to focus on optimizing our funding and capital position.
 Net Income [Millions]
Diluted Earnings Per Share of Common Stock
$5.13
$4.46 $4.06
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
Stock Price at Fiscal Year-End
   $2,470
$65.49
$53.62
  $2,227
$2,345
$2,323 $2,297
$4.96 $4.90
$55.95
$41.61
$23.82
   2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
 
 Direct Banking
In Direct Banking, Discover leverages its strong brand, leadership position in rewards, superior customer experience and strong credit risk management capabilities. Our loyal customer base is the foundation for growing credit card market share and for cross-selling additional direct banking products.
We are committed to accelerating our loan growth in 2016. Underlying our growth initiatives is our commitment to a disciplined credit management approach, which has served Discover well through previous credit cycles. We expect the credit environment to continue to be relatively benign in 2016, with a net charge-off rate in the low 2% range.
Card
Our Card business represents 80% of our loan portfolio. In 2015 we encountered several headwinds to card loan growth, including lackluster U.S. consumer spending growth, driven in part by lower gas prices. In addition, we sacrificed some growth to optimize profitability of balance transfer volume. Yet we still grew credit card loans by 3% by focusing on what is most important to consumers: rewards, service and value.
Rewards: In 2015, we launched a program that doubles cash rewards for new Discover it Cardmembers at the end of their first year. Double rewards resulted in lower acquisition cost per new account and customers are using their cards more, which should lead to increased loan growth in 2016 and beyond.
Also in 2015, we offered a promotional 10% Cashback Bonus on in-store purchases with Apple PayTM, which drove adoption in our card base and also attracted new cardmembers. In addition, we launched a Good Grades Reward Program for new student cardmembers, and we continue to expand and enhance rewards redemption programs—including our innovative “pay with cash back” functionality that lets customers easily pay their monthly card bill using their Cashback Bonus. We will continue to develop rewards features and benefits that drive customer satisfaction and long-term loyalty.
Service: Of the six largest U.S. card issuers, Discover is the only one with 100% U.S.-based customer service representatives, and our industry-leading service is complemented by our award-winning website and mobile capabilities. Our focus on the customer experience has paid off. Discover ranked “Highest in Customer Satisfaction with Credit Card Companies, Two Years in a Row” by J.D. Power.
Discover.com/company

Value: In a competitive card market, part of how Discover provides value to cardmembers is through innovative features and benefits. Our customers love free FICO® Credit Scores, which we provide online and on monthly statements. Cardmembers made good use of this feature in 2015, accessing their scores more than 400 million times. We also added “trending” so customers can see how their FICO® Credit Score changes over time.
In 2015, we launched Freeze It, which works like a credit card “on/off switch” for cardmembers who have misplaced their cards. For 2016, we plan to make free FICO® Credit Scores available to even more consumers, and to continue to pursue additional innovative features.
To make our rewards/service/value proposition more widely available, we have expanded the breadth of our product line. The Discover it card continues to perform
well in the marketplace, and we expect the majority of our growth to come from this flagship product. We expect additional growth from our Discover it Miles card, which was launched in 2015 and combines flexible travel and unlimited miles with the features of the Discover it card.
In January 2016, we launched the Discover it Secured Credit Card for consumers looking to build or rebuild their credit. The card comes with the same rewards and benefits as the Discover it card and also has no annual fee.
Personal loans
Discover is an industry leader in “prime” personal loans. In 2015, we originated a record
$3 billion in personal loans and grew total loans by 10%. Looking ahead, we expect to originate even more personal loans in 2016. We believe our brand, disciplined underwriting and “originate to hold” model will continue to allow us to compete very effectively.
Private student loans
In private student lending, Discover is one of the three largest competitors. Our private student loan business produced record originations in 2015 and continues to maintain strong credit performance. Overall, we continue to believe that private student loans are a good growth opportunity given our market position and trends in the industry.

 Home loans
Our exit of the mortgage origination business in 2015 was a difficult decision, but one that was right for our company and our shareholders. However, we continue to offer home equity loans, which we believe can be a significant growth opportunity for Discover over the longer term.
Deposits
At 2015 year-end, Discover had $31 billion in direct-to-consumer deposits, making this our largest funding source. Our deposit products create a “win-win” for consumers and for Discover, providing our customers with competitive rates and terms from a trusted brand, and providing Discover with an attractive source of funding for loans.
Payments
We have a unique set of payment assets, which presents many opportunities. Discover is one of only two U.S. credit card issuers that operates its own network—and the only one that also has debit capabilities. Our assets in payments include the PULSE ATM/Debit network, the Diners Club International global payments network and the Discover Network. Near term, we are focused on leveraging our proprietary network for our card-issuing business, including increasing acceptance and brand differentiation. Longer term, our goal is to grow payments volume by 10% annually.
Owning our network allows us to drive significant value to cardmembers, and is a critical component of our strong brand. Additionally, our network gives us flexibility to partner with merchants, financial institutions and regional networks around the world in innovative ways. In 2015, we expanded acceptance to 37 million global merchant locations (up 20% from a year ago) and 1.9 million ATMs. Through the efforts of our Payment Services segment, we were also able to bring Apple PayTM to Discover Cardmembers in 2015. Overall, I am pleased with the contributions our proprietary, branded network is making to our U.S. Card business.
That said, our Payment Services segment has been grappling with significant challenges, even as we continue to enhance our competitive position for the longer term. One of our top priorities in 2016 is to position our payments segment to resume growth in the years ahead. Meanwhile, our “net-to-net” agreements with other networks around the world, a growing list of agreements with alternative payments providers, and our strategy to compete for all debit give us good reason to be optimistic about Payment Services over the longer term.
Discover.com/company

Our Commitment to Employees, Communities and Shareholders
For 30 years since the launch of Discover, we have focused on the customer. We have also focused on doing the right thing for employees, communities and shareholders.
With employees, we strive to provide opportunities for career growth and fulfillment. Based on employee responses to Discover’s annual employee survey, employee engagement at Discover outpaces not just other financial services companies, but also the vast majority of companies, across all industries, included in Willis Towers Watson’s Global High Performing norm.
In addition, Discover continues to receive recognition year-in, year-out as a “best place
to work” and for diversity in the workplace, as evidenced by recognition from the Human Rights Campaign for advancing corporate practices, policies and benefits related to LGBT employees, and by awards from the Asia Society for our work to support and develop Asian Pacific American employees.
Discover also makes a positive impact on the communities where our employees live and work. In 2015, Discover employees volunteered 52,000 hours of time, and together we donated millions of dollars to non-profit organizations across the country. In addition, we continued the Pathway to Financial Success program—Discover’s five-year, $10-million commitment to bring financial education into America’s public high schools. So far, more than 1,000 schools and districts have been awarded more than $9 million in grant money.
For shareholders, our primary focus is on creating value over the long term. Going forward, we will continue to focus on building value by pursuing disciplined, profitable growth opportunities within our businesses, and through prudently aggressive payouts to shareholders.
Overall, your company is strong and stable, with a record of solid financial results, a unique set of assets, and an enviable position in retail banking and payments. We are especially focused on accelerating profitable loan growth in 2016. Beyond that, our goal is to make sure “it pays to Discover” for the next 30 years as well.
David W. Nelms | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer | March 7, 2016
 