  “Our mission is to help people spend smarter, manage debt better and save more so they achieve a brighter financial future.”
David Nelms
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 To Our Shareholders,
For much of the past two years, we—as a nation, as businesses and as individuals—have been navigating our way through the longest and one of the most severe recessions since the 1930s. As we enter 2010, the economy appears to have stabilized; however, unemployment levels are high, housing prices remain depressed, and many Americans are still struggling to make ends meet. Clearly, we are not out of the woods yet.
While we continue to manage through near-term challenges, Discover is also focused on the future. With our customers, shareholders and employees in mind, we plan to build on our strengths as we strive to become the leading direct banking and payments company.
         
 2009 Results
Discover remained profitable in 2009 despite the recession, and despite the resulting increases in unemployment and loan losses. By managing our business conservatively and focusing on our customers, we were able to outperform our major competitors in terms of credit quality and gain market share.
Our financial highlights in 2009 included:
• A 9% increase in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to $2.39 (including $2.27 per share from Visa® settlement proceeds, discussed on page 39).
• The most stable credit card sales volume and loan levels in the industry. Discover card sales volume decreased 5% to $87.5 billion, and total managed loans were essentially unchanged at $51 billion.
• A full-year managed net charge-off rate of 7.8%—including a managed credit card net charge-off rate lower than any other major credit card issuer.
• A 5% increase in volume on our Discover, PULSE and Diners Club International networks to $232 billion; pre-tax profit of more than $100 million from our Payments Services segment for the first time in
our history.
• Direct-to-consumer deposit balances from our banking customers reached $12.6 billion—more than double the prior-year level.
• A 7% decrease in operating expenses.
In addition, we built our capital base during the year by issuing more than $500 million of common equity and retaining more than $800 million of earnings. As a result, our capital ratios are strong—even taking into account the impact of accounting rule changes that took effect December 1, 2009.
   Managed Net Principal Charge-Off Rate
Total Deposits
[Billions]
Operating Expenses
[Millions]
$2,478 $2,416 $2,251
     5.01% 3.83%
$28.5 $24.7
    2007
2008 2009
2007 2008 2009
2007 2008 2009
7.77%
$32.1

 Beyond our solid financial results, Discover made significant progress in a number of other areas:
• Cash rewards: When it comes to credit card rewards programs, consumers overwhelmingly prefer cash rewards, and Discover has the largest share of this market. In 2009, we reiterated our commitment to our Cashback Bonus program by providing cardmembers with more ways to earn cash rewards, and by paying out more than $700 million to cardmembers.
• Helping customers: Discover continued to offer online tools like our Spend Analyzer and Paydown Planner to help cardmembers better manage their finances. We also provided individualized payment options and programs and a special online Web site to assist customers who were struggling to make their credit card payments. And, of course, we continued to provide superior 24/7 customer care through our own employees based in the United States.
• Expanded acceptance: We significantly increased domestic and international merchant and ATM acceptance in 2009. We now have agreements with all of the major merchant acquirers in the United States, and the number of U.S. merchants where our customers made a purchase increased 6%. We also launched an international ATM network now consisting of 680,000 ATMs, and made great progress on global point-of-sale card acceptance across the Discover and Diners Club networks—a move that will eventually allow Discover cards to be used at Diners Club merchant locations around the world.
• Industry awards and recognition: Throughout 2009, our status as an industry leader was reaffirmed
by independent entities, including a #1 ranking in the Brand Keys Customer Loyalty Engagement Index report for the 12th year in a row; a “best in fraud detection” ranking from Javelin Strategy & Research; and status as one of CIO magazine’s top 100 organizations for excellence in information technology.
   Income From Continuing Operations
Diluted Earnings Per Common Share From Continuing Operations
$2.39
$2.20
0.12
Return on Equity From Continuing Operations
[Millions]
$1,063 $964
$1,276
18 %
 1164
 112
17 %
17 %
 9%
9%
 15%
 2%
  535
528
    1.11
1.09
 2007 2008
2009
$2.01
antitrust litigation settlement.
2008 2009 Represents amount related to the Visa and MasterCard
antitrust litigation settlement.
2.27
   Represents amount related to the Visa® and MasterCard® antitrust litigation settlement.
2008 2009 Represents amount related to the Visa and MasterCard
2007
2007
   
 2010 and Beyond
I am proud of the results we achieved at Discover in 2009. As we entered 2010, we had positive momentum from our efforts to expand acceptance and grow direct-to-consumer deposits, and credit card sales volume had also begun to grow again. I expect that positive momentum will continue into 2010 and beyond. However, we will be affected this year by continued high unemployment levels, by accounting rules that now require us to account for all credit card loans on our balance sheet, and by changes to credit card rules.
So 2010 will be a year of transition. But longer term, I have faith in the strength and resilience of the U.S. economy, and in the employees of Discover. I am confident we will overcome the near-term challenges and move toward more normal levels of profitability.
Our Future: Direct Banking and Payment Services
Throughout the recession, Discover focused on managing its business conservatively. It was the right focus, and Discover distinguished itself from competitors in terms of more stable profitability, credit card sales volume, credit card receivables, credit quality, network volume and other metrics. At the same time, we acquired and invested in the Diners Club International network, and established a greater presence in direct-to-consumer deposit products and consumer loans as part of our plan to build for the future.
Moving forward, we have set our sights on becoming the leading direct banking and payments company. Discover is starting from a position of strength. We have a number of unique assets, including the Discover brand, a large customer base and a strong banking deposits foundation. We also have our own credit and debit networks, a path to global network acceptance, and strong in-house customer service and information technology functions. In addition, we have a number of capabilities on which we can build, including rewards leadership, service leadership, direct marketing expertise, a low-cost infrastructure in direct banking, and strong credit, collections and online capabilities. Our plan is to build on these strengths in the years ahead.
Direct Banking: In Direct Banking, our Discover card business has been the cornerstone of our direct relationships with customers. Over the years, Discover has earned a reputation as a trusted brand, and consumers have responded extremely well to the expansion of our direct-to-consumer banking products. Those products include certificates of deposit, money market accounts and savings accounts, as well as personal and student loans.
Because we have direct relationships with our customers online, by phone and through the mail without the high overhead of a branch-based service model, we have a lower cost infrastructure. This means we can pass the savings on to our customers through very competitive rates and flexible terms. Being a direct bank also allows us to focus on products with more growth and profit potential.
Our direct banking products include:
• Our flagship Discover credit card with cash rewards and no annual fee.
• Certificates of deposit and money market accounts that provide some of the best rates and service in the industry.
• Personal loans structured to provide value to customers who want to consolidate and pay down debt.
• Student loans to help with educational expenses at many of the nation’s leading colleges and universities.

 Payment Services: In Payment Services, our objective is to be a more flexible and higher value alternative to competing networks. Our first priority is to continue with the rapid implementation of our domestic acceptance strategy and leverage our momentum with the millions of merchants who take Discover cards. We will also continue to work on international point-of-sale card acceptance between the Discover and Diners Club International networks. Over the long term, we believe we can achieve significant growth in global volume across the Discover, PULSE and Diners Club networks by leveraging our flexibility and multi-brand network partnerships, and by pursuing emerging payments technologies and other opportunities.
We have chosen to focus on Direct Banking and Payment Services because there is a need among consumers and businesses. Today’s consumers want a financial institution that not only provides the clear terms and useful tools that Discover is known for; they also want a brand they can trust, friendly customer service from people who aren’t halfway around the world, and a range of products and services that simplify personal finance and help them spend smarter, manage debt better and save more. Similarly, merchants and financial institutions want more than reliable and secure payment services; they also want dynamic solutions to help them grow and be successful. Overall, Discover is uniquely positioned to provide banking services directly to consumers and value-added payment services to merchants and financial institutions.
Our efforts to become the leading direct banking and payments company will also result in a more robust mix of businesses for Discover. For the foreseeable future, our Discover card business will continue to account for a significant majority of Discover’s operations, but over time, we will become a broader, more diversified company. It’s the right strategy for serving our customers, and it’s the right strategy for Discover’s future.
Thank You
As I look back on 2009 and ahead to the rest of 2010, I want to thank Discover customers, employees, shareholders and Board members for their continued support. I also want to extend a special thank you to the communities where our employees live and work. As a show of our appreciation, Discover and our employees donated millions of dollars and more than 45,000 hours of volunteer time in 2009 to charitable organizations across the country. It is our way of saying “thank you,” and we look forward to continuing to be a vital part of our communities and our economy.
Finally, as I write this letter, relief efforts continue following the January 12, 2010, earthquake in Haiti. The ensuing human tragedy has touched all of us, and Discover customers and employees have responded with an outpouring of sympathy and financial assistance. Between cardmembers who donated their Cashback Bonus, employee donations and Discover’s matching contributions, nearly $4 million has been donated to the Red Cross to help the people of Haiti. I am very proud to be associated with customers and employees who care so much for their fellow human beings.
David Nelms
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 8, 2010
 