                                         To Our Shareholders
Net Sales
Fiscal years
(Dollars in millions)
Earnings Per Share
Fiscal years
as reported
excluding restatement- related items
                           1999 2000 2001
It is truly an honor to address you in my first letter to shareholders, as Chairman and CEO of Dollar General Corporation. As the first Chairman and CEO who is not a member of the founding Turner fam- ily, I can report to you today, almost a year after my arrival, that the transitionhasgoneverysmoothly. Icontinuetobeextremelyexcit- ed about Dollar General's strong legacy, robust business model, loyal customer base and talented management team. Our mission, Serving Others, is real to us and is the perspective through which we develop priorities to meet the needs of our customers.
As you may know, in 2003, we reorganized our senior management team by bringing in outside talent and blending it with seasoned Dollar General veterans. With your Board of Directors, we complet- ed a comprehensive strategic plan and are aligned with its strategic imperatives. As you will see in this Annual Report, we are your Team on a Mission for 2004 and beyond.
From a retailer’s perspective, 2003 was a particularly challenging year because of the tough economy and uncertainties created by the war in Iraq and the continuing war on terrorism. Nonetheless, part- ly because of the continued blurring of retail channels in the U.S. and partly due to the resilience of our own model, we were able to post recordresultsfortheyear. Torecap:
• Total net sales grew 12.6% to $6.87 billion, while same store sales increased 4.0%.
• We opened 673 new Dollar General stores, including two Dollar General Market stores, exceeding our goal of 650 new stores, and grew net store selling square footage by 10%.
• Net income increased 13.6%. However, when you exclude restatement-related items, it grew 24.1%.
• Operating profit margin, excluding restatement-related items, improvedfrom7.1%ofsalesin2002to7.6%in2003. Including restatement-related items, operating profit margin was 7.4% of sales in 2003 compared to 7.5% of sales in 2002.
• We generated $320 million of cash flow before financing activ- ities that we used to reduce debt, pay dividends and repurchase 1.5 million shares of our stock. At the end of the fiscal year, cash on our balance sheet exceeded our outstanding borrow- ings by $116 million, compared to the end of 2002 when our net debt was $225 million.
2002 2003
1999 2000 2001 2002 2003
2
• Our return on invested capital (ROIC) increased to 13.3% com- pared to 12.9% in 2002, and, excluding restatement-related items, ROIC increased to 13.6% in 2003 compared to 12.5% in 2002.
In fiscal 2003, Dollar General paid cash dividends to shareholders of $46.9 million, or $0.14 per share, on an annual basis. In March 2004, your Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend by an additional 14.3%, to $0.04 from $0.035 per share. During the fourth quarter of 2003, the Company also repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares of its outstanding common stock for $29.7 million. The Company’s current share repurchase authorization for up to 12 million shares expires in March 2005.
In 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission continued its investigation relating to Dollar General’s January 14, 2002, restate- ment of the 1998 and 1999 financial statements and certain unaudit- ed financial information for fiscal year 2000. The matter appears to be drawing to a close as the Company has reached an agreement in principle with the staff of the SEC. We believe the proposed settle- ment represents a fair conclusion to this matter. While we are hope- ful that the full Commission will approve this agreement in principle, we have no assurance that it will.
As it is for all public companies, corporate governance is a critical issue for Dollar General. With the enactment of Sarbanes-Oxley in 2002, many of the rules have become more stringent and more formalized. At Dollar General, your Board of Directors and your management team take this topic very seriously and have taken appropriate steps to ensure continued compliance. For more information, visit the Corporate Governance section of our Web site, www.dollargeneral.com, located under Investing.
As we move into 2004, the retailing landscape is changing very rap- idly in America and indeed around the world. The significant growth of big-box mass retailers over the past three decades has dramati- cally influenced how consumers shop. A shopper today is much more likely to shop different retail channels for different products than a few years ago. This channel blurring benefits Dollar General as more new customers are being introduced to our model each year. According to ACNielsen’s Homescan® data, 66% of all
 $0.21
$3,888 $4,551
$0.51
$5,323 $6,100
$0.55 $0.55
$0.62 $0.67
$0.79 $0.75
$6,872
$0.89 $0.92

 tance of convenience in their shopping requirements. We think we are well-positioned to be a store of choice for those customers look- ing for convenience as well as great value. Finally, the aging popu- lation in the U.S. means there are more people on fixed incomes. These customers typically find Dollar General stores particularly appealing and frequently shop with us.
With that background, let’s talk about our future. Our vision for the future of Dollar General is quite simple. We want to become one of the leading providers of highly consumable basic products for under- served customers regardless of geography or demography. Today, dollar stores are becoming more mainstream. Even though Dollar General is the oldest and largest player in the dollar channel, we are still growing very rapidly. As we grow, we will continue to provide our customers unique assortments of products at low prices through our growing network of conveniently located small stores. We will remain focused on meeting the needs of the underserved customer. We will continue to compete on price and convenience –– our points of differentiation. Our reputation for delivering tremendous value to our customers and for placing many stores where other big-box retailers will not is well-deserved, and we plan to continue to think of our customers’ needs first when we source our products and when we choose sites for our stores.
chain.
By capitalizing on these competencies, we can better serve our existing customers, attract new customers and signifi- cantly grow our busi- ness. We have also planned several impor- tant initiatives for 2004, a big investment year for us, to help achieve our goals as quickly as possible. While I am excited about each of these initiatives and their long-term prospects, there is an element of risk associ- ated with their imple- mentation in 2004. We will work diligently to minimize these risks.
  "We are probably in here twice a week, and we know everybody in here. I find what I'm looking for and more – usually too much! We buy lots of milk and
ice cream, and every- thing is always fresh. It helps to be able to get a lot for so little."
  3
                                         American households and 49% of all households earning annual income greater than $70,000 shopped at a dollar store last year. The fast pace of our customers’ lifestyles has also increased the impor-
• Our ability to provide a unique and diversified mix of products that our customers need, and
• Our ability to resupply our stores efficiently through our supply
Cash Flow Before Financing Activities Fiscal years
(Dollars in millions)
  Toaccomplishourvision,wemustcontinuetogrow. Theopportu- nity to grow our footprint at a rapid pace certainly exists, and we plan to take advantage of it. In 2003, we were in 27 states, having just opened stores in Michigan, New York and New Jersey within the past four years. In 2004, we plan to open stores in New Mexico, Arizona and Wisconsin for the first time. Finally we continue to test new formats that will allow us to present variations of our model and increase the breadth of our product offerings.
At Dollar General, we have rededicated ourselves to improving our customers' shopping experience. We are committed to providing a friendly, fun and easy place for our customers to purchase those products they need on a regular basis. To that end, we have begun our "EZstore" project that is focused on making our stores "EZer" to shop and "EZer" to operate. We are also committed to scouring the world for unique values and reinventing the "treasure hunt" dimen- sionofourmerchandisemix. Itisalsoimperativethatweremaina leader in the use of technology to further develop our supply chain.
We enjoy strong relationships with our vendors around the world. Wehavemanymajornationalandinternationalbrands inourmixaswellasourownprivatelabelbrands. Providing a dependable, branded merchandise mix at everyday low pricesisacornerstoneofourbusinessmodel. Qualityremains a passion at Dollar General, and we plan to keep it that way.
Thisyear,wearefocusedonpreparingforastrongfuture. Our retail sector is growing, and we are planning to take advan- tageofthegrowthopportunities. Wewillbuildonourfourkey core competencies which we believe will allow us to continue tocompetesuccessfullyinthisenvironment. Theyare:
• Our ability to open a large number of well-located new stores,
• Our ability to successfully run a large network of profitable stores,
$319.9 $300.2
  $141.6
1999 2000 2001 2002 2003
I personally consider it a privilege to lead this company at this point in its history and am dedicated to growing shareholder value. We have a competitive business model and a great team working on your behalf. Thank you for your investment in Dollar General Corporation and your continued support.
Kindest regards,
David A. Perdue
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 31, 2004
 $96.5 $57.7
    
                                         Team On A Mission
Dollar General’s mission is “Serving Others.” For its customers that means giving them a better life. We think we do this by providing life’s basic necessities at everyday low prices.
   Our merchandise. Dollar General stores pro- vide convenience and value to customers by offering consumable basics, items that are frequently used and replenished, such as food, snacks, health and beauty aids and cleaning supplies. Dollar General ranks as one of the top ten customers of numerous national brand consumer product manufacturers and also takes pride in the quality and selection of its private-label consum- able basic merchandise. Dollar General stores carry a focused selection of basic clothing for men, ladies and children, housewares, giftware, seasonal items and sta- tionery, including popular 2/$1 greeting cards.
National brands. Our pricing strategy allows us to carry a wide assortment of national
brands at everyday low prices.
Dollar General stores are
stocked with a wide selection of well-known, high quality brands - brands that appeal
to a wide range of consumers, pack- aged and priced for
our typical low- and middle-income customers. Every day our customers can find the most popular brands of laundry and dishwashing detergents, fabric softeners, and home cleaning products, as well as paper items and plastic bags of all sizes. Health and beauty items include the leading brands of soap, body washes and lotions, deodorants, hair care products, toothpaste and brushes, and razors and blades, in addition to over-the-counter medications. In the food section, customers can find many of their favorite brands of items, including cof- fees, other beverages, cereals, cake mixes and spaghet- ti sauce to name a few. Dollar General is also well- stocked with many of the preferred brands of candy and snacks, pet foods, garden supplies, and batteries. All of these items are available at everyday low prices.
 Clover Valley®, DG
Clover Valley®, DG
Guarantee®
Guarantee®
and
and
American
American
Value®. For the Value®.
more value-conscious customer who still demands a quality product, Dollar
 4
