                              TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS & EMPLOYEES
This has been a strong year at Dollar General. Despite many changes within the retail landscape throughout 2015, our business continued to drive profitable sales growth, meet the needs of our customers and create long-term shareholder value. I am excited and honored to have been named chief executive officer of Dollar General in June of last year. Our company has a unique culture of Serving Others, a rich history and a very bright future. Our values and our mission of service are at the core of our success. Our business strategies, how we utilize technology and how we serve our customers will continue to evolve as we leverage our competitive advantages. Within the small-box discount retail sector, we have an opportunity to strengthen our leadership position and grow our market share.
2015 was another record year for Dollar General as our associates served millions of customers resulting in over 1.8 billion transactions. We made targeted investments in store labor to improve our in-stock position and implemented merchandising initiatives to improve category management and enhance the overall shopping experience.
Highlights of 2015 Compared to 2014
• Net sales increased by 7.7 percent to $20.4 billion or $226 per square foot.
• Same-stores sales grew 2.8 percent over 2014, marking our 26th consecutive year of same-store sales growth.
• We reported net income of $1.17 billion or $3.95 per diluted share, an increase of 13 percent.
• Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion, an increase of $63 million.
The refinement of our merchandise offerings and increased utilization of store square footage helped drive increases in both customer traffic and average transaction amount for the 32nd consecutive quarter over prior year quarter. We invested in new store growth, opening 730 new stores in addition to completing our 13th distribution center in San Antonio, Texas. Our ongoing commitment to increasing long-term shareholder value is evidenced by the $1.6 billion return of cash to our shareholders in 2015 through the repurchase of nearly 18 million shares of our common stock and the initiation of a regular quarterly cash dividend.
As CEO, I have had the opportunity to travel throughout the United States visiting both our consumers and our store employees. It is clear to me that our culture of Serving Others is very meaningful to the local communities and the individuals we employ and serve. In 2015, we partnered with the Dollar General Literacy Foundation, the Dollar General Employee Assistance Foundation, our customers and our vendors to donate over $17.3 million to charitable organizations and individuals in need. Nearly 80 percent of that giving was directed to nonprofit organizations and schools to help
improve adult and youth literacy, and with the support of our stores and our customers, we also raised funds for St. Jude Children’s Hospital, Autism Speaks and the American Red Cross.
I have a clear vision for the future of Dollar General to strengthen our business and continue on a path of sustainable, profitable growth. We will focus on four key priorities:
1. Driving profitable sales growth. To drive profitable sales growth, we will deliver on our brand promise of everyday low prices and will continue to focus on improving our on-shelf availability and customer experience. To a greater degree than we have in past years, our sales-driving category initiatives will be implemented across not just new stores, relocations and remodels, but also to our mature store base. We have ongoing opportunities for gross margin expansion through improvements in inventory shrink reduction, global sourcing, private brands penetration, distribution and transportation efficiencies and non-consumable sales.
2. Capturing growth opportunities. Given our strong new store returns, our plan is to open 900 new stores in 2016. We are accelerating our square footage growth with a new store format for all new stores, relocations and remodels. The updated format will allow for an expansion in products we know our customer wants and will provide a more customer- friendly layout including a faster checkout.
3. Enhancing our position as a low-cost operator. We have undertaken zero-based budgeting to provide additional flexibility, reinvest savings and drive growth. We are also focused on work elimination to keep the business simple.
4. Investing in our people as a competitive advantage.
Our strategy is focused on talent selection and employee development through great onboarding, training and open communication. We are committed to helping our employees develop their talents and gain additional skills and experiences to grow their careers at Dollar General. Their success is key to our success as a company.
At Dollar General, we have a business model that is proven and resilient. As a team, I am confident we are well-positioned to drive long-term shareholder value as we look to capture growth opportunities and invest in the future. I thank you for your continued support.
Respectfully,
Todd J. Vasos
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER April 8, 2016
 