To Our Fellow Shareholders, Customers, and Employees
Dollar General delivered a record-setting year in fiscal 2010. We are very pleased with our financial performance as well as our continued progress toward building for the future. In a period of persistent high unemployment and economic challenges for the average family, Dollar General’s commitment to meeting the needs of modern consumers is steadfast and our focus on convenience and value is stronger than ever. We believe Dollar General has redefined small-box retailing.
Our successful business model is based on meeting the everyday needs of a broad base of customers and helping them make the most of their spending dollars by offering a wide selection of quality items at value prices in conveniently located easy-to-shop stores. It is by adhering to this strategy that Dollar General produced record financial results in fiscal 2010, including record sales, gross profit, operating profit, operating cash flows and net income.
Financial highlights of 2010 include the following:
• Net sales increased by 10.5% to $13.0 billion, or $201 per square foot.
• Same-store sales grew 4.9% on top of an outstanding 9.5% in 2009 and 9.0% in 2008, marking our 21st consecutive year of same-store sales growth.
• Gross profit increased by 13.2%, achieving a record gross profit rate of 32.0%.
• Operating profit reached $1.3 billion, or 9.8% of sales, demonstrating our success at balancing sales, gross profit and SG&A leverage.
• We repurchased $115 million of our 10.625% senior notes in the open market, reducing our total outstanding long-term obligations to $3.3 billion, which will further reduce our interest expense in 2010 and future years.
• In 2010, Dollar General reported net income of $628 million, or 4.8% of sales, and generated $825 million of cash from operating activities.
Our customers responded with enthusiasm to strong improvements in our merchandise and our stores in 2010. We successfully expanded our offerings of both nationally advertised brands and our own proprietary brands in consumables. We made some exciting progress in our non-consumables as well, and we are pursuing additional opportunities to improve.
We are very excited about Dollar General’s growth opportunities. In 2010, we opened 600 new customer-centric stores across our 35-state market area and remodeled or relocated an additional 504 stores, further expanding the presence of the new Dollar General. We ended the year with 9,372 neighborhood stores, with significant opportunities
remaining for growth across the United States. In 2011, we plan to open 625 new stores and remodel or relocate 550 stores. We have plans to expand into three new states – Connecticut, New Hampshire and Nevada.
We expect our aggressive in-stock improvement initiative in our stores to drive future sales as well as improve the customer’s overall shopping experience. Likewise, the expansion of health and beauty products and frozen and refrigerated food items, with an emphasis on the $1 price point, will reinforce Dollar General’s leadership role in our segment. We are revisiting our Dollar General Market concept as a potential growth opportunity.
While we anticipate continued economic uncertainties and possibly higher inflation in 2011, we see opportunities not only to drive sales, but also to further expand our gross profit rate through direct sourcing, further expansion of our proprietary brands and refinements in our non-consumables strategy to better address our customers’ needs.
In 2010, we formed a consolidated procurement team, responsible for non-merchandise purchases, and we began implementing a new store workforce management system. These investments will develop significantly over the next several years, enabling us to control costs and manage our business more efficiently.
Importantly, Dollar General is a strong company because of its 86,000 employees and their enduring commitment to our mission of “Serving Others” including our shareholders, customers, fellow employees and the many communities we serve. We have a great foundation for growth that we built together as a team. Our successful track record over the past three years gives me confidence that our team can successfully execute our 2011 plans and deliver continued long-term sustainable growth.
We are looking forward to another rewarding year in 2011 and to updating you on our continued success.
Sincerely,
Richard W. Dreiling
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer April 5, 2011
  