Kenneth W. Freeman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders, Customers and Employees:
2000 was a tremendous year for our company. We had excellent financial results and built the foundation for exceptional performance in the future.
Giving Results There has never been a better time to be the clear leader in the diagnostic testing business. Our industry accounts for about 4% of health care spending in the United States, yet we drive more than 70% of health care decisions. We play an essential role in disease screening and diagnosis, and help physicians and patients manage the treatment of disease. The vital work we do is all about giving results— laboratory test results, information derived from those results, and valuable health care insights — results that drive treatment decisions to improve the health of people.
Getting Results Today Giving results — and getting results. Our financial performance during 2000 reflected the outstanding efforts of our dedicated employees. I am pleased to report record revenues and record profits. Revenues were $3.4 billion, compared to $2.2 billion in 1999, and net income before special items was $106.2 million, compared to $41.2 million in 1999. Adjusted EBITDA, a measure of cash flow excluding non-recurring items, was $459.4 million, compared to $237 million in 1999. Earnings and adjusted EBITDA before special charges have increased every quarter for the last four years. These results have not gone unnoticed by investors, as our market value grew dramatically during the year.
During the year we made significant progress integrating the former SmithKline Beecham Clinical Laboratories (SBCL), which we acquired in August, 1999. We have nearly completed the combina- tion of our large laboratory networks while growing our volume and revenues per requisition at the same time — something that had never been done in our industry. Beyond integration we have begun standardizing our processes and systems, which will make it easier to do business with us, and improve quality and service for customers.
We also demonstrated that improved patient access and strong service create a value proposition our customers appreciate. By offering so much more than testing alone, we restructured several contracts with leading managed care organizations to ensure more appropriate reimbursement.
Today, we provide the broadest access to diagnostic testing services through our network of full-service laboratories, rapid response labs and conveniently located patient service centers across the United States and in Mexico and the United Kingdom. Nichols Institute, our world-renowned specialty-testing laboratory and research and development center, is a leader in the fields of endocrinology, genetics, immune system disorders, infectious diseases, metabolism and molecular microbiology.
Our values are the foundation of Quest Diagnostics: Quality, Integrity, Innovation, Accountability, Collaboration and Leadership. In our line of work, where we impact the lives of more than 400,000 people every day, we have an obligation to hold ourselves to the highest standards. We base our management approach on these six core values which provide a straightforward guide to expected behavior in which the patient comes first in everything we do. On the pages that follow, the stories of several of our stakeholders illustrate how we bring these values to life each and every day.
3.4
2.2
1.5 1.5
97 98 99 00
Net Revenues
($ billions)
     2
  
106
41
Getting Results Tomorrow We are the undisputed leader in diagnostic testing, uniquely positioned for growth. Looking to the future, I am confident that our business strategy will yield exceptional results, as we pursue our financial goals: double-digit top-line growth, EBITDA margin improvement to more than 20%, and continuing growth in earnings per share of at least 40% in 2001 and at least 30% each year for the next several years.
Our Business Strategy Our three-pronged business strategy sets the framework for achieving these goals.
The Undisputed Leader in Diagnostic Testing We see substantial opportunities in our diagnostic testing business, which is growing after a decade of stagnation. Favorable demo- graphic trends strongly support continued expansion. At the same time, the genomics revolution is changing medicine, starting with new diagnostic and predictive lab tests. We are partnering with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to develop new diagnostics and therapeutics. The rise of consumer awareness in health care is creating new opportunities as educated baby boomers take more responsibility for directly managing their own health. They want to order tests and receive relevant information about their own health, and are willing to pay for it directly. We are poised to extend our leadership position into these important new growth segments.
The Undisputed Leader in Health Care Insights We intend to be the leading provider of health care insights. Because we perform so many tests on so many patients, we see things others simply don’t see. We make those insights available to doctors and other health care providers to enable better treatment decisions that lead to better patient outcomes.
For example, we provide a statistical analysis of individual laboratory test results to physicians treating patients infected with HIV. This analysis predicts the response to different antiretroviral treatment regimens. Additionally, our informatics capabilities allow us to help practitioners unearth patterns of care, risk profiles and other information to help improve patient health. Getting better information to health care providers is what it’s all about — combining key bits of information from various sources and making them more readily available through secure information technology. The convergence of laboratory science and information technology makes better insights possible.
The ‘Gold Standard’ in Health Care We intend to be recognized as the gold standard for excel- lence in health care. We see quality — in particular Six Sigma Quality — as the primary opportunity to set Quest Diagnostics apart from the competition. Quality management is not a new concept in well-managed industrial companies. However, it is nothing short of radical throughout most of the health care industry. The widely publicized landmark study on medical errors published by the Institute of Medicine in 1999 clearly indicates that a laser-like focus on quality is urgently needed in health care. I am committed to lead this effort in our industry.
During 2000, we launched Six Sigma Quality with more than 30 projects to improve service quality as defined by our customers. Nearly all of our employees have received training in the fundamen- tals of Six Sigma Quality, more than 40 Black Belt quality experts have been trained and are leading improvement projects, and several Master Black Belts have joined our company. We will accelerate our investment in quality improvement in 2001.
Our Dedicated People Whenever two companies join together, there are challenges as well as
opportunities. Our management team and our diverse workforce of employee-owners have consis-
  27
18 tently shown flexibility and commitment as we adjust our organizational structure and
   97 98 99 00
Net Income* ($ millions) *Before special items
decision-making processes to gain speed and increase focus on our customers. Again and again, it is their dedication to embracing change that fuels our success.
Individuals are the heart of any great organization, and we owe a great deal to those who provided the early leadership for our company. We were saddened during the year by the passing of two retired lead- ers who helped establish Quest Diagnostics as an independent entity. We will miss the wisdom and wit of Bob Carothers, our first Chief Financial Officer, and Ray Marier, our first General Counsel.
Our Bright Future Together Our industry has entered a new phase in its evolution. Diagnostic testing and services are more relevant than ever in the health care equation. Quest Diagnostics is the clear industry leader, positioned to deliver outstanding financial performance. We have the people, the strategy, the commitment and the proven track record to make it happen.
Thank you for your trust. I look forward to a bright future together, as we continue to improve the health of people by giving results—and getting results!
 Kenneth W. Freeman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 3
