2
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS AND EMPLOYEES:
 Diagnostic laboratory testing is critically important to healthcare, and we are proud to be the leading provider of this vital service. Our company achieved many memorable milestones during 2001. We reported record sales and earnings, continued to strengthen our financial position, established significant new partnerships to bring developments in genomics to the market, and realized initial benefits from our Six Sigma quality initiative.
September 11, 2001
However, these milestones paled in comparison to the horrific events of September 11th and the heroic way people around the world and the people of Quest Diagnostics responded. Our employees put patient care first. They responded with compassion, creativity and energy to provide continuous, uninterrupted service. Staff pilots flew with special permission from the government during the airspace lockdown to bring perishable specimens into our laboratories for critical testing. Couriers drove through the night in stages— Pony Express style—to relay specimens to our labs. In Manhattan, couriers completed their routes on foot. The heartwarming response was all directed to meeting the immediate needs of physicians and their patients.
I am very proud of the thousands of employees who went above and beyond to serve patients and physicians during a time of crisis. We have a highly dedicated and richly diverse team of 29,000 employees that make up Quest Diagnostics, and we continue to attract outstanding talent. Every day, they live our values and personify our vision: “Dedicated people improving the health of patients through unsurpassed diagnostic insights.” My heartfelt thanks go to all of the talented people who are Quest Diagnostics in the eyes of our customers.
Performance
During 2001, we achieved several significant financial milestones:
• We improved earnings for a fifth consecutive year. • We completed the successful integration of
SmithKline Beecham Clinical Laboratories, which
is generating approximately $140 million in synergies on an annualized basis.
• We attained an investment grade credit rating. • With our steady cash flow we paid down debt,
lowered our interest costs and funded several acquisitions.
We also continued to deliver outstanding financial results:
• Earnings increased dramatically in 2001 compared to 2000, a year when earnings more than doubled.
• Revenues grew more than $200 million, or 6%, to $3.6 billion.
• Adjusted EBITDA, a measure of cash flow, grew 21% to $557 million.
• We ended the year with $122 million in cash, and more than $550 million available in unused credit facilities.
Consistent and strong cash generation, combined with our improved credit status, positions us well for growth. The diagnostic testing industry remains highly fragmented, and we see opportunities to put our strong cash flow
to work with selective acquisitions. As this letter goes to press, we are announcing a definitive agreement
to acquire American Medical Laboratories, which will broaden our geographic reach and enhance service offerings for our customers, further strengthening our leadership in esoteric testing.

3
  Improving The Health Of Patients
The underlying fundamentals of our industry are strong. The population is aging and growing, yielding steady increases in demand for diagnostic testing. New technologies, from genomics to the Internet, enable the creation of new services that healthcare professionals can use to improve patient care. At a time of rising healthcare costs, diagnostic testing offers a tremendous “value”—impacting more than 70% of healthcare decisions while representing only about 4% of U.S. healthcare spending.
On the pages that follow, we illustrate our impact on the health of patients by depicting the way patients and doctors interact with Quest Diagnostics. We improve health by providing diagnostic insights—information to identify, treat and monitor disease. We improve health with convenient, time-sensitive, quality service—making it easier for patients to get tested and for physicians to receive results. And
we improve health with innovative new diagnostic and predictive tests—bringing to market the benefits of new technology and meaningful insights.
Profitable Growth
We are differentiating ourselves with our customers through our pursuit of Six Sigma Quality, which is beginning to change the way we operate as a company. Six Sigma is a way of managing that focuses intensely on the customer. It provides rigorous tools and processes to ensure consistent delivery of service in all aspects. Early on, I made a commitment to get deeply involved with Six Sigma to help ensure its success in our company. During the past year I completed four weeks of training to become a “Black Belt,” one of 130 individuals qualified to direct Six Sigma projects at Quest Diagnostics. In 2002 all of our senior management team will be trained as “Green Belts” in Six Sigma.
Kenneth W. Freeman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Our efforts are still in the early stages, but Six Sigma is already beginning to yield competitive advantage.
The pace of new test introductions is accelerating, particularly in the fast-growing area of gene-based testing. To build upon our leadership in this area, we develop
new diagnostic tests at Nichols Institute, transfer new technologies developed by external sources, and create strategic partnerships with leading innovators. Gene-based testing is the fastest growing part of diagnostic testing and we are proud to lead the way.
Achieving Our Goals
Our values and vision remain the strong foundation of Quest Diagnostics. Our strategic intentions are clear – undisputed leadership in diagnostic testing, driving valuable healthcare insights, and ultimately becoming the “gold standard” for excellence in healthcare. Our financial goals are also quite clear—providing outstanding returns for our shareholders—by growing revenues 10% each year, driving EBITDA margins to 20% and beyond, and sustaining our 30% growth rate in earnings per share for the next several years. We have the vision, the strategy,
the talented people and the financial strength to grow and prosper for years to come.
Thank you for your continuing support as we endeavor to improve the health of patients—and enhance shareholder value.
Kenneth W. Freeman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 