Dear Fellow Shareholders:
On behalf of the entire D.R. Horton team, I am pleased to report that we were profitable in fiscal 2010, which was another challenging year in the homebuilding industry. Also, for our 9th consecutive fiscal year, we closed more homes than any other homebuilder in the United States. During the first half of the year, we took advantage of housing demand spurred by the federal homebuyer tax credit by offering more affordable new homes in more communities, which produced increases in our home sales, closings and profits. As we expected, demand decreased after the tax credit expired, and we reduced our inventories in response to the lower sales level. Overall economic conditions were weak and the long U.S. housing recession persisted throughout the year, as high unemployment, low consumer confidence, reduced availability of credit in the mortgage markets and elevated levels of available homes for sale continued to inhibit the ability and willingness of potential homebuyers to purchase new homes.
Our company made significant progress during fiscal 2010. Most importantly, we returned to profitability by generating pre-tax income of $99.5 million and net income of $245.1 million in fiscal 2010. We gained market share and increased our homebuilding revenues by 20%, as we invested in our business by opening additional new home communities. As of September 30, 2010, we were selling homes in 17% more communities than a year earlier. Our new communities generated higher margins than our existing communities, and we realized further reductions in our construction costs, both of which contributed to a substantial improvement in our homebuilding gross margin. Controlling overhead costs has long been a hallmark of D.R. Horton, and we were able to leverage our selling, general and administrative costs, keeping them flat with the prior year while supporting a 20% increase in our revenues.
We generated positive cash flows from operations for the fourth consecutive year and ended the year in a strong liquidity position, with cash and marketable securities of $1.6 billion. We also fortified our balance sheet by reducing our homebuilding debt by $1.0 billion and improving our net homebuilding debt to total capital ratio to a record low of 16.1%. These achievements put our company in the enviable position of having the flexibility to take advantage of profitable growth opportunities in the current weak housing market and in the future housing recovery.
As we look to fiscal 2011, we expect another challenging year. The fundamental drivers of new home demand, which are the overall economy, job growth and consumer confidence, are still very weak. We also expect the levels of home foreclosure activity and homes available for sale to remain high, while mortgage lending standards will likely remain very stringent. Additionally, we do not expect any further government stimulus that would increase housing demand similar to the tax credits that were in effect this past year. These factors could negatively impact our revenues and operating margins in fiscal 2011 compared to the levels we achieved in fiscal 2010. However, we believe that our profitable operations, our focus on offering affordable homes and our expertise with first-time homebuyers, who represent the largest consumer segment of U.S. new home demand, will allow us to gain market share in the current housing market and to outperform other homebuilders during the eventual housing recovery.
We will continue to approach our business and each of our markets with realism, and we will adjust our strategy and tactics as necessary to remain profitable and maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. Our current operating strategy remains consistent:
¥ Offer affordable homes targeted to first-time homebuyers through our existing and new communities; ¥ Manage our inventory of owned lots and homes in line with sales demand;
¥ Identify and control residential lots through low-risk option purchase contracts;
¥ Limit our capital outlays for raw land purchases and development costs;
¥ Control our costs of construction;
¥ Adjust our SG&A costs to match production levels; and ¥ Reduce our outstanding debt.

We expect that these actions will continue to provide us with the flexibility to take advantage of profitable growth opportunities, even in a weak overall housing market. Our ongoing goal is to continue to be a leader in the homebuilding industry in terms of operating profitability and balance sheet strength.
We appreciate and thank our employees, suppliers and subcontractors for their efforts this year, which helped our company achieve profitability and outperform the homebuilding industry. We must continue to work to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations each day to build on our achievements and position our company for the future. We also thank all D.R. Horton shareholders for your support and belief in the future of our company. We believe that our business and our stock valuation have upside potential, based on our strong competitive advantages, which include our extensive experience with first-time homebuyers, geographic diversity, low overhead cost structure, economies of scale, liquidity position and balance sheet strength. We will leverage these strengths to meet the ongoing challenges in the marketplace and to build on the profitable foundation we established this year.
Donald R. Horton
Chairman of the Board
               