Dear Fellow Shareholders:
In fiscal 2012, D.R. Horton, Inc. capitalized on the emerging improvement in the U.S. housing market and strengthened its leading position in the homebuilding industry. For the 11th consecutive fiscal year, we closed more homes than any other homebuilder in the United States, and we generated our highest profit in six years. We gained market share, increased our investments in inventory and raised capital to prepare for future growth. With our broad geographic base and financial strength, we are poised to increase our market share further while retaining the operational flexibility to respond to uncertain economic conditions. Our financial achievements during fiscal 2012 included the following:
¥ 29% increase in the value of net sales orders;
¥ 20% increase in total revenues;
¥ $243 million of consolidated pre-tax income, up $231 million from a year ago;
¥ $3.6 billion of total equity, up $1.0 billion from a year ago; and
¥ $1.7 billion sales order backlog, up 61% from a year ago.
Our 2012 financial performance is the result of the tremendous efforts of our homebuilding and financial services teams who worked tirelessly throughout the six-year housing recession to rebuild a profitable business in an extremely challenging market. To achieve profitability at a relatively low closings volume, we focused on the fundamentals of selling homes, providing high quality customer service, adjusting our product offerings based on customer demand, managing our investments in inventory, reducing SG&A and financing costs and improving gross margins through controlling construction costs. We also prepared for the eventual improvement in demand by selectively investing in our business through opening new communities and entering new markets. Although the U.S. economy remains weak and the mortgage lending environment is restrictive, we believe that our revenues and pre-tax income will increase again in fiscal 2013.
Our strong balance sheet and liquidity are supporting our financial performance and growth potential. We raised capital in 2012 by issuing $700 million of senior notes at company-record low interest rates, and we recently obtained $600 million in bank lending commitments through a new revolving credit facility. Our $1.3 billion of homebuilding cash and marketable securities and our 39.1% ratio of gross homebuilding debt to total capital (21.4% net of cash and marketable securities) provide significant flexibility for us to invest in our business and take advantage of profitable growth opportunities. Our number of homes in inventory and our lot supply increased 24% and 35%, respectively, from a year ago, reflecting investments in our existing markets and entry into new markets.
The outlook is uncertain for the U.S. economy, the job market and potential changes in government policies that will affect the housing market, and we believe that significant and sustainable long-term growth in the U.S. housing market will require an improvement in economic conditions. We will continue to compete for market share in this environment by building high quality homes that offer compelling value to homebuyers, assisting each of our customers during their home purchase and financing process and providing reliable service to our new homeowners. We will also operate our business in a capital efficient manner by remaining disciplined in our investments in land, managing our inventory of owned lots and homes in line with sales demand, and controlling our construction, SG&A and interest costs. Finally, we will adjust our operating strategies as needed to remain competitive and profitable with a strong balance sheet and liquidity position.
As we enter our 35th year in fiscal 2013, we are excited about the opportunities we see in our business. We are grateful to our employees for their dedication and their daily efforts to improve our operations and achieve profitable growth. We thank all of our suppliers, subcontractors, real estate agents and lenders for their valuable partnerships with us. Finally, we appreciate our shareholders for your long-term, consistent support. We will strive to validate your trust by delivering sustainable value, addressing future challenges directly and remaining a leader in the homebuilding industry.
Donald R. Horton
Chairman of the Board
               