 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
WE ARE PLEASED TO REPORT RECORD PERFORMANCE IN SALES, EARNINGS BEFORE ACCOUNTING CHANGES, AND OPERATING CASH FLOW FOR 2002. WE DELIVERED THESE RESULTS AGAINST THE BACKDROP OF A VERY CHALLENGING OPERATING ENVIRONMENT MARKED BY WEAKNESS IN THE WORLDWIDE ECONOMY AND RISING GEOPOLITICAL UNCERTAINTIES THROUGHOUT THE YEAR.
The Danaher team stayed focused on both our cus- tomers and our performance. Key highlights include:
• Revenues increased 21% v. 2001 to $4.6 billion – putting our annualized run-rate above $5 billion.
• Earnings per share, before the effect of accounting changes and certain tax related credits, rose to $2.79. And just as in 2001, earnings grew amidst the ongoing industrial recession and technology depression.
• Operating cash flow grew 17% to $710 million – our best year ever.
• Free cash flow, defined as operating cash flow less purchases of property, plant and equipment, increased 23% to $645 million – the eleventh year in a row in which our free cash flow exceeded our net earnings.
• An exciting, new fifth strategic platform, Product Identification, was constructed with the Videojet and Willett transactions.
• Danaher stock appreciated 9% – outdistancing peers and broader market indices.
DBS
We have dedicated several pages of this annual report to a detailed description of the Danaher Business System (DBS) that we hope you find insightful for several reasons. First, DBS has been – and remains – the foundation of our performance, and we’re hopeful a deeper understanding of DBS will help you under- stand the strength of our company more fully. Second, “what is DBS?” remains a frequent question among shareholders who, especially in the current environment, have an interest in understanding our operating model in detail. Third, as I mentioned a year ago, we are extending the traditional reach of DBS beyond manu- facturing to include non-manufacturing functions, particularly those related to innovation and growth, and we want to update you on our early progress.
I often think that “what is DBS?” is a Rorschach- like question when asked of those familiar with our company, and I am always fascinated by the answers. For me, the answer has always been simple: “it’s who we are and how we do what we do.”
DBS has evolved since its beginnings in the late 1980s to become the comprehensive operating and management system we use rigorously in each of our businesses in pursuit of our quality, delivery, cost, and innovation (QDCI) goals. The new DBS image found on pages 6 and 7 in this report details the key elements of DBS.
1
 
 2
To me, to define DBS as merely a set of tools and processes only answers part of the question “what is DBS?” and omits the other differentiating aspect of our organization, our core values. The concept of kaizen is a great example. Kaizen, the Japanese word for con- tinuous improvement, is most literally translated as “continuity and change for the better” and is the heart of the Toyota Production System. Once just a tool in the DBS toolbox, kaizen has become a fundamental part of Danaher’s culture and one of our five core values. No matter how well we perform, we know we can do better and we look to do so tomorrow.
In an environment in which investors are increas- ingly interested in the true sustainability of companies’ operating models and cultures, we are fortunate to be fifteen years into our efforts to build DBS. We were committed to DBS years before others cared about such concepts. And our continuously increasing commitment to the same values and concepts comes not from the greater interest shareholders have today but rather from the deep understanding we have of the power of DBS to create successes in our organization, an understand- ing we’ve built over many years.
In 2002 we intensified our efforts to take DBS into non-manufacturing functions, and enjoyed some early successes. We held scores of transactional process improvement (TPI) events to improve administrative functions. These TPI events drove many working capi- tal improvements in 2002, which contributed significantly to our record cash flow performance.
We added several new tools to DBS specifically intended to improve our growth and innovation skills. Resources were added to the DBS Office to support these efforts and the results are encouraging. We also increased our funding of corporate breakthroughs, those organic growth opportunities with at least $30 million of annualized revenue potential within three to five years and we now have 22 funded projects with over $600 million of growth potential.
We are confident that you will find this snapshot of DBS useful in better understanding our company. I use the word snapshot intentionally, because in the spirit of kaizen, DBS will be different a year from now. The bedrock elements will be the same (continuity) but we know we have countless improvement opportunities (change for the better) that will be realized in the coming year, and in years to come.
BUSINESS PORTFOLIO
Our results in 2002 were also driven by the quality
of Danaher’s business portfolio. Our five strategic platforms – global businesses with scale and leadership positions in attractive markets – now account for over 75% of Danaher’s revenues. The construction of these strategic platforms over the past five years has been a conscious effort to provide our larger businesses the scale and leading positions needed for outperformance in an increasingly competitive global marketplace. Our focused niche businesses also make important contributions, gen- erating positive returns through competitive advantages in their respective markets, and providing important career development assignments for Danaher leaders.
Environmental: Hach/Lange strengthened its worldwide leadership position for analytical instrumentation used
in water quality applications in 2002. Hach/Lange con- tinues to play a key role maintaining the safety of our public water supplies, safety we no longer take for granted. Hach/Lange posted positive organic growth in the year and demonstrated again the relative resiliency of its business in soft economic conditions. The Viridor acquisition brought several key technologies especially in the area of ultrapure instrumentation where Orbisphere is a worldwide leader. Orbisphere ultrapure instrumen- tation assures quality and purity in the production of food and beverages. Gilbarco, acquired in February, was integrated with Veeder-Root to create a global leader in environmental instrumentation and retail automation products and services for the retail petroleum market. Early integration successes resulted in share gains against a backdrop of weak demand due to global uncertainties and higher oil prices.
Electronic Test: Fluke, a leading global brand in hand- held test instrumentation, gained momentum throughout the year with new product launches and creative mar- keting programs. Fluke’s growth breakthrough initiative in the electrical market drove double-digit growth as we progress well toward our three-year goal of $30 million of growth in that market. Acquired in August, Raytek enhanced Fluke’s product portfolio with its core non- contact infrared temperature technology. Raytek infrared products complement current Fluke products in com- mercial and industrial applications where only non- contact temperature readings can be taken – giving Fluke a leading global position in this new product category. Fluke Networks, while down for the year due to the sluggish information technology spending envi- ronment, gained market share due to the introduction of several unique products, including the OptiView Wireless

 and Workgroup Analyzers, LinkRunner, WaveRunner and Optifiber, all key products for the enterprise network engineer.
Motion: The integration of our precision motion busi- nesses under the Danaher Motion banner continued with design wins and new distribution partners providing evi- dence of the strength of the combined Pacific Scientific, Kollmorgen, API and Warner operations. The economic downturn affected us most dramatically in Motion so we were pleased with the stronger organic growth rates achieved during the second half of 2002. We are funding more growth breakthroughs in Motion than in any other platform. Our precision motor sales to Otis in conjunction with their Gen2 elevator enjoyed double-digit growth. As electrical lift truck manufacturers transition to more energy-efficient motor and drive solutions, we expect to win the majority of new designs which, in turn, are expected to generate in excess of $100 million in rev- enues by 2005. The addition of Thomson, a U.S. leader in precision mechanical devices, strengthens our system offering for our OEM customers while providing signifi- cant strength in the North American distribution channel.
Hand Tools: We enjoyed 2% growth in Hand Tools for the year due primarily to the superior performance turned in by Matco in mobile distribution and by our Professional Tool Division and its Armstrong brand in industrial distribution. New products, such as Hi-Vis sockets and the Next Generation Ratcheting System, helped us mitigate the soft retail environment in 2002. We are excited about our agreement with Sears at year- end whereby we obtained exclusive rights to take the Craftsman brand into industrial, electrical and construction channels. This agreement gives us additional growth opportunities for 2003 and beyond.
Product Identification: Videojet joined Danaher last February and is the cornerstone of our newest platform: Product Identification. Videojet, a leading worldwide brand for marking variable product information across a broad range of consumer and industrial applications, including the pharmaceutical and food and beverage industries, saw a return to sales growth as the company refocused on core customers while aggressively imple- menting DBS across its operations. The addition of Willett in January 2003 raised platform revenues in excess of $400 million and, more importantly, dramat- ically improved our reach into the rapidly-growing markets of Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe.
STRATEGY AND PROSPECTS
Our annual strategic plan review with each Danaher business is a key element of DBS. We continue this discussion throughout the year, continually asking our- selves, “what game are we playing?” and “how do we win?” By doing so, we identify and address the issues and opportunities that face each of our businesses, with tailored strategies. Our Danaher-wide efforts aimed at growing our team, evolving DBS and stimulating organic growth and innovation – with specific attention on these efforts outside of North America – are integrated with each business’s strategic plan for maximum focus at the point of impact. We are excited about the strategic prospects for each of our businesses and for our cor- poration as a whole.
However, I characterize our near-term outlook as cautious. Despite the strong organic growth we enjoyed in the fourth quarter of 2002, we began 2003 anticipating a flat global economy unlikely to see a sustained up-tick in the near future. Accordingly, we are actively pursuing share gains and investing in our key long-term growth initiatives while retaining our generally conservative posture on expenses so as to grow earnings again in 2003 while funding our future. With over $800 million of cash on the balance sheet at year-end, we remain well-positioned and committed to an active strategic acquisition program to complement our organic growth strategies, but will maintain our financial discipline along the way.
Our long-term view of Danaher’s future remains unchanged: our team is confident that the powerful combination of DBS and our high-quality portfolio of businesses will create superior value for shareholders as we continue the journey of becoming a premier global enterprise.
FINAL THOUGHTS
Many people – Danaher associates, suppliers and customers – helped deliver the record 2002 perform- ance presented in this report. I am grateful for their support and contributions to our collective success. I am particularly proud of all of the Danaher associates who worked so tirelessly and diligently throughout the year with a relentless commitment to DBS. To be their leader continues to be a humbling experience. Thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer March 28, 2003
 3
