We anticipated the challenges experienced in 1998, and we have proven our ability to be a growth company in cyclically difficult times.
  To Our Shareholders
 2
In 1998, Danaher associates demonstrated the agility, flexibility, stamina and creativity required to deliver another great year, setting new records for sales, earn- ings, earnings per share and cash flow. During the last six years, Danaher, like many other manufacturing companies, was thriving in a relatively stable, global economic envi- ronment. In 1998, that stability disappeared. However, we achieved record performance levels in 1998 despite this far more challenging operating environment.
Once again, I am drawn to the analogy of the “swift- flowing” river – the origin and inspiration of our company and the Danaher name. The team of Fluke associates on the front cover, shown negotiating the Arkansas River on their raft, is symbolic of the situation we faced in 1998. As a river flows, waters are interrupted by faster moving, more turbulent passages. Clearly, in 1998, manufacturers were tested by softening demand in the U.S. and turmoil in a number of international markets. This challenged our corporate ability to plot and execute a course through difficult times. Our associates successfully anticipated and navigated through troubled waters, and achieved record results and strategic objectives as well.
 
       1998 Performance Danaher’s sales grew to $2.9 billion in 1998, 17% above last year’s record performance. Comparable company sales increased 5%. Gross margin improved 1.5% in 1998, allowing us to continue increasing investments in marketing and research and development while improving operating profitability. Net earnings and earnings per share in 1998, before the inclusion of one-time costs associated with the Fluke acquisition, were up 20% over our record performance in 1997. Operating cash flow increased $29 million to
a record $331 million. The Fluke transaction has been accounted for as a pooling of interests. Our financial statements, therefore, reflect the combined results of the Fluke and Danaher Corporations for all periods presented.
Growth In 1998, we continued to grow faster than
the industries in which we participate. We plan to keep exceeding industry growth rates in our existing business- es, accelerating international growth and expanding through acquisitions. During 1998, the economic dislocation in Asia, plus declines in various industries, negatively impacted our business, primarily in our Process/Environmental Controls Business Segment.
Despite these external pressures, we were able to grow our total sales by 17%, with 5% coming from core operations and the remaining 12% from acquisitions. Our Tools and Components Business Segment grew core revenues by 8.5%, which was substantially greater than the industry’s average.
New products were a key factor in achieving accelerated growth. In 1998, 27% of our total sales came from products introduced during the last three years. Our 1998 sales outside the U.S., including both exports
and direct sales abroad, reached $812 million and now constitute 28% of total sales. With our strong free cash flow, acquisitions remain a major component of Danaher’s growth strategy.
Acquisitions During 1998, we completed three significant acquisitions: Pacific Scientific Company, Fluke Corporation and Dr. Bruno Lange GmbH. In total, these newly acquired companies are expected to add approximately $850 million in annualized sales. Each of these companies fits within our Process/Environmental Controls Business Segment and strengthens our position
3
  
4
 in motion control, environmental and power quality prod- ucts and services. The largest acquisition of the year was our purchase, in July, of the Fluke Corporation, a leading worldwide manufacturer of portable, electronic test tools. The addition of Fluke is important, as it brings to Danaher a premier brand name with a global presence. More infor- mation concerning the Fluke acquisition can be found in this report on pages 10 and 11.
The Pacific Scientific Company brought to Danaher an international designer, manufacturer and marketer of motion control, process control and safety equipment, providing increased capabilities in a wide range of targeted end markets.
During the summer, we also acquired Dr. Bruno Lange GmbH, a major addition to our environmental business. Dr. Lange, based in Germany, is a leading European marketer and manufacturer of products used to analyze industrial and municipal water quality.
Financial Strength Our historically strong cash flow has allowed us to acquire strategic companies and still end 1998 with a 26% debt to total capital ratio. We have sup- plemented our cash generation with a public debt offering. In October 1998, we issued $250 million of 6% notes due in October 2008. The positive reception of the notes, both at issuance and in the aftermarket, bodes well for our ability to access this market again in the future, if the need arises. Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s rated the debt as A2/A+. Clearly, we are well positioned to fund both internal growth and future acquisitions.
Recognition We were pleased to reach another milestone in 1998: Danaher was selected by Standard & Poor’s to enter the S&P 500, the widely followed index of large capitalization public corporations. In addition to recogni- tion among this elite group of companies, the selection is expected to provide greater trading volume and liquidity for Danaher shareholders.
Operating Philosophy Danaher distinguishes itself from other companies by equipping accomplished people with a powerful operating system. Despite the varied nature of our product lines, customers, manufacturing facilities and
channels of distribution, the entire company is bonded together by the cohesive and pervasive operating philosophy we call the Danaher Business System (DBS). The process begins with outstanding people and superior market- and customer-driven plans. Then, the Danaher Business System provides the tools and methodology
to achieve stretch goals. Our energies are focused on selected customer-oriented breakthroughs and continuous improvements designed to ensure our long-term success. Examples of our operating philosophy at work can be found on pages 6 to 11.
Outlook We anticipated the challenges experienced
in 1998, and we have proven our ability to be a growth company in cyclically difficult times. The economic outlook for 1999 is still uncertain and remains clouded by acute financial problems in Asia and Latin America, as well as by global industrial overcapacity. During 1998, we took the necessary action to prepare for what could be an even more difficult environment in 1999 and still allow us to achieve our growth goals.
Steering a raft in difficult times requires training,
fitness and teamwork. Our associates at all levels of
the organization were prepared for and overcame the turbulence they encountered in 1998. They deserve our appreciation for their accomplishments. We also thank our customers and suppliers for their continued teamwork and cooperation as we strive to win together. Our associates, customers and suppliers are all partners in this adventure.
We remain committed to our goals: above-average growth with reduced cyclicality; top-quartile financial performance; and superior shareholder value. The sustainable competitive advantage we have achieved fuels our confidence for the future.
George M. Sherman
President and Chief Executive Officer
   