H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
Again in 2003, Danaher delivered a record performance in sales, earnings, and cash flow. We generated these results in an operating environment that was weak at the outset, but stabilized and strengthened throughout the year. This welcome macro-economic strength, coupled with the long list of initiatives taken and investments made during the three and a half-year industrial downturn, give us increased optimism about 2004 and beyond.
2003 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS INCLUDE:
I Revenues increased approximately 15.5% to $5.29 billion. With the addition of Radiometer and Gendex, our annualized revenue run-rate in early 2004 is over $6 billion, an increase of more than 60% from our pre-recession level.
I Organic growth of 6% (excluding positive currency effects) in the fourth quarter drove a 1.5% revenue increase for the year.
I Earnings Per Share grew 20% to $3.37.
I Operating Cash Flow of $862 million was an all-time high.
I Free Cash Flow increased 21% to a record $781 million and exceeded net income, a key barometer of earnings quality and operating efficiency, for the 12th year in a row.
I Product Identification, the strategic platform created in 2002, was strengthened with the acquisitions of Willett and Accu-Sort. Product Identification’s annualized revenues are now above $600 million entering 2004.
I Our sixth strategic platform, Medical Technology, was announced on December 11, 2003, anchored by the early 2004 acquisitions of Radiometer and Gendex.
I The stock price ended the year at $91.75, a 40% increase for the year and 1.5 times the change in the S&P 500 Index during 2003, and 3.9 times that same index over the last three years.
DANAHER 2003
 3

4
RECESSION IN RETROSPECT
Now that we have tangible evidence that the industrial econ- omy is recovering from its recent malaise, I share here some thoughts on our experiences and what they say about Danaher.
We first saw the signs of economic weakness back in the third quarter of 2000 and immediately began to take action. Our subsequent performance – sustained annual increases in revenues, earnings, and cash flow throughout the period – is widely praised but sometimes misunderstood. Quick and decisive countermea- sures aimed at reducing expenses were implemented. I am still impressed that since July of 2000 we increased our actual revenues by 42% while expanding our facility count by only 2% and our associate population by just 10% over the same period. Our early actions to tighten operating budgets certainly helped, but I believe two other dynamics – essential aspects of Danaher and the Danaher Business System (DBS) – had a far greater impact on our subsequent performance.
The first dynamic is kaizen. Kaizen, the Japanese word for continuous improvement, aims to eliminate waste. We constantly uncover examples of waste, even in our best facilities and within our most productive processes. Our kaizen methods continue to be so integral to our organization that the “spirit of kaizen,” the simple philosophy that no matter how good today's performance is, we can do better tomorrow, is a Danaher core value. Since the kaizen process is continuous and focuses energies on eliminating waste, when the downturn in the economy became evident and cost reduction actions became necessary, we did not have to pull rusty, infrequently used tools out of the DBS toolbox. We simply accelerated the kaizen processes already in motion across Danaher. So rather than the “early” start we are given credit for, what we really enjoyed was a “running” start given our longstanding commitment to kaizen.
The second dynamic is what Jim Collins, author of Good to Great and co-author of Built to Last, calls “The Genius of AND.” Collins’ thesis is that outstanding companies reject conventional “either A or B but not both”-type trade-offs. That was exactly the approach we sought to adhere to throughout the entire down- turn with respect to reducing costs while protecting the funding for our growth strategies. Not that it was always easy. The tough decisions only got tougher as the downturn wore on. Yet, we consistently strove to outperform with respect to earnings and cash flow without compromising our long-term vision. We con- tinued to invest heavily in DBS training and staffing across the organization. We strengthened competitive positions and increased our investments in our long-term “corporate breakthroughs” – those growth opportunities with at least $30 million of growth potential in a 3-5 year timeframe. I am proud of what our team
did to outperform AND enhance our long-term growth prospects during the last three years. I know we have not yet realized the full benefits of these efforts.
STRATEGIC PLATFORMS IN 2003
Our 2003 results were again driven by Danaher’s high-quality busi- ness portfolio, comprised of five key strategic platforms generat- ing more than three-quarters of our revenues for the year and providing key leadership positions in very attractive global mar- kets. In December of 2003 we announced the creation of our sixth platform, Medical Technology, with the acquisitions of Radiometer and Gendex. Medical Technology is our first platform based out- side of the United States. Radiometer, based in Copenhagen, Denmark, is a leading manufacturer of arterial blood gas analysis equipment and consumables, with approximately $300 million in annual revenues. Gendex is a leading brand in the dental imaging market. We think that both of these acquisitions represent an excellent opportunity to grow in new areas, while staying close to the technologies, processes, and products where we believe the application of DBS can add significant value.
Environmental – Hach/Lange, a leader in water quality analytical instrumentation, continued to show consistent core growth on a global basis. During 2003, Hach/Lange introduced the Luminescense Dissolved Oxygen sensor (LDO), a key innovation for the waste water analysis market – an accurate, low-maintenance sensor that does not require calibration. The team also made excellent progress in China, winning the analytics contract for the largest waste water facility in Pudong, Shanghai.
Gilbarco Veeder-Root is a premier brand in integrated automation and environmental systems and services for the retail petroleum industry. Gilbarco Veeder-Root continues to develop innovative product and service offerings which include enhanced vapor recovery systems and leak containment sensors for both U.S. and international markets. Gaining share in 2003, the team made excellent progress in the high volume retail chan- nel, while revenues in China doubled over 2002. For all of 2003, the group showed positive revenue growth, a stark contrast with the double-digit declines at the beginning of the year, prior to the Iraq war.
Motion, a global manufacturer of innovative solutions for complex, high-speed, high-precision motion applications, has now delivered six consecutive quarters of core growth. During the year, the group broadened manufacturing capability in China to sup- port production of Otis Gen2 Elevators – addressing a growing opportunity in that region. We continue to gain traction with our lift truck initiative with over $160 million of annualized orders booked, as well as flat-panel display equipment order revenues that we expect to increase significantly in 2004.

Product Identification is a leader in printing, marking and scan- ning applications serving the food and beverage, pharmaceutical, print, and mail markets. The February 2003 acquisition of Willet complemented our existing Videojet business, providing both product line and geographic expansions helping to drive solid mid-single-digit core growth from existing businesses for the year. Additionally, we saw strong growth in newer technologies such as laser, thermal transfer overlay, and binary array. Accu-Sort, acquired in November 2003, adds a leadership position in scanning technology and addresses a key need of many of our existing Videojet customers.
The Electronic Test platform, led by Fluke, a premier global brand in hand-held test instrumentation, ended the fourth quarter with sequential and year-over-year growth in both the Fluke and Fluke Networks businesses. Fluke Networks enjoyed growth in both fiber- and copper-testing equipment as well as distributed- analysis products, with Europe and China showing the most significant revenue gains – an outstanding performance despite the difficult technology market in 2003. Raytek, a Fluke brand, launched the Ti30, an innovative new thermal imaging product, targeting a new segment of that market. The acquisition of Beha in the fourth quarter significantly strengthens our existing Fluke European presence in electrical products.
Mechanics Hand Tools grew as a result of our Craftsman Industrial and Lowe’s initiatives, coupled with stronger retail sales at Sears and in our Matco business. Sales in China grew at a double-digit rate, driven by the SATA brand expansion into automotive and hardware markets. New products, such as the thin profile ratchet and high-visibility sockets, position us well for continued growth in 2004.
Our focused, niche businesses also made significant progress during the year, many providing positive returns and improving their competitive positions in their respective markets, and, at times, serving as excellent developmental assignments for our future leaders.
OUTLOOK – 2004 AND BEYOND
During the second half of 2003, we saw multiple signs of strength- ening end-user demand building across Danaher. That strength accelerated in the fourth quarter where we achieved 6% organic growth, and this momentum has continued into early 2004. Though America’s “twin deficits,” combined with the prospects of interest rate increases and a deceleration of the economic growth in China have some observers concerned about the state of the economy at large, we are optimistic that 2004 may be the first year since 1999 in which we do not see a softening of demand. We expect Danaher to do well on a relative basis in an improved economy as our six strategic platforms enjoy stronger competitive positions
today than when we entered the recession. Our investments in new products, people development, and enhanced DBS capabil- ities drove our out-performance in recent years, and we expect this impact to expand in a growing economy.
The overall quality of the portfolio is improved with approxi- mately 80% of 2004 revenues expected to come from strategic platforms. Two of these platforms did not even exist within Danaher three years ago, and we are not yet finished augmenting our organic growth efforts with acquisitions. Even with the comple- tion of Radiometer and Gendex, we have a healthy list of strategic acquisition ideas. As of December 31, 2003, we are underleveraged with a debt to capital ratio of 26%. In addition we had $1.2 billion in cash at year end, approximately $750 million of which was used to fund the Radiometer and Gendex acquisitions. Rest assured that we remain both humble and hungry as we look ahead to the oppor- tunities and challenges an improved economy presents for Danaher.
As we prepare for our twentieth anniversary this fall, we believe our best days are still very much ahead of us. Our long- term view of Danaher’s future remains unchanged: Our team believes that the powerful combination of DBS and our high- quality portfolio of businesses can create superior value for our shareholders as we continue the journey of becoming a Premier Global Enterprise.
RECOGNITION AND APPRECIATION
I would like to bring attention to, and thank, Danaher’s 30,000 associates worldwide. Our record performance in 2003 and, more importantly, during the entire course of the recent economic downturn, is largely due to their dedication, perseverance, intel- ligence, customer focus, and competitive spirit. Countless others, especially amongst our supplier and customer bases, also made significant contributions. Energized by the challenge, the col- lective commitment of all of these individuals to our long-term success continues to impress and motivate me. I thank all of them for their support.
Sincerely,
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2004
DANAHER 2003
 5
