    THOMAS P. JOYCE, JR.
President and Chief Executive Officer
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
2015 was an extraordinary year for Danaher. We completed the largest acquisition in our history with Pall Corporation, announced the pending launch of Fortive Corporation, and drove excellent overall financial results. Despite a challenging economic backdrop, Danaher continued to execute well and create shareholder value.
n We generated more than $20 billion in revenue, with $5.5 billion in the high growth markets, including over $2 billion in China alone.
n The growth tools of the Danaher Business System (DBS) helped us continue to build our competitive advantage and gain market share across a number of operating companies.
n We achieved more than 8% year-over-year Adjusted Diluted Net Earnings Per Share growth – among the best in our peer set.
n We generated a record $3.2 billion in free cash flow, one of the best indicators of our execution quality. Our free cash flow to net income conversion ratio was 123%, the 24th consecutive year in which our free cash flow has exceeded net income.
n We deployed more than $14 billion in acquisition related capital, announcing or completing 13 transactions,
in addition to Pall, with each of our five business segments executing at least one acquisition.
While Danaher today is larger than it was a year ago, our goal is not exclusively to build a bigger Danaher, but to build a better Danaher. Perhaps the most significant affirmation of this goal was our announcement in May to establish a new industrial growth company, Fortive Corporation, which we expect to launch in the third quarter of 2016.
Following the separation, Danaher will be a $16 billion multi-industry, science and technology growth company, well positioned to grow organically, improve profitability, deploy capital and generate substantial earnings growth for our shareholders. DBS will remain the core of our operating model, the cornerstone of our culture and the foundation upon which we build our competitive advantage. We expect Danaher’s market-leading brands to benefit from favorable secular growth trends, while generating high recurring revenues and gross margins with lower overall cyclicality. Our portfolio will include Danaher’s current Life Sciences, Diagnostics, Dental, Water Quality and Product Identification platforms, and Pall.
EXECUTING ON OUR 2015 PRIORITIES
Danaher delivered outstanding overall financial results in 2015 by focusing our businesses on three strategic priorities:
Enhancing Our Competitive Position with DBS
DBS is our ultimate competitive advantage. It empowers us with the tools and processes to drive improvement
in all aspects of our business. Using DBS growth tools, we strengthened our competitive advantage and gained share across a number of operating companies, including ChemTreat, Qualitrol, Gilbarco Veeder-Root, Hach, SCIEX, Radiometer and Matco Tools.
At Matco, advancements in our transformative marketing initiative generated a record number of new franchise leads
in 2015. The thoughtful implementation of DBS tools, such as Transactional Process Improvement, further enhanced Matco’s
go-to-market strategy. In addition, focused kaizen activities accelerated innovation in high-growth products, like the maxME, our vehicle diagnostics tablet with
the industry’s only patented, pay-as-you-go software subscription service. Ultimately, DBS helped Matco achieve low teens core revenue growth – among the best at Danaher in 2015.
Investing in High-Impact Organic
Growth Opportunities
New product innovation continues to be among the highest-impact organic growth opportunities for Danaher. Many of our share gains in 2015 were driven by the innovative new products we are bringing to our customers.
At SCIEX, we saw a great example of how new products help solve our customers’ most critical challenges.
In November, SCIEX launched the X-Series mass spectrometry platform and the first model within the product family, the X500R QTOF System, to meet the needs of routine food, environmental and forensic testing labs. Bringing this innovative platform to life was the largest-ever development project for SCIEX, involving
more than 200 R&D scientists, hardware and software developers, and product managers. This collaboration and investment enabled us to introduce a new solution via an expanded product offering, and provide our customers with even greater value going forward.
Optimizing Our Portfolio
To complement our focused organic initiatives, we continued our strategic approach to capital allocation. Our acquisition of Pall Corporation exemplifies how we continue to add important and highly strategic operating companies to Danaher’s portfolio.
Pall is a leading global provider of filtration, separation and purification solutions used
to remove contaminants or separate substances from
a variety of solids, liquids
and gases. Decades of work by the company’s filtration engineers and scientists have enabled Pall to build a globally
respected business that customers rely on to help solve
their most difficult filtration and purification problems across
a broad spectrum of high-growth life sciences and industrial applications. Pall filters are used in the discovery, development and production of biological drugs, vaccines, cell therapies and other pharmaceuticals, and have additional applications in the microelectronics, aerospace, fuels, petrochemical, chemical, automotive and power generation industries.
The Pall team’s early and enthusiastic implementation of DBS is already providing the momentum needed to accelerate product development, and drive quality, delivery and cost improvements. We are confident that through the thoughtful application of DBS tools and principles, we can improve
Pall’s growth trajectory and profitability, while enhancing our customers’ experience.
LIVING OUR CORE VALUES
At Danaher, how we achieve our results is as important
as what we achieve. It’s how we do what we do that sustains our relative outperformance. DBS and our five core values continue to be the driving force behind this outperformance.
Our teams prove their passion for our core values every day through their service to our customers. There is no better example of our associates helping to solve a customer’s
most critical challenge than their mobilization following the November 2015 mudslide in the Mariana, Minas Gerais region of Brazil. Caused by a breach of two wastewater dams, 50 million tons of environmentally hazardous sludge destroyed an entire city, contaminated the drinking water supply for a quarter of a million people and halted industry operations throughout the region. Our Hach team was on the ground
the next day, re-engineering an industrial water treatment

 DANAHER’S CORE VALUES
n The Best Team Wins
n Customers Talk, We Listen
n Kaizen is Our Way of Life
n Innovation Defines Our Future n We Compete for Shareholders
  plant to transform muddy, contaminated water into clean potable water. Within three weeks, the treatment plant was operational and supplying potable water to the largest industrial plant in the region, employing 5,000 people. In this disaster, dedication to our core values wasn’t limited to associates in our Water Quality businesses. Videojet Brazil associates, for example, aided flood victims by donating clothing, shoes, food and over 2,500 liters of bottled water.
Our associates are equally passionate about developing cutting-edge technologies to better meet our customers’ needs. Danaher Labs, our Silicon Valley-based center of digital innovation, now in its second year, is helping our operating companies move to the forefront of digital
trends, particularly in data science, advanced analytics and cloud infrastructure. Connected solutions, such as Videojet’s Remote Service, which enables our technical support teams to interact remotely with customer printers and systems
in the click of a mouse, are changing the way we interact with and serve our customers. In this case, intelligent printer monitoring and remote system access allow us to proactively address service calls and resolve many routine maintenance requests remotely in a matter of minutes, in lieu of an on-site service visit.
THE BEST TEAM WINS
Our financial results and share gains demonstrate our continuing ability to win in the markets we serve. But it’s our global team of 81,000 associates that drives these results each and every day and distinguishes us from our peers. Our team’s commitment to our customers, DBS and each other is my continued source of inspiration. I work for them and for each of you. Thank you for the continued trust you place in our team here at Danaher. I look forward to rewarding that trust in the years to come.
Sincerely,
March 31, 2016
     BORN OF DANAHER BUT WITH A FUTURE UNIQUELY ITS OWN
Fortive Corporation will be a $6 billion, Fortune 500 company with a strong foundation of success built over 30 years
and an experienced leadership team. It will have outstanding brands and market leading positions in professional instrumentation, automation, sensing and transportation technologies. It will be comprised of Danaher’s existing Test & Measurement and Industrial Technologies segments (excluding the Product Identification platform), and Retail/Commercial Petroleum platform.
As a standalone entity, Fortive is expected to pursue a strategy focused on organic growth and operating margin expansion, and will emphasize value creation via strategic and financially disciplined acquisitions. The Fortive team, led by longtime Danaher executive,
Jim Lico, will have a strong Danaher legacy and will seek to make continuous improvement part of everything it does. Fortive is committed to embracing and building upon the principles of DBS with their own operating model called the Fortive Business System, or FBS, to drive long-term shareholder value.
 