                 Dear Fellow Shareholder,
I am pleased to report that Danaher delivered another year of record financial performance in 2006. Most importantly, we continued to build our company so that today we have an even stronger and more competitive portfolio of businesses — businesses that continue to grow through the application of the Danaher Business System (DBS).
2006 Performance
Our 2006 results underscore the strength and importance of DBS:
— Revenues increased 20% to $9.6 billion, including core revenue growth of 6.5%.
— Earnings per share grew 26% to $3.48.
— Operating cash flow increased 29% to over $1.5 billion.
— Free cash flow (operating cash flow less capital expenditures) grew 30% to more than $1.4 billion and exceeded net income for the 15th consecutive year.
— We invested over $2.6 billion in acquisi- tions with a focus on building our Medical Technologies platform, which is now approaching 25% of total revenues and reported as a segment.
— Key acquisitions were Sybron Dental Specialties, a global leader in dental consumables, and Vision Systems Ltd., a leader in the pathology diagnostics market.
Unless you are new to Danaher, you will recognize our consistent story. For more than 20 years, DBS has defined Danaher’s culture and operating model. This distinctive approach to continuous improvement has been instrumental in building high-perfor- mance businesses over time — and it is what makes Danaher unique. The central focus of DBS is the customer, and we aim to anticipate and address their needs for quality, delivery, cost, and innovation.
Building Businesses
DBS is how we build market leadership positions in the businesses we acquire.
DBS also provides the means to strengthen our existing businesses and help them to satisfy customers, and to compete and grow. Throughout this annual report, we have shared with you stories of how we do
just that.
Because “deals” generate publicity, acquisi- tions tend to overshadow our day-to-day operations. This is unfortunate given our long-term approach. The acquisition is just the beginning of a journey for a company within the Danaher portfolio, one without a finish line. And in a world where businesses are increasingly bought just to be sold again, our approach may seem antiquated. How- ever, it is one we believe delivers superior long-term value to shareholders.
One of my favorite stories in 2006 came from our Fluke business. A key reason core revenues at Fluke grew at a high single-digit rate last year is that we have built the lead- ing share position in portable thermography.
In 2002, we acquired Raytek Corporation,
a manufacturer of non-contact infrared thermography products used in industrial, maintenance, and quality-control applica- tions. The acquisition was a natural extension for the Fluke brand, but Raytek’s products tended to be complicated, bulky and expen- sive for broad commercialization. As a result, thermography was primarily an outsourced activity for the industrial maintenance user. After talking with Fluke customers, we realized a hand-held thermography product that was easy to use and less expensive would have significant market potential as 40% of Fluke customers said they would buy such a device.
14

                 With this knowledge, Fluke engineers reduced the size of the Raytek product and gave it the design, durability, and cost-effec- tiveness that are Fluke’s hallmark. We then applied the full DBS toolkit to get production time and product cost down to levels that would enable broad commercialization.
As a result, Fluke introduced the Ti30 hand-held thermal imager in 2005 and the Ti20 in 2006. These products have been extremely well received because they address the previous objections of “difficult to use” and “expensive.” Fluke now holds the leading market share position at its price point, and the year-over-year growth rate
for these products was 96% in 2006. There are many other stories like this within Danaher businesses.
Building for Tomorrow
Danaher also continues to invest in our people to build good businesses. Through DBS training, tools and processes, our as- sociates are the key to the achievement of our business objectives. Today, our more than 45,000 associates are building busi- nesses with global reach and market-leading capabilities to meet the current and future needs of our customers. We are proud of our performance in 2006 but remain focused on continuing to improve our businesses in the future.
We are confident that we have the right initiatives, the right culture and the right leadership for continued growth and value creation for our customers and for our shareholders. With a long-term view of building strong businesses, we believe we are well positioned to continue our journey to become a premier global enterprise.
We are grateful for your continuing support.
 Sincerely,
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2007
 15
