  H. Lawrence cuLp, Jr. president & chief executive Officer
Dear Shareholders
2012 was another record year for Danaher. Our teams executed well amidst economic uncertainty with excellent free cash flow, superior earnings growth and strong operating margin expansion for the year. We achieved many financial milestones:
• Revenues increased 13.5% to $18.3 billion with core revenue growth of 2.5%
• Free cash flow exceeded $3 billion for the first time in our history with a free cash flow to net income conversion ratio of 132%, representing the 21st consecutive year in which free cash flow exceeded net income
• Deployed $1.8 billion of capital on 14 acquisitions
• Repurchased 12.5 million shares of Danaher stock at an average price of approximately $52 per share
• Diluted net earnings per share increased more than 16% to $3.23
Danaher tODay
The evolution of our portfolio continued throughout 2012, as evidenced by our theme of “Building a Global Science and Technology Company with DBS.” Today, our portfolio includes market-leading brands, as
it always has, but with a discernible shift towards more global, more science and technology focused businesses. Across our five segments our businesses will continue to benefit from exposure to favorable long- term macro trends such as heightened environmental concerns, greater healthcare requirements around the world and the rapid expansion of wireless networks.

  > X-rite
In 2012, we acquired X-rite, the global leader in color science and technology. X-rite, which includes color industry leader Pantone, develops, manufactures, markets and supports innovative color solutions through measurement systems, software, color standards and services. Combining these capabilities with Esko’s suite of products and services enables us to offer industry leading solutions in each step of the consumer packaging workflow, from brand management to marking and coding.
Two key underlying themes that highlight the expansion and reshaping of the Danaher portfolio are a bias for growing our recurring revenue base and an increased emphasis on expanding our presence in high-growth markets.
We have placed a particular focus on growing our recurring revenue base organically and inorganically. Organically, we’re making innovation investments and improving our go-to-market initiatives. From an inorganic perspective, we’ve acquired new businesses like ChemTreat, Beckman Coulter and EskoArtwork, which have high recurring revenues and where the Danaher Business System (DBS) has had a significant impact. We believe these businesses not only provide more stability in tough times, but also strong margin opportunities throughout an entire economic cycle. Our approach has helped significantly increase our recurring revenue base to 40% of total revenues in 2012, up from 25% in 2007.
We have also expanded our presence in high-growth markets around the world. In 2001 our high-growth market exposure was fairly limited, representing 7% of total revenues. In 2012, those geographies represented 25% of a much bigger revenue base. Our growth has been a function of a number of investments and DBS activities that have positioned Danaher to serve more fully the faster-growing geographic markets of the future.
A quieter, but no less significant part of our evolution, has been our transition out of some of our legacy businesses that were no longer considered core. In the last five years, we’ve divested businesses which represented 30% of Danaher’s 2001 revenue base while reinvesting those proceeds back into
our strategic growth platforms. Ten years ago, approximately 50% of our revenues were derived from what we consider to be our strategic growth platforms. In 2012, that number was nearly 90%, reflecting the move towards higher growth, higher margin, more global businesses, where many of our brands are market leaders.
13

 > beckman cOulter – UPdatE
We had an outstanding first full year with Beckman Coulter. dBS has had an immediate impact on product quality, regulatory compliance, customer satisfaction and growth. the team achieved several milestones in 2012, including:
• On-time delivery improved to over 90%
• Greater than 25% reduction in unscheduled service calls since danaher’s acquisition
• Launched several new products including the aU 5800 Series, the UniCel dxH Slidemaker Stainer and the Biomek 4000
Dbs tODay
When we began developing DBS at Jake Brake back in the 1980s, our objective was to increase productivity and efficiency on the factory floor while improving quality and customer service. Today, that goal is as much a part of DBS as it was in those early years. As Danaher’s portfolio has transformed, DBS has evolved to meet new needs. We’ve expanded DBS to address both our growth and leadership development priorities as well as our long-standing lean agenda.
Our Dream-Develop-Deliver (3D) growth tool set helps drive market share gains and organic growth across our operating businesses. Whether we’re identifying new “white space” opportunities at Fluke, accelerating the pace of new product development in Dental or increasing our use of the Internet to generate and nurture sales leads at Videojet, our 3D tools take core DBS fundamentals into research and development, marketing, sales and service to improve performance.
Our most important core value is “The Best Team Wins.” Recruiting, developing and retaining a great team is a priority for every Danaher operating business. Leadership matters a lot, as does building a deep bench of talent within each of our businesses. DBS helps us in each of these important functions, whether we’re working on senior management succession or recruiting sales people in Brazil.
We see the positive impact DBS has on our lean, growth and leadership efforts every day. Within our businesses, we’ve delivered above-market revenue growth at many operating companies as DBS improved execution in key areas. Notably, ChemTreat had seen ten consecutive quarters of double-digit growth through the end of 2012. We’ve also seen an increase in the cadence of new product development at businesses like Videojet where localized product initiatives in high-growth markets have led to above market growth in those regions. Finally, we’ve seen DBS accelerate new product introductions and improve go-to-market initiatives at Radiometer, Tektronix Communications and Leica Biosystems to help capture market share.
All told, our efforts to evolve and enhance both the portfolio and DBS over the past decade have helped drive a mid-teens compounded annual growth rate for both our revenues and free cash flow.

  > high grOwth markets
High-growth markets accounted for 25% of danaher’s total revenues in 2012. during the course of the year, many of our businesses focused on the local development and manufacturing of products that serve specific needs in high-growth markets. In China, Hach now satisfies a unique waste water monitoring regulation with its amtax Compact II, Fluke fills a gap in the local panel meter calibration market with its 5080a and Videojet introduced a cost-effective, lower-maintenance solution to local markets with its Willett 630 CIJ printer.
However, we are never done at Danaher because at the heart of DBS is a values-based culture, committed to continuous improvement and oriented toward driving superior results. That commitment extends far beyond our doors and into our communities. We encourage all our associates to be active participants in their communities and provide support in times of need. We saw that in 2012 with the outpouring of support from many of our associates in response to Hurricane Sandy. These efforts included Danaher’s company-wide support of the American Red Cross, the contributions of our Pantone associates in New Jersey to feed and clothe those in need, while faced with their own power outages and fuel shortages, and the rapid response provided by Hach, Fluke, Gilbarco and Beckman Coulter to help get critical services back up and running.
Final thOughts
We are proud of our performance in 2012, particularly in light of the challenging economic environment. We believe we have positioned both our portfolio and DBS well for the opportunities and challenges of the future. Though we have grown considerably over the last decade, our primary thrust has been to build a global science and technology company with an expanded DBS at its core. We are pleased with our progress and past performance but we are most excited about our future. We have never been so well positioned for the road ahead.
Thank you for your continued support and confidence.
 15
 > matcO “tOOls FOr the cause”
In October 2012, Matco launched its “tools for the Cause” campaign to support breast cancer research and awareness. Matco held raffles, a chili cook-off, and even introduced a specialty line of pink toolboxes and other products, from which a portion of the proceeds were donated to Susan G. Komen for the Cure®. these efforts raised over $250,000 and generated an enormous response from the community. We are proud of what Matco has accomplished from both a fundraising and awareness perspective.
