                                          To Our Shareholders
From an idea born more than a decade ago on a remote river in Montana, the Danaher Corporation has evolved into a company with more than $2 billion in annual sales and 13,200 associates around the world. Like the river for which we are named, we remain “swift flowing.” During the last decade, our sales have quadrupled, and our earnings per share have grown sixfold. Danaher is intensely focused on goals and objectives: above-average growth with reduced cyclicality, top-quartile financial performance and superior shareholder value. Our shareholders have been rewarded as Danaher’s stock has appreciated over the past ten years at a 31% compounded annual growth rate.An investment of $100 in Danaher stock on December 31, 1987, with dividends reinvested, was worth $1,405 on December 31, 1997, as compared to $424 for a comparable investment in the S&P 500.
1997 Performance During 1997, Danaher’s sales grew to $2.05 billion, 13% above last year’s record performance. Comparable company sales increased 6% after a 1% negative currency effect, while acquisitions accounted for 7% of our sales growth. Gross margin improved 1% in 1997, following a 1.5% improvement last year, and allowed us to continue increasing investments in marketing and research and development while improving profitability. Both 1997 earnings and earnings per share for continuing operations were up 21% over our record performance in 1996. Operating cash flow increased $61.3 million to a record $278.4 million. Our debt to total capital at year-end was 18%, which provides flexibility to pursue strategic acquisitions while retaining financial strength.
Growth Danaher’s business segments,Tools and Components and Process/Environmental Controls, continue to grow faster than the industries in which we participate.We plan to keep exceeding industry growth rates in our existing businesses, to accelerate international growth and to expand through acquisitions. Our corporate plans, which are geared for sustainable competitive advantage, have evolved into four strategic platforms that offer higher growth opportunities: environmental products and services; power quality and reliability; instruments, sensors and controls; and hand tools and related products.
In addition, we will continue our focus on high-share global niche businesses. New products will remain a key factor in accelerating growth. In 1997, our sales outside the United States, including both exports and direct sales abroad, reached $487 million, 25% above the prior year, and now constitute 24% of total sales.
2

                                         Like the river for which we are named, the Danaher Corporation remains “swift flowing.”
  George M. Sherman
President and Chief Executive Officer
Acquisitions During 1997, three acquisitions were completed.These acquisitions added approximately $130 million in sales on an annualized basis to our strategic growth platforms.The hand tool companies which we acquired, with facilities in China and Taiwan, provide a manufacturing base from which we can accelerate our growth in select international markets. Current Technology brought new strength to our power quality and reliability platform, and Gems Sensors, a leading global manufacturer of level, flow and pressure sensors, fits well with our instruments, sensors and controls platform. All of these companies have high-growth profiles and complement our existing product lines.
In February 1998, we reached an agreement to acquire the Pacific Scientific Company, an international business that designs, manufactures and markets motion control, process control and safety equipment.This acquisition represents an attractive strategic opportunity for our Process/Environmental Controls Business Segment.
 3

                                         Danaher Business Segments
  1997 Sales
• Tools and Components 58% • Process/Environmental
Controls 42%
Tools and Components The Tools and Components Business Segment manufactures and distributes a broad range of hand tools, tool holders, storage containers, hard- ware, wheel service equipment, fasteners and components for consumer, industrial and professional markets. Products are sold through retail channels; independent mobile tool distributors; industrial, utility and agricultural distributors; and original equipment manufacturers.Typical hand tool customers range from do-it-yourselfers and professional/ industrial end-users to automotive mechanics. Component customers, generally OEMs, include portable drill and heavy-duty diesel engine manufacturers. Products from the Tools and Components Business Segment are marketed under well-recognized brand names, including AllenTM, Ammco®,Armstrong®, Coats®, Sears Craftsman®, Delta®, Holo-Krome®, Jacobs®, Jake Brake®, Joslyn, K-D®, Matco®, NAPA® andSATA.
1997 Operating Profit
• Tools and Components 51% • Process/Environmental
Controls 49%
Process/Environmental Controls The Process/ Environmental Controls Business Segment produces a broad range of monitoring, sensing, controlling, measuring, counting, electrical power quality and telecommunications products, systems, instruments and components. A major growth area and focus is environmental products.These products include underground petroleum storage tank inventory control and leak detection systems, plus water and air quality monitoring devices.The segment’s business lines include American Sigma, Anderson Instruments, Clark Controls, Communication Technology, Current Technology, Cyberex, Danaher Controls, Dolan-Jenner, EIT, Gems Sensors, Hengstler, A.L. Hyde, Jennings Technology, Joslyn Electronic Systems, Joslyn Hi-Voltage, Joslyn Sunbank, KACO, Kistler-Morse, McCrometer, M&M Precision Systems, Namco Controls, Partlow, Qualitrol,TxPort, Veeder-Root,WarrickandWest.
 5
