WE HAVE A
STRENGTHENED PRODUCT PORTFOLIO, BALANCE SHEET
AND ORGANIZATION TO GROW OUR
CORPORATION SUBSTANTIALLY OVER THE
COMING YEARS...
GEORGE M. SHERMAN
President and Chief Executive Officer
 2
 To Our
   
1999 PERFORMANCE
Danaher Corporation reports another record year in 1999. Our financial measures all reached new highs. During the year, Danaher’s sales grew to $3.2 billion, 5% above last year’s record performance, and our gross margin improved 0.7%, allowing us to increase investments in marketing, research and devel- opment, and e-commerce while continuing to improve operating profitability. Net earnings and earnings per share, before the inclusion of one-time costs associated with both the Fluke acquisition in 1998 and the Hach acquisition in 1999, were up 23% and 22%, respec- tively, over the record performance achieved in 1998. For the eighth consecutive year, Danaher reported record cash flow, with free cash flow exceeding net earnings. In 1999, operating cash flow increased
$66 million to a record $419 million. Like a number of industrial companies, this past year resulted in a decline in Danaher’s share price, despite record performance. The compounded annual growth rate for our share price with dividends over the past ten years is 29%, and it is our belief that excellent perfor- mance will correlate directly with superior shareholder value in the future.
GROWTH During 1999, our Tools and Components Business Segment experienced a 1% price decrease but still grew 4%, a rate higher than the industry’s average. In our Process/Environmental Controls Business Segment, sales increased 6% from 1998 levels after being tempered by the expected downturn in demand experienced in one of our businesses caused by EPA
regulatory-driven changes. Core volume grew 3.5%, with an acquisition growth of 4% and price and for- eign currency translation decreases totaling more than 1%. Our 1999 sales outside the U.S., including both exports and direct sales abroad, reached $953 million and now constitute 30% of sales.
We are focused on growth through share gains, international expansions, aggressive new product and service developments and e-commerce initiatives. The acquisitions completed during the past few years have a higher potential growth rate than the average of our previous core companies.
ACQUISITIONS During 1999, we completed two significant acquisitions: the Hach Company in July and Atlas Copco Controls in September. Hach, based in Loveland, Colorado, positions us as the clear leader in water quality analytical instrumentation on a world- wide basis. Atlas Copco Controls, headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, adds to our motion capability and provides a broader geographical base. Today, 40% of our motion business is outside the United States. While we were disappointed with the quantity of acquisitions we were able to complete in 1999, we were very pleased with the quality of the companies that were added. We have increased our resources in this area and expect to be better able to leverage our strong cash flow and low debt position into improved shareholder value.
Shareholders
3
  
FINANCIAL STRENGTH As a result of our continued strong cash flow generation, we ended 1999 with a net debt (debt less cash and equivalents) to total capital ratio in single digits. Clearly, this low ratio is not a goal in and of itself; however, it underscores our ability to fund core growth and to add significant, strategic acquisitions while maintaining a strong balance sheet.
ORGANIZATIONAL DEVELOPMENT In recognition of their contributions to Danaher and their future poten- tial, Patrick W. Allender, H. Lawrence Culp, Jr., and Steven E. Simms were promoted to executive vice presidents. Additionally, in December 1999, Brian M. McNeill joined Danaher as an executive vice president. Brian comes from Ingersoll Rand, where he had a 17-year career, rising to become a corporate officer and group executive responsible for more than $1 billion
of Ingersoll Rand’s business. Together, Pat, Larry, Steve, Brian and I manage Danaher’s strategy, performance and organizational evolution as members of the Office of the Chief Executive.
Further strengthening the organization, we have named three new group executives: William J. Butler, an internal promotion, and Elmar F. Illek and Thomas S. Gross, who joined us from outside the company. Uldis K. Sipols was hired by Danaher as a corporate officer and vice president for Corporate Procurement. Christopher C. McMahon was promoted to corporate vice president and controller.
Alan G. Spoon joined Danaher’s Board of Directors in March. As president of the Washington Post Company, Alan brings to Danaher an excellent background in business management and valuable experience in the world of e-commerce and communication.
RECOGNITION Outstanding people remain the essen- tial ingredients in our operating philosophy. This past year, we lost an individual who has been one of our most valuable associates, John P. Watson, vice president and group executive. Jack worked for Danaher for the past nine years, and, although he died in March 1999, this organization will benefit from his wisdom and guidance for years to come. We will miss his intellect, integrity and competitive spirit, but, most of all, we will miss a true friend.
OPERATING PHILOSOPHY Beyond outstanding people, the other two components in our operating philosophy include superior market- and customer- driven strategic plans and the management process we call the Danaher Business System (DBS). The power of this system was evident again this year as our gross margin continued to improve, allowing us the oppor- tunity to fund growth initiatives and improve our operating income. We continually self-diagnose and strengthen our DBS culture and system. Substantial gains will be reflected as we go forward, through better alignment of our resources and full integration of Six-Sigma tools under the Danaher Business System umbrella. We believe this gives us an advantage over comparable companies. Not only do we receive the long-term benefits of using advanced statistical tech- niques to improve quality and resultant costs, but, perhaps more importantly, we also integrate the Six-Sigma tools into our lean manufacturing capability. Consequently, we are able to advance quality and customer service and to achieve cost reductions much more rapidly through our continuous improvement process.
OUTLOOK As we begin the year 2000, the economies in the U.S., Europe and Asia are more favorable than they were a year ago. We anticipate stronger core growth in 2000, and Danaher is better positioned to pursue strategic acquisitions. Our cost reduction capa- bilities and our growth initiatives should insure another successful year ahead. Danaher’s business is a partner- ship, and we thank all our associates, customers and suppliers for working with us.
With another record year of sales and earnings behind us, we now look confidently toward the future. We have a strengthened product portfolio, balance sheet and organization to grow our corporation substantially over the coming years and to create increased value for our customers, associates, suppliers and shareholders.
George M. Sherman
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 23, 2000
 4
