18
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
Now 21 years young, Danaher has truly come of age, expanding into new and attractive global markets and executing better than ever for both our customers and our shareholders. Building on a strong 2004, we finished 2005 with the highest sales, earnings and cash flow in our history, reflecting solid core revenue growth and the benefit of acquisi- tions that have strengthened existing competitive positions and opened up exciting opportunities in medical technology. A decade of portfolio evolution and an outstanding organization of dedicated associates have resulted in a superior lineup of businesses and products, all of which continue to improve daily through the rigorous application of the Danaher Business System (DBS). We currently have a leading position in all of our major markets, with plenty of room to grow. We believe that continued innovation in technology and service will fuel top line growth through share gains and market expansion, and that earnings growth will follow.
Highlights
— Revenues increased 16% to $8.0 billion, including core revenue growth of 4.5%.
— Earnings per share grew 20% to $2.76, on top of a 36% increase a year ago.
— Operating cash flow increased 16.5% to a record $1.2 billion.
— Our free cash flow grew 18% to more than $1 billion in 2005, and exceeded net income for the 14th consecutive
year in a row.
— We continued to strengthen our portfolio, particularly in Medical Technology as Leica Microsystems brought us a
leading position in life sciences instrumentation to complement our existing leadership positions in critical care diagnostics and dentistry.
DBS is Danaher
That’s how some people think of Danaher — so pervasive is the day-to-day presence and long-term impact of the Danaher Business System. Other companies have systems too, but few other than Toyota have been at it as long as we have. Today, DBS is more than a management system or business model — it’s part of the mentality of virtually everyone in the company. And we want it that way, because it works so well.
Every year I use this letter to present some aspect of what makes DBS so special. You can see our focus on inno- vation in the front of this report. DBS is the turbocharger inside our innovation engine. Whatever the opportunity, whatever the market, DBS guides us and propels us to the right solution.
How do we do that? By taking a deep systematic view of what customers actually need and what we can do about it. In last year’s letter I talked about the “four P’s” of DBS: making the connection between people, plans, processes and performance to deliver measurable gains in Quality, Delivery or Service, Cost and Innovation (QDCI). These are just part of a whole DBS vocabulary of terms and tools that help us capture incremental value at each stage of everything we do.
People sometimes think innovation depends on inspiration alone. DBS doesn’t discount creativity — it sup- ports it with a comprehensive framework that starts with the Voice of the Customer and carries all the way through

product development and marketing. How well it works can be seen in our success at Fluke Biomedical where we rapidly enhanced our competitive position in the medical quality assurance market by listening to the customer. This feedback allowed Fluke Biomedical to expand into the ultrasound quality assurance segment by targeting the needs of the biomedical engineer and has helped deliver double digit annual growth in the biomed- ical market over the last three years.
Investing in Innovation
Our investments are increasing, with over $350 million invested in research and development in 2005. These and prior year investments have accelerated our new product development successes across the company. As a result, almost 25% of our 2005 revenues were derived from new products introduced over the last three years. We’re particularly proud of what we call our Growth Breakthrough investments, which fund projects of varying sizes but all with outstanding revenue potential. In 2004 we had 32 such projects, representing a combined revenue potential of $1 billion over a three to five year period. At the end of 2005 we had 38 projects, and the $1 billion had grown to $1.2 billion.
We’re also getting more value from our other investments, as we continue to become more global in our thinking and our resource allocation. More than 47% of our revenues came from outside the United States this year, compared to 27% in 1996. Our acquisitions made news in Europe in 2005, but we’ve been busy everywhere. In China our revenues were up by more than 20%, and in India we now have more than 300 development engineers supporting our Global Product Development initiatives. Our manufacturing footprint and supply base have mirrored this geographic shift, placing us at the heart of the action in the world’s fastest-growing economies.
Outlook
Powerful macro trends of globalization, personalization and environmental concerns are creating exciting opportunities for Danaher. Our strong businesses, disciplined approach and excellent customer relationships continue to provide a solid foundation for growth. Building on this, our 2005 acquisitions further enhance our competitiveness. We are in the markets we want to be, with leading positions supporting significant organic growth opportunities. At the same time, we continue to generate robust cash flow, which gives us the resources to seize new opportunities when we find them. Our innovation engine is in high gear, not only in research and development labs around the world but also through the efforts of our 40,000 Danaher associates. I am deeply grateful for the hard work, professionalism and enthusiasm they bring to this company — and our customers — every day. With a team like ours, no wonder Forbes called Danaher one of the “Best Managed Companies of 2005.” We’ve come a long way together — but our future is what most excites this team.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2006
19
  