LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Michael Eisner, chairman and CEO of The Walt Disney Company, joins Mickey at Walt Disney World for the famous mouse’s 75th anniversary celebration on Nov. 18, 2003.
To Fellow Owners and Cast Members:
I’ve always believed that good news shouldn’t wait, so this year I thought I’d start right off with a review of the numbers. In 2003, we experienced solid earnings growth despite the difficult economic and geopolitical environment that prevailed during most of the year. Most significantly, our fourth quarter was very strong, with more than double the earnings of Q4 in 2002, underscoring our confidence in generating growth in the new year. Equally important, we delivered free cash flow for the year that was up more than 50 percent over last year and continued to bolster our balance sheet. During fiscal 2003, our stock price appreciated 36 percent, compared to the S&P 500’s growth of 25 percent. These positive results are an outgrowth of the strategy outlined in my letter one year ago, a straightforward strategy with two broad, underlying components of (1) building and protecting our key brands and (2) creating long-term entertainment franchises. As we forge ahead, let me make clear that, while this year’s results were encouraging, we still have much to accomplish. Our goal is to generate strong growth and to reach new levels of achievement.
And the way we’re going to achieve those new heights was dramati- cally (and metaphorically) exhibited on October 9 at Epcot, where we opened Mission: SPACE. This new attraction takes guests on a realis- tic flight to Mars and demonstrates the qualities that make your com- pany’s products so appealing. First of all, it’s totally unique. Where else can you experience the effect of rocket-powered lift-off, weight- lessness in space and landing on the Red Planet? It’s so realistic that the NASA astronauts at the dedication told me it’s the closest thing they’ve seen to the experience of blasting off from Cape Canaveral. Secondly, unlike ordinary amusement park thrill rides, this one tells a compelling story. Everything we do at Disney is based on storytelling and, throughout our history, the best of the stories we tell are embraced by people around the world. Third, Mission: SPACE uses cutting edge technology. Throughout Disney’s history, we have always pushed the envelope of innovation in order to tell our stories in exciting new ways. Fourth, the attraction is an important example of how we have continued to build for the future throughout the economic downturn. While the total capital expenditure at our parks has been managed downward and will continue to be, we are still making targeted investments in order to provide outstanding new entertainment experiences at our parks and across the company. Because we have both enhanced our product and also increased operational efficiencies throughout the economic downturn, we believe that we are well poised for further improvement in performance as the general economy recovers.
That said, please remember that we are in the entertainment business. We produce entertainment experiences that, over time, become more and more valuable. Consider just one of our com- pany’s products – a theme park ride called Pirates of the Caribbean. Back in 1967 when the ride opened, it represented a “capital cost” that was rather expensive, to be sure. But it also was an instantly successful addition to Disneyland. It much more than recouped its investment and is still one our most popular attrac- tions. It went on to be duplicated and enhanced at our parks in Florida, Tokyo and Paris. Then, in 2003, the attraction made a leap across entertainment media, from theme parks to movies, and became the biggest live action hit of the year. We analyze and pro- ceed with our investments based on their estimated direct returns.
  Legendary Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin takes the controls aboard the thrilling new Epcot attraction, Mission: SPACE, at Walt Disney World.
 2

 Back row, left to right: David K. Thompson, senior vice president, deputy general counsel-corporate and corporate secretary – John Renfro, senior vice president, chief human resources officer – Anne Buettner, senior vice president, corporate taxes – Peter Murphy, senior executive vice president and chief strategic officer – Tom Staggs, senior executive vice president and chief financial officer – Jack Garand, executive vice president, planning and control – Preston R. Padden, executive vice president, worldwide government relations – Wendy Markus Webb, senior vice president, investor relations and shareholder services. Front row, left to right: Marsha Reed, vice president, governance administration and assistant secretary – Alan N. Braverman, senior executive vice president and general counsel – Zenia Mucha, senior vice president, corporate communications – Bob Iger, president and chief operating officer – Christine McCarthy, senior vice president and treasurer – Salil Mehta, executive vice president, corporate business development and strategic planning –
Valerie Cohen, senior vice president, alliance management, corporate alliances – Jody Dreyer, senior vice president, Disney Worldwide Outreach.
 But this is show business, and it is often daunting to contemplate the ultimate upside that could result from many of our investments. All we know is that if we do our job well, growth will come from both obvious and surprising places.
Of course, it was The Walt Disney Studios that had the bright idea
of transforming Pirates the attraction into Pirates the movie. The studio had a lot of bright ideas in 2003, resulting in the most success- ful year in live action film in its history, both in terms of total box office and, more important, the profitability of its live action slate. And, the quality of the studio’s output was evidenced by Miramax’s Chicago winning the Academy Award® for Best Picture. During the calendar year, The Walt Disney Studios became the first in history to achieve more than $3 billion in worldwide box office. This tremen- dous success was the outgrowth of a conscious shift in strategy to rigorously make the right movie for the right price. In 2003, the
studio demonstrated that it is possible in the moviemaking world to be fiscally prudent and still pull in crowds. Best of all, many of our hit films during the year form the basis for potential franchises,
such as Bringing Down the House and Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, both of which already have sequels in development. Another benefit of Pirates was its chicken-and-egg relationship with the Disney brand. The film benefited from being released under the Walt Disney Pictures banner, but Walt Disney Pictures also benefited from this blockbuster, which broadened its audience and increased its relevance. A striking example of the synergy between the movie and the brand could be seen at the premiere, which was staged on the banks of the Rivers of America at Disneyland, with entertainment provided from the deck of the theme park’s pirate ship.
      Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom, stars of Walt Disney Pictures’ swashbuckling adventure Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, were on hand for the film’s gala premiere, which took place along the Rivers of America at Disneyland park in Anaheim.
 
Disney/Pixar’s Finding Nemo swept audiences into a “tubular” current of excitement as it swam away with the year’s top worldwide box office and domes- tic home entertainment honors.
   A big part of Walt Disney Pictures’ identity is based on our
animated releases, which, in 2003, proved to be as strong as ever. Disney/Pixar’s Finding Nemo, released during the summer, became the number one film of the year. For the holidays, Brother Bear
was another success, demonstrating once again the enduring appeal of Disney animation. Earlier in the year, our DisneyToon Studios released two highly successful films made for modest budgets, The Jungle Book 2 and Piglet’s Big Movie, franchise movies with a very low-risk, high-return investment profile. Next year, we offer a similar mix of animated films, including Home on the Range and the sixth movie from Pixar, The Incredibles. Further down the road, in summer of 2005, will be Disney’s 100 percent computer-generated animated film, Chicken Little. No matter what the technology, Disney’s anima- tion legacy will continue to dazzle.
Another important development during the year was that DVD player penetration reached more than 50 percent of homes in the United States. This had enormous implications for our company. Consider that, at the end of the year, The Lion King re-release sold more than 13 million units, followed by Finding Nemo, which is on a trajectory to set all-time records, with 20 million units sold in just the first two weeks. In December, we released Pirates of the Caribbean on DVD, which was another huge seller.
One of the advantages of The Walt Disney Studios relative to our other businesses is that it is more insulated from general economic conditions. The price of a movie ticket or DVD is low enough that great films tend to do well in good times and bad. By comparison, our parks are much more sensitive to general trends in the economy and tourism. Not surprisingly, after a series of great years through most of the ‘90s and into 2000, attendance at our parks has dipped the past few years as the economy slowed and the number of overseas tourists visiting America declined significantly. Toward the end of fiscal 2003, as the economy showed signs of improvement, we saw encouraging trends in attendance, trends that appear to be continuing into the first weeks of the new fiscal year. If this continues, then it will have impor- tant long-term consequences, since a very high percentage of every incremental dollar generated at our parks goes to the bottom line.
Walt Disney Parks and Resorts has managed through the downturn primarily in two ways. First, we have made better use of existing assets by instituting efficiency measures and by innovative promo- tions, such as Walt Disney World’s Play Four Days and Magical Gatherings programs. Second, we have kept enhancing and expanding
the product with exciting new attractions, such as Mission: SPACE and Mickey’s PhilharMagic at Walt Disney World and Disney’s Aladdin – A Musical Spectacular, a bug’s land, The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh and the-soon-to-open The Twilight ZoneTM Tower of Terror at the Disneyland Resort. In addition, we continue to open new resort facilities, such as the Pop Century Resort at Walt Disney World, which makes it easier for families on all budgets to enjoy the full Disney experience of staying “on property.”
We are also building for tomorrow on the other side of the Pacific Ocean, as work progresses on schedule for Hong Kong Disneyland. The park is now starting to take shape as the infrastructure is being constructed at its magnificent site on Lantau Island and, when com- pleted, will provide us with an important presence in the world’s most populous nation. Even with all of these additions to our Parks and Resorts inventory, in 2003 we were able to reduce our capital expen- diture from the annual levels of the previous five years. This will con- tinue to be the case going forward, which should result in increased free cash flow.
   Magical Gatherings helps groups of all sizes enjoy the magic and excitement of a
vacation like no other at Walt Disney World, the world’s most popular vacation 4 destination.

A young fan admires the 75 larger-than-life statues of Mickey Mouse that were unveiled at Walt Disney World’s Magic Kingdom in honor of Mickey’s 75th anniversary.
 You should also know that we have a very big birthday party coming up. The park that started it all – Disneyland – will be 50 years young on July 17, 2005. So, in the spring of 2005, we will begin an 18-month cel- ebration, which will be observed not just in Anaheim, but in all of our parks. I’ll be talking a lot about this in next year’s letter, but I thought I’d tell you now so you could mark the date on your calendars!
Our Media Networks include an extraordinarily diverse range of broad- cast, cable and radio assets. The best known, of course, is the ABC Television Network. Like the proverbial battleship that can’t turn on a dime, the network is slowly but surely dealing with its financial and ratings performance issues. In 2003, we stabilized its primetime ratings and established a solid foundation for future growth, while at the same time significantly reducing the network’s cost structure. The combina- tion of improved ratings and reduced costs could have important impli- cations for the entire company’s bottom line. The year was also noteworthy for ABC News’ extraordinary, comprehensive and heroic coverage of developments in Iraq, as journalists and their support teams put themselves in harm’s way so that we could be informed as America went to war. This fall, we broadcast 10 primetime comedies, more than any other network. All of them did well enough to merit renewals for the entire season. Our strategic emphasis on comedy is driven by the fact that successful comedies endure over time and can pay dividends for years, since they are particularly well-suited for the off-network syn- dication market. ABC aired and Touchstone Television produced suc- cessful shows like My Wife and Kids, According to Jim and several of our newer comedies. Furthermore, this strategy plays to ABC’s historic strengths, since the network was known for its strong comedy line-up throughout its years as the number one network. And speaking of ABC’s roots, earlier this year, The Wonderful World of Disney, which began on ABC in 1954 with the name Disneyland, was inducted into the National Association of Broadcasting’s Hall of Fame. I was able to accept the honor on behalf of the company, and it was a nice reminder that the intermingling of Disney and ABC goes back far beyond the 1996 acquisition.
Our collection of cable assets is unmatched, starting, of course, with ESPN, which is another of our phenomenal brands and will be cele- brating its 25th anniversary on September 7. ESPN continues
to be a strong growth story. The network’s overall ratings were up 13 percent in 2003 and ESPN and ESPN2 had their highest viewership
 Located on picturesque Lantau Island, Hong Kong Disneyland will kick-off the next 50 years of Disney theme park
magic when it opens in 2005-06
                      5
 
 ever in October, up an incredible 39 percent for ESPN in primetime over October 2002, making it number one among all basic cable networks during the month. In an era when other networks are los- ing young male audiences, ESPN is embraced by this key demo- graphic. During the year, ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC Sports together delivered more than 50 percent of total gross ratings points for nationally televised sports programming. Independent surveys of cable operators cite ESPN as number one in importance to cable systems in terms of driving subscriptions, retention and local ad revenue. In a survey of subscribers released toward the end of
the year, ESPN was selected the favorite network among cable viewers. And the ESPN growth story continues. In January, we launch ESPN Deportes for the Spanish-speaking audience, and earlier in 2003 inaugurated ESPN HD for people who like their sports in pristine High Definition Television. So far, not many people have such TVs. Now that ESPN is offering HD telecasts, industry analysts predict it will accelerate the adoption of High Definition sets, in much the same way that The Wonderful World of Color (which was the name of The Wonderful World of Disney back in the ‘60s) motivated more people to buy color TVs, which resulted in prices coming down, and more people owning color TVs. Another ESPN technological advancement, developed by ESPN.com in association with our Walt Disney Internet Group, is ESPN Motion, which allows people who log on to ESPN.com to view TV-quality clips without waiting for the normal download time. ESPN Motion isn’t just great for viewers, but for advertisers as well, since they can finally embed TV-style ads into Internet entertainment. ESPN is also developing an appealing line of consumer products for its fans in addition to publishing the successful and growing ESPN The Magazine.
Another cable “star” is Disney Channel. This year, the channel cele- brated its 20th anniversary, and it did so in a most appropriate way – by having its best year ever. Its ratings were up by 47 percent among kids 6-11, raising the channel to number one among all basic cable networks with kids 6-14. It’s close to impossible to calculate the true value of the Disney Channel. It is highly profitable in its own right, while it also represents something of a goodwill ambassador of the Disney brand, coming into the homes of millions of fans every day. And, with its creative and appealing line-up of original programming, it strengthens and reinforces Disney among the so-called “tweens” – kids from ages 9-14.
Disney Channel is yet another franchise factory for our company, thanks to popular shows like That’s So Raven, Kim Possible, Lizzie McGuire and Stanley. To further advance the creation of valuable franchises like these, this year we restructured our animation unit so that Walt Disney Television Animation reports directly to Disney Channel. This gets the creators and the distributors to work closely together to better serve their audience. In November, we launched an international Disney Channel in Japan, which is one of the most enthusiastic nations in the world for all things Disney, so we are quite confident that this newest Disney Channel will be yet another success- ful one. We expect to add still more Disney Channels in other large Asian and European markets in the years ahead.
Our other cable assets include Toon Disney, whose distribution grew by 19 percent in 2003, SOAPnet, which increased its primetime rat- ings among women 18-49 by 25 percent, and ABC Family, which was recently integrated into our cable organization so that all of our cable holdings can work more effectively together. In addition, we have equity holdings in some of cable’s other premiere services – A&E, The History Channel, Biography, Lifetime and E!
  Co-hosts Joy Behar, Meredith Vieira and Star Jones of ABC’s The View lead their audience in paying tribute to Mickey on his 75th.
Since its debut in 1979 as ESPN’s very first show, SportsCenter, hosted by Kevin Frazier and Scott Van Pelt, is the sports news show of record.
 6

  Hundreds of Disney employees gathered at the Disney Studio Lot in Burbank, California to cheer and serenade Mickey with a lively round of “The Mickey Mouse March” on November 18.
Two other important Media Networks assets are ABC’s owned stations and our radio group. ABC’s 10 owned stations are located in almost every major metropolitan area within the United States, with seven of them being number one in their markets. On radio, we have 72 owned and operated stations and an incredible 4,800 affiliated stations, includ- ing ESPN Radio, which is the largest sports radio network. But my favorite radio asset continues to be Radio Disney, which weekly reaches nearly three million children and one and a half million mothers in markets covering more than 60 percent of the country.
Plus, as with Disney Channel, Radio Disney has gone worldwide, with stations in Japan, the United Kingdom, Argentina and Paraguay, and discussions underway to expand further, providing yet more evidence of the international growth potential of the Disney brand.
Disney Consumer Products, like Parks and Resorts, has had to weather the rough economy,
which affected the entire field of retail. There are encouraging trends throughout this unit, thanks in large measure to initiatives Consumer Products has taken. First, they have reduced the number of licensees by one-third, which allows us to be more active and focused in the creation and distribution of Disney products. They have also fostered direct-to-retail relationships with more than 20 of the leading retailers in the world. This, too, keeps us creatively involved in the develop- ment and presentation of the products that bear the Disney name. These products fall into two broad categories of core franchises and new franchises. The core franchises include Mickey, Pooh, and the Princess line of merchandise, which has grown from $100 million in worldwide sales in 2000 to $1.3 billion in 2003. The new franchises include best-selling book series, such as W.i.t.c.h., Artemis Fowl and
The Cheetah Girls (which has also been turned into a successful Disney Channel movie) and our Baby Einstein line of mer-
chandise. All of these initiatives are progressing well. One that has needed to be modified is the Disney Stores. In part
because of the shifting retail environment, in 2002 we sold our Japanese stores to Oriental Land Company, the owner and
 7
From theme parks to movies, another generation of Mouseketeers enjoy magical experiences that only Disney
can create.
 
 Already earning positive remarks from consumers, MovieBeam is transforming the home entertainment viewing experience with 100 movies available at any time and 10 new movies automat- ically delivered to the receiver each week, meaning no more trips to the video store and no more rental late fees.
 operator of the Tokyo Disney Resort, and have recently decided to explore the sale of the North American and European stores. We hope to conclude this process in 2004.
As we look to the future, we expect the ongoing digital transformation of the entertainment industry to provide significant drivers of growth for the company. New digital technologies present an enormous opportunity for Disney, so much so that we have informally dubbed this Disney’s Digital Decade (I guess now it’s been formally dubbed). Digital technology offers important advantages on two fronts –
to distribute content more efficiently and effectively, and to create more compelling content.
on analog VHS tapes. The sharper image, the ability to skip directly to specific scenes, the interactive “extras,” the option of viewing a film with the filmmakers’ commentary ... these are all exciting improvements to the entertainment experience and they are all thanks to the abilities inherent in digital delivery.
In the fall, we launched a new movies-on-demand service called MovieBeam in three cities. The service always offers 100 movies on demand with 10 new movies updated weekly. MovieBeam uses part of the broadcast spectrum to deliver movies to a small receiver on the customer’s television. Rather than driving to the video store, MovieBeam customers have 100 digital quality movies-on-demand at their fingertips, creating something of a video store-in-a-box. The
 With regard to distribution, digital is creating new ways to deliver our products to our customers. I’ve already mentioned the impact DVD is having. One reason this format is booming is because it allows us to enhance our films in ways that were never possible
initial results in these three cities are very promising. This is part of our ongoing drive to take advantage
of the remarkable possibilities of mobile wireless technologies.
8
 For the first time, Disney characters including Mickey and his friends will be featured on United States Postal Service stamps, with the first of three four-stamp sets to be issued in June 2004.
 
 Many wireless systems in Japan and Europe are technologically ahead of those in the United States, making it possible for cell phone users to easily subscribe to Disney ring tones, images and games on their cell phones. We have all seen cell phones evolve from mere portable telephones to sophisticated communications devices with screens ... and screens are something Disney fills, whether in theaters, on TVs, computers or, now, on wireless units. Other digital distribution initiatives include High Definition Television, which I’ve already mentioned, and ultra-High Definition digital projection of motion pictures in theaters. In mentioning these initiatives, it is important to note that not every one will be a winner; however, the ones that are should put us ahead of the curve and underpin meaning- ful growth.
As for creating more compelling content, the examples abound. The computer-generated imagery of Finding Nemo, the space flight simu- lation of Mission: SPACE, the 3-D wizardry of Mickey’s PhilharMagic, the worldwide interactivity of Toontown Online, the walking dinosaur Lucky, and the ability of a plush Mickey Mouse called Pal Mickey to serve as a tour guide for guests at our parks at Walt Disney World demonstrate the range of possibilities. Just as no one envisioned the ubiquitous nature of computers a few years ago, it is impossible to foresee all the possibilities of the Digital Decade, but they are coming and Disney will be there.
At the same time that our future lies in once unimaginable technology, it also can be found in the familiar. And there is nothing more famil- iar, in our company and around the world, than the friendly mouse on
the cover of this report. The cover was something of an anniversary present for Mickey, since we just celebrated his 75th year with the company. It was on Nov. 18, 1928 that he made his historic debut in Steamboat Willie. Since then, he has had arguably the most consistent career in Hollywood. Whereas most performers experience career ups and downs, Mickey has been a beloved international star
without a dip.
To pay homage to the “leader of the club,” we have put together a wide-ranging celebration that was kicked off on November 18 at Walt Disney World, where we unveiled 75 remarkable statues of Mickey. Each one was designed by or for a different celebrity or Disney leg- end, such as Tom Hanks, Elton John, John Travolta, Jamie Lee Curtis and Annette Funicello. The statues will travel on a nationwide tour that ends at Disneyland. They will then be auctioned, with the pro- ceeds going to each celebrity’s favorite charity. Other highlights of the celebration include the Mickey’s PhilharMagic 3-D attraction at Walt Disney World; Mickey starring along with Goofy and Donald in the video premiere film, The Three Musketeers; a new Mickey Mouse comic book; Mickey and friends U.S. postage stamps; and Mickey and the gang appearing in computer-generated animation for the
first time in the video premiere, Mickey’s Twice Upon a Christmas.
In addition to the fact that Mickey deserves all this recognition, these creative tributes will also help to keep him contemporary and relevant for new generations of fans.
Ultimately, this is what Disney’s growth is all about – new genera- tions of fans. Whether it’s infants watching Baby Einstein videos, young girls playing with their Disney Princess dolls, “tweens” watch- ing the Disney Channel, teens seeing Pirates of the Caribbean for the fifth time, men managing their fantasy sports teams on ESPN.com or young families creating memories together at our parks, your com- pany keeps offering fresh, new entertainment that appeals to genera- tions of consumers around the world, while also maintaining and deepening our connection with long-time loyal supporters. This is how it has been since Mickey took the helm in 1928. This is how it will continue to be as he helps us steer into the next 75 years.
Thank you for being a part of this remarkable company,
Sincerely,
Michael D. Eisner Chairman and CEO December 12, 2003
       9
Mickey and his pals make their 3D debut in Mickey’s Twice Upon a Christmas, a computer-animated movie filled with warm and whimsical tales about the importance of opening your heart to the true spirit of Christmas.
 