 I’m writing this first letter to you during the holiday season,
a period of reflection, celebration and gratitude, and I cannot help but think how appropriate the timing is. I certainly have a lot to be thankful for since step-
ping into my new role a few
months ago. I’m both humbled and
grateful to be part of a company
that is so meaningful to so many.
Above all else, I am thankful for the
tremendous creativity, commit-
ment and hard work of the men
and women who make up The Walt
Disney Company, one of the most
loved and respected companies in
the world. In fiscal year 2005, the
Disney team reinforced its position
as an industry leader in quality,
creativity and innovation, while
generating double-digit earnings
growth for our shareholders.
This is noteworthy, because it
was also a year of transition.
After more than two decades
at the helm of this organization, Michael Eisner stepped down as chief executive officer on October 1. Under his leadership, The Walt Disney Company expanded from a movie studio and a small theme park business into a multinational entertainment enterprise, reaching hundreds of millions of people worldwide and providing them
with incredible entertainment
experiences, wonderful sports
television, and high quality news
and information. He left us a
strong platform on which to build
the next generation of Disney
success, and I am personally grateful for his wide-ranging contributions. I, along with the rest of the Company, also wish him well on his new adventures, which I am sure
will be successful, fulfilling and noteworthy.
Creativity continues to be the essence of Disney, even as our businesses expand across borders and media platforms. It is the foundation for almost everything we do, the source of our
strength and our success, and the fuel that will power us into the future. Fostering and encouraging that creativity – from movies to television, from animation to live-action, from theme
2
o the Shareholders and Cast Members of The Walt Disney Company
Robert A. Iger, president and chief executive officer, The Walt Disney Company.
parks to consumer products to our online business – is our top priority. As digital technology platforms proliferate, their ability to penetrate markets and attract consumers is reliant upon the kind of branded, in-demand, high quality, creative content for which Disney has always been known.
Since the Disney Brothers Studio first opened its doors as an anima- tion company 82 years ago, we’ve seen seismic shifts in the technol- ogy of entertainment – and we’ve been at the forefront of a few of these shifts ourselves. From silent movies to talking pictures to televi- sion to home video, Disney has grown as entertainment options have expanded. Now, innovations such as video-on-demand and high definition television – delivered to the home through broadcast, cable, and satellite – have created more demand for content. And, a new level of convenience is now revolutionizing consumer choices – thanks to the next generation of DVD, digital video recorders, online purchases on PCs, and iPods – that is creating equally revolutionary opportunities for our Company.
In order to thrive in this new era and to deliver long-term growth and increased shareholder value,
we have established three strategic priorities: creative innova- tion, global expansion, and application of technology.
The Walt Disney Company had a great year creatively in 2005. The ABC television network has raised the bar for quality televi- sion, delivering five of the Top10 series so far this season among Adults 18-49 – the age group for which advertisers pay a premium – including Lost, Grey’s Anatomy and the number one program in this demographic, Desperate Housewives.

 This April, the fearsome legend of the yeti comes to life when the thrilling new Expedition Everest attraction opens
at Disney’s Animal Kingdom at
Walt Disney World.
Our theme park operations marked Disneyland’s 50th anni- versary by introducing several fantastic new attractions that thrilled our Guests and helped make The Happiest Celebration on Earth truly memorable at our theme parks in the U.S.
and around the world. Our launch of Hong Kong Disneyland in September was a triumph of creativity – from the feng shui design of the park to the innovative new attractions unveiled there. Expedition Everest, an entirely new and thrilling enter- tainment experience, will open at Disney’s Animal Kingdom in spring 2006.
Disney’s highly acclaimed theatrical production of Mary Poppins has been playing to sell-out crowds in London, and Broadway is eagerly anticipating its arrival in 2006. And a new stage adap- tation of Tarzan®, with new music by Phil Collins, will swing onto the Great White Way this spring.
In November, we introduced our first fully computer-animated film, Chicken Little, which was enthusiastically embraced by millions of moviegoers around the world. And our animation team has an exciting slate of films underway that will continue Disney’s great tradition of storytelling in the computer ani- mated film format.
3

 In addition, The Walt Disney Studios, along with our partners at Walden Media, released The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe to an impressive worldwide opening week- end of more than $100 million at the box office. The tremendous results of this dazzling film enhanced Disney’s reputation as a leader in quality creative family entertainment and opened the door for future features based on the magical world created by C.S. Lewis. And coming in summer 2006 is the highly anticipated Cars, from the creative team at Pixar.
Disney creativity not only delights our audiences, it also allows us to establish franchises that generate ongoing returns by transcending any one business, as evidenced by the film pictured on the cover of this report – Pirates of the Caribbean 2: Dead Man’s Chest. Not only is Pirates expected to be one of this summer’s blockbusters, with a second sequel already in the works, it shows positive signs of being a true franchise property.
From Mickey Mouse to Winnie the Pooh, Disney’s Little Einsteins, the Disney Princesses and on to the infinity of Buzz Lightyear and beyond, we are committed to create characters and stories with staying power that lasts beyond a single movie or a TV show. These franchises provide the kind of dependable, long-term success that is invaluable in the often unpredictable entertainment industry.
Disney’s Chicken Little was a hit in theaters around the world.
Under our second strategic priority of global expansion, we are working to create and expand relationships with millions of new consumers around the world.
China has the world’s largest population and one of the fastest growing economies, which makes it an extremely attractive market for Disney. Disney’s animated characters are popular throughout the country; Mickey Mouse Magazine is the num- ber one children’s magazine in China. This past year marked a major milestone in our approach to China, with the successful grand opening of Hong Kong Disneyland.
This phenomenal new theme park introduces Disney to a broad new audience, in much the same way the original Disneyland introduced Americans to Disney products 50 years ago. Since the park began operations, it has welcomed more than a mil- lion Guests to the world of Mickey Mouse, Snow White, Mulan and other beloved Disney characters.
Left to right: A touch of gold was given to some classic Disneyland attractions in celebration of the park’s 50th anniversary; Dumbo the Flying Elephant and a giant teacup arrive in Washington, D.C. before going on display at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of American History; Teri Hatcher and James Denton from the hit ABC series Desperate Housewives celebrate Disneyland’s 50th by taking a spin in a golden teacup.
4

 The critically acclaimed The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe was a worldwide box office hit and is on track to become a sensational new franchise across the entire Company.
5

 Mickey Mouse Magazine is the number one children’s magazine in China.
Michael Eisner and Bob Iger presided over the Hong Kong Disneyland grand opening festivities on September 12, 2005 with Donald Tsang, Chief Executive of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and Zeng Qinghong, Vice President of the People’s Republic of China.
6
In addition to China, India also represents huge growth potential for us over the long term. In fiscal year 2005, we launched our 23rd international Disney Channel, as well as Toon Disney, in India, with its wealth of Disney content and charac- ters, helping to build the brand in this burgeoning market. And as we look for growth opportunities in other emerging markets, such as Russia, we are continuing to expand our businesses in established markets throughout Europe.
It is important to note that, while India, China and other markets around the world promise great opportunity, there are near-term challenges and limits on initial returns in these mar- kets. However, to achieve our goals over the long term, we are making important inroads and strategic investments today, to create growth opportunities for tomorrow.
Technology – and our ability to leverage it effectively – is the third critically important part of our long-term growth strategy. Video games, personal video players, broadband-based devices and other mobile content providers are having an increasing impact on our businesses. As technology rapidly evolves, a new genera- tion of consumers is quickly embracing all it has to offer, and Disney will be there to provide original and compelling content to meet this growing demand.
At Disney, we recognize that the development of new technology provides us with the opportunity – and the challenge – to make it possible for more people to enjoy our content in more ways, at more times and in more places than ever before. We have to be

 Through Disney’s groundbreaking partnership with Apple, select ABC and Disney Channel programs such as Lost are now available for purchase on Apple’s new video iPod.
willing to break with some traditional business models, in order to give consumers what they want – great entertainment at a fair price delivered in ways that are convenient and easy to access.
Our groundbreaking association with Apple to provide ABC and Disney Channel content on the Apple iPod demonstrates our commitment to reach and serve the consumer through the use of new technology. We saw this as a great opportunity to keep consumers connected with their favorite programs, such as Lost and Desperate Housewives. More than half of the one mil- lion videos sold in the first three weeks on iTunes were those shows, whose weekly television ratings held strong or actually improved.
As we navigate an increasingly complex environment, in which the first-mover advantage will be of more importance than ever, the Apple deal has served as a catalyst to help our team think increasingly outside the prevailing business models by taking intelligent risks to the benefit of our consumers as well as our shareholders.
We’re moving forward to embrace technology across all of our business units, including the recent launch of the Mobile ESPN phone and Disney Mobile, which is coming in 2006. One will keep sports fans in touch with the latest sports news and the other will be a safe, fun-to-use product for families. Thanks
to the strong affinity of consumers with the Disney brand, our consumer products operation is aggressively pursuing opportunities in the interactive video gaming arena,
From Buena Vista Games, Kingdom Hearts II, the much- anticipated video-game sequel -- developed and published by Square Enix -- will appear on PlayStation®2 in spring 2006.
Chicken Little was the first fea- ture film to be shown in Disney Digital 3-DTM, a truly immersive
technological innovation that adds a new dimension to the
movie-going experience.
7

 Mickey Mouse visits the set of SportsCenter during the popular ESPN the Weekend event at Walt Disney World in Florida.
switching from a licensing model to creating and marketing games ourselves, such as The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, which is experiencing very strong holiday sales after an initial shipment of two million units. We believe this new strategy can significantly increase our returns in this growing industry.
As technology expands the array of entertainment and con- sumption options, the value of familiar and trusted brands increases dramatically. Fortunately, we have some of the strongest brands in the entertainment industry, particularly Disney and ESPN. Millions of people look to the Disney brand for family entertainment, and sports fans know that ESPN is the ultimate destination for all things sports. Disney and ESPN have been able to reach beyond traditional entertainment plat- forms; for example, the number one children’s Web site is Disney.com and the number one sports site is ESPN.com.
This has been a year of milestones for all of us at Disney.
I am honored to step into the role of CEO, confident in our team and excited by the possibilities before us. We must continue to cultivate a culture of creativity, to move boldly and to take the intelligent risks necessary for innovation, growth and success in the future. A future that, as always, will be propelled by the power of Disney’s creative spirit.
Robert A. Iger
President and Chief Executive Officer, The Walt Disney Company December 14, 2005
 8
