 2
To the Shareholders and Cast Members of
The Walt Disney Company:
It has been a very long time since our country has faced
the kind of economic turmoil we are currently experiencing, and The Walt Disney Company, while strong, is certainly not immune to the difficult market conditions that exist today. With consumers spending more carefully and spending less, and advertisers doing the same, our media, consumer prod- ucts and theme park businesses all face significant
business challenges.
I am confident our brands, products and people will pass the test that lies before them, but our businesses are
all affected by an economic downdraft whose duration remains uncertain.
We will continue to focus on what creates the most value for our shareholders: delivering high-quality creative content and experiences; balancing respect for our legacy with the demand to be innovative; and maintaining the integrity of our people and products. As stewards of our great Company, we have reason to be optimistic. But we must also be realistic, and it is this blend of realism and optimism that is guiding us during this tumultuous time.
When signs of a weakening economy began to surface, our senior management team put in place measures to operate more efficiently and to invest even more prudently. We adopted marketing and pricing strategies designed
to keep our products as attractive as possible, while at the same time underlining our commitment to quality. In this tough climate, even the most forceful measures are unlikely to compensate for the loss of business.
Robert A. Iger
President and Chief Executive Officer The Walt Disney Company

 Wall•E was a global box office hit, charming audiences around the world.
3

 In fiscal 2008, despite an economy that weakened as the year progressed, we delivered strong creative and financial results, posting record revenue and earnings per share.
Highlighting our financial achievements, revenue hit an all-time high of $37.8 billion, a 7 percent increase over the previous year. Earnings per share, excluding certain items detailed in the footnote on page one, were $2.27, up 18 percent from the previous year.
As has been the case for many years, our financial success has been largely due to our creative achievements and in 2008, those achievements were numerous. I could mention many, but instead I’d like to highlight just three.
This past summer, Disney•Pixar once again enthralled audiences around the world with an original, unique and memorable film. Wall•E was a commercial, creative and technological success. Director and writer Andrew Stanton and his team created a film for the ages and for all ages, and we are extremely proud of their work.
As Americans turned out in record numbers to elect the 44th president of the United States, ABC News, led by anchors Charlie Gibson, Diane Sawyer and George Stephanopoulos, brought the right mixture of excellent reporting and thought- ful analysis to this memorable and historic election, capping months of insightful, interesting and energetic coverage of the American political process.
Combining breakthrough technology with the fun of an old-fashioned midway game, Toy Story Mania! is a new Guest favorite.
Thanks to our Imagineers, at our parks in California and Florida we opened Toy Story Mania!, an engaging attrac- tion that combines the wonder and lovability of the Toy Story characters with breakthrough technology. The result is yet another theme park experience that distinguishes our Company and causes people to say: “What will they think of next?” or, “Only Disney can do that.”
Beyond these individual achievements, we continued to create and support several key franchises. These are stories and characters that can be leveraged across many of our businesses, on many technological platforms, in many ter- ritories, and over long periods of time.
While we continue to break new creative ground, our sub- stantial investment in such great Disney franchises as Cars,
Toy Story, Princesses, Pirates, Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, High School Musical and Fairies continues to drive strong returns, differentiates us from our competitors and builds long-term shareholder value.
Not only do we possess a significant number of such fran- chises, but our ability to make the most of their success is unrivalled. This comes from a collection of great assets and a commitment to manage them as a whole that is worth far more than the sum of its parts. This defines Disney and, as we have been saying, creates the Disney Difference.
4

 High School Musical 3: Senior Year had the biggest opening weekend ever for a movie musical.
ABC’s Grey’s Anatomy continued to entertain viewers as one of TV’s top primetime shows.
5

 We are proud of our businesses, but we balance that pride with keen awareness of the challenges they face, whether secular
or cyclical. While we realize perfection is not something that can be delivered all of the time, we at least embrace the value of striving for perfection all of the time. This is true of all of
our businesses, whether it be ESPN, ABC, ABC Family, Disney Channel, our Disney Parks and Resorts, Consumer Products, Studio Entertainment or Interactive Media Group.
Strategically, we continue to adhere to priorities established a few years ago. A commitment to high-quality creative work,
a persistent focus on mastering new technology and selective investment in promising international markets are strategies that have worked for us, and we believe they will continue to position us well for the long term.
Moving forward, we will be taking a very pragmatic approach
to new investments across the Company, pressing ahead only
in those areas we believe offer the greatest opportunity for long- term growth and returns. We will continue to invest in our creative franchises and in developing our highly promising and fast growing video game business. We are also going ahead with the improvement and expansion of Disney's California Adventure at Disneyland Resort, new Disney Vacation Club properties includ- ing the Ko Olina project in Hawaii, and two new cruise ships that will be setting sail in 2011 and 2012.
Given the environment, we will likely see some interesting acqui- sition opportunities, and given the strength of our balance sheet, many could be enticing. Rest assured, though, no matter how inexpensive these opportunities may look, we will not relax our standards in terms of the quality of the assets we seek to pur- chase, their fit within our Company's businesses and core strategies, or their prospects for delivering strong returns.
We are committed to upholding the excellent reputation of the Disney name through continuous refinement and expansion
of our social responsibility efforts. Last year, we took several steps in this area that we believe will benefit our employees and Cast Members, our Guests and consumers, our sharehold- ers, our business partners and the communities in which we live and work.
We expanded globally our initiative to associate our brands and characters with healthier foods, bringing fresh Disney- branded fruits, vegetables and dairy products to families
in dozens of countries. We’ve completed our first Company- wide greenhouse gas inventory and set reduction targets for emissions in order to minimize the Company’s impact on the planet. And we celebrated the 25th anniversary of our Disney VoluntEARS program with employees contributing a record 495,000 hours on a wide range of projects benefiting children and caregivers around the world.
Kids of all ages met Tinker Bell and her friends in a new
movie, an attraction at the parks, and within a new virtual world.
6

 Disney•Pixar’s Up will take audiences on a journey to a lost world with the two least likely people on earth.
We will also soon be publishing our first comprehensive cor- porate responsibility report, which will provide greater detail and greater insight into how we approach crucial issues related to the environment, community, workplace, products and our responsibility to kids and families.
We are fortunate at Disney to have a very diverse board of directors, whose broad interests and experiences are help-
ing to guide the Company in this complex environment. I’m especially grateful to John E. Pepper, Jr., our non-executive Chairman of the Board, and the wisdom, integrity and generos- ity of spirit that he brings to our Company.
We are also fortunate to have a truly outstanding and commit- ted group of people working for this Company. I’m impressed and amazed on a daily basis by the passion they put into making sure our Guests and consumers not only have a special experi- ence, but are transported from their everyday lives to worlds that could only be created by Disney.
So, on behalf of our employees and Cast Members, I’d like to thank you personally for your continued support. It’s a real honor to uphold the Disney legacy and to continue to create memo- rable and magical experiences for kids of all ages. Together, we look forward to doing our very best for you every day, every- where and in every way.
 Robert A. Iger
P P r r e e s s i i d d e e n n t t a a n n d d C C h h i i e e f f E E x x e e c c u u t t i i v v e e O O f f fifi c c e e r r
T T h h e e W Wa a l l t t D D i i s s n n e e y y C C o o m m p p a a n n y y
7
