 Dear Shareholders,
A love of storytelling – to educate, to enlighten and to entertain – is as old as mankind itself. Along with
an innate sense of curiosity, it is one of the defining characteristics we share as human beings, across borders and languages around the globe. It also is at the core of Discovery Communications’ mission, and has been since the company’s inception.
As technology evolves and economies ebb and flow, our worldwide fascination with great stories remains as strong as ever, and Discovery’s underlying focus also remains the same: delivering long-term value by investing in high-quality content – with great stories and compelling characters that ignite curiosity and deliver the thrill of discovery – which can be leveraged around the globe and across a growing number of traditional and digital consumer platforms.
The success of this strategy was never more evident than in the record results Discovery delivered in 2012, driven in large part by market share gains in the U.S. and around the world, as we strengthened existing brands such as Animal Planet and Investigation Discovery, launched new brands such as Destination America, and extended strong brands globally such as Investigation Discovery in Latin America and Discovery Kids in Asia.
At the same time, the health of the company’s balance sheet and its continued financial and operational momentum enabled Discovery to make several strategic investments that we believe will create additional long-term value and further strengthen our growth profile, even as we continue to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program.
Overall, for the year, Discovery repurchased a total of $1.4 billion in stock, and, while our first priority remains investing in our core businesses and exploring external initiatives to drive sustained long-term growth, we anticipate that our continued strong free cash flow generation will enable the company to return similar amounts of capital to shareholders through buybacks in 2013.
THE WORLD’S #1 NONFICTION MEDIA COMPANY
  DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

   FAST N’ LOUD
DEADLIEST CATCH
   2012 ANNUAL REPORT
MOONSHINERS

 Continued Strong Operating Performance & Results
Discovery’s financial results in 2012 once again demonstrated the company’s sustained ability to deliver consistent revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth, while continuing to invest in networks and operations worldwide. On a reported basis for the full year, Discovery’s revenue increased 8% to $4.487 billion, primarily driven by 13% growth at International Networks and 5% growth at U.S. networks. Full-year adjusted OIBDA grew 9% to $2.095 billion, driven by an 8% increase at U.S. networks and a 12% increase at International Networks.
Content Investment Driving Audience Growth
Turning to our operating divisions, the company’s laser-focused strategy of investing in high-quality content for its global brands and networks, combined with the universal appeal of Discovery’s nonfiction genres, resulted in larger audiences this past year around the globe. This increased market share enabled the company to deliver consistently healthy advertising growth, while also further leveraging its valuable programming across emerging distribution platforms worldwide.
GOLD RUSH
At U.S. networks, high-performing new and returning series across the portfolio resulted in primetime viewership growth of 8% year-over-year in 2012, which built on 3% growth in 2011 and 7% growth in 2010. Full year advertising revenue at U.S. networks increased 9%, on top of 15% organic growth in 2011. Additionally, U.S. distribution revenue grew 4% in 2012 on top of a 12% increase in 2011, which was driven by expanded digital license agreements.
During the year, the company also renewed several affiliate deals with existing operators that secured higher rates across the portfolio, as well as additional distribution for a number of Discovery’s emerging networks.
The flagship Discovery Channel benefitted from a number of new and returning series in 2012, which have positioned the network with the strongest slate of series in its history. This success was broad based with returning hits such as Gold Rush and Moonshiners growing versus last season, while new series such as Fast N’ Loud, Jungle Gold and Amish Mafia emerged as breakout hits. In fact, Amish Mafia delivered the highest-rated premiere in Discovery Channel’s history, building on the huge audience generated with American Chopper Live.
Several of these series also helped Discovery Channel deliver its best fourth quarter ever with viewership up 14% versus a year ago, and the network is off to a great start in 2013, with viewership on the channel up over 20% in January. It was the best month in Discovery Channel’s history and, with more returning hits than ever before and a great slate of new series and specials, the network is extremely well positioned to take additional share in the year ahead.
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
SAY YES TO THE DRESS
LONG ISLAND MEDIUM
BREAKING AMISH
WHAT NOT TO WEAR

 Discovery’s female flagship brand, TLC, also delivered big audiences in 2012 with a number of new and returning hits, including Here Comes Honey Boo Boo, which captured the pop culture zeitgeist with its star becoming a household name. TLC finished the year with fourth quarter viewership up 13% led by returning favorites Long Island Medium and Sister Wives, both of which built their audiences from last season, and by new hit, Breaking Amish, which was TLC’s highest-rated new series ever. For 2013, TLC has 30 series returning to its schedule and, with a robust development pipeline, we expect to further build its audience and strengthen this global brand, which is now
the most widely distributed female-targeted lifestyle and entertainment brand in pay-TV, reaching
nearly 300 million households in over 150 markets outside of the U.S.
HERE COMES HONEY BOO BOO
CAKE BOSS
               DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

          WIVES WITH KNIVES
DEADLY AFFAIRS
                                  2012 ANNUAL REPORT

 Once again in 2012, viewership gains in the U.S. were led by Investigation Discovery (ID),
which recorded its best year ever and has now delivered 45 consecutive months of year-over-year primetime gains among its key demographic – the longest streak among any advertiser-supported cable network. ID also has the longest length of tune in all of television in both primetime and total day, and finished 2012 up over 20% in all of its key demographics.
This momentum at ID is poised to continue in 2013 with a great development slate, 35 returning series, increased distribution and viewership, and most importantly, still-discounted CPMs relative to its audience and reach.
DEADLY AFFAIRS
THE JUSTICE FILES
ON THE CASE WITH PAULA ZAHN
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

                                                                                                                         CHASING CLASSIC CARS
                                    PITBULLS & PAROLEES
CALL OF THE WILDMAN
RIVER MONSTERS
 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

 Animal Planet had its best year ever in 2012 with viewership up 17% versus 2011, led by the success of
River Monsters, Finding Bigfoot, Call of the Wildman and Tanked, all of which grew versus a season ago. Overall, Animal Planet was one of the fastest growing networks in all of cable in 2012 in terms of viewership and, with 15% more returning hours in 2013, we expect Animal Planet to continue growing its audience in the year ahead.
Led by series favorites An Idiot Abroad and Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman and special event Firefly 10th Anniversary Special: Browncoats Unite, Science Channel also marked its most-watched year in network history in 2012. This success was further bolstered by our newest brands with Velocity delivering significant double-digit growth for the year and Destination America up 30% versus 2011. Driven by the success of signature series like Untold Stories of the ER, Shocking Family Secrets and Secretly Pregnant, Discovery Fit & Health also recorded gains among households and female viewers in 2012, and Military Channel earned its best year ever and has now recorded 12 consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth.
The success of these emerging networks provides a great launching pad heading into 2013, especially when coupled with the significant momentum we currently have at our flagships, Discovery and TLC.
TANKED
            METEORITE MEN
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
OPRAH’S NEXT CHAPTER
WELCOME TO SWEETIE PIE’S

 Continued Momentum at Joint Ventures
Discovery also is enjoying meaningful momentum at its U.S. joint venture networks, with strengthened content pipelines driving viewership throughout last year. The Hub is now available in 72 million homes up from 56 million at launch. The network built its audience every quarter in 2012, including 14% gains in the fourth quarter among kids 2 to 11 in both total day and primetime, making The Hub the fastest-growing kids’ network on cable in 2012. With a great slate of both new and returning series set to debut, The Hub is poised to further build its audience in 2013.
At OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network, Oprah and her team continue to connect with more viewers each and every month. OWN has delivered 13 consecutive months of year-on-year ratings gains and generated 36% audience growth for the full year 2012. That success is poised to continue with more returning tent pole series and a slate of new
series scheduled for 2013, including two new series from award-winning actor, director, screenwriter, playwright and producer Tyler Perry, set to debut in May.
With OWN generating real audience growth, and with continued support from both advertisers and affiliate partners, OWN will achieve our stated goal of reaching cash flow break-even during the second half of 2013.
3net, Discovery’s 3D joint venture channel with Sony and IMAX also gained additional distribution in 2012 and continued to build its content library, which features the most extensive collection of original, native 3D entertainment programming in the world.
              STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE’S BERRY BITTY ADVENTURES
  DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

   2012 ANNUAL REPORT
BREAKING MAGIC
INSIDE THE GANGSTERS’ CODE
NY INK

 Expanding and Deepening International Footprint
Internationally, as well, Discovery has made targeted content investments to capitalize on its unparalleled distribution platform – one of the company’s key differentiators – which has increased the company’s share of the growing pay-TV universe and captured additional advertising dollars. Overall, in 2012, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, advertising revenue at international networks increased 18% and distribution revenue increased 15%.
For the year, viewership across Discovery’s international portfolio expanded by more than 25%, including double-digit increases across nearly every region, led by Italy and Spain in Western Europe, Mexico and Brazil in Latin America and Russia and South Africa in our CEEMEA region.
This viewership growth certainly benefitted from an expanding subscriber base, with overall subscribers growing 12% outside of the U.S. in 2012, but it also reflects the company’s ability to leverage the success of domestic programming, like Gold Rush on Discovery and Cake Boss on TLC, for its networks around the globe, as well as the compelling local content being developed by Discovery’s international production teams.
As Discovery invested in organic growth opportunities in 2012, it also identified several acquisitions and partnerships to create additional long-term value and further strengthen its growth profile. Targeted acquisitions like the popular cooking channel Fatafeat in the Middle East, and Switchover Media’s five channels in Italy, provide new opportunities for our pipeline
YOUR STYLE IN HIS HANDS
of global content.
On a larger scale, the acquisition of SBS Nordic networks from ProSiebenSat.1 Group, which is expected to close in
the first quarter of 2013, will expand Discovery’s portfolio and deepen its footprint across some of the most well-penetrated and stable cable TV markets in the world. SBS’s dual-revenue stream TV channels complement Discovery’s nonfiction networks in terms of genre appeal and demographic reach, and we believe the combination
of these businesses will strengthen the company’s relationships with advertising and affiliate partners.
We also announced a strategic partnership with TF1, which closed in December 2012, enabling Discovery to further diversify its network portfolio, including most notably a 20% interest in Eurosport Group and an enhanced presence in France, where Discovery has been traditionally underrepresented. The five separate Eurosport networks are in nearly 60 countries and reach 130 million subscribers, making it the most widely distributed sports network
group in Europe. Given Discovery’s strong expertise with local advertising sales, we anticipate driving value for both TF1 and Discovery. The transaction with TF1 includes an optional pathway for Discovery to fully acquire Eurosport Group in the next two years.
Together, these transactions further bolster Discovery’s long-term outlook by deepening its geographic footprint, broadening its portfolio with new brands and genres, and enhancing its creative pipeline with new talent, personalities and formats.
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
DISCOVER YOUR IMPACT DAY

 Supporting Education and Making a Difference
As always, in 2012, Discovery remained committed to its original mission of satisfying curiosity and making a difference through its Discovery Education division and its Discovery Impact programs, which leverage the power of the company’s brands, businesses and employees to give back in the communities where we live and work.
Revenue at Discovery Education increased 11% in 2012, versus the previous year, and adjusted OIBDA increased 8% in the same period. For the year, Discovery Education remained a global leader in standards-based digital media, professional development, assessment tools and a passionate educator network to support districts in accelerating student achievement. Discovery Education services like Discovery Education streaming, Discovery Education TechbookTM and Discovery Education Higher Ed, are now in more than half of all U.S. schools and 35 countries around the world.
Discovery’s Impact initiatives in 2012 included “Discover Your Impact Day,” an annual day of global volunteerism by Discovery’s workforce, as well pro bono programs offering creative services to nonprofit organizations and disaster-relief efforts to support those impacted by Superstorm Sandy.
During the year, Discovery also expanded its “Discover Your Skills” program, a multimedia public affairs campaign designed to provide unemployed and underemployed Americans with access to critical resources for obtaining marketable job skills and expertise. These efforts included on-air public service announcements from Discovery talent, online job skills resources at www.DiscoverYourSkills.com, and partnerships with local community colleges to provide career development panels, internship and other job skills and career development support for students.
INSPIRING CURIOSITY
   DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

 Positioned for Continued Growth and Success
In conclusion, 2012 was another strong year for Discovery, as we continued to deliver strong financial results, while also further executing operationally and strategically to better position the company for sustained long-term success.
In 2013, with continuing operating momentum across our domestic and international portfolio, and a current favorable operating environment, Discovery remains committed to capitalizing on growth opportunities to build additional shareholder value and creating great stories and content for our global audience.
Thank you for your continued support,
THE WORLD’S #1 NONFICTION MEDIA COMPANY
  DAVID ZASLAV
President and CEO
JOHN HENDRICKS
Founder and Chairman
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
