 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
Discovery launched in 1985 as a single channel with a singular mission: to tell stories that entertain, inspire and ignite curiosity. From that mission grew a purpose-driven company, which — 30 years later — is the leader in global entertainment, reaching 3 billion cumulative viewers around the world with the finest brands, programs and storytellers.
As we’ve grown, we’ve evolved. At a time when viewing habits are changing rapidly, we’re reaching record audiences in more countries, on more platforms and across more screens than ever before. Still, the heart of Discovery Communications is and always will be our content, powered by stories of the planet that we search out, capture and bring to the world.
Compelling, on-brand programming drove Discovery’s growth in 2015. In the U.S., Discovery Channel, Investigation Discovery, Velocity and OWN garnered record viewership, and propelled Discovery’s U.S. portfolio to more than 11% market share. This led to a strong year in distribution and advertising revenue in the U.S. Internationally, our female lifestyle brands drove 10% audience growth.
Reaching the 3 billion viewers mark worldwide in 2015 was both a historic milestone
and a bright signal that we continue our growth. Our global distribution platform paved the way for Discovery Channel to debut RACING EXTINCTION, a film spotlighting the plight
of endangered species, to the network’s global footprint of 500 million homes.
While staying focused on satisfying curiosity and entertaining viewers with high-quality content through our global brands, Discovery also focused on diversified genres in 2015, most notably a new European sports strategy with Eurosport and the international expansion of Discovery Kids. In addition to taking full ownership of Eurosport in 2015, Discovery and Eurosport acquired all European TV and multiplatform broadcast rights to the 2018-2024 Olympic Games. This game-changing deal strengthens our position as the leader in sports across the continent. In Latin America, our investment in kids’ content continued to drive growth where, for the sixth year in a row, Discovery Kids was the #1 pay-TV network in Brazil. Our genre expansion positions us to win in a multiplatform world with viewers, distributors and advertisers.
Proving the power of our brands, we executed strong renewals with distribution partners around the world in 2015. Among these successes were a favorable renewal with Comcast in the U.S., key deals and new partnerships in Norway, France, Singapore and Poland, and a new multiplatform deal with Verizon's Go90 and Hulu in the U.S.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 Discovery’s multiplatform strategy produced new offerings this year including the launch of Discovery GO, our first TV Everywhere platform in the U.S.; Discovery Kids Play, the company’s first TV Everywhere offering in Latin America; free-to-air channels in emerging markets such as Turkey and the Middle East; and the continued growth of the company’s direct-to-consumer business in Europe with Eurosport Player and Dplay.
Investing in strong, must-have IP remains an integral part of our future success and our evolution as a company. In 2015, we took a stake in Lionsgate Entertainment which, along with our ownership of production companies All3Media and Raw, will strengthen our global content pipeline. We also launched Discovery VR, our first virtual reality product, which continues our long-standing tradition of leveraging technology to innovate our storytelling.
While the world is changing, we are changing with it. Discovery’s unique model — an unmatched global distribution platform; world-class brands; and cost-effective IP in popular genres with universal appeal — sets us apart. This advantage propels our ability to create multiplatform connections with viewers, advertisers and affiliates and monetize our content as consumption grows across all screens.
Our content compelling and our brands never stronger, Discovery has entered 2016 with real business momentum. Looking ahead, we will drive shareholder value by creating content that attracts new audiences and fulfills our mission as a purpose-driven company. We remain committed to creating programs that unite, ignite and inspire our viewers ... and we will indeed go wherever the story takes us.
David M. Zaslav Robert J. Miron
Discovery Channel Telescope, Lowell Observatory
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
