 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
For Discovery Communications, 2011 represented another year of solid growth and progress in executing our strategy of investing ‘on the screen’ to strengthen the company’s content and brands, and bring the thrill of discovery to viewers around the world. This past year, Discovery once again delivered double-digit revenue and AOIBDA growth, marking the fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth since becoming a public company in 2008.
With a backdrop of global uncertainty, rapid technological change and increased competition, Discovery’s ability to grow consistently over that time period underscores the sturdiness of our business model, the power and universal appeal of our nonfiction content, and the opportunity present across the global distribution platform the company has built over the last 27 years.
While Discovery’s 2011 results did benefit from a continued strong global advertising market, they also, more importantly, reflected an ability to take advantage of favorable conditions and an industry-leading infrastructure through a continued focus on creating high-quality programming and leveraging it around the globe and across a growing number of digital and consumer platforms.
Additionally, this past year, organic growth, combined with a strong balance sheet and free cash flow, enabled the company to return nearly $1 billion of capital to shareholders. Going forward, we will continue to return capital to shareholders, but the priority remains reinvesting in our brands and businesses, and exploring opportunities that will allow us to further leverage our existing infrastructure or expand into complementary businesses.
THE WORLD’S #1 NONFICTION MEDIA COMPANY
     DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

    Dinosaur Revolution
DISCOVERY NETWORKS INTERNATIONAL
EXPANDING GLOBAL DEMAND FOR CONTENT
Overall, around the world, demand for high-quality content has never been higher and there has never been a better time to be in the content business. Consumers
in mature markets are watching more television than ever before, emerging markets are experiencing increasing growth in pay-TV penetration, and new technologies are opening up additional distribution channels for both new and library programming. This is particularly advantageous for Discovery, because of our unmatched global platforms that include 14 networks in the U.S. and between 2 and 13 channels in more than 200 countries around the world, and the fact that we own nearly all of our content.
In all, this past year, Discovery invested more than $850 million in new content, which propelled success around the world. At the company’s U.S. networks, this investment drove a delivery increase of 3% year-over-year among the key persons 25-54 demographic, while non-Discovery
cable was flat and broadcast networks were
down. Internationally, as well, viewership was up 14% in
2011 versus the previous year across all regions, led by fast-growing
markets including Brazil and Mexico
in Latin America, as well as historically
2011 ANNUAL REPORT

    under-penetrated markets such as Hungary and Russia in Central and Eastern Europe, and India in the Asia-Pacific region.
Beyond traditional pay-TV platforms, Discovery’s expanded deal with Netflix, which was announced in the third quarter of 2011, is a good example of the opportunities that new technologies and distributors are presenting. Through this deal, Discovery was able to generate significant value from library content, while retaining flexibility with regard to other distributors. Discovery has always been platform agnostic with regard to distributing our content and
we will continue to explore additional opportunities that provide good economics, flexibility in windowing our programming and a strong brand environment, and where the trust and loyalty we have established with our audience is maintained.
At the same time, we will be careful to ensure we receive an appropriate return
on our programming investment and protect the value that our content provides to existing partners and the integrity of our traditional distribution platforms, which remain the core of our business.
  DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 STRENGTHENING U.S. FLAGSHIP NETWORKS
Discovery Channel is the most widely distributed network in the world and the largest contributor of the company’s overall revenues and cash flow. More than 50% of the content on Discovery Channel in the U.S. is used in some capacity around the globe, which makes the continued strength and freshness of Discovery Channel’s domestic content pipeline a top priority.
Over the past few years, Discovery’s viewership has been primarily led by
tried and true hits Dirty Jobs, MythBusters, Man vs. Wild and Deadliest Catch. And, while the sustained success of these shows speaks to the durability of the network’s content, the company also has been focused on developing new tent-pole series to engage audiences and drive viewership growth.
In 2011, Discovery Channel added to its stable of hits with several returning series delivering significant ratings gains versus a year ago. These included Flying Wild Alaska, Sons of Guns and, most notably, Gold Rush, which saw viewership up 35% versus its first season and was the #1 show in all of television on Friday nights. Additionally,
we leveraged the larger audiences on these returning series to introduce several new series, including Moonshiners, which helped drive fourth quarter viewership
at Discovery Channel up 17%. With this momentum, combined with a bigger stable of returning hits, a strong slate of upcoming
      2011 ANNUAL REPORT

    new series and several blue-chip specials including Frozen Planet, the successor to Planet Earth, Discovery Channel is well positioned for continued success in 2012.
At our other fully distributed U.S. networks, TLC delivered another strong year in 2011, delivering its highest viewership among women 25-54 in seven years. The network also continued to successfully add to its roster of established hits like Cake Boss and Say Yes to the Dress, with the premiere of first-year series Long Island Medium, as well as returning series Sister Wives and Next Great Baker, each of which grew viewership significantly
in its second season.
Finally, Animal Planet also developed several new hits this past year to complement the continuing success of River Monsters, Whale Wars and Pit Boss. As a result, the network enters 2012 with a deeper stable than ever before, including Finding Bigfoot, which had the second-best season debut
in Animal Planet history.
Pit Boss
ANIMAL PLANET
  DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 BUILDING NEXT-GENERATION U.S. BRANDS
Investing in our emerging U.S.
networks and maximizing the value of these platforms also continued to be a priority in 2011. During the year, the company continued to invest in newer brands, as well as rebranding and launching additional networks to take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace.
By far the biggest success in this area continues to be Investigation Discovery, which was the fastest growing network in pay-TV in 2011 for the second consecutive year. Led by popular series such as On the Case with Paula Zahn, Stalked and Stolen Voices, Buried Secrets, ID’s viewership was up 40% in its key demographics in 2011 versus 2010, and it was also the #1 channel in all of television for the amount of time that viewers stay tuned in, making it an even more attractive platform for advertisers.
Discovery’s other homegrown emerging networks also had solid years in 2011. SCIENCE had its best year ever among all key demographics in both primetime and total day, with hits including Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman. The network has delivered 13 consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth in primetime among 25–54-year-old viewers. Similarly, Military Channel had its best year ever in primetime in 2011 among its
key demographics.
   2011 ANNUAL REPORT

    In 2011, we continued our strategy
of rebranding existing platforms to take advantage of ‘white space’ in the marketplace. In January, FitTV was rebranded as Discovery Fit & Health to leverage the popularity of the Discovery Health library and lead the health category. The network is up double-digits in all key demographic since the launch. And, in October, we successfully rebranded
HD Theater as Velocity, targeting the underserved affluent male demographic. Velocity delivered double-digit gains in all key demographics during its first full quarter in both primetime and total day versus the previous year.
Chasing Classic Cars
VELOCITY
                                                               DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 LEVERAGING U.S. JOINT VENTURE PARTNERSHIPS
At the company’s U.S. joint ventures, The Hub, a partnership with Hasbro, Inc., continued to grow. Since its launch in October 2010, 85% of kids 2-11 have sampled The Hub and the network has drawn over 19 million unique viewers. The network also has increased the number of advertisers by 20% and is
well positioned for continued growth.
In February 2011, we successfully debuted 3net, the first 24/7 general entertainment 3D network in the U.S., in partnership with Sony and IMAX. Since its launch, 3net has built the largest library
of original 3D television content in the world
and the experience Discovery and its partners
have gained in producing 3D content is unmatched and will
provide great value as 3D television penetration increases
and demand grows for 3D content from
distributors around the world.
Transformers Prime
            THE HUB
     2011 ANNUAL REPORT

 Twisted Whiskers
THE HUB
Of course, most prominently, in January 2011, we launched OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network. The network’s focus this past year was on establishing a foundation for Oprah’s arrival as full-time Chief Executive Officer and Chief Creative Officer following the conclusion of her syndicated show in May.
In addition, during the year, the network developed an array of new content and formats, and several successful series that will be returning in 2012, including Our America with Lisa Ling and Welcome to Sweetie Pie’s.
With Oprah now fully engaged and her creative leadership team in place, OWN is off to a solid start in 2012. Oprah’s new series, Oprah’s Next Chapter, debuted on January 1, 2012, and, throughout the year, Oprah will be featured in additional formats. Going forward, with sustained support from advertisers and affiliates, and multiple building blocks in place, we are excited to work with Oprah to grow this network.
                 DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 ACCELERATING INTERNATIONAL GROWTH
In addition to the momentum Discovery is generating across its U.S. portfolio, one of the key differentiators is the company’s international business, which provides inherent opportunities for growth due
to our extensive and established global infrastructure. In 2011, strong organic growth in pay-TV globally helped drive
affiliate revenue increases of 11% in local currency terms.
Moving forward, this growth is expected to continue, as pay-TV
penetration remains relatively low worldwide,
including less than 40% in fast-growing
markets across Latin America and Central
and Eastern Europe.
   Importantly,
pay-TV penetration not only represents an opportunity for increased affiliate revenue from a larger subscriber base, but also provides a more attractive platform for advertisers, and we have taken a number of steps to bolster our content and drive advertising growth.
this increased
                                                                                                     2011 ANNUAL REPORT

    A major priority in this area was the establishment of a second global flagship to complement Discovery Channel, which was accomplished in 2011 with the swift and effective rollout of TLC as a global female lifestyle brand. Over the course of the year, TLC’s international reach was expanded to nearly 120 million homes
in over 150 markets, and the response from advertisers and viewers alike has exceeded expectations.
In addition, 20 new international feeds were launched in 2011, including several free-to-air networks, to capitalize on Discovery’s market position and platform strength. Led by Real Time in Italy, which has become a top-10 network for women in under a year, free-to-air revenues increased over 65% last year on top of 60% growth
in 2010.
Together, these initiatives have already created significant value, contributing nearly half of Discovery’s 18% international advertising growth this past year. In total, international advertising revenue exceeded half a billion dollars in 2011 and the company will continue to be opportunistic in taking advantage of the opportunities presented by the unmatched platform we have
built in 2012.
                DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 EXPANDING LEADERSHIP IN BROADBAND EDUCATIONAL SERVICES
As always, Discovery Education remained core to the company’s mission in 2011, combining scientifically proven, standards-based digital media and a
dynamic user community to empower teachers to
improve student achievement.
In 2011, Discovery Education continued to be the #1 provider of broadband
educational media to U.S. K-12 schools, serving more than half of
the country’s schools and more than one million teachers with its flagship Discovery Education streaming product. Discovery Education also continued to expand its presence in the growing market for digital textbooks with the Discovery Education Techbook, which now has been adopted
in six states.
Additionally, in January 2012, Discovery expanded its Education business interna- tionally with the announcement of Scoala Discovery, an initiative designed to support scientific education in Romania by encouraging teachers and students to use new media resources in the classroom.
      2011 ANNUAL REPORT

 HONORING DISCOVERY’S COMMITMENT TO MAKING A DIFFERENCE
Finally, in 2011, Discovery remained committed to corporate social responsibility and its original mission of both satisfying curiosity and making a difference through its Discovery Impact initiatives, which leverage the power of the company’s brands, businesses and employees to
give back to the world that has given Discovery so much. These initiatives include ‘Discover Your Impact Day,’ an annual day of global volunteerism, as well pro bono programs on behalf of nonprofit organizations and disaster-relief initiatives, including a company-sponsored effort where 125 employees and on-air talent partnered with Habitat for Humanity
to rebuild tornado-destroyed homes
in Alabama.
In 2011, Discovery also launched ‘Discover Your Skills,’ a multimedia public affairs campaign designed to provide unemployed and underemployed Americans with access to critical resources for obtaining marketable job skills and expertise. This effort featured on-air public service announcements from Discovery talent, including Mike Rowe from Dirty Jobs on Discovery Channel, Buddy Valastro from Cake Boss on TLC and Lou Diamond Phillips from An Officer and a Movie on Military Channel, raising awareness of job opportunities in the skilled trades and directing viewers to a catalog of job skills resources at www.DiscoverYourSkills.com.
          DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS

 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

 WELL POSITIONED FOR
CONTINUED GROWTH AND SUCCESS
Overall, with the ongoing appetite for high-quality television in the U.S. and mature international markets, the continued strong growth of pay-TV in emerging international markets, and a proliferation of consumer viewing options driving increased programming demand on new platforms, there has never been a better time to be a content provider like Discovery.
In particular, with a strong corporate management team, exceptional creative leadership at the company’s domestic and international networks, and ownership of nearly all of our content, Discovery is very well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities today’s marketplace is presenting to further build on its strong performance in 2011 and continue to deliver value for shareholders in
the year ahead.
Thank you for your continued support,
John Hendricks David Zaslav
Founder and Chairman President and CEO
THE WORLD’S #1 NONFICTION MEDIA COMPANY
     DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
