April 7, 2006 To our Shareholders and Bondholders, We recently celebrated the 10th anniversary of DISH Network, and as we look back on those 10 years we should consider for a moment all that we have achieved during that time. We activated our first DISH Network customer in March 1996 and ended that year with about $200 million of revenue. During 2005, we produced over $8.4 billion of revenue, $1.5 billion of earnings, and grew to serve more than 12 million customers. Approximately one in every 10 American households now receives DISH Network service. I am pleased and very proud that our continued investment in the business over the past 10 years has produced these truly impressive results. Due to intense competition from cable along with other factors, our stock price has remained relatively static over the past several years, even as we repurchased approximately 12 million additional shares of EchoStar stock during 2005. Nevertheless, we continue to enhance the inherent value of our Company as we add new subscribers. I am pleased we were able to increase our net subscriber base by over 1.1 million customers during 2005. We remain the clear leader in international programming, and we are well positioned as the low-cost provider in the pay-TV industry. We now lease rather than sell most of our set top boxes, which allows us to partially offset new subscriber acquisition costs since we can re-deploy equipment when customers disconnect. As others focus heavily on high-end ­ and increasingly expensive ­ services, we continue to explore growth opportunities with attractive margins in the lower end of the market as well. Our recently introduced prepay program, and our $19.99 DishFAMILY package, are good examples. Technological advances will continue to create increased opportunity as well as increased competition. Satellite has historically been the most cost-efficient point to multipoint video distribution system. I believe this advantage can become more pronounced as the market evolves toward more high definition content. Today, we are a leader in HD content, offering 25 nationwide HD channels ­ more than any of our major competitors. With the commercial operation of EchoStar X expected to commence soon, we will be able to offer local HD channels in up to 30 markets, reaching almost 50 percent of all U.S. TV households by year end. Combined with leading-edge high definition DVR receivers and other strategies, I am optimistic we can continue as an HD leader. We also solidified our position as the largest U.S. provider of interactive TV programs and the world leader in the number of ITV-enabled homes. Among other things, our DishHOME format provides consumers the ability to watch six core TV channels simultaneously, and use an interactive menu at the same time. Finally, we will continue to evaluate additional ways to further grow our business strategically. For example, our PocketDISH and similar products may offer mass market video portability, and we are also exploring improved mobile video and data distribution technologies. I am excited that we are well positioned to capitalize on these and other opportunities. I hope you share that excitement and appreciate your continued support and confidence. Sincerely,

Charles W. Ergen Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

9601 S. Meridian Blvd. · Englewood, Colorado 80112 · Tel: (303) 723-1000 · Fax: (303) 723-1999

