March 22, 2016 Dear DISH Network Shareholder: Twenty years ago this month, we sold our first DISH direct broadcast satellite system to a family from Fairfax, Iowa. That sale was the culmination of years of hard work, vision and overcoming obstacles that seemed insurmountable at times. I am incredibly proud of what just a few hundred of us achieved in those days. Today, with nearly 14 million subscribers, more than 18,000 employees and our role as an industry leader secure, I remain every bit as proud. In 2015, we achieved record revenue and our average monthly revenue per user saw meaningful growth. We focused on improving the quality of our customer mix, and we launched a new service ­ Sling TV ­ that I believe will be every bit as transformative to our company and the media industry as our launch of DISH Network was 20 years ago. In the year, DISH veteran Erik Carlson, who joined us just ahead of the December 1995 launch of our first satellite EchoStar I, took the reins as our President and COO. Erik and his team will steer the DISH business in a positive direction allowing me to focus on our strategic initiatives. As we've long maintained, our future will largely be defined by our participation in a world that expects and prospers from universal broadband connectivity. Consumers want to take advantage of the new services and new ways of living that such connectivity will foster. Over the next five years, wired and wireless infrastructure will accelerate the transformation of nearly every element of our economy, including entertainment, healthcare, transportation and retail. During 2015, we took positive steps in that direction. Sling TV debuted as the first, live, linear over-thetop Internet television service. The Sling TV service includes domestic, international and Latino live and on-demand programming and is available through televisions, tablets, computers, and smartphones. I'm pleased with Sling TV's early results and am excited for its future. In the year, we also made progress on the wireless front. Beyond key spectrum-related investments that we made in 2015, a highlight for the year was the decision by 3GPP, the global wireless standards body, to include important elements of our spectrum investments into its latest band plan ­ Band 66. This is a critical step forward on the path towards the commercialization of our spectrum assets. Just as we believed two decades ago, we believe again today that the opportunities for DISH are greater than they have ever been. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

Charles W. Ergen Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

