EVERY START EVERY METER EVERY FINISH EVERY SEASON STARTS AT DICK'S

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
In today's intensely competitive athletic world, the top contenders are often separated by the narrowest of margins, with a tenth of a point or a thousandth of a second marking the difference between victory and defeat. Only occasionally does a truly elite athlete emerge--one that even competitors consider "untouchable."

At DICK'S we have the drive to be untouchable. Although we have already built the largest and most profitable publicly held specialty sporting goods retailer in the nation, for us leadership simply isn't enough. Instead, we are committed to capturing a significant advantage over our competitors in every possible way. In 2012, we strengthened our competitive position by expanding our store network, enhancing our shopping environment, growing our private brand portfolio and upgrading several of our key technology systems. We also took aggressive steps to build our omni-channel platform, including adding new functionality to our website and launching a highly successful ship-fromstore capability that has given us a valuable competitive advantage. Finally we set the stage for future growth by opening our fourth distribution center, breaking new ground with our aptly named "Untouchable" marketing campaign and fueling our market research engine by testing new retail concepts.

Together, these initiatives drove sales, enabling DICK'S to deliver excellent 2012 financial performance. Our 2012 consolidated non-GAAP earnings per diluted share rose 25 percent to $2.53 on a 53-week basis, or rose 24 percent to $2.50 on a 52-week basis, respectively, compared with consolidated non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $2.02 in 2011. Operating margin grew 72 basis points for the 53 weeks in 2012. Our overall same-store sales grew 4.3 percent, reflecting increases across both our DICK'S Sporting Goods and Golf Galaxy chains, as well as in our eCommerce channel. We also continued to maintain a solid balance sheet, ending 2012 with $345 million in cash and cash equivalents and no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We utilized a portion of our strong capital base to return value to our shareholders by paying a quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share throughout the year, followed by a special dividend of $2.00 per share in December 2012.

2

2012 RESULTS
GROWTH
+ Added 38 new DICK'S Sporting Goods stores, posting an eight percent growth rate Relocated five DICK'S Sporting Goods stores to + preferred locations Enhanced omni-channel platform with a ship-from+ store capability and a mobile app for smartphone users Relocated, expanded and repositioned a Golf Galaxy + store, with elevated experiential shopping Opened two new True Runner specialty concept stores + + Opened a new 624,000 square foot distribution center that has increased our store support capability to accommodate a total of approximately 750 stores

PERFORMANCE
+ Delivered sales of $5.8 billion, an increase of 12 percent + Grew operating margins by 72 basis points + Increased non-GAAP earnings per diluted share 25 percent to $2.53 on a 53-week basis Maintained a strong balance sheet and solid + cash position Rewarded shareholders with quarterly + and special cash dividends + Completed a $200 million share repurchase program

UNTOUCHABLE
A POWERFUL DISTRIBUTION NETWORK
Over the years, we have consistently adapted our growth strategy to meet the demands of different market cycles, and as a result, we have steadily expanded our store base and extended our geographic reach. In 2012, we continued to build our distribution network, opening 38 new DICK'S Sporting Goods stores in both existing and new markets. Our 2012 growth brought us past the 500th store milestone, and we ended the year with a total of 518 DICK'S Sporting Goods locations across the U.S. We maintained an exceptional new store productivity rate, which was 93.5 percent in the fourth quarter of 2012, reflecting the effectiveness of our real estate and marketing strategies in enabling us to overcome persistent economic softness and ongoing political uncertainty. While our overall growth prospects in the U.S. are significant, we are diligently exploring ways to increase them further. In 2012, we identified a number of additional growth markets that are smaller in size than those we currently target but have highly attractive dynamics. We have developed a small-store format that will enable us to enter these markets, positioning us to increase the projected total size of our DICK'S Sporting Goods U.S. store network from at least 900 potential locations to more than 1,100. In 2012, we continued to build the foundation to support this growth by opening our fourth distribution center. Located in Arizona, this state-of-the-art facility has increased our overall capacity to support a total of 750 stores, while providing us with a solid framework both for our continued expansion in the West and the ongoing build-out of our eCommerce business. As we continue to grow, we remain sharply focused on maintaining the high standards of flexibility and operational efficiency that have been fundamental to our past success. In 2012, we implemented systemic solutions such as merchandise assortment planning,

3

EVERY TOUCH EVERY SHOOTOUT EVERY SAVE EVERY SEASON STARTS AT DICK'S

which helps optimize inventory across categories, by store size and by region; and size scaling and pack optimization, which generates apparel size combinations based on store-level sales data. Additionally, we are seeing positive results from testing and implementing other powerful systems including price management and optimization, which maintains item pricing across channels; and space planning.

growth in our eCommerce sales, while providing our customers with more choices of where, when and how they can access the DICK'S shopping experience. Our store network and eCommerce business represent two powerful retail channels, and we continue to integrate them to maximize their potential. A key step in this initiative was the launch of our new ship-fromstore capability, which enables us to fulfill online orders directly from our selling floors, improving our productivity and profitability while reducing delivery time for our customers. Ship-from-store has proved to be a powerful tool, and we have already rolled it out to all of our stores, effectively adding over 500 distribution points to our online fulfillment network. We expect this capability to continue to drive our online sales, and over time, we believe it will significantly expedite our fulfillment times, further strengthening our competitive stance.

A GROWING OMNI-CHANNEL PRESENCE
Over the last three years, our eCommerce business has become an important growth vehicle, and in 2012 we continued to invest in the people and infrastructure that drive this business. This included adding new digital capabilities and expanding our online content and site functionality, as well as taking steps to strengthen our eCommerce fundamentals by improving inventory management, expediting fulfillment and increasing profitability metrics. We also made our eCommerce business more accessible by launching a comprehensive mobile application that enables consumers to use their smartphones to locate our stores, make purchases, access the benefits of our ScoreCard Rewards Program and earn rewards for engaging with the DICK'S Sporting Goods brand on social media. These efforts have driven significant

4

STRATEGIES FOR PROFITABLE GROWTH
DRIVE MARGIN GROWTH THROUGH:
+ Inventory management ­ Technology initiatives ­ Regionalization + Product mix ­ High-margin product categories ­ Vendor relationships ­ Store enhancements + Private brand sales ­ Build and expand existing brands ­ Purchase established brands ­ Launch new brands in high-margin categories

DELIVER A POWERFUL OMNI-CHANNEL CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE BY:
+ E xpanding our store network +B  uilding our eCommerce capabilities + Integrating our online presence with our store locations

A PREMIUM SHOPPING EXPERIENCE
One of our greatest competitive advantages is the ability to consistently deliver a unique, highquality shopping experience across our entire store network. This effort requires us to make continuous improvements that enable us to maintain a fresh, appealing and engaging store environment. In 2012, we continued to enhance the premium vendor shops we offer in partnership with leading vendors, including Nike, Under Armour and The North Face. Our premium specialty shops have been a highly successful differentiator for DICK'S, and we are steadily adding more locations to our network, ending 2012 with 171 Nike Fieldhouse shops, 107 Under Armour All-American and Blue Chip shops, and 91 The North Face specialty shops nationwide. We also completed the groundwork to introduce a new NFL specialty shop in 2013, and we launched a Nike microsite on the DICK'S eCommerce site. This microsite provides customers with an enhanced online experience that mirrors the premium vendor shop environment in our stores. DICK'S value proposition includes in-store access to specialized equipment services across several different sporting goods categories, from bicycle inspections to golf club repairs to baseball glove steaming. Our service platform gives us a clear edge over big-box

stores and e-tailers, and over the years, we have steadily built this platform by investing in high-quality equipment, hiring certified professionals in key service areas and providing our associates with specialized training. In 2012, we continued to develop new services and to heighten awareness of our service offerings among consumers. Private brands are another important competitive advantage for DICK'S that generate attractive margins and encourage customer loyalty. In 2012, we bought two established brands, Top-Flite, one of the bestknown names in the golf sector, and Field & Stream, a leading name in the outdoor market. By acquiring these brands, we have gained greater flexibility over their development, enabling us to build and market them in a way that aligns with our overall growth strategy and meets the needs of our customers.

AN UNTOUCHABLE MARKETING CAMPAIGN
One of our most visible achievements in 2012 was the development of our groundbreaking "Untouchable" marketing campaign, which currently encompasses a series of innovative television spots that highlight the emotional connection athletes have to their sports and their equipment.

5

OUR VISION
WE CREATE VALUE FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS THROUGH THE RELENTLESS IMPROVEMENT OF EVERYTHING WE DO.
This campaign helped to position the DICK'S brand as an icon in the sporting goods market, effectively aligning our message with that of leading equipment manufacturers and sports organizations. We're very pleased with the initial feedback on this campaign and plan to develop a series of new "Untouchable" advertisements in 2013.

WE BUILD LEADING BRANDS THAT SERVE AND INSPIRE ATHLETES AND OUTDOOR ENTHUSIASTS AROUND THE WORLD TO ACHIEVE THEIR PERSONAL BEST.

WE MAKE A LASTING IMPACT IN OUR COMMUNITIES THROUGH SPORT.

MOVING TO THE NEXT LEVEL
At DICK'S, we start every season with our focus firmly fixed on the future, much like the elite athletes we serve. In the coming year, we plan to continue to make the investments necessary to strengthen our company, widen our competitive margin--and draw closer to our goal of becoming untouchable. This will include working to expand and improve our store network, grow our eCommerce business, develop our private brands and execute our marketing strategy. We will also continue to recruit smart, aggressive associates to steer our progress, and we will conduct the market research necessary to keep our stores at the front of the pack. In 2012, we accelerated our research effort by opening two True Runner concept stores. In 2013, we plan to open additional True Runner locations and to introduce a Field & Stream store

exclusively focused on hunting, fishing and camping. These highly specialized concept stores enable us to connect with dedicated athletes and outdoor enthusiasts in their own element, giving us valuable insight into key merchandise categories that we can apply across our entire network. We also opened an enhanced Golf Galaxy store in 2012 that delivers an innovative and highly interactive shopping experience. We plan to open two more of these locations in 2013, giving us a renewed position and growth path for our Golf Galaxy brand. As we work to capture the opportunities ahead, I'd like to thank all of our associates, who continue to prove that focus and drive are the keys to staying at the top of our game, even in a challenging market environment. I'd also like to thank our shareholders, vendors and customers, who continue to support our goals. We look forward to rewarding your loyalty by working tirelessly not just to be the best, but to excel beyond the best-- to become untouchable.

Edward W. Stack
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

6

