dear fellow shareholders

I'm pleased to report that 2003 was another record year for Dick's Sporting Goods. In this, our first full year as a public company, we again achieved industry-leading results and reached several new milestones. Achievement First and foremost, our shareholders were rewarded with 162% growth in our share price in fiscal 2003, and 315% from our IPO in October 2002 through the end of fiscal 2003. As a result of this growth in our stock price and the confidence of our Board of Directors and management in both the strong fundamentals and growth potential of our business, we announced a two-for-one stock split, in the form of a stock dividend, which became effective on April 5, 2004. We ended 2003 as the second largest full-line sporting goods retailer in the country with $1.5 billion in sales, operating 163 stores in 27 states. Our net income increased 37% over last year's pro-forma net income to $52.8 million, which was on top of a 59% increase in the prior year's pro-forma net income. Dick's Sporting Goods was again the most profitable publicly held full-line sporting goods retailer in the country as measured by income from continuing operations and adjusted for our competitors' non-recurring items.
dks 03ar 2

This industry-leading performance provides a strong endorsement of our 10,000+ associates, and of our guiding principles, including financial discipline and a focus on execution in everything that we do. A Different Kind of Sporting Goods Retailer As I have outlined in the past, we are a very different kind of sporting goods retailer. We sell authentic equipment, apparel and footwear, focusing on the core athlete and outdoor enthusiast. Our in-store associates, like our customers, are enthusiasts as well. As the second largest employer of PGA pros in the country, you can find in our Golf Pro Shops one of over 150 PGA pros that we employ. We also employ 175 bike technicians, and we're excited about our initiative to capitalize on the fitness business as we plan to have certified fitness trainers in every store by the end of 2004. Our emphasis on serving customers with sports enthusiasts and specialists remains a point of differentiation. 2003 Highlights In 2003, a comparable store sales gain of 2.1% and the opening of 22 new stores fueled a 16% increase in sales. We entered 11 new markets with 13 stores, accompanied by nine stores in existing markets. Our operating income improved 25% to $86.3 million, or 5.9% of sales, up from 5.4% in 2002. Earnings per share grew 22% to $1.05 on a post-split basis, compared to pro-forma earnings per share in 2002 of $0.86.

Management Team (from left to right) Joseph J. Queri, Jr. Senior Vice President -- Real Estate Jeffrey R. Hennion Senior Vice President -- Strategic Planning Lee Belitsky Vice President -- Controller & Treasurer Gary M. Sterling Senior Vice President -- Merchandising Bill Dandy Senior Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer Jerel Hollens Senior Vice President -- Supply Chain William J. Colombo President & Chief Operating Officer Joseph H. Schmidt Vice President -- Store Operations Edward W. Stack Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Hines Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Eileen Gabriel Senior Vice President & Chief Information Officer William R. Newlin Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer

DKS Stock Price Performance 2003
(Adjusted for two-for-one stock split, effective April 2004)

We closed the year with a strong balance sheet. At year-end, we had no outstanding borrowings on our $180 million revolving line of credit, a $94 million cash balance, and inventories were down 6% yearover-year on a per-store and per-square-foot basis. As a result, we generated a return on invested capital of 11.8% and inventory turnover of 3.69x, both key metrics by which we measure our performance. Business Development We measure ourselves not only against sporting goods retailers, but also against best-in-class specialty retailers in other sectors, and we will always look for room to improve. Our performance in 2003 simply raises the bar for future results, and we look forward to that challenge. In 2004 and beyond, you can expect more of what has made us successful to date. Our objective is to capture an even larger portion of what is still a very fragmented $46 billion sporting goods marketplace. We're uniquely positioned to capitalize on the opportunities for growth within our industry. In addition to improving all that we do within our existing operations, we will continue to open new stores in geographically contiguous markets as the foundation of our growth strategy. We also expect to expand and deepen our private label offerings, which offer value and differentiation to our customers and generate higher margins for our business. Teamwork We are constantly working to position ourselves for continued growth. In 2003 we added a number of key members to what was already a strong and experienced management team. Bill Newlin

(Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer), Bill Dandy (Senior Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer) and Jerel Hollens (Senior Vice President -- Supply Chain) are all welcomed additions. These experienced managers will challenge many components of our business, from our merchandising assortment to our marketing strategy to our administrative processes. As we begin 2004, we have already put in place a number of initiatives to position ourselves for what we expect will be another challenging, but rewarding, year. We improved an already strong balance sheet by completing an opportunistic financing in the form of convertible notes in February 2004. Net proceeds totaled $146 million after the net cost of a hedge and warrant which had the effect of increasing the conversion premium to 100% or $56.16 post-split. Proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include investing in new stores, accelerating store growth and acquisitions of complementary companies or businesses. We are committed to delivering value to our customers, and returns to our shareholders. Most importantly, our continued success is an expression of the joint efforts and ideas of many stakeholders -- our associates, our customers, and our vendors. On behalf of our management team, we thank each of you for your support, and we once again look forward to achieving new milestones in the year ahead.

Edward W. Stack Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
dks 03ar 3

