OUR GOAL IS TO BE THE NUMBER ONE SPORTS AND FITNESS SPECIALTY RETAILER FOR ALL ATHLETES AND OUTDOOR ENTHUSIASTS, THROUGH THE RELENTLESS IMPROVEMENT OF EVERYTHING WE DO.

DEAR FELLOW

SHAREHOLDERS
The course for the U.S. Open is always set up to be extremely difficult. Fairways are narrowed. The rough is five inches to six inches high. The greens are fast and run as high as 12 feet on the Stimpmeter. Just a few years back, the course was set up to be so difficult that the head of the USGA was asked if he was trying to embarrass the best golfers in the world. His response was simply, "No, just identify them." This past year, the retail environment has been similar to the setup at the U.S. Open. The conditions have been extremely difficult but they have also provided an opportunity for the best retailers in the world to be identified. As 2008 began, it became clear to everyone that what constituted a winning performance would be redefined and expectations would need to be reset. The year quickly became about liquidity as opposed to earnings as the most strategic and proactive companies were assessing their relationships with banks, suppliers, service providers, and even their own employees. We at Dick's Sporting Goods recognized the consumer slowdown early on and put into place a series of contingency plans that could be implemented quickly if business did not turn around. The backbone of these plans centered on a reduction in both inventory and expenses while working with our bank group to exercise $90 million of the $100 million accordion feature in our line of credit. All three of these tactics were implemented to support our strategy of maximizing liquidity during this economic crisis.

DISCIPLI
2
DICK'S SPORTING GOODS, INC. 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

In total, our overall sales increased 6% to $4.1 billion driven by the addition of 43 Dick's Sporting Goods stores, 10 Golf Galaxy stores, and 15 Chick's Sporting Good's stores, which were included for a full year of sales following our acquisition of the stores in November 2007. Despite a 4.8% decline in our full year comparable sales, we were able to end the year with no borrowings under our $440 million line of credit facility and reduce our average borrowings during the year by 20%. To accomplish this, we had to be proactive and acknowledge that we were in a very different world. We worked with both our valued branded suppliers as well as our overseas manufacturing partners to reduce our inventory. At the end of the year, our inventory was down 13.9% on a consolidated basis and down 12.7% for Dick's Sporting Goods stores only. Our team was able to accomplish this monumental feat while still increasing our merchandise margin by 16 basis points and maintaining strong relationships with our key vendors. Our inventory level and the quality of that inventory allowed us to be in a position to take advantage of off-price opportunities from our suppliers and deliver great promotional values to our customers. Our growth for the foreseeable future should be viewed as organic; although, we may look at opportunistic acquisitions as they become available. We ended the year with 384 Dick's Sporting Goods stores, 89 Golf Galaxy stores, and 14 Chick's Sporting Goods stores. During the year, we added 43 Dick's Sporting Goods stores, approximately 35% of which were in new markets while the balance helped fill in existing markets.

2008 MANAGEMENT TEAM
( left to right)

Jeffrey R. Hennion Executive Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer Lee J. Belitsky Senior Vice President ­ Distribution & Transportation Kathryn L. Sutter Senior Vice President ­ Human Resources Edward W. Stack Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President Joseph H. Schmidt Executive Vice President of Operations & Chief Operating Officer Gwendolyn K. Manto Executive Vice President & Chief Merchandising Officer Matthew J. Lynch Senior Vice President & Chief Information Officer Timothy E. Kullman Executive Vice President, Finance, Administration & Chief Financial Officer

NE

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS, INC.

2008 ANNUAL REPORT

3

ENDURANCE
4

We completed the consolidation of Golf Galaxy by closing the Minneapolis office and converting all of the operating and financial systems. Golf Galaxy is now fully integrated within our supply chain, and experienced Dick's Sporting Goods associates have been buying and marketing the Golf Galaxy product since November 2008. The Golf Galaxy business was off 7.7% on a comparable store sales basis for 2008, and, in the current environment, we expect the golf business will continue to be challenged as golf is a highly discretionary purchase. We expect to open only one new Golf Galaxy store in 2009 and may not open any in 2010. The conversion process of 12 Chick's Sporting Goods stores located in Southern California is proceeding on schedule. We expect to complete the conversion by the end of the second quarter of 2009, and we continue to be very excited about these stores as this acquisition provided us with instant access to the important Southern California area. Although this area is among the hardest hit economically, we believe we have significant business opportunities in California. We expect the tough economic conditions of 2008 to continue in 2009 and possibly into 2010. We will, however, continue to concentrate on our primary customer group of core athletes and outdoor enthusiasts; work with vendors to provide more exclusive products and better value to our customers; build our private brand program; and emphasize discipline and execution in everything we do. As the U.S. Open provides the opportunity for the best golfers in the world to be identified as they perform in the toughest of conditions, we are confident these difficult times will provide the opportunity for Dick's Sporting Goods to continue to be identified as one of the world's best retailers.

Edward W. Stack Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS, INC.

2008 ANNUAL REPORT

