dick's sporting goods, inc. 2005 annual report

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

One of college football's legendary coaches once noted that the mark of a true professional is the ability to consistently deliver a higher level of performance than others. While this may seem like a simple concept, executing it consistently is not an easy task. Instead, it demands unwavering discipline, focus and effort ­ all qualities that the team at Dick's Sporting Goods has demonstrated year after year, as we have consistently performed at a higher level than our peers.

In 2005, we continued this trend, delivering a strong performance on a number of fronts. During the year, we completed the integration of the Galyan's stores we acquired in 2004, while continuing to fuel our organic growth, create new efficiencies and pave the way for future expansion. At the same time, we maintained our consistent focus on financial results, posting improved gross, operating, EBITDA and net income margins.2 Our net income rose 52 percent to $94.5 million, compared to proforma, combined company results in 2004.2 Sales increased 24 percent to $2.6 billion, while comparable store sales grew 2.6 percent. This marked the sixth consecutive year in which we have posted a comparable store sales gain; moreover, in every one of those years we delivered an increase of more than 2 percent in this metric. As a result of this performance, Dick's ended the year as not only the largest full-line sporting goods retailer in the nation with $2.6 billion in sales, but also the most profitable publicly held full-line sporting goods retailer in the nation ­ a designation that we have held for the past several years.3

Executing Our Game Plan
One of the greatest challenges that any healthy, growing company faces is that of managing its growth effectively. This begins with formulating an expansion plan that can generate meaningful, long-term value and executing that plan in a disciplined manner ­ all while keeping an eye on the ball of ongoing operations. At Dick's Sporting Goods, we have a tradition of growing our Company while meeting all of these criteria, and, in 2005, we once again showcased these abilities. A defining achievement for the year was our integration of Galyan's. When we made this acquisition in July of 2004, we said that it was a strategic move for Dick's that would position us with premium real estate in a number of key new markets that offered further growth opportunity, including Chicago, Atlanta, Minneapolis and Denver. We also said that it would enable us to expand our presence in several existing markets and create valuable efficiencies in the areas of procurement and marketing. Our rapid integration of this acquisition enabled us to realize some of these efficiencies immediately and to make the acquisition nominally accretive to our 2004 earnings. In 2005, we continued this momentum, completing the conversion of the 44 Galyan's stores into

2

Results exclude merger integration and store closing costs, and gain on sale of investment As measured by income from continuing operations and adjusted for non-recurring items

3

2

MANAGEMENT TEAM
(left to right) William R. Newlin
Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer

Michael F. Hines
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

William J. Colombo
President and Chief Operating Officer

Jeffrey R. Hennion
Senior Vice President ­ Marketing

Jay Crosson
Senior Vice President ­ Human Resources

Edward W. Stack
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Doug Walrod
Senior Vice President ­ Real Estate and Development

Gwen Manto
Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer

Eileen Gabriel
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer

Lee Belitsky
Senior Vice President ­ Distribution and Transportation

Joseph H. Schmidt
Senior Vice President ­ Store Operations

Dick's Sporting Goods stores within nine months of making the acquisition ­ one quarter ahead of our plan. This was a formidable undertaking that encompassed re-merchandising, re-signing and re-setting all of the stores to mirror the merchandise assortment and layout of a Dick's store; converting the Galyan's stores' systems to our own; and launching a grand re-opening campaign in each market. We also closed the Galyan's corporate office, and adapted the former

Galyan's distribution center to optimize our supply chain network. Our diligent attention to these initiatives enabled us to achieve $20 million in expected operating synergies in 2005. While the acquisition was a major growth driver for our Company in 2005, it did not distract us from pursuing organic growth. During the year, we opened 26 new Dick's Sporting Goods stores that enabled us to enter nine new markets, including our first store in Florida, which represents the 34th state that we now serve. Much of this organic growth

STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE
OCTOBER 16, 2002 IPO THROUGH FISCAL 2005

took place during the second half of the year, and, in fact, we opened 16 stores and relocated three stores during the third quarter alone, representing the largest single quarter store opening campaign in our Company's history.

$40

Expanding Our Playing Field
In the midst of all this activity, we continued to plan for the future. One of the primary ways that Dick's has become a best-in-class retailer is by driving the growth of our store concept. This concept centers around offering multiple "store-within-a-store" specialty areas inside each of our locations, each of which is designed to stand alone as a true

$30

$20

$10

$0 2005 2003 2004 2006 IPO

3

dick's sporting goods, inc. 2005 annual report

specialty store. We create compelling specialty store environments by providing customers with authentic merchandise assortments, highly knowledgeable employee teams, a first-rate selection of national and private-label brands, and a range of value-added services. These characteristics set Dick's stores apart within our industry and position us to deliver customer satisfaction in every new market we enter. Over the years, we have demonstrated our commitment to this store concept by regularly expanding our store network. As a result, Dick's is one of the largest chains of its kind in the United States, with 255 stores in 34 states and more than 14 million square feet of retail space. As we look ahead, we believe that there is ample opportunity for us to continue to grow, and we are sharply focused on capitalizing on this potential by working to increase our store count by approximately 15 percent annually in the coming years. In the process, we plan to increase our penetration of existing markets, as well as to extend our reach into new markets.

In the past two years, we took a number of steps to set the stage for this growth. In 2004, we expanded our distribution center in Smithton, Pennsylvania; we implemented new merchandise and allocation systems; and we moved into a new headquarters location that centralized our corporate office functions under one roof. In 2005, we made enhancements to our merchandise systems to expedite the flow of merchandise from our vendors to our stores and to provide our buyers and planners with more timely data to use in the decision-making process. We also laid the groundwork to open another 40 stores in 2006 in a mix of new and established markets. And we formulated a plan to expand our distribution center in Plainfield, Indiana, which, when complete, will yield a total network capacity of 460 stores between our two distribution centers. To support the planned growth of our store network and maximize our supply chain capacity, we began implementing a warehouse management system that will enable us to

SALES
(IN MILLIONS)

NET INCOME 1
(IN MILLIONS)

OPERATING MARGINS 2
(PERCENTAGE)

$2,625

$94.5

$2,449

$2,109

$74.5

$50.3

$62.1

5.4%

5.8%

6.2%

$1,471

$39.6

2001

$1,075

2002

$1,273

2003

2004 2004 P 2005

2001

$23.2

2002

2003

2004 2004 P 2005

2001

4.2%

2002

2003

2004 2004 P 2005

1

Results exclude merger integration and store closing costs, gain on sale of investment, and loss on write-down of non-cash investment Results exclude merger integration and store closing costs

2

2004 P: Proforma results as if Galyan's had been aquired at the beginning of the period

4

4.8%

6.5%

dick's sporting goods, inc. 2005 annual report

optimize our growing infrastructure and speed merchandise to our selling floors. We also continued to develop and provide Dick's own training programs to store associates, and to extend our tradition of opening new Dick's locations with an experienced Dick's store manager. These initiatives help ensure that our team is well-versed in delivering excellent service and offering up-to-date product knowledge to our customers. Finally, we fortified our ability to pursue future growth opportunities by ending the year with no borrowings on our revolving credit facility, a reduction of $76 million compared with last year.

2005 ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Performance
Completed integration of Galyan's acquisition one quarter ahead of plan Delivered improved gross, operating, EBITDA and net income margins Increased comparable store sales by 2.6%, marking our sixth consecutive year of posting a gain of greater than 2% in this metric Improved our merchandise margin, leveraging our growing purchasing power and driving sales in our more than 10 private-label brands, which in 2005 accounted for a record 12% of total sales Achieved $20 million in synergies resulting from the Galyan's acquisition Ended 2005 with no borrowings on our revolving credit facility, a reduction of $76 million compared with last year Ended the year as the largest full-line sporting goods retailer in the nation with $2.6 billion in sales, and once again as the most profitable publicly held full-line sporting goods retailer in the nation4

Outpacing the Competition
If I were to characterize the past year in a word, I would say "performance." Indeed, 2005 was a period during which our Company delivered exceptional operating and financial results, while taking steps to ensure that we can continue to outpace our competitors in the coming years. Our ability to deliver these accomplishments is the direct result of the way we think and function at Dick's, which I liken to a great athlete: continually developing our strengths and skills, and perpetually preparing for the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. We believe that one of these opportunities is to drive our continued earnings growth. With this in mind, we are focused on increasing our operating margin by approximately 30 basis points annually, thereby fueling an estimated annual earnings growth rate of approximately 20 percent for our Company. As we move forward, I would like to thank our employees for their dedication and hard work over the past year. I would also like to thank our vendors for their partnership, our customers for their patronage, and our shareholders for their support. Rest assured that we will continue to focus on delivering a level of performance that enables Dick's to excel within our industry.

Growth
Converted 44 Galyan's stores into Dick's Sporting Goods stores, positioning us in a number of key new markets, and increasing our presence in several existing markets Opened 26 new Dick's Sporting Goods stores that enabled us to enter nine new markets, including our first store in Florida, our 34th state Marked the largest single quarter store opening campaign in our history in the third quarter, opening 16 new locations and relocating three additional locations Began servicing more stores from our recently expanded Smithton, Pennsylvania distribution center

Edward W. Stack
4

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

As measured by income from continuing operations and adjusted for non-recurring items

5

