Discipl
Shareholders
Dear Fellow
In last year's letter to our shareholders, I indicated we would be very focused on liquidity issues as we in the United States and those around the world worked through the most severe financial crises since the Great Depression. We executed our liquidity strategy and tactics to support this initiative with great success. We continued to eliminate unproductive inventory from our system. In 2009, our quarterly inventories were below 2008 levels on a square foot basis by 9.7%, 5.5%, 8.6%, and 0.4% respectively. We postponed and reduced the scope of capital projects that we felt would have little impact on our 2009 operations. Our team also reduced variable expenses as sales continued similar deterioration from the fourth quarter of 2008 through the second quarter of 2009. During the year, we repurchased our $172.5 million of convertible notes and ended the year once again with no outstanding borrowings under our $440 million line of credit. As of year end, we increased our cash balance by $151 million, ending the year with $226 million versus $75 million in 2008. Taking into account the repurchase of our convertible notes, we improved our net cash position by $324 million. In 2009, sales increased on a consolidated basis by 6.8% over 2008 to $4.4 billion. While we ended the year with a negative 1.4% in consolidated comparable store sales, the consolidated comparable store sales in the third and fourth quarters increased 1.9% and 2.5%, respectively. The improvement of sales in the second half of 2009 led

2

Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. | 2009 Annual Report

ine
to an increase in earnings. In that same timeframe, earnings per diluted share1 exceeded the same period in 2008 by 18%. We ended 2009 with earnings per diluted share1 of $1.20 compared to $1.15 in 2008. Our Golf Galaxy business continued to improve as seen by a comparable store sales gain in the fourth quarter of 2009. Our focus for 2010 is to continue to offer the best and most highly recognized premium golf brands in the industry along with the newest technology. In 2010, our organic store growth plan includes the opening of at least 24 new Dick's Sporting Goods stores, similar to the new stores we developed in 2009, as well as five new Golf Galaxy stores. We anticipate commercial real estate development will continue to be soft as little new product has come onto the market. In response, we have modified our development approach and have entered into leases for more recycled real estate in appropriate locations with rental rates significantly below historic levels. We expect new commercial real estate development to remain challenged for the next few years. As we continue to grow our business, we will develop strategies to make our existing stores more productive. We will continue implementing tactics to improve the economics of our existing store base in 2010 through better local marketing efforts, improved inventory productivity and key merchandising efforts.

Our goal
is to be the number one sports and fitness specialty retailer for all athletes and outdoor enthusiasts, through the relentless improvement of everything we do.

1

 xcluding a non-cash impairment charge and merger and integration costs in 2008 and merger and e integration costs in 2009

Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. | 2009 Annual Report

3

Execution
4

In 2010, we expect to resume investing in our business. These investments will include both capital projects and infrastructure improvements to support our future growth. We have completed the consolidation of our new Store Support Center and are making information technology investments such as the significant upgrade of our data center and initiating the development of a redundant data center. We are also making meaningful investments in people to execute our local marketing and merchandising programs. We believe this will provide us a significant competitive advantage in the marketplace. During 2010, we will focus on our private brands and private label products to differentiate ourselves further to the consumer. As we focus on our own product development and work with our valued suppliers to create products exclusive to our Company, our customers will continue to experience and recognize that Dick's Sporting Goods is the most complete and exciting full-line sporting goods retailer in the country.

Edward W. Stack Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. | 2009 Annual Report

