DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
Baseball great Willie Mays once observed that the real challenge doesn't lie in being good at sports from time to time, but in being good at sports every day. His point, of course, is that top athletes consistently rise above the difficulties that life casts in their path to deliver strong and steady performance over the long term. The same can be said of top companies, and in 2010, Dick's Sporting Goods once again demonstrated our ability to be good, every day. We did this by rising above the challenges that impacted our market to deliver strong financial and operational performance, make strategic investments in our business, and develop a targeted plan to fuel our continued progress.

EXCEPTIONAL AGILITY
Since our inception, our management team has continuously evaluated the dynamics that impact our market, gaining valuable insight into the forces within each business cycle that could ultimately impede or drive our progress. Over the years, our success in identifying these forces and leveraging them to our advantage has given us exceptional market agility, which we use to proactively manage market challenges and deliver strong financial performance. In 2010, we continued to demonstrate our market agility, posting marked increases in both earnings and sales, and delivering impressive same store sales in our Dick's Sporting Goods and Golf Galaxy chains, as well as in our e-commerce channel. We increased our consolidated non-GAAP earnings per diluted share by 36 percent to $1.63, compared with consolidated nonGAAP earnings per diluted share of $1.20 in 2009. We improved our overall same store sales by 7.4 percent, compared with a decline of 1.4 percent in 2009. We also opened 26 new Dick's Sporting Goods locations during 2010, representing a 6 percent growth rate. We accomplished this growth while continuing to implement our store remodeling program, and still maintaining our focus on strengthening our balance sheet. As a result, we ended the year with $546 million in cash and cash equivalents and no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.

2

OUR GOAL
PASSION FOR OUR BUSINESS AND FOCUS ON THE LONG TERM
One of the cornerstones of Dick's success is quite basic: We love what we do. We literally have a passion for sports, and that passion translates into a commitment to excellence that cuts across every area of our operations, enabling us to maintain the discipline required to deliver steady growth and progress, even in some of the toughest market conditions. Our passion also drives us to maintain an unwavering focus on long-term performance. With this in mind, we have identified three main growth drivers, geared to help us deliver strong performance in the years ahead as our nation's economy continues its path to recovery: Expand our store network // While the sluggish economy has limited growth opportunities throughout the industry, we continue to drive measured expansion. We also continue to plan ahead, and in 2010, we conducted a meticulous evaluation of our future growth potential, taking into account a wide range of factors, including consumer and industry trends, and regional demographics. Through this process, we identified the opportunity to more than double the size of our store network, opening a cumulative total of at least 900 stores across the nation over the long term. We are committed to capitalizing on this opportunity, and in 2011, we expect to open approximately 34 new Dick's Sporting Goods locations, accelerating our pace of store growth to 8 percent. Grow our e-commerce business // Our e-commerce business represents only a small percentage of our consolidated business, and we are taking decisive steps to leverage its full potential--not simply as an additional distribution channel, but also as a true extension of our brick-and-mortar stores. To this end, our priorities are content, profitability and sales, in that order. We are working to develop a distinctive, content-rich e-commerce presence that provides visitors with the same exceptional quality, authentic atmosphere and expertise customers receive in our stores, while also offering them a trusted resource for accurate and

is to be the number one sports and fitness specialty retailer for all athletes and outdoor enthusiasts, through the relentless improvement of everything we do.

2010 RESULTS
PERFORMANCE
Posted sales of $4.9 billion, an increase of more than 10 percent compared with 2009 Drove meaningful improvement in margins compared with 2009 Strengthened our balance sheet and fortified our cash position Increased our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share by 36 percent to $1.63 compared with 2009

GROWTH
Added 26 new Dick's Sporting Goods stores Remodeled 12 Dick's Sporting Goods stores and relocated an additional 2 stores Fueled performance in our Golf Galaxy franchise, opening two new stores and closing select locations Expanded our e-commerce functionality, setting the stage for significant future growth

3

in-depth information on sports and sporting goods. To drive the profitability of our e-commerce business, we are complementing our in-store associate ordering system with the addition of in-store pickup and ship-from-store capabilities. Additionally, we will adjust our online product assortment to emphasize higher margin merchandise, such as apparel and accessories. We expect these efforts, combined with a more robust multi-channel marketing strategy that leverages a range of traditional, digital and social media, to drive continued growth in sales. Drive margin growth // We are deeply committed to ensuring that our growth is always quality growth that does not come at the expense of profitability. One of the ways we ensure this is by employing strategies to increase our margins, including efficient inventory management, private brand sales, regionalization, vendor relationships, store enhancements and gaining leverage from our growing sales levels: ·I  nventory management­We use inventory management tactics to increase turns and reduce clearance levels. These practices enable us to take inventory out of the system and mitigate markdowns, helping to create efficiencies and drive margin rates. We also utilize a system to classify the different business categories within our stores, allowing us to move certain inventory out of lower volume stores and either relocate it to higher volume stores or purge it from the system.

·P  rivate brands­The vertical integration of our private brands means that they inherently generate higher merchandise margins than the products they replace. We are committed to continuing to develop and grow these brands in the future. ·R  egionalization­We utilize targeted regionalization strategies to get the right merchandise to the right stores at the right time, while coordinating the appropriate marketing efforts. In the process, we are providing our customers with exactly what they need when they need it, thereby improving sales and inventory turns, and reducing future clearance. We believe we can use our regionalization strategy to generate significant margin growth, particularly in our Team Sports and Lodge stores. ·V  endor relationships­We are a top customer for many of our key vendors, and they appreciate the fact that we have a robust distribution network and a business with significant growth potential. We are leveraging these relationships by developing exclusive merchandise, promotions and in-store events. ·S  tore enhancements­We continuously enhance our stores through such initiatives as remodeling, remerchandising and introducing new sales concepts. In 2010, we incorporated Nike Field House shops, and we continued converting our Footwear deck from a full-service model to a shared-service model, which allows us to provide service for higher end products, while enabling customers to help themselves with other products. Our customers have responded favorably to this concept, expressing increased satisfaction about the breadth of our product assortment and the convenience of the shopping experience we provide.

4

STAYING POWER
The recessionary environment of the past three years has presented the retail industry with the toughest market conditions since the Great Depression. Dick's ability to deliver profitable growth within this environment is a testament to our proven business strategy, experienced management team, strong infrastructure and powerful brand. Our results also reflect the importance that sports play in the lives of our target audience: core athletes and outdoor enthusiasts, who steadily pursue the activities they love in every season. By faithfully identifying and serving the exacting needs of this customer group, Dick's has fulfilled the difficult task that Mays described of "being good every day." We move forward proud with our accomplishments and energized about our potential. We have weathered numerous storms and in the process, we have continued to build our company, strengthen our balance sheet and refine our strategy. As a result, we are solidly positioned to generate significant growth and increased operating margins in the coming years. As we pursue these goals, we remain grateful to our employees, business partners and shareholders for their ongoing support of our efforts.

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
At Dick's we firmly believe that success brings responsibility, and as we build our business, we also develop programs to give back to the many communities where we live and work. In 2010, we underscored our commitment to these efforts by establishing the Dick's Sporting Goods Foundation to coordinate and guide our various philanthropic activities. One of these activities is the Dick's Sporting Goods Community Youth Program, through which we donate sports equipment to youth organizations nationwide. Each year, our Community Youth Program provides approximately one million children with the sporting goods they need to learn new sports and to play the sports they love. We are also a corporate partner for the Thanks and Giving campaign, which was developed by St. Jude Children's Research Hospital to fund cutting-edge research and to provide treatment for children with cancer and other catastrophic diseases. We further demonstrate our commitment to corporate responsibility by proudly featuring the LIVESTRONG collection of apparel, footwear and fitness equipment in our Dick's Sporting Goods stores. Developed by Nike and  the Lance Armstrong Foundation,  the LIVESTRONG brand has become a powerful vehicle in the effort to fund cancer research, and every sale we make of this merchandise promotes  this vital cause.

Edward W. Stack
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

5

