 A MESSAGE TO
OUR SHAREHOLDERS
It’s often said that an angler dedicates his life to just two pursuits: fishing and thinking about fishing. Given our roots as a local bait-and-tackle shop, it’s only natural that DICK’S pours this same depth of passion into our business. Day in and day out, we “live” our brand, plan for our future and drive relentless improvement in every area of our business—whether we are interacting with our customers, expanding our omni-channel platform, or exploring innovative ways to reach and serve today’s athletes and outdoor enthusiasts.
2 // DICK’S SPORTING GOODS // 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 Our continuous dedication has made DICK’S the largest
and most profitable publicly held full-line sporting goods retailer in the nation with a powerful omni-channel platform that spans 558 DICK’S Sporting Goods stores and a rapidly growing eCommerce business. And, just like our company’s earliest customers—die-hard anglers who spent the off-season sharpening hooks, organizing tackle boxes and scouting promising locations—we are continuously strategizing for the future.
Our forward-thinking approach is evident as we enter 2014: We are leading our industry by maintaining a dominant market position. We are growing our operations by pursuing attractive expansion opportunities. We are focused on continuous improvement in every area of our business. And we are driven to deliver superior financial and operational results, including growing our sales to $10 billion and increasing our operating margin to 10.5 percent by the end of 2017.
During 2013, we developed a targeted strategy to achieve these goals, which centers on building our omni-channel platform, enhancing the shopping experience we offer
to customers, implementing innovative marketing campaigns and developing our new Field & Stream specialty outdoor retail concept.
STAYING AHEAD OF THE CURVE
DICK’S has a long history of building our business through innovation. Over the years, we have formed strategic partnerships with leading vendors, launched exclusive brands, tested specialty retail concepts and executed distinctive marketing campaigns. These efforts have given us exceptional insight into the needs of our customers, while improving our value proposition and driving consumer awareness of our brand. We also embraced eCommerce early on, recognizing that it was a business we
needed to develop. Since then, our eCommerce business has gained significant traction, and today, it is a strong growth vehicle that complements our store network. Together, these two channels constitute a powerful omni-channel platform that gives DICK’S a clear competitive advantage.
Our omni-channel platform is central to our growth strategy, and we are continuing to rely on our strength as an innovator to shape it into a seamless distribution network that
delivers a unique, high-quality shopping experience to every customer at every point of contact. This initiative includes building and developing both our eCommerce business and our store network, while finding new ways to capitalize on the synergies between these two channels.
On the eCommerce side, we are enhancing the customer experience by expanding our product assortment, creating value-added content, offering free shipping for most items, and adding new functions that make our site easier to use, such as improved search capabilities for smartphones and tablets. We are also continuing to roll out new capabilities that link our eCommerce platform with our store network, including ship-from-store, and buy-online, pick-up in- store, which efficiently connect our in-store inventory with online customer demand.
These measures have already helped us to capture a meaningful share of the online sporting goods market, which generates an estimated $6 billion in annual sales and is growing rapidly1. From 2009-2012, the online sporting goods market posted a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 19 percent, while DICK’S eCommerce business generated a CAGR of 41 percent. During this same period, we increased our overall share of this market from 2.9 percent in 2009 to 4.9 percent in 20121. And while 2013 industry data is not yet available, our strong growth accelerated in 2013, with our eCommerce growing 65 percent to over $480 million.
 1 Source: Internet Retailer 2013 edition. Market defined as Sporting Goods ($2.9 billion in 2012) and relevant Apparel / Accessories retailers ($3.1 billion in 2012) in the 2013 Internet Top 500.
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS // 2013 ANNUAL REPORT // 3
 BUILDING A SUCCESSFUL OMNI-CHANNEL NETWORK
• Opened 40 new DICK’S stores
• Began testing buy-online, pick-up in-store
• Lowered shipping costs by nearly 10% per unit
• Increased online conversion by over 30%
• Created dedicated eCommerce commercial for holiday
• Launched new tablet optimized site
ALL 558 STORES ENABLED FOR SHIP-FROM-STORE
 
We believe we have only scratched the surface of our eCommerce growth potential, and we are in the process of building the technology platform required to internally control this business by 2017, increasing its profitability and giving us the flexibility required to take it to the next level.
Our store network remains fundamental to the strength of our omni-channel platform. Industry research estimates that by 2017, consumers will spend nearly $5 in physical stores for every $1 they spend online2, making our stores a key driver
of sales and profitability. In addition, our own sales data shows that our stores fuel eCommerce growth by promoting brand awareness, encouraging customer loyalty across
all channels, allowing fast and easy in-store exchanges,
and enabling us to offer integrated capabilities like buy- online, pick-up in-store, which we are currently testing. We plan to expand our store network to include more than 800 locations by 2017, and we are pursuing this growth through
a methodical expansion plan that draws on our proven real estate expertise to penetrate high-growth markets.
OUR OMNI-CHANNEL PLATFORM IS CENTRAL TO OUR GROWTH STRATEGY, AND WE ARE CONTINUING TO RELY ON OUR STRENGTH AS AN INNOVATOR
TO SHAPE IT INTO A SEAMLESS DISTRIBUTION NETWORK THAT DELIVERS A UNIQUE, HIGH-QUALITY SHOPPING EXPERIENCE TO EVERY CUSTOMER AT EVERY POINT OF CONTACT.
We also have initiatives in place to ensure that we will continue to deliver a high-quality customer experience in our stores. This includes strategically reallocating floor space to devote more square footage to the growing, high-margin categories our customers want most, such as women’s and youth apparel. We are also partnering with the industry’s premier brands to offer a highly differentiated assortment that includes exclusive vendor shops and unique products. Finally, we are highlighting our assortment through compelling merchandise presentations that resonate with our target customers and reinforce DICK’S as a best-in-class brand.
Another facet of our growth strategy is to implement innovative marketing initiatives that elevate our brand, promote our omni-channel platform and enable us to connect with our customers at every point in the buying process. This starts with focused brand messaging that
2 Source: Forrester Research, Inc. October 29, 2013.
3 Outdoor equipment market is defined as non-motorized equipment, accessory, and service expenditures for camping, watersports, hunting, fishing, and trail sports, plus motorized equipment and services for hunting and fishing. Core Outdoor Equipment is defined as camping, watersports, hunting, fishing, and trail sports – excluding special equipment, such as motorized vehicles. Top five companies are Cabela’s, Bass Pro, Gander Mountain, DICK’s Sporting Goods, and Wal-Mart outdoor equipment. Source: U.S. Census Data, Outdoor Industry Association, and company estimates.
inspires athletes and outdoor enthusiasts as they plan for their sporting goods needs, and it continues through all phases of the purchasing cycle, from delivering relevant and informative research materials, to providing guidance about our premium services. The cornerstone of our marketing program is our ScoreCard Rewards loyalty program. This program is a highly effective tool for building customer loyalty and gathering sales data, and we are committed to expanding and refining it in the years ahead.
The final component of our growth strategy is to develop
our new Field & Stream specialty outdoor retail concept. Field & Stream brings us back to our roots in the core outdoor market of hunting, fishing and camping, which
is estimated to generate $34 billion in annual sales. This market posted a CAGR of approximately five percent between 2006-2011, and still remains highly fragmented, with the
top five specialty retailers accounting for less than a third of annual sales3. With more than six decades of experience in serving outdoor enthusiasts, we are confident that DICK’S has the balance sheet, infrastructure, real estate skills and market expertise to capture a sizeable share of this market.
BUILDING MOMENTUM
During 2013, we made significant progress in executing
our strategy. We strengthened our omni-channel network
by making strategic investments in both our eCommerce capabilities and our store network. On the eCommerce front, we expanded ship-from-store, enriched the functionality of our desktop site and created a new site that is optimized for tablets. We improved the customer experience by expanding our assortments, introducing new selector tools and adding relevant content, including updated buying guides and
more detailed product descriptions. And we continued to fuel our marketing engine by strengthening our analytics
  4 // DICK’S SPORTING GOODS // 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
 STRATEGIES FOR PROFITABLE GROWTH
DELIVER A COMPELLING OMNI-CHANNEL SHOPPING EXPERIENCE BY:
• Expanding our store network
• Enriching our eCommerce merchandise
assortment, content and capabilities
• Leveraging our store base by integrating our online presence with our stores
• Developing multi-faceted marketing campaigns that drive omni-channel loyalty

and tracking protocols, and applying the sales data generated by our ScoreCard Rewards loyalty program. These efforts fueled substantial growth, with our eCommerce business posting a 65 percent increase in sales as compared with 2012.
We also continued to invest in our store network. We opened 40 new stores, ending the year with a total of 558 DICK’S Sporting Goods stores in 46 states. We relocated one store and fully remodeled four others, expanding our selling floors and adding new features, such as our shared-service footwear concept. We completed 75 apparel remodels, which included refreshing select stores and incorporating vendor shops.
Finally, we opened our first two Field & Stream stores, which proved to be our most successful store openings ever in terms of both sales and customer turnout. This is an exciting growth opportunity, and we have laid the groundwork to open approximately eight additional Field & Stream stores in 2014 and a total of approximately 55 by 2017.
During the year, we also continued to reward our shareholders, returning capital through quarterly dividends, as well as through more than $255 million in share repurchases, which we made under the five-year, up to $1 billion share repurchase program that our Board authorized in 2013.
FULFILLING OUR VISION
At DICK’S, we come to work every day to fulfill a simple vision: To build leading brands that serve and inspire athletes and outdoor enthusiasts around the world to achieve their personal best. To create value for our shareholders through the relentless improvement of everything we do. And to make a lasting impact on our communities through sport. These goals drive our team forward, inspiring us to advance our leadership position, innovate new concepts for our customers and reward our shareholders with increasing value.
As we move into 2014, we are confident that we have the strengths required to continue our progress. We have a leading brand, a powerful omni-channel platform and excellent vendor relationships. We have
a clear strategy that has already delivered results, and a strong and flexible balance sheet. Most important, we have a highly experienced management team, backed by talented and motivated associates who consistently work to make our corporate vision a reality.
Our associates are fundamental to our progress, and I’d like to thank them all for their hard work and dedication. I’d also like to thank our customers for their loyalty, and to express our gratitude to you—our shareholders—for your ongoing support of our vision and strategies. Rest assured that we are committed to rewarding your investment in DICK’S with continued growth and value.
Sincerely,
 Edward W. Stack
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 COMMITMENT TO GROWTH
2013
• Opened 40 new DICK’S Sporting Goods stores, an approximately eight percent growth rate
• Enhanced eCommerce platform
by expanding our ship-from-store capability, piloting buy-online, pick-up in-store, and optimizing our mobile site for tablet use
• Opened two Field & Stream specialty stores and laid plans to grow this chain to a total of approximately 55 locations by 2017
• Opened one new Golf Galaxy store
and repositioned one existing store, leveraging a new expanded store format to add a range of services and amenities
• Laid plans to expand distribution center in Georgia
2012
• Opened 38 new DICK’S Sporting Goods stores, an eight percent growth rate
• Enhanced eCommerce platform by launching a ship-from-store capability and a mobile application
• Purchased Field & Stream and Top Flite brands
• Opened a fourth distribution center in Arizona, increasing total network service capacity to 750 stores
2011
• Expanded store network, posting an eight percent growth rate
• Added new eCommerce functionality and set the stage to integrate this platform with brick-and-mortar stores in 2013
• Developed advanced inventory management technologies for launch in 2012
• Laid plans to open a fourth distribution center in Arizona
 DICK’S SPORTING GOODS // 2013 ANNUAL REPORT // 5
