DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
 
DICK’S has an enduring commitment to generating profitable long-term growth. Over
the years, we have demonstrated this by steadily expanding our operations, building our brand and driving our profitability through a range of market cycles. In 2014, we continued to grow, both in stores and online, despite challenges within our industry. As we move into 2015, we are focused on fueling long-term growth and strengthening our position as the leader in the sporting goods industry.
MANAGING MARKET SHIFTS
In 2014, we continued to demonstrate the value of our commitment to driving growth. During the year, two of our businesses, hunting and golf, experienced industry-wide sales declines. We responded with decisive measures to increase the profitability of these businesses and to accelerate performance within our other merchandise categories. We reallocated selling floor space, trimmed golf-related operational costs, and created new efficiencies within our DICK’S golf and Golf Galaxy businesses. As a result, we not only met the challenges of 2014, but we continued to grow, adding 46 new DICK’S stores and delivering a 2.4% increase in consolidated same store sales.
DRIVING OMNI-CHANNEL GROWTH
Our omni-channel distribution platform includes an extensive network of DICK’S stores and a rapidly growing eCommerce business. This platform is central to our success, and we are maximizing its potential by focusing on several growth drivers, including:
• Driving store traffic and productivity,
• Opening new stores in underpenetrated markets, and • Expanding our eCommerce business.
With 603 stores across 46 states, DICK’S is already the largest full-line sporting goods retailer in the U.S. Given the size of our network and the rapid growth of our eCommerce business, some investors have questioned why we continue to add new stores. The answer is simple – our sales data shows that growing both our stores and eCommerce business will enable us to capture greater market share than expanding our eCommerce business alone. We have
found that customers who shop both channels spend three times more than single-channel customers. Moreover, growth in one channel drives growth in the other: Approximately 80% of our online orders ship to customers within the trade area of a DICK’S store, and when we open a DICK’S store in a new market, our eCommerce sales in that market typically double.
Our stores are also vital to the overall strength of our omni-channel platform. In addition to delivering attractive unit economics, DICK’S stores serve as the “face” of our brand, enabling us to interact directly with athletes and local sports teams. Stores are also important to our vendor relationships. Our effective merchandising techniques bring brands to life, encouraging vendors to invest in our stores and partner with us to offer exclusive products. Our stores also enable us to provide services that set DICK’S apart from competitors, and they facilitate returns for eCommerce customers. A significant percentage of eCommerce returns are made in stores, underscoring the value of the integration between the two channels. Finally, stores enable us to offer delivery channels that reduce costs and drive inventory productivity, including ship-from- store and buy-online, pick-up in-store.
CAPITALIZING ON SIGNIFICANT MARKET SHARE OPPORTUNITY
Our research shows that there are still many attractive markets across the U.S. where we have few stores or none at all. This represents a significant opportunity for us to expand our store network and substantially increase our omni-channel sales over time. We are taking a measured approach to leveraging this potential by steadily opening new stores in select markets.
 // 3
BUILDING A SUCCESSFUL OMNI-CHANNEL NETWORK
• Opened 45 net new DICK’S stores
• Rolled out buy-online, pick-up in-store to all
DICK’S stores
• Invested to build our eCommerce platform
• Aired dedicated eCommerce commercial for holiday
• Launched new mobile app
• Continued to iterate on our mobile, tablet and desktop sites
All 603 DICK’S stores enabled for ship-from-store and buy-online, pick-up in-store
 
During 2014, we opened 46 new DICK’S stores, representing an approximately eight percent growth rate, and in 2015,
we plan to open approximately 45 new DICK’S stores. We continue to maintain disciplined store opening protocols,
as evidenced by our new store productivity rate of 94.7% for 2014. We also continue to focus on strengthening our existing store network. When a store lease comes up for renewal, we carefully review the market opportunity, applying the same in-depth analysis we devote to new stores. We then decide the best course of action for each location, whether it be renewing the lease, remodeling, relocating or closing. In 2014, we relocated five stores
to preferred locations, completed five remodels and closed one store.
DRIVING TRAFFIC AND PRODUCTIVITY
Most of our stores encompass approximately 50,000 square feet, giving us the space to offer a broad and deep selection of products, along with the flexibility to create seasonal merchandise displays that drive traffic. Our extensive assortment gives us a competitive advantage and helps insulate our business against a temporary downturn in any one area. We demonstrated the importance of this in 2014 by completing a strategic space reallocation to reflect the changing needs of our customers. This involved dedicating more square footage to categories that offer higher growth and higher margins, such as womens and youth athletic apparel, while shifting space away from lower growth and lower margin areas, like golf and fitness equipment.
As we continue to grow, we remain focused on measures
to increase productivity. We continually review and refine our assortments to ensure we are providing customers with a broad but meaningful choice of key products that allow
for an easy shopping experience. We also emphasize
a differentiated product selection, featuring items
from national brands, as well as our own private label merchandise. This approach not only sets us apart from competitors, it also protects us from a dependency on
any one vendor.
Our eCommerce business offers a significantly broader product assortment than our stores, including access to additional styles, colors and sizes. This channel also helps us to manage our inventory by using ship-from-store to make in-store inventory available to online shoppers, and by enabling direct shipment of certain products from our vendors to our customers.
EXPANDING OUR ECOMMERCE BUSINESS
Our eCommerce business is an important growth vehicle that has significantly outpaced the overall growth rate
of the online sporting goods market. During 2014, we continued to develop this business, expanding our online product assortment, rolling out our buy-online, pick-up in-store capability to all stores, launching a new mobile application, and leveraging our ship-from-store program. Our eCommerce business grew by approximately 28% during 2014, generating more than $625 million in sales and contributing 9.2% of our overall sales during the year, up from 7.9% in 2013.
We believe our eCommerce business has significant growth potential, and we are working to leverage this potential by executing a multi-phase program to take full control of this business. We have already completed the build-out of a new technology platform, and in the first quarter of 2015, we linked this platform to our GolfGalaxy.com business.
We will add a new Field & Stream eCommerce business
to our platform in Fall 2015, and we will link our DICK’S eCommerce business to it in January 2017. While this process requires a meaningful investment, it will yield significant long-term value by increasing our profitability and providing multiple strategic benefits. These include faster access to online data, greater control over development cycles, and a more rapid ability to test product and merchandising ideas. In addition, since our eCommerce businesses will share a single technology platform, we will be able to explore synergies across our entire retail network, positioning us to increase omni-channel profitability.
INVESTING IN STRATEGIC MARKETING
As we drive our growth, we are committed to investing in strategic marketing that embodies our brand and resonates with athletes. This includes developing thematic advertising campaigns that emphasize our commitment to sports and bring our business strategy to life. We take a multi-media approach to marketing that reflects the lifestyles of our customers by utilizing traditional outlets, as well as social and digital media. We also continue to leverage the vast amount of data we gather from our ScoreCard loyalty program to refine our marketing efforts. We further reinforce our brand by forging relevant sponsorships
that enable us to connect with the athletes we serve. In early 2015, we partnered with the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) to make DICK’S the Official Sporting Goods Retail Sponsor to the USOC and Team USA.
DEVELOPING OUR SPECIALTY RETAIL CONCEPTS
Another key facet of our business strategy is to develop our specialty retail concepts, including Field & Stream and Golf Galaxy. Field & Stream focuses on the estimated $34 billion1 market for outdoor equipment, including gear for hunting, fishing and camping. This is a highly fragmented market that
4 // DICK’S SPORTING GOODS // 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
 STRATEGIES FOR PROFITABLE GROWTH
DELIVER A COMPELLING OMNI-CHANNEL SHOPPING EXPERIENCE BY:
• Expanding our store network
• Enriching our eCommerce merchandise
assortment, content and capabilities
• Leveraging our store base by integrating our online presence with our stores
• Developing multi-faceted marketing campaigns that drive omni-channel loyalty

represents an excellent opportunity for DICK’S. Our company got its start as a bait-and-tackle store, and our heritage is firmly embedded in the outdoor category. As a result, our Field & Stream stores bring to bear more than six decades of outdoor experience, combined with an in-depth understanding of customer needs and excellent vendor relationships.
We are committed to using Field & Stream to become a dominant player in the specialty outdoor category, and we are pursuing this goal by continually refining our operations, while taking a measured approach to growth. During 2014, we opened eight new Field & Stream stores and in 2015, we plan to add approximately nine stores.
Our Golf Galaxy chain also remains an important part of our business. Though the golf industry is facing headwinds, we believe it will stabilize. As the largest golf retailer in the U.S., DICK’S is committed to this business, and Golf Galaxy offers us several advantages, including a meaningful market presence in the golf world, access to premium brands, insight into the needs of golf enthusiasts, scale with vendors and integration benefits with our DICK’S golf business.
DELIVERING SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
Since our inception, DICK’S has been committed to delivering profitable and sustainable growth. Over the years, this focus has generated consistent value for our shareholders, while making DICK’S the largest and most profitable publicly held full-line sporting goods retailer in the nation. The credit for our success belongs to our associates, and I would like to thank all of them for their loyalty and hard work. In particular,
I want to thank Joe Schmidt, our former President and Chief Operating Officer, who retired at the end of 2014. During his 24 years with DICK’S, Joe made countless contributions to our success, and we wish him the best in his future endeavors.
Our primary goal in delivering growth has always been to reward you— our shareholders—for your support. During 2014, we demonstrated this by repurchasing $200 million in shares under our five-year, up to $1 billion share repurchase program, bringing the total value of shares we have repurchased under this program to more than $455 million. We also paid more than $60 million in quarterly dividends during 2014, and in 2015, we increased our quarterly dividend payment by ten percent. In addition to demonstrating our commitment to shareholders, these measures underscore our ongoing confidence in DICK’S business outlook. As we move ahead, we will continue to focus on long-term growth, working to capture additional market share by expanding our omni-channel platform and driving productivity. In the process, we will strengthen our industry leadership position and continue to reward your loyalty with the strong and sustainable value you have come to expect.
Edward W. Stack
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
1 Source: U.S. Census data, Outdoor Industry Association data published every five years, and company estimates; core outdoor equipment market is defined as camping, watersports, hunting, fishing and trail sports, excluding specialized equipment such as motorized vehicles.
  COMMITMENT TO GROWTH
2014
• Opened 45 net new DICK’S Sporting Goods stores, an approximately eight percent growth rate
• Reallocated space within DICK’S stores towards high growth categories, including womens and youth athletic apparel
• Continued to enhance our eCommerce platform by increasing our ship-from- store penetration, rolling out buy-online, pick-up in-store to all DICK’S locations, and redesigning our mobile app
• Opened eight new Field & Stream specialty stores
2013
• Opened 40 new DICK’S Sporting Goods stores, an approximately eight percent growth rate
• Continued to enhance our eCommerce platform by expanding our ship-from- store capability, piloting buy-online, pick-up in-store, and optimizing our mobile site for tablet use
• Opened two Field & Stream specialty stores
• Laid plans to expand distribution center in Georgia
2012
• Opened 38 new DICK’S Sporting Goods stores, an eight percent growth rate
• Enhanced eCommerce platform by launching a ship-from-store capability and a mobile application
• Purchased Field & Stream and Top-Flite brands
• Opened a fourth distribution center in Arizona, increasing total network service capacity to 750 stores
DICK’S SPORTING GOODS // 2014 ANNUAL REPORT // 5
