tHe true atHlete is

de ar FelloW sHareHolders
Every sport has world-class athletes--individuals who are so skilled they are considered "untouchable" even by their leading competitors. It goes without saying that these athletes don't get to the top by accident. Rather, they work continuously to become the best and to remain the best, exhibiting a powerful combination of drive, skill, commitment and passion that others simply can't match.
Since our inception, Dick's has worked tirelessly to be an elite company. Our goal is not just to lead our industry, but to lead it by such a wide margin as to carve out a solid niche for ourselves at the top. Over the past two decades, this diligence has paid off, making us the undisputed industry leader, with the largest store network and the strongest profitability record of any publicly held full-line sporting goods retailer in the nation. In 2011, we continued to push forward, channeling our drive, skill, commitment and passion to deliver strong financial and operational performance, despite formidable challenges within our marketplace.

driven to aCHieve FinanCial exCellenCe
Athletic drive is based on the premise that delivering anything less than excellence is simply not an option. Since we were founded, we have applied this same principle to our business, earning a reputation for strict expense control and strong financial performance. In 2011, we upheld this reputation, posting an increase in consolidated non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of 24 percent to $2.02, exceeding our consolidated non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $1.63 for 2010. This increase was driven by several factors, including growth in our store network, a 2.0 percent improvement in consolidated same store sales compared with 2010, and operating margin improvement of 134 basis points. We opened 36 new Dick's Sporting Goods locations during the year while continuing to implement our store remodeling program. We also fortified our balance sheet, ending the year with $734 million in cash and cash equivalents and no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. In recognition of our robust financial platform, our Board declared our first annual cash dividend in 2011, creating an additional way for us to return value to our shareholders.

2

our mission:
To be recognized by our customers as the #1 sports and fitness specialty omni-channel retailer for all athletes and outdoor enthusiasts, through the relentless improvement of everything we do.

2011 results
perFormanCe
· Posted sales of $5.2 billion, an increase of 7.0 percent compared with 2010 · Drove non-GAAP operating margins up by 134 basis points compared with 2010 · Increased our non-GAAP earnings per share by 24 percent to $2.02 compared with 2010 · Strengthened our balance sheet and fortified our cash position · Declared annual cash dividend to reward shareholders

GroW tH
· Added 36 new Dick's Sporting Goods stores, posting an 8.1 percent growth rate · Remodeled 14 Dick's Sporting Goods stores · Expanded our eCommerce functionality, setting the stage for significant future growth · Laid plans to open a 600,000 square foot distribution center in 2013 that, when combined with our existing facilities, will enable us to support a total of approximately 750 stores

3

str ateGies For proFitable GroW tH
deliver a poWerFul omni-CHannel Customer experienCe bY:

sK illed in FuelinG tHe GroW tH oF our business
We delivered our 2011 results despite some notable business challenges, including persistent tough macroeconomic conditions and unpredictable weather patterns, which ranged from an extremely cold and wet spring that shortened the sports season in many regions, to an unseasonably warm winter that reduced the need for new cold weather apparel nationwide. Our ability to manage these challenges and still deliver sales and margin growth is the direct result of our progress in developing our three growth drivers: expanding our store network, building our eCommerce business and increasing our margins. We have developed a focused strategy for continuing to advance in each of these areas. On the store growth front, we plan to nearly double the size of our Dick's Sporting Goods chain over time, ultimately opening approximately 400 additional locations to yield a total of at least 900 stores nationwide. In 2011, we opened 36 new Dick's Sporting Goods stores, reflecting an 8.1 percent growth rate, and in 2012, we expect to expand at a slightly accelerated pace. In line with our commitment to quality growth, we continue to focus on careful site selection, productivity and profitability, as reflected in our fourth quarter 2011 new store productivity metric of 94 percent. We are continuing to build our eCommerce business with a focus on driving sales, promoting our brand and providing consumers with a seamless omni-channel shopping experience. To this end, we ramped up the execution of our eCommerce strategy in 2011, adding new content and capabilities that fueled profitability and increased sales by 36 percent compared with 2010. We are continuing to develop new functionality, including ship-from-store and in-store pick-up capabilities slated for launch in 2012 and 2013, respectively. As our eCommerce build-out gains traction, we expect this business to make a more meaningful contribution to earnings. Our final growth driver is to expand our margin rates by focusing on several margin accelerators, including inventory management, product mix and private brands. In 2011, we drove merchandise margins up 68 basis points, and we believe our continued focus on these accelerators will enable us to post double-digit operating margins within the next three years. Here are just a few of the opportunities we are leveraging:

Expanding our store network Building our eCommerce channel Integrating our online presence with our brickand-mortar locations

drive marGin GroW tH tHrouGH:

Inventory management
· Technology initiatives · Regionalization

Product mix
· High-margin product categories · Vendor relationships · Store enhancements

Private brand sales
· Build existing brands · Launch promising new brands

4

tHe true atHlete is

> We continue to INVENTORY MANAGEMENT -- manage our inventory per square foot through efficient product allocation and markdown protocols. In 2012, we will accelerate this effort by launching several advanced technological tools, including systems for price optimization, and merchandise sizing and packaging optimization, which will enable us to more closely correlate our inventory allocation decisions to the specific needs of each store. We also plan to open a new distribution center in 2013 that will allow us to stay ahead of the needs of our growing store network. > Our apparel and footwear PRODUCT MIX -- businesses typically deliver higher margins than our other businesses, and we leverage this advantage by developing in-store concepts to enhance the product mix in these segments. This includes adding exclusive specialty shops within our stores. At year-end 2011, we had 105 Nike Field House shops, 45 Under Armour All-American shops and three Under Armour Blue Chip shops in place, and we continue to add these venues in select stores. We also continue to derive value from our sharedservice footwear concept, which drives comp sales, average ticket prices and customer satisfaction. > Our private brands generate PRIVATE BRANDS -- higher margins, differentiate us among competitors and encourage customer loyalty. Today, private brands contribute approximately 15 percent of our total sales volume, and our goal is to increase this metric to approximately 20 percent. In 2011, we expanded our private brand portfolio by launching KÖPPEN in the outdoor area, Nickent golf, and Nishiki bikes, accessories and apparel. These brands have performed well, joining our existing private brands in fueling margins and driving traffic.

5

Committed to Exceptional Customer Service
Dick's began as a small bait-and-tackle shop with a commitment to providing exceptional service to every customer, every day. Though we have grown dramatically over the past two decades, we have diligently maintained our service commitment by consistently carrying authentic merchandise from the best brands, providing a selection of specialty services, and employing dedicated associates who share our passion for both sports and service excellence. In recent years, we have expanded our service commitment to encompass an omni-channel experience, which enables our customers to access Dick's products, services and insight through our extensive store network, as well as through our eCommerce site and our growing social media presence. As we continue to develop our sales channels, we are committed to ensuring that service excellence remains at the center of every customer interaction across our company.

Passionate About Our Mission
Since our inception, Dick's has been fully dedicated to the sporting goods industry-- maintaining the kind of laser focus on our business that great athletes dedicate to their sports. As a result, every decision we make is weighed against its ability to help us stay at the top of our game by delivering sustainable progress over the long term. This mindset has steeled us against the many challenges our industry has faced over the past few years as a result of our nation's uncertain political and economic environment. We have responded to these uncertainties by behaving like a world-class athlete--concentrating our efforts on improving the aspects of our business within our control. This has included tightening our financial discipline, strengthening our balance sheet, fueling our earnings, and developing our growth and margin drivers. As a result, we have consistently overcome business obstacles, refined our strategy and created value. In the process, our associates have demonstrated the rare combination of drive, skill, commitment and passion required to excel in our marketplace.

As we enter 2012, we remain grateful to our team of employees, who truly "live" the Dick's brand, and to our valued shareholders who faithfully support our mission. We also extend our appreciation to the many core athletes and outdoor enthusiasts who inspire us with an unwavering passion for their sports, and motivate us to deliver nothing short of excellence to every customer, in every season.

Edward W. Stack
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

6

