Letter to shareholders.

What's now, what's new, what's next.

2012 was an outstanding year for Delphi. We flawlessly launched over 800 new programs for our customers across the globe. We generated solid financial results in a fairly challenging macro environment. We further enhanced our position as a leading global automotive supplier through the acquisition of MVL, a manufacturer of automotive connectors. We expanded our presence in the China market with the opening of three new facilities. We were added to the S&P 500 index, a real nod to the confidence that Delphi has generated in the marketplace. These achievements did not come easily and are a testament to a team that is fully committed to pursuing excellence and maximizing shareholder value. As we start a new year, we are keenly focused on maintaining the outstanding operating execution and financial discipline needed to continue to exceed our shareholders' and customers' expectations. The Automotive Industry: Accelerating Change Over my career, I have seen the automobile industry change dramatically. As I look to the future, I see that change continuing at an even faster pace. It was just six years ago when the smartphone evolved into a virtual mobile media center. And in the last decade, greener and cleaner efficiency standards for vehicles accelerated globally as governments and automakers searched for ways to better protect the environment. Today, the demands to ensure zero accidents, the calls

for increased fuel economy and emission standards and the seamless integration of smartphones into vehicles have all pushed the industry towards products that are safe, green and connected. Delphi is all about solving our customers' problems. Last year, we invested $1.6 billion in engineering research in order to keep pace with demands by consumers, governments and our customers to provide a safer, greener and more connected driving experience. Our investment is paying off. Last year, we booked $26.3 billion of new business ­ $1.5 billion in the area of our active safety and MyFi products, which provide seamless connectivity while in your vehicle and also have the capacity to work hand-inhand with our active safety portfolio. As talk continues in the industry around the autonomous vehicles of the future, Delphi has been a participant in the largest field test ever of vehicle-tovehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure communication in Ann Arbor, Michigan. As part of this test, the U.S. government put 2,800 vehicles on the road for one year to observe the effectiveness of connected vehicle safety applications for reducing crashes. Delphi's advanced software and systems integration capability is a part of that study.

7

2012 Net Sales by Region (in US$ Billions)

5.3 1.0 6.4 2.8

North America South America Europe, Middle East, Africa Asia Pacific

5.3 1.0

6.4 2.8

In the area of emissions and fuel economy, we saw growing numbers of countries adopt uniform expectations for fuel economy and emissions. Delphi is well-positioned for this convergence of standards, with products like our gasoline direct injection technology, which has received rave reviews and is considered industry-leading for its low noise levels. Additionally, our diesel products are getting a great reception as our customers are awarding business that helps them comply with stricter standards. We anticipate even more growth as this convergence continues to take hold globally. What's Next I am more optimistic than I have ever been about the future of our company and how well we are positioned. For 2013, we will continue to shape the market with our innovation. Working with governments and our customers, we will add to an already great portfolio of advanced technologies and continue to strengthen our global footprint and execute flawlessly for our customers.
8

I am especially proud of the Delphi team for their commitment and accomplishments over the last year. We produced solid results. As we move into this new year, my objectives are clear: to flawlessly execute for our customers and create value for our shareholders. Best Regards,

Rodney O'Neal Chief Executive Officer and President

