Letter to shareholders.
The future. Our vision.
As I prepare to turn over the CEO role to a new leader, I can’t help but be proud of what we’ve accomplished over these past several years. We have created a culture of excellence, fostered by passionate people who always push the envelope in terms of innovation and execution. Those fundamental values are the reason I came to work every day full of enthusiasm and confidence.
That confidence grew in 2014 as our momentum accelerated as we exceeded our goals.
That is best evidenced in our financial performance. Once again, our margins expanded and Delphi delivered double-digit EPS growth. We also were able to return more cash to shareholders by increasing our quarterly cash dividend payouts by 50 percent and executing $1 billion of
share repurchases.
In addition, Delphi’s revenue grew to $17 billion, an increase of 3 percent over 2013. Notably, that revenue was generated from an even more diverse geographic, product and customer mix. As a result of continued solid financial results, Delphi is now rated investment grade by all major rating agencies.
Our success is driven by our evolving product portfolio and global footprint.
With a continued focus on the Safe, Green and Connected automotive trends, Delphi is focused in the best growth markets where we are able to provide service to our customers wherever they may build.
Specific to our product pipeline, we invested more than $1.7 billion in engineering and development, completed two acquisitions in the high-growth connectors business, and established several
new partnerships. The result is a portfolio widely acknowledged as one that can define the future with transformative technology. Innovations, such as our Delphi Drive platform that enables autonomous driving, are grabbing the attention of customers, analysts and journalists around the world. The awards and accolades further bolster our confidence in the growing demand for safe and connected technologies.
To ensure Delphi leads the industry in advanced technologies, Delphi formed the Delphi Technology Advisory Council (DTAC). DTAC is a group of prominent global technology thought leaders who provide advice and insights to guide our product development strategy.
 10

 Operationally, we continued to evolve our global network, providing the agility and flexibility to deliver local customer service with global impact. Importantly, our focus on excellence continues to drive improved execution in quality, delivery and product launches.
Clearly Delphi is on the right path. Together our strategy, culture and performance position Delphi perfectly to withstand future challenges and achieve even greater success in the long term. As
for me and my time serving as your CEO, it has been a privilege and an honor. I leave here never having had a bad day. It was a journey and every step was worth taking. The company is in capable hands with the new leadership at the helm. Delphi will move forward from here.
Thank you for all of your support.
  Rodney O’Neal
Chief Executive Officer and President
11
