Letter to shareholders.
With the automotive industry at the forefront of the rapid transformation of mobility, 2016 brought an unprecedented amount of change. As a number of new technology companies enter the race to provide mobility solutions for transportation, I'm proud to report that Delphi is truly "Making it possible" with our market-relevant portfolio of safe, green and connected technologies that solve our customers' toughest challenges.
A strong year in a tough environment
While we faced a dynamic and at times, challenging macro environment in 2016, our strategy and strong execution delivered $16.7 billion in revenue and $2.2 billion of operating income. We generated close to $2 billion in cash from operations, while returning almost $1 billion to shareholders through dividend payments and stock repurchases. We continued to diversify our customer base, with $26 billion in new business awards and made inroads with some of the fastest growing non-traditional mobility players. During the year we benefitted from the strength and flexibility of our operating model. Whether it was earthquakes and floods or rapidly changing production schedules, our teams responded swiftly to deliver flawlessly for our customers. This solid operating performance was a testament to our culture of accountability and excellence. In 2016, the management team worked to make our cost structure leaner and more flexible. At the same time, we invested in our future by executing more than one thousand new program launches, doubling the size of our Silicon Valley development center and ControlTec footprints, and adding over one thousand new engineers. Additionally, we continued to strengthen our competitive position with strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. This includes the recent seamless integration of Ottomatika, PureDepth, Control-Tec and HellermannTyton. Our partnership with Mobileye is focused on delivering a turnkey, fully autonomous driving system for customers in 2019.

10

A strong company moving ahead
"Making it possible" remains our steadfast commitment and we have the capabilities and determination to do it. Backed by the most relevant and competitive portfolios of advanced technologies in the industry, Delphi employees around the world are innovating and executing with excellence each and every day. Delphi's advanced technology solutions continue to help the world get closer to zero fatalities, zero emissions and seamless connectivity. We continue to develop new market-relevant technologies that enable new mobility solutions, while at the same time, aggressively expanding our capabilities in software development, systems integration, and data analytics. Delphi remains relentless in improving our operations to stay as lean and flexible as possible. We are also committed to improving the world through our products and people. To learn more about these efforts, I encourage you to read our corporate social responsibility report and follow our progress in how we are making a meaningful difference. On behalf of my Delphi colleagues around the world, thank you for your continued support. Together, we see a great future ahead as we work to make the transformation of mobility possible.

Kevin P. Clark President and Chief Executive Officer

11

