The future. Our vision.
As I take the reins as president and CEO of our company, Delphi is well-positioned for its next chapter. Under Rodney O'Neal's leadership, a broad transformation of our business has taken place. His visionary, pragmatic leadership created a legacy of focus and determination that will serve us well in the future. We thank him for his commitment and his many years of service to our company. Our 2014 performance gives us confidence in our plan and our approach to business. Delphi generated gross business bookings in excess of $25 billion, based on expected volumes and pricing. In addition, we generated $2.1 billion in cash from operations and net income of $1.4 billion. In 2015 and beyond, Delphi will be driven forward by the same strategy that brought us this far: bringing to market innovative new products that are executed flawlessly to drive growth and profitability; expanding margins by optimizing our cost structure and capitalizing on our scale, global footprint and established position in emerging markets; and an unwavering commitment to increased shareholder returns by growing cash flow and the prudent allocation of capital. We will continue our track-record of creating industry-leading shareholder value by delivering globally relevant solutions that capitalize on the megatrends of safe, green and connected. Accelerating the progress we've made, we will cultivate an even higher level of innovation, collaboration and excellence throughout our global enterprise. We will innovate not only within product development, but within every part of our operation, in all that we do. Collaboration will be the basis for how we cultivate game-changing ideas and inventions ­ collaborating with each other, our customers and outside parties to challenge ourselves to think differently. And excellence is simply how we will operate. It's what our customers expect and what we demand of ourselves. Excellence is our non-negotiable standard that drives our performance culture. Everything we do will be done within the context of our core values: ethics and integrity; health and safety; respect for all people; and social responsibility. We have made tremendous progress over the past several years. And the entire senior leadership team and the Board of Directors know we have much more that can be achieved. This coming year presents a broad array of both challenges and opportunities, as the automotive industry experiences a significant degree of variation by global region. Delphi's people have consistently risen to the challenges of a changing marketplace and they have delivered beyond expectations. As a global enterprise, we are ready for the road ahead, as we lead Delphi into its next great chapter.

Letter to shareholders.

Kevin P. Clark Chief Operating Officer
12

