FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
2006 was a transformational foundation year for Deluxe. We are in the early stages of executing a multi-year plan to deliver greater value to our customers and investors. We are fundamentally changing our operating model to focus first at the enterprise level, aggressively aligning and reducing costs, while at the same time investing in new revenue generating opportunities across our segments. At the foundation, we remain focused on our strong heritage around customers, brands and values. We established a framework around what we do best--integrated marketing, printing capabilities and managing relationships, not only with financial institutions (FIs), but also with small businesses. We reorganized our company to better leverage what we believe is a "sweet spot" opportunity between FIs and small businesses. This led us to make compelling changes to our go-to-market sales and marketing strategy as well as fulfillment and shared services infrastructure. We established five key operating principles, including execution, clear accountability, simplicity, speed in decision-making, and a sense of urgency for change, as guideposts for our transformation. After completing a comprehensive benchmarking analysis, we committed to making tough decisions to significantly reduce our cost structure. We developed a ten-quarter plan that would deliver $150 million of annualized cost savings, net of investment, by the end of 2008. We made strategic acquisitions and also divested businesses and facilities that were no longer strategic. In short, we repositioned every function of our business and became riveted on one enterprise, one purpose, one Deluxe, with our eyes on one future. This focus and execution allowed us to finish 2006 strong, and we are excited about our momentum heading into 2007.

WHAT DOES ONE DELUXE MEAN?
We have successfully served our customers operating as three independent business units, but as the marketplace changes, this approach is becoming less effective. Declining check usage, changing small business needs, and consolidation among FIs are just a few of the challenges we face. The changing landscape has been a wake-up call for us. We carefully examined our business and realized we have a "game-changing" opportunity to become more relevant to our customers and grow our business by approaching opportunities from a single enterprise view. As one Deluxe, we can tap into our collective strength by combining our history of strong brands and relationships with FIs with our insights into small businesses. The intersection between FIs and small businesses is where we see our advantage and where we will grow. This is the root of our Deluxe Enterprise Strategic Model and it allows us to simplify our business while keeping customer needs in mind. Our commitment to the Deluxe Enterprise Strategic Model led to a new go-to-market strategy and to a new structure to support execution. We aligned our FI and small business functions to leverage growth opportunities where these customers intersect, allowing us to streamline our cost structure so that we are using best practices, sharing data and research more effectively, as well as using our sales force more

efficiently. We also believe that Direct Checks has leverage capabilities in delivering more of our collective enterprise offers directly to consumers and can be a tremendous incubator for new products and services across our segments. We also made good progress in reducing costs by combining manufacturing and supply chain into one integrated fulfillment model. This new approach not only provides visibility and accountability from order through delivery, but also gets us closer to our customers and empowers us to sell more for less cost. In Information Technology (IT), we made progress by lowering data center costs, improving mainframe and server utilization, reducing networking and voice communications costs, and improving our partnering with key third-party providers. Going forward, we will organize around two high-level functional areas, Relationship Management and Technology Services, to better strategically deliver IT services. Finance realigned to support our new structure and is now better organized to provide proactive analytics, reporting and decision support and will outsource additional transaction processing functions, and increase efficiencies while, again, ensuring we maintain strong internal controls and processes already in place.

Human Resources realigned to support sites instead of businesses, eliminating duplicative functions to provide better local support. We plan to continue to strengthen our processes around attracting and retaining talent and to ensure benefit structures are in line with competitive benchmarks. As a result of the efficiencies in the new go-to-market strategy and redefined fulfillment and shared services infrastructure, we were successful in achieving approximately 10 percent of the $150 million cost reductions in 2006. This achievement put us ahead of our original expectation and we are positioned to take out another 50 to 55 percent of the total goal in 2007. We met our company-wide financial goals in the last two quarters of 2006 including improving cash flow from operations by $61 million from 2005.

Financial Services (FS)
FS revenue declined 15 percent in 2006. This was a slower rate of decline than in 2005, and we ended the year with only single-digit, year over year declines by the fourth quarter of 2006 because of record retention and strong new acquisition rates. Our focus in 2007 is on continuing to retain core check revenue, acquiring new customers, simplifying our business model, providing customer acquisition and loyalty solutions, and delivering fraud and security products and services that differentiate us from competitors and make us a more relevant business partner to our FI clients. Some examples include our Welcome HomeSM Tool Kit, DeluxeCalling SM and Deluxe ID TheftBlock®, which are all new loyalty, retention, and monitoring and protection service offers that enable FIs to forge stronger bonds with their customers. Direct Checks Direct Checks revenue declined 14 percent in 2006, however, we continue to be the nation's leading direct-to-consumer check supplier and our operating income remains strong. We also made the strategic decision to invest modestly in free-standing insert advertising, which we believe is a proven form of new customer acquisition. For 2007, our focus is on recapturing share from our increased advertising spend, acquiring and retaining customers, and maximizing the lifetime value of our customers by selling new features and accessories. An example of a new feature we introduced in the fourth quarter of 2006 is EZShieldTM, a fraud protection service that provides relief to consumers for forgery and altered checks.

businesses; convenience matters more and more; the rise of experiential retailers recalibrates our expectations; and, there is less trust in traditional institutions. Our continued reinvention starts with a shift in how consumers view us in relation to the financial services market. The transformational steps we took in 2006 provide the foundation to help our FI and small business partners so we can create more affinity and loyalty, more differentiation and innovation, and increased wallet share. We are more than 90 years strong and are simply the best at what we do. Our call centers rank among the best of all call centers nationwide. We serve more than six million small business customers in North America today. We handle more than 20 million calls annually, and in 2006 we created and deployed well over three billion pieces of marketing collateral. We are creating new partnerships with world-class thought leaders in marketing, research and consumer insights including The Gallup Organization, Harris Interactive and Copernicus. We created a retail advisory board and pioneered a collaborative process focused on delivering innovative new solutions. Our Collaborative brings together a team of leading FI executives that meet with us over the course of a year to develop and test specific, focused solutions on behalf of the financial services industry. In early 2007, the Collaborative explored and identified innovative ways for FI clients to improve their relationships with small businesses, again helping us better leverage our expertise in this intersecting space. Based on the shared knowledge of the Collaborative, we developed new strategies and services that we will bring to the broader marketplace starting in 2007. We are excited about the strength of the Collaborative not only from a relationship perspective, but also because it helps us deliver products and services that differentiate us from

ONE DELUXE, THREE CUSTOMER SEGMENTS
In 2007, we plan to further our transformational journey from simply maintaining a leadership position in check printing to adding more customer-facing solutions. Growing revenue, improving operating performance, and improving service performance are three of our key objectives. With our newly realigned structure, we are focused on continuing to improve near-term results while, at the same time, positioning Deluxe for long-term success. We understand that new alignment models and cost reductions alone are not enough. We must continuously leverage the power of one Deluxe while at the same time improving our operating performance in each of our segments.

Small Business Services (SBS)
SBS revenue grew four percent, and operating income improved throughout 2006, with the last two quarters reporting solid double-digit performance as a percent of revenue. Our focus in 2007 is on profitable growth by consolidating brands, leveraging crossselling opportunities, improving our share of wallet, gaining share through new customers, and focusing on faster growing solutions. Our acquisition of the Johnson Group, which allows us to expand in the custom, full-color digital and webto-print space, is a great example of our focus on faster growing solutions. We also are focused on divesting products that are not strategic, such as our recent divestiture of the industrial packaging product line, allowing us to shift our focus from low-performing products to ones that move the needle more quickly.

ONE VISION FOR THE FUTURE
As we continue our transformation to becoming a solutions provider, we believe we need to view our business in the context of broader societal trends. The internet continues to steal face time from service

EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM
the competition and offset some of the decline in check usage and pricing pressures we are experiencing. We are also excited about our new direction and the "sweet spot" bringing together FIs and small businesses and we look forward to becoming the most trusted, most valued partner for our customers, the model by which all others are judged. Our executive leadership team draws on the skills and experience of tenured members, new members from within our ranks and new members from outside the organization. We are confident this is the right combination of talent and perspective to drive our strategy and engage our team for success in 2007 and beyond.

Lee J. Schram Chief Executive Officer Joined Deluxe in 2006

ONE TEAM
Deluxe has a long, proud heritage and the entire Deluxe team has played an important role in our progress thus far. It is through their ideas, hard work, and dedication that we have established a solid foundation in 2006. It will be through their continued tenacity, resolve and passion that we will accomplish more in 2007 through our focus on "One Deluxe, One Future." We believe that our best days are ahead of us as we are on a path back toward greatness. We have a solid foundation in place, we are achieving milestones, our vision for the future is directly tied to our objectives, and we are working diligently to transform the company. We look forward to continuing our progress in 2007 and remain committed to delivering value to our investors.

Michael L. Degeneffe Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer Joined Deluxe in 2006

Richard S. Greene Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Joined Deluxe in 2006

Anthony C. Scarfone Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Joined Deluxe in 2000

Jeffrey D. Stoner Senior Vice President, Human Resources Joined Deluxe in 2003

Lee Schram Chief Executive Officer

Luann E. Widener Senior Vice President, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer for Financial Institutions and Small Businesses Joined Deluxe in 1977

Leanne E. Branham Vice President, Fulfillment Joined Deluxe in 1987

Lynn R. Koldenhoven Vice President, Sales and Marketing Direct-to-Consumer Joined Deluxe in 1991

Terry D. Peterson Vice President, Investor Relations and Chief Accounting Officer Joined Deluxe in 2004

REVENUE
(IN BILLIONS)

OPERATING CASH FLOW FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
(IN MILLIONS)

DILUTED EPS FROM C O N T I N U I N G O P E R AT I O N S

