Fellow Shareholders,
Deluxe grew revenue in 2014 for the fifth consecutive year for the first time in 18 years. The stock price also set an all-time record high. We continued to stabilize our core check and product businesses while selling innovative high-security features and improved our mix of faster growing marketing solutions and other services revenues to 26 percent of total revenue. We acquired Wausau Financial Systems and Gift Box to expand opportunities in higher growth marketing solutions and other services. We also continued to accelerate our brand transformation. In addition to our strong print leadership, we continued to invest in our employment brand, in digital technology, in extending our sales channel reach, and in our communities. We ended the year with nearly 4.6 million small business customers of which approximately 25 percent are marketing solutions and other services customers and we served approximately 5,600 financial institutions. Our intense focus on cost reductions has now delivered enterprise-wide savings of $550 million since mid-2006. In 2014, we continued to improve efficiencies across the organization through process centralization, simplification, platform and tool consolidation and leveraging eCommerce capabilities. We also advanced our lean and spoilage reduction initiatives and improved our strategic supplier arrangements, among many other successful initiatives. We finished the year with more robust and innovative products and services; solidified processes; a better infrastructure; growing brand awareness; and improved financial results. Our operating cash flow grew for the sixth straight year, allowing us to raise our dividend and pay down debt, while further advancing our transformation by paying cash for acquisitions and other strategic investments. We recognize that there is still a tremendous amount of work to do, but we made great strides in 2014 and, in spite of what we expect will be a continued sluggish economy, the entire Deluxe team is committed to building on our progress.

Celebrating 100 Years
As we enter 2015, our primary focus continues to be profitable revenue growth and increasing the mix of marketing solutions and other services revenues. This year, we will also be celebrating our 100-year company anniversary with plans to recognize our heritage and focus on our future. Deluxe has been a steady partner to our clients over the years, ensuring financial institutions, small businesses, and consumers have the products and services they need to compete and thrive in an ever-changing marketplace. Deluxe found its niche in inventiveness to survive and thrive through depressions, recessions, world wars, and a technological revolution. As we look toward the next 100 years, we are poised for continued growth as we aim for profitable revenue growth in 2015 for a sixth consecutive year. The lynchpin of our 100-year anniversary is something we are calling the Small Business Revolution. We will be telling the stories of 100 small businesses from across the country with the goal of driving more people to support and get into small business, and positioning Deluxe as champions supporting them and the American dream. Through the Small Business Revolution platform, we will share 12 mini-documentaries and 88 photo essays of unique and special businesses, rolling these out monthly throughout the year. We will be sharing this great effort with the general public through social media, news outlets and word-of-mouth advertising. The businesses featured will be invited and encouraged to share their stories with their customers, friends and family. We truly believe that this will start a small business revolution. Smallbusinessrevolution.org

Small Business Services
Revenue grew over 7% in 2014. Double-digit growth in marketing solutions and other services revenues more than offset declines in our core small business products. We enhanced our Internet presence, increased average order value and conversion rates, won many new wholesale and major account customers, and ended the year with

approximately 837,000 web-hosting customers. Our 2015 focus is on accelerating our brand transformation and significantly improving overall market awareness while institutionalizing our brand promise for our customers, delivering an effective end-to-end integrated technology customer experience, effectively acquiring and retaining customers, and optimizing sales channel effectiveness and channel marketing capabilities.

We believe these product mix changes will continue to position Deluxe to profitably grow, which will attract additional investors and result in a higher stock multiple and price. We believe we are well positioned entering 2015 for our sixth consecutive year of revenue growth. Despite the sluggish economy, our financial discipline has enabled us to invest in people, technology, products, services, and our brand in order to position ourselves for sustainable revenue growth, while continuing to improve profitability and operating cash flow. We know it is critical for us to be able to grow revenue again in 2015 and improve the mix of our marketing solutions and other services revenue, and we are well positioned to make this happen. In closing, my continued sincere thanks again to all Deluxers for your unwavering enthusiasm and dedication, to our customers for your loyalty and trust, to our partners for your engagement and commitment, and to our shareholders for your support and confidence. We believe through the continued hard work, determination, and engagement of our employees, partners, and customers, we will create continued value for our shareholders.

Financial Services
Revenue grew over 7% in 2014. The continued shift to electronic payments, banking industry regulatory uncertainty, and the economy, all negatively impacted the segment in spite of our continued strong retention and new customer acquisition rates. We on-boarded Zions Bank in September 2014. We made significant progress in advancing marketing solutions and other services with customer acquisition offerings, including targeting and campaign services, account activation, retention, rewards and loyalty, and fraud, security, and other risk management offers. In addition, we added commercial and treasury service offers through our Wausau Financial Systems acquisition. Our 2015 focus is on gaining share in core check revenue, simplifying our business model, and growing, including extending our marketing solutions and other services offers for financial institutions.

Direct Checks
Revenue declined almost 8% in 2014 due to lower consumer check purchases in a continued sluggish economy. We continue to be the nation's leading direct-to-consumer check supplier. We made progress in creating an integrated best-in-class direct-to-consumer check experience by consolidating both call center and fulfillment operations, while scaling revenue through effective call center selling and customer services capabilities. For 2015, we expect to continue work to create a best-in-class direct-to-consumer check experience. Our focus is on maximizing operating cash flow and the lifetime value of our customers by selling checks and additional features and accessories. We expect to reduce our manufacturing costs and lower selling, general and administrative expenses and drive strong operating margins while generating strong cash flow. Lee Schram Chief Executive Officer

Poised for Continued Sustainable Revenue Growth
In Small Business Services, we are growing beyond core products that help a small business owner operate their business into a broad set of integrated marketing solutions and other services that help small businesses brand, promote, and sell their products and services. In Financial Services, we are growing beyond checks into a broad set of solutions that help financial institutions acquire and retain customers, protect themselves and consumers, and run commercial and treasury operations. Our technologies and channels are stronger, our digital technology services are more mature, our infrastructure better, and our management talent deeper and aligned to grow revenue. We have developed a strong platform for long-term growth with the objective of transforming Deluxe to more of a growth services provider from primarily a check printer.

