Fellow Shareholders,

> In spite of the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression, we prudently managed your company in 2009 through process improvements, cost reductions, and disciplined capital deployment while generating strong operating cash flow. At the same time, we invested in future revenue growth areas as we continued to transform Deluxe and execute our turnaround plan. These investments included organic initiatives like e-commerce, Web services, e-mail marketing, loyalty, retention, and fraud and security offerings. We acquired MerchEngines and Aplus.net to expand opportunities in higher growth business services.
touch points through an improved mix of paper catalog and online marketing. We made meaningful technology investments in digital printing and flat check packaging and simplified our fulfillment footprint. In shared services infrastructure, we significantly reduced costs and improved the effectiveness of information technology, finance, human resources, real estate, and legal functions. Our cost reduction initiatives have now expanded to $325 million. We exited the year with more robust products and services, solidified processes, a better infrastructure, and improved financial results. We recognize that there is still a great deal of work to do, but we made significant progress in 2009 and, in spite of what we expect will be a continued challenging economy, we are excited about our momentum heading into 2010.

> We also continued to reposition our brand. We revamped our marketing media customer

> As we enter 2010, we will not take our eyes off cost reduction and process improvement initiatives, but we will shift our primary focus to revenue expansion. By strengthening our technology and analytics through best-in-class partnerships with Adobe Systems Incorporated, Omniture, Tealeaf Technology, Inc. and others, on top of our improved market intelligence, we are gaining better customer insights into small businesses, financial institutions, and consumers. Deluxe is now more capable of helping small businesses get and keep customers and helping small to mid-sized financial institutions grow core deposits. These customer insights are propelling us forward as we play in exciting new spaces and continue to transform Deluxe. > Our portfolio is becoming better positioned to deliver sustainable future revenue growth as the broader economy recovers. It starts with stabilizing and gaining share in our core check businesses, then helping financial institutions expand core deposits with loyalty, retention, analytics-driven deposit acquisition, and rewards checking offers. It includes enhancing our Internet capabilities, improving customer segmentation, and adding new small business customers. Finally, the most significant growth opportunity is new business services including Web and hosting services, logo design, search engine marketing, payroll, fraud and security, and business networking services.

Customer insights propel revenue growth

Customer knowledge is power

2010 Strategic Priorities
We believe small businesses will drive the economic recovery. Deluxe is poised to benefit from our dual focus on understanding small businesses and their customers while helping small to mid-sized financial institutions grow and retain their customers.

We will continue to assess potential small to medium-sized acquisitions that complement our large customer bases with a focus on new business services and products and services aimed at helping financial institutions grow their core deposits.

> SBS revenues declined almost 8% as a weak economy had a significant impact on our largest segment. We enhanced our Internet presence and increased visitor traffic while conversion rates and average order values remained strong. We acquired two companies that better position us for revenue growth in new business services. Our 2010 focus in core small business products is on acquiring new customers, increasing our share of wallet through our enhanced ShopDeluxe e-commerce site, and improving segmentation. We will improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our inbound, outbound, and online customer touch points to maximize revenue scale capability. In new business services, we expect to gain new customers through our Hostopia telco-focused wholesale model, add services for our Aplus.net customers, add e-mail marketing customers, continue to roll out MerchEngines offers, and add logo and business networking customers and ad sales. We also will look for opportunities to add more business services on our unified technology platform. > FS revenues declined about 8% in 2009 as the shift to electronic payments, banking industry turmoil, and the economy all negatively impacted check units in spite of our continued record retention rates and strong new acquisition rates. We continued to simplify our processes and take complexity out of the business while reducing our cost and expense structure. We made progress in advancing new non-check revenue expansion opportunities. Our 2010 focus is on gaining share in core check revenue, simplifying our business model, and completing our automated flat check packaging technology implementation, as well as focusing on how we help financial institutions grow core deposits. This includes providing loyalty, retention, fraud and security, market intelligence, analytics-driven deposit acquisition, and rewards checking offers that differentiate us from competitors and that make us a more relevant business partner to our financial institution clients.
Financial Services (FS)

Small Business Services (SBS)

> Direct Checks revenue declined 13% in 2009 as the weak economy had a negative impact on our consumers' check purchases. We continue to be the nation's leading direct-toconsumer check supplier, and our operating income profile improved. For 2010, we expect an improvement in the rate of revenue decline driven by consumer usage reductions in a weak economy, but improved re-order curves. Our focus is on maximizing operating cash flow and the lifetime value of our customers by selling additional features and accessories. We expect to reduce our manufacturing costs and lower selling, general and administrative expenses and drive our operating margins to the mid-30% range while generating strong cash flow. > We believe that small businesses will drive the economic recovery. Deluxe is poised to benefit from our dual focus on understanding small businesses and their customers while helping small to mid-size financial institutions grow and retain their customers. More and more of our small businesses and financial institutions are starting to see us as their indispensable partner in helping them get and keep customers. We know when, where, why, and how our customers use products, services, and technology. Our scalable, unified, Web-enabled platform is the cornerstone of our strategy, and our improved analytics drive better customer insights, communities, and connections. Our focus is on providing simple, easy-to-use, innovative solutions that fulfill customer needs while using continuous improvement principles to operate with a focused sense of urgency on a daily basis. > In closing, my sincere thanks again to all the people of Deluxe for your unwavering enthusiasm and dedication, to our customers for your loyalty and trust, to our partners for your engagement and commitment, and to our shareholders for your support and confidence in our transformational journey. > We believe Deluxe continues to demonstrate its value as a disciplined and stable company in these challenging economic times. To use a sports analogy, we are starting to play offense through positive strategic moves that reposition us for sustainable longerterm growth, while continuing to improve profitability and operating cash flow. We know that if we work closely with our customers and execute well, we will create value for our shareholders.
Deluxe at the forefront

Direct Checks

Lee Schram Chief Executive Officer

