   ÇRed Means FocusÈ
 Red Means Go. It is our mantra.
Our rallying cry. It is the core belief that is driving us to become the best at helping small businesses and financial institutions grow.The new Deluxe
is operating with a focused sense of urgency. Red Means Go equals results.
Fellow Shareholders,
> 2008 was clearly the most challenging business environment of our lifetimes. We entered the year in the middle stages of executing our multi-year plan to transform Deluxe from simply a check printer to a growth engine for small businesses
and financial institutions. As the year unfolded,
the weakening economy and financial crisis drove us to take a step back and focus on basic blocking and tackling in our core check businesses and to challenge ourselves to more aggressively reduce costs and expenses. The result is that we have now expanded our cost reduction initiative to $300 million.
We acquired Logo Mojo , Hostopia¨ and PartnerUp¨ to expand opportunities in higher growth business services.
We also worked hard to reposition and advance our Deluxe brand.
> At the same time, we invested in our future with progress in many organic revenue growth initiatives, including e-commerce Ñ where we dramatically grew site visitors in the last half of the year Ñ along with loyalty, retention, payroll services, and fraud and security offerings. We acquired Logo Mojo¨, Hostopia¨ and PartnerUp¨ to expand opportunities in higher growth business services. We also worked hard to advance and positively reposition our brand. We realigned our sales and marketing operations and refined our channel management structure. We made meaningful progress in manufacturing lean productivity improvements and in positioning a simplified fulfillment structure for the future.
In shared services infrastructure, we significantly reduced costs and improved the effectiveness
of our information technology, finance, human resources, real estate and legal functions.
> We exited the year with strong spending controls, solidified processes, a leaner infra- structure, a disciplined approach to deploying capital, and a focus on operating cash flows that allowed us to manage through a tough year. We are prudently managing our company, closely monitoring the small business and financial institution markets, and focusing on strong free cash flow generation. We are investing and growing in exciting new spaces as we continue to transform Deluxe and steadfastly execute on our turnaround plan. We recognize there is still a great deal of work to do, but we made significant progress in 2008 and, despite a very challenging economy, we are excited about our momentum heading into 2009.
Red Means Speed
> In these difficult economic times, we know it will be more challenging to grow revenue in 2009. However, we believe that our portfolio is becoming better positioned to deliver sustainable future revenue growth as the broader economy recovers.
> It starts with stabilizing the rate of decline in our core check businesses, then adding existing organic initiatives such as enhanced e-commerce, loyalty, retention, and fraud and security offers. It includes growing business services such as payroll services, logo design, Web hosting and business networking services. We will continue assessing potential tuck-in acquisitions that complement our large customer bases, with a focus on business services and new product and service offerings aimed at helping financial institutions grow their core deposits. At the same time, we are broadening our risk management framework, instituting even more disciplined spending controls and focusing on the strength of our balance sheet.
> We are targeting five key areas for 2009 to sharpen our focus and align key leaders and capabilities.
> Financial institutions: maintaining our core check capabilities plus growing services related to helping financial institutions expand core deposits
> Direct-to-consumer: optimizing cash flow
> Small business: growing core business product revenue by enhancing our e-commerce capabilities and improving our customer segment focus
> Higher growth business services: growing logo design, payroll services, business networking, Web hosting and other Web services
> Cost reductions and simplification: continuing the solid work underway as part of our expanded $300 million cost reduction initiative
> Finally, we are committed to building a high- performance organization with a unified team of leaders and a strong outside-in and customer focus. We are driving a culture based on candor and a focused sense of urgency. All these behaviors are captured in our ÒRed Means GoÓ theme. Deluxe
is becoming all about focused velocity. Not activity for the sake of activity, but focused speed and measurable results in a company committed to changing and transforming. All these leverage the power of One Deluxe and allow us to improve performance in each of our segments.
Small Business Services Revenues declined almost 8% as the weakened economy had a significant impact on our largest segment. We launched ShopDeluxe.com, our new integrated e-commerce store, and finished the year with 50% of our products and services on a single platform. We acquired three companies that better position us for revenue growth in logo design, Web services and business networking services.
> Our focus in 2009 is on acquiring new customers and increasing our share of wallet
 ¨
      
     through enhanced e-commerce capabilities and an improved small business customer segment focus.
We will further refine ShopDeluxe.com, link it directly to an enhanced Deluxe.com and improve usability. By the end of 2009, we will offer approximately 90% of our products and services from one Web site and will start retiring multiple legacy platforms. These moves will allow us to better cross sell, simplify the ordering process and better position our brand.
> In our new business service offierings, we will continue integrating our logo design, Web services and business networking services acquisitions. We expect strong double-digit revenue growth. We also will be looking for opportunities to add more business services to our unified technology platform.
Financial Services Revenues declined 6%
in 2008. The banking turmoil had an impact
on check units during the second half of the year despite our continued record retention rates and strong new acquisition rates. We continued to simplify our processes and take complexity out of the business, while reducing our cost and expense structure. We made progress in advancing new non-check revenue expansion opportunities in the loyalty, retention, fraud and security spaces.
> Our 2009 focus is on continuing to maintain core check revenue, acquiring new customers and simplifying our business model, as well as focusing on how we help financial institutions grow core deposits. This includes providing loyalty, retention, fraud and security, market intelligence, and other products and services that differentiate us from competitors and make us a more relevant business partner for our financial institution clients.
Direct Checks Revenues declined almost 11% in 2008 as the weakened economy negatively affected consumer check purchases. We continue to be the nationÕs leading direct-to-consumer check supplier, and our operating income profile remained very
strong. For 2009, we expect the double-digit declines in revenue to continue, driven by consumer usage reductions in a weak economy. Our focus is on maximizing operating cash flow and the lifetime value of our customers by selling new features and accessories. We expect to reduce our manufacturing costs and our selling, general and administrative expenses in this segment. We expect these moves to help maintatin our profitability profile within one to two points of a 30% operating margin, while generating strong cash flow.
Red Means Growth
> With such exciting opportunities in our business segments, we are forging ahead with the next steps in our transformation. We are striving to be viewed as an indispensable partner to our customers by offering high-quality, personalized, easy-to-use solutions Ñ previously thought to be out of reach Ñ and making them more accessible and affordable than ever before.
Deluxe will provide innovative, easy-to-use solutions focused on fulfilling customer needs, while using continuous improvement principles to operate with a focused sense of urgency every day.
pull-through for printed products. Our objective is to drive a greater portion of revenue from annuity- based services and to be positioned to provide value differentiation for our customers with market intelligence, collaboratives and private-labeled business networks to improve customer connections, loyalty and retention. In the end, we will provide simple, easy-to-use, innovative solutions focused on fulfilling customer needs while using continuous improvement principles to operate with a focused sense of urgency every day.
> In closing, my sincere thanks to all the people of Deluxe for your unwavering enthusiasm and dedication, to our customers for your loyalty and trust, to our partners for your engagement and commitment, and to our shareholders for your support of and confidence in our transformational journey.
> 2009 will be a year of continued repositioning for Deluxe as we take another positive step in becoming a great company again. We are focusing on our customers and expecting more meaningful revenue contributions from e-commerce, our
new business services and non-check financial institution offerings Ñ while not taking our eyes off costs. We believe Deluxe has demonstrated
its value as a disciplined and stable company in these challenging economic times. We are making positive strategic moves to reposition ourselves for sustainable long-term growth, while continuing to improve profitability and sustain strong operating cash flow. We know that if we execute well, we will create value for our shareholders.
2009 Strategic Priorities
>> Growing services to help financial institutions expand core deposits
>> Enhancing small business e-commerce capabilities and improving customer segment focus
>> Growing logo design, business networking, Web hosting and other Web services
    > Our growth will come from fulfilling
underserved needs in higher-growth business
services and from helping financial institutions
grow core deposits. We are focused on our products
and services being well integrated into small business
and financial institution workflows. We will use
a scaleable, unified, Web-enabled platform as a Lee Schram
cornerstone of our strategy to better position a Chief Executive Officer
 velocity
 