Dear Shareholders
Pick up almost any annual report, and the letter to shareholders is likely to be from the same person who led the company during the previous year. That is not the case with this letter, given the retirement of my predecessor, Larry Mosner, in late 2005. The change in Deluxe's leadership is only part of the message this year. On a broader scale, the story is about a 90year-old company repositioning itself as its main product matures. It's a story about the time between "business as usual" and the desired end state. It's about transition.
was appointed to the board of directors that same year. As CEO, I will lead Deluxe during this time of transition. As with most transitions, this one has been--and probably will continue to be--characterized by hard work, challenges, learning experiences, and difficult decisions on our way to creating growth.

Transition ... a path to follow
The quote on the cover of this report is from William Bridges, a speaker, author, and consultant. We selected it because Deluxe is living these words. Our transition, thus far, has not been easy for employees, management, or shareholders. However, I believe the path we've designed for ourselves will lead to continued success in the future. Guiding us toward our desired outcome is this vision statement: Grow Deluxe by enabling our financial institution and small business customers to be more competitive. The board supports this vision, leadership supports it, and with Deluxe's talented and dedicated employees behind it, we are confident in our ability to navigate our Company successfully from a business in a mature market to a business that grows as it focuses on the needs of small businesses.

new business formations outpace small business failures.3 Within our Small Business Services segment, we are creating an organization that will: Let both established and new small businesses buy when, where, and how they want ... from experts who know their business, understand their needs, and can help simplify their business operations.

Let's start at the beginning.
It was mid-2004 when we acquired New England Business Service (NEBS). The ink was barely dry on the agreement when we began rolling out our integration plan. Our goal: Combine NEBS with Deluxe in a way that creates synergies, reduces redundancies and costs, and leverages the best of both organizations. While we will continue to gain efficiencies well into the future, we will wrap up the majority of our integration work later this year. A few months after the acquisition, Larry Mosner, Deluxe's chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) since 2000, announced his intent to retire. Upon Larry's retirement this past November, Stephen Nachtsheim became chairman of the board and I assumed the role of chief executive officer on an interim basis while the board continues the CEO search. While I'm new to the role of CEO, I'm hardly new to Deluxe. I joined the Company when it acquired Current, Inc. in 1988, served as president and chief operating officer since 2000, and

The three business segments: 2005 in review
Small Business Services (SBS)
We accomplished a great deal in SBS in 2005. · We launched our Deluxe Business AdvantageSM (DBA) program, the fast and easy way for banks to refer small businesses to Deluxe for checks and related products. DBA offers small businesses personalized service from face-to-face sales representatives who are experts in small business products. · We began to roll out a new SBS sales model which integrates our field, outbound, and inbound sales channels. The new model both enables delivery of our value proposition and supports our strategy to increase our share of customers' wallets (getting customers to purchase more products from us

Why small businesses?
We believe there is real potential for growth in the small business market space based on statistics such as: · The nearly 25 million small businesses in the U.S. in 2004.1 · The more than $4.5 trillion that small businesses spent in 2005.2 · The year-over-year net growth as

rather than competitors). · In another initiative designed to increase wallet share, we are testing multiple telesales messages and then adopting the ones that prove to be most successful. · We integrated our Small Business Services' marketing organizations to improve advertising efficiencies, and consolidated our database marketing resources to target customer segments more effectively. A new tiered segmenting model is allowing us to align our sales, service, products, and resources with what customers need, how often they purchase, and the order method they prefer. · Our NEBS.com Web site received the Circle of Excellence Award from bizrate.com. Our site was one of 50 online stores to be recognized from a pool of more than 47,000 Internet retailers. As I stated earlier, we expect to conclude most of our integration activities later this year. However, it will be important to continue to invest for the future as well as take costs out of our mature business where and when we can.

account is opened. · The Deluxe Knowledge Exchange Series, a curriculum for our financial institution clients that helps them gain knowledge to improve their relationships and image with their customers. I'll provide some detail around this program because no other check supplier offers anything like it.

Knowledge Exchange Series
This unique program has four components: · An annual exposition to which we invite hundreds of our clients and some of today's highly respected thought leaders to address financial institutions' most critical concerns and issues. · Smaller regional workshops held throughout the year. · A collection of communication tools: quarterly publications, Web-based events, and teleconferences. The content focuses on what's important to financial institutions. · The collaborative, a year-long program in which a cross-section of financial institution executives, representing their entire industry, addresses one issue of particular importance and delivers the results at the spring expo. The current collaborative is designing and implementing strategies to improve satisfaction and loyalty for small business customers.

as the decline in check usage and free check programs that banks are offering prospective customers. Direct Checks' 2005 accomplishments include: · Moving label production to our inhouse digital presses which allowed us to take cost out of the business. · Recording zero lost workdays in manufacturing, an impressive safety milestone. · Beating our manufacturing targets in both personal and business checks, resulting in record productivity. · Rebuilding our eCommerce platform for greater efficiency.

Financial Services
We continue to manage two ongoing dynamics affecting this business segment--the gradual decline in check usage and a highly competitive environment--by capitalizing on our 90 years of experience, maximizing efficiencies, and offering what we believe to be the most comprehensive and robust products, services, and programs any check supplier has to offer. These Deluxe differentiators played a significant role in acquiring and retaining some key pieces of business in 2005. Here are are few examples of the products and services that help our financial instutution clients improve loyalty and customer satisfaction: · DeluxeSelectSM which gives financial institutions the opportunity to rely on us for their check merchandising. Our expert sales and service agents provide outstanding customer experiences and promote the financial institution's brand at the same time. · DeluxeDetectSM powered by Early Warning®, a relationship screening tool that enables financial institutions to reduce fraud at the time an

Small Business Services and Financial Services: A synergistic dependency
Critical to our success is our ability to leverage the relationship between Small Business Services and Financial Services. Our Deluxe Business Advantage (DBA) program makes that happen. Here's how it works. We offer DBA to our financial instutution clients through our Financial Services segment. When our clients choose to endorse the program, they refer small business account holders to our Small Business Services segment, where they are served by business check experts and a nationwide "feet-on-the-street" sales force. This arrangement provides financial institutions with unparalleled resources and personalized service to make the process of serving business customers more efficient and effective, ultimately increasing customer satisfaction and revenue.

Direct Checks
Within our direct-to-the-consumer business segment, our strategy is to maximize the lifetime value of customers. One method we're using to enhance the interactions we have with customers (from both their perspective and ours) is to employ the same testing methodology I mentioned in my earlier discussion of Small Business Services. This approach allows us to test multiple sales messages simultaneously, then quickly adopt the successful ones and discard those that are not. Our Direct Checks segment is doing a great job managing the business while dealing with the ongoing challenge of lower response rates to direct marketing materials in general, as well

Shared Services
Our shared services model is helping us more efficiently and effectively serve our market-driven business units and their channel-specific needs. Here are just a few accomplishments from finance, human resources (HR), information technology, legal, manufacturing, and supply chain, the functional areas under the shared services umbrella. In 2005, we: · Transitioned the majority of the legacy NEBS computer systems that supported human resources, finance, payroll, manufacturing, and supply chain to our SAP infrastructure. · Moved some of our products to manufacturing facilities with digital press technology. · Continued to introduce non-manufacturing areas to the lean principles we've had success with in our production plants. · Exceeded our goal in doing business with minority and womenowned suppliers. · Aligned NEBS HR practices (compensation, benefits, performance/ succession management, staffing) with Deluxe's. On an aggregate basis, the shared services model is allowing us to achieve greater efficiencies as we reduce redundancy and waste, continue to standardize our processes, recognize continuous improvements, share best practices,

and develop "centers of excellence"-- areas in which we have centralized, internal expertise.

... and to Deluxe employees
This letter wouldn't be complete if I didn't also thank Deluxe employees for their contributions and hard work this past year. We accomplished a great deal in 2005, particularly in the area of the NEBS integration. Our people continue to be our greatest asset.

CEO / chairman: Two positions from one
With Stephen Nachtsheim's appointment as non-executive chairman of the board, the chief executive officer and chairman positions became separate. Stephen has been one of Deluxe's directors since 1995 and was named lead independent director three years ago.

The transition continues
What lies ahead in our 91st year of business? Moving further along in this important transition period and wrapping up the NEBS integration will put us on solid footing to grow Small Business Services. At the same time, Financial Services will capitalize on the features that differentiate it from the competition; and Direct Checks will maximize the long-term value of its customers. With our individual business segment strategies firmly established and serving as our compass, I am confident in our ability to navigate Deluxe to continued success and deliver shareholder value well into the future.

Thanks to Larry Mosner ...
I want to thank Larry Mosner for his ten years of service to Deluxe. After a business career of more than 40 years, Larry has retired. He held a number of key leadership positions within the Company, and assumed the role of chairman and CEO in 2000. He was only the seventh CEO in Deluxe's 90year history. Larry did an excellent job of leading Deluxe through a number of key transitions. As CEO, he championed operational excellence, employee engagement, and impeccable corporate values and governance standards. Larry also set in motion a new strategic direction with the acquisition of NEBS in 2004. Deluxe is a better company for all that he contributed.

Ronald E. Eilers
President and Chief Executive Officer

Revenue
(in billions)

Operating cash flow from continuing operations
(in millions)

Diluted EPS from continuing operations
01 02 03 04 05 $4.00 $3.00

01 02 03 04 05 $2.0 $1.5 $200 $1.0 $0.5 $50 $0.0 $0 $150 $100 $300 $250

01 02 03 04 05

$2.00 $1.00 $0

