"We now have in place the core product portfolio,
organizational structure and leadership team that will take us through the next phases of our transformation.

This focus and execution allowed us to report
solid operational and financial performance in 2007." Fellow Shareholders,
year for Deluxe on our continued transformational journey. We are entering the middle stages of executing our multi-year plan to deliver greater value to our customers and investors. We are focused on our journey and your success -- our investors, customers, employees and business partners. The company is fundamentally changing its operating model, aggressively reducing costs and, importantly, starting to invest more heavily in new revenueexpansion activities. We are making strong progress in our transformation from check printer to model business partner for financial institutions, small businesses, and consumers. We are focused on innovation in check printing and cost containment, while driving more of our focus to new revenue sources. We now have in place the core product portfolio, organizational structure, and leadership team that will take us through the next phases of our transformation. defense to playing more offense through our heightened focus on revenue expansion initiatives. As part of this shift, the time is now in our transformation to unveil our new corporate brand identity. Our new design maintains the highly recognized and powerful red "D" for Deluxe, while creatively showing a clearer and more open path to Deluxe -- one that implies we are easier to do business with and more open to our future. Four key strategies will guide us further on our journey in 2008. These strategies will advance us from simply leadership in check printing to more customer-facing solutions: focusing on customers, growing revenue, improving business processes, and improving learning and our culture. We are focusing on our customers with passion and precision, expanding and optimizing product and service offerings. We are shifting our emphasis from more on cost containment to revenue growth by accelerating and building out better value propositions for our customers. Business process improvement remains tantamount to our strategy. We are streamlining, standardizing, and improving innovation and efficiencies in everything we do. Finally, we are committed to building a highly engaged, winning team in a growth culture of continuous improvement with faster speed to market and a stronger sense of urgency and adaptability to change. All these strategies leverage the power of One Deluxe and, at the same time, allow us to improve the performance in each of our segments. Small Business Services (SBS) SBS revenue grew in the low single digits, excluding the sale of the industrial packaging product line. Operating income consistently improved throughout 2007 with four solid quarters of double-digit performance as a percent of revenue. We had a strong year of acquiring new customers driven by our Deluxe Business Advantage® Program, continued expansion of custom color products through the Johnson Group acquisition, and announced an exciting partnership with WebsitePros®. Our focus in 2008 is again on profitable growth. We remain focused on acquiring new customers and increasing our share of wallet, where we believe we can sell more personalized forms and related products, as well as higher-growth solutions, including custom, full-color, digital, Web-to-print, and promotional products. In addition, we see more opportunities to help small businesses grow by expanding our portfolio into marketing services such as logo design, Web site creation, campaign management, mailing and other related services. We are investing heavily the first half of the year to build out stronger e-commerce and vertical segmentation capabilities that we believe will help us drive higher revenue growth in the second half of the year and beyond. Financial Services (FS) FS revenues stabilized in 2007 and, despite declining check markets, declined less than 1%. This significant improvement over double-digit declines the last few years was achieved through continued record retention rates and strong new acquisition rates. We continued to simplify our processes and take complexity out of the business while reducing our cost and expense structure, which led to an improvement in operating income. In addition to our strong core check revenue, we made progress in advancing new non-check revenue expansion opportunities in the loyalty, retention, monitoring, and protection spaces. These new initiatives are helping financial institutions (FIs) view Deluxe as much more than just a check provider, but also as a trusted business partner. Our focus in 2008 is on retaining core check revenue, acquiring new customers, and simplifying our business model, as well as providing loyalty, retention, stored-value gift cards, and monitoring and protection products and services that differentiate us from competitors and make us a more relevant business partner to our FI clients. Some examples include our Deluxe ImpressionsSM suite, Welcome Home® Tool Kit, DeluxeCallingSM and Deluxe ID TheftBlock® -- all new loyalty, retention, and monitoring, and protection service offerings. Direct Checks Direct Checks revenue also stabilized and declined less than 1% in 2007, a significant improvement over the double-digit declines of the last few years. We fortified our market position by continuing to be the nation's leading

2007 was a positive, momentum-building

Lee Schram
Chief Executive Officer

Key 2007 Accomplishments
In 2007, we delivered significant improvement in our operating performance, stabilizing our check revenue base, progressing on new revenue expansion initiatives, achieving significant process improvements and resultant cost reductions, and solidifying our infrastructure for better efficiency. We accomplished all this, while remaining focused on our strong heritage relative to customers, brands and values. We were successful in achieving $90 million in cost and expense reductions in 2007, ahead of our original target of $75 to $82 million, and we expect an additional $70 million of reductions in 2008. We realigned our sales and marketing operations and refined our channel management structure through process centralization, simplification, and platform and tool consolidation. We made meaningful progress with Lean productivity improvements in manufacturing and indirect spend reductions, completed implementation of an innovative new flat check delivery package, and advanced work on realigning to a common manufacturing platform. In shared services infrastructure, we significantly reduced the cost of information technology through system utilization, networking, and voice communication efficiencies. We completed the outsourcing of our finance transaction processes, reduced our real estate square footage 12% and streamlined our human resources function. We completed a $200 million debt offering to provide us with additional financial flexibility. We also began to position the company for future revenue growth by laying the initial groundwork for a new e-commerce platform, releasing the new Deluxe.com, expanding full-color and Web-to-print capabilities and piloting many new loyalty, retention, monitoring, and protection solutions. This focus and execution allowed us to report solid operational and financial performance in 2007, increasing operating income 35% and earnings per share 41% from 2006 levels. The company continued to strengthen its balance sheet, reducing debt more than $171 million and generating $245 million in operating cash flow. We recognize there is still a great deal of work to do, but we made significant progress in 2007, and we are excited about our momentum heading into 2008. Simply stated, our strategy is on track.

Next Steps On Our Journey
Our enterprise focus and strategy is paying off. Leadership is moving the company in the right direction. We are all rallying around "One Deluxe" and this focus has allowed us to improve our performance. We are gaining momentum in achieving process improvements and cost reductions. While our work here continues, we have an improved, more robust infrastructure in place and more stable core check businesses. These are great foundational pillars to build upon. We will not take our eyes off of costs, but our transformation efforts are now shifting from playing more

Shareholders, continued direct-to-consumer check supplier and our operating income profile remained strong. We enhanced results through our investments in free-standing insert advertising impressions, and our focus on selling additional products such as holiday greeting cards, stored-value gift cards, and premium-priced features and accessories. Our focus for 2008 is to continue recapturing share through increased free-standing insert advertising and enhanced internet search engine spend, acquiring and retaining customers, and maximizing the lifetime value of our customers by selling new features and accessories. We are also starting to focus on other products and services, in addition to checks and related accessories, that we can sell directly to consumers. All these efforts should allow our profitability profile to remain within one to two points of our operating margin profile from the last several years. elements, required systems, and value propositions of each of these models. This will include creating a cost-effective and flexible infrastructure to support both models. All of these then align to create product and service portfolio expansion opportunities focused on helping our customers grow their businesses. Positioning, products, services, and content will increasingly be tailored to specific vertical market segments. Services will be expanded and aggressively rolled out and functionality enhanced to improve the customer buying experience. We will still be focused on a lean, simplified, stable core business, and this great foundation will allow us to more fully realize the potential of our growth initiatives. In closing, my sincere thanks to all the people of Deluxe for your unwavering enthusiasm and dedication, to our customers for your loyalty and trust, to our partners for your engagement and commitment, and to our shareholders for your support and confidence on our exciting transformational journey. We believe our future is bright and that we collectively own our story. 2008 is a pivotal year for Deluxe as we take another positive step in becoming a great company again. We are focusing on our customers, taking steps to prove we can grow revenue while not taking our eyes off of costs, and continuing to improve profitability and operating cash flow. We have the products, people, and a new contemporized brand required to win. We have built a stronger core foundation and now will expand on it in the next steps of our transformation. We know that if we execute these focus areas well on our continued journey, we will unlock more of Deluxe's full potential and create value for our shareholders.

Unlocking Our Potential
With such exciting opportunities in each of our business segments, we are forging ahead with the next steps in our transformation. We know we must continue to improve near-term results, while at the same time continuing to position the company for long-term success. As we continue our transformation, we need to intensify our innovation, product development, and product launch capabilities. As we reduce our infrastructure costs, we are reinvesting some of these savings in new products, platforms, enablers, and tools. Our continued reinvention focuses not only on how we can help our customers run and protect their businesses, but also grow their businesses. This focus starts with repositioning Deluxe's brand framework to drive emotional attachment, distinctive customer experiences, and solid proof of our ability to grow loyal customers and strengthen their business performance. We then target customer experience requirements to leverage Deluxe's unique position at the intersection between FIs and the small business customer, reaching more deeply into vertical market segments and expanding relationships based upon growth needs. These verticals include retailers, contractors, professional services providers, banks and credit unions. Based upon this, in the future, we see more of a transition to two core operating models... a democratization-of-services model and a premier model. Democratization of services involves taking existing higher-cost services and turning them into lower-cost solutions by productizing them for affordability and scale. The premier model provides customized support, expertise, products, and services to a well-defined, small group of customers because the economic return warrants specialized relations and treatment. We are working to define the core

Lee Schram Chief Executive Officer

m o M 8 0 0 2 2007 Milestones Build
Updated Brand Mark, New Solutions
The groundwork was laid in 2007 for the February 2008 introduction of Deluxe's updated enterprise brand mark. The contemporary, streamlined design reflects our focus on the future, while honoring our heritage and leveraging the equity of our signature red "D." The addition of "Corp" reflects the broadening of our scope beyond checks and our commitment to being the model solutions partner for our 6-million-plus small business and financial institution customers. The updated brand mark is the first step in Deluxe's migration to a master brand architecture. Extensive research has pointed the organization to a brand framework rooted in the strengths of the Deluxe name. During 2008 and 2009 we will be migrating more than 20 acquired sub-brands to the Deluxe master brand. This move will create long-term brand value, while contributing to enterprise-wide Lean initiatives and cost reductions. On a parallel path, our Experience and New Solutions Groups are working closer together than ever. Our Experience team works with thousands of financial institution customers to solve industry challenges and share ideas through our Collaboratives and Knowledge Exchange Expos. New solutions, like DeluxeCalling® and the Welcome Home® Tool Kit, are a direct result of our industry-leading experience work. "In 2008, there will be even greater focus on developing solutions that leverage the learnings from Deluxe's Collaboratives and Knowledge Exchange Expos. We understand customer experience and the needs of the small business and financial institution customers. Leveraging this understanding to develop new customer solutions will be the driving force behind the repositioning of the Deluxe brand." Laura Radewald
Vice President, Enterprise Brand

m u t en

Successful Senior Notes Offering
Anticipating the October 1, 2007 maturing of $325 million, 3.25% senior, unsecured notes, Deluxe in May 2007 readied plans to offer $200 million of 7.375% senior, unsecured notes. This was the first time in its 93-year history Deluxe sought to obtain funding as a high-yield issuer of debt. Deluxe went into the offering with a strong story to tell: three successive quarters of meeting or exceeding our financial commitments and solid evidence that our transformation was gaining traction. Key members of Deluxe's financial leadership team told the company's story to hundreds of institutional bond investors. This class of investors was both enthusiastic and curious about the company's progress on its journey from world-class check printer to model business partner targeting financial institutions, small businesses and consumers. The bond offering yielded strong response with overwhelming demand from investors. The proceeds provided Deluxe with the financial flexibility to comfortably meet its October repayment obligation while maintaining focus on our business transformation. "The successful bond offering combined with the company's strong financial performance -- including excellent cash flow and credit ratios -- put us in a great position to stay focused on our long-term vision for growth."

Martie Woods
Chief Experience Officer

Jeff Johnson,
Assistant Treasurer

