Connection Trust Growth Change PURSUIT of a better future for all our customers. Future Leading Customers Success Performance Progress Technology Marketing Business Revenue Strength Expertise Opportunity Visibility Products Services Core Innovation
FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
Deluxe grew revenue in 2013 for the fourth consecutive year for the first time in 17 years. The stock price also set an all-time record high. We continued to stabilize our core check and product businesses while selling innovative high security features and improved our mix of faster growing marketing solutions and other services revenues to 22 percent of total revenue. We acquired VerticalResponse®, Acton Marketing, and Destination Rewards® to expand opportunities in higher growth marketing solutions and other services. We also continued to accelerate our brand transformation with our "Work Happy" campaign. We want small business owners to see Deluxe as a genuine, passionate partner who gives them everything they need, so they can focus on their pursuit of doing what they love and "Work Happy." In addition to our strong print leadership, we continued to invest in our employment brand, in digital technology, in extending our sales channel reach, and in our communities. We ended the year with over 4.5 million small business customers of which approximately 20 percent are marketing solutions and other services customers and we served approximately 5,500 financial institutions. Our intense focus on cost reductions has now delivered enterprise-wide savings of $490 million since mid-2006. In 2013, we continued to improve efficiencies across the organization through process centralization, simplification, platform and tool consolidation and leveraging e-commerce capabilities. We also advanced our lean and spoilage reduction initiatives and improved our strategic supplier arrangements, among many other successful initiatives. We finished the year with more robust and innovative products and services, solidified processes, a better infrastructure, growing brand awareness, and improved financial results. Our operating cash flow grew for the fifth straight year, allowing us to maintain our dividend while further advancing our transformation by paying cash for acquisitions and other strategic investments. We recognize that there is still a tremendous amount of work to do, but we made great strides in 2013 and, in spite of what we expect will be a continued sluggish economy, the entire Deluxe team is committed to building on our progress.

PURSUING PROFITABLE REVENUE GROWTH
As we enter 2014, our primary focus continues to be profitable revenue growth and increasing the mix of marketing solutions and other services revenues. We have created more differentiated, technology-led check offers through investments in high security, automated flat packaging, digital printing, and on-line portals and dashboards. We also have significant growth opportunities in marketing solutions and other services. For small businesses this includes logo design, web services, social media, web-to-print, search engine marketing and optimization, email marketing, payroll, and fraud and security services, and for financial institutions, we are pursuing growth through customer acquisition, risk management, and other value-add services offers. We will continue to assess potential small to medium-sized acquisitions that complement our large customer bases with a focus on marketing solutions and other services. We have strengthened our channels in small business to include financial institutions, on-line, retail, wholesale, distributors, dealers, and major accounts. Deluxe is now more capable of helping small businesses pursue their passion by being a trusted provider of everything a small business needs to market and operate their business and helping small to mid-sized financial institutions with customer acquisition, risk management, and other value-add services offers.

SMALL BUSINESS SERVICES
Revenue grew over 9% in 2013. Double-digit growth in marketing solutions and other services revenues more than offset declines in our core small business products. We enhanced our internet presence, increased average order value and conversion rates, won many new wholesale and major account customers, and ended the year with approximately 730,000 web hosting customers. Our 2014 focus is on accelerating our brand transformation and significantly improving overall market awareness while institutionalizing our brand promise for our customers, creating an effective end-to-end integrated technology customer experience, effectively acquiring and retaining customers, and optimizing sales channel effectiveness and channel marketing capabilities.

Innovation Connection Trust Growth Change INVESTING in future revenue growth. Future Leading Customers Success Performance Progress Technology Marketing Business Revenue Strength Expertise Opportunity Visibility Products Services Core Solutions
FINANCIAL SERVICES
Revenue grew nearly 1% in 2013 and for the first time since 2001. The continued shift to electronic payments, banking industry regulatory uncertainty, and the economy all negatively impacted the segment in spite of our continued strong retention and new customer acquisition rates. We on-boarded HSBC in August 2013. We made progress in advancing marketing solutions and other services with our Cornerstone and Acton customer acquisition offerings, with SwitchAgent and our newest acquisition Destination
SM

Rewards' account activation and retention offerings, and with fraud, security, and other risk management offers. Our 2014 focus is on gaining share in core check revenue, simplifying our business model, and growing, including extending our marketing solutions and other services offers for financial institutions. This includes providing customer acquisition, risk management, and other value-added services offers that differentiate us from competitors and make us a more relevant business partner to our financial institution clients.

DIRECT CHECKS
Revenue declined almost 10% in 2013 due to lower consumer check purchases in a continued sluggish economy. We continue to be the nation's leading direct-to-consumer check supplier. We made progress in creating an integrated best-in-class direct-to-consumer check experience by consolidating both call center and fulfillment operations, while scaling revenue through effective call center selling and customer services capabilities. For 2014, we expect to continue to work to create a best-in-class direct-to-the-consumer check experience. Our focus is on maximizing operating cash flow and the lifetime value of our customers by selling checks and additional features and accessories. We expect to reduce our manufacturing costs and lower selling, general and administrative expenses and drive strong operating margins while generating strong cash flow.

OUR QUEST FOR SUSTAINABLE REVENUE GROWTH
In Small Business Services, we are growing beyond core products that help a small business owner operate their business into a broad set of integrated marketing solutions and other services that help small businesses brand, promote, and sell their products and services. In Financial Services, we are growing beyond checks into a broad set of solutions that help financial institutions acquire and retain customers and protect themselves and consumers. Our technologies and channels are stronger, our digital technology services offers are more mature, our infrastructure better, and our management talent deeper and aligned to grow revenue. We have developed a strong platform for long-term growth with the objective of transforming Deluxe to more of a growth services provider from primarily a check printer. We believe these product mix changes will continue to position Deluxe to profitably grow which will attract additional investors, and result in a higher stock multiple and price. We believe we are well-positioned entering 2014 for our fifth consecutive year of revenue growth. Despite the sluggish economy, our financial discipline has enabled us to invest in people, technology, products, services, and our brand in order to position ourselves for sustainable revenue growth, while continuing to improve profitability and operating cash flow. We know it is critical for us to be able to grow revenue again in 2014 and improve the mix of our marketing solutions and other services revenue, and we are well positioned to make this happen. In closing, my continued sincere thanks again to all Deluxers for your unwavering enthusiasm and dedication, to our customers for your loyalty and trust, to our partners for your engagement and commitment, and to our shareholders for your support and confidence. We know through the continued hard work, determination, and engagement of our employees, partners, and customers, we will create continued value for our shareholders.

Lee Schram Chief Executive Officer

