Small Business Services

Small Business Services became even more integral to the success of our customers' businesses, helping us drive 6% revenue growth in the segment in 2011.
Our integrated platform is built to enable small businesses to grow.
Deluxe's comprehensive suite of solutions delivers the products and services small businesses need to brand, promote, sell and operate. Deluxe has now designed brand logos for more than 50,000 small businesses. Our website development and hosting, search engine marketing (SEM), search engine optimization (SEO), mobile lead capture and social media marketing services promote our customers' businesses -- where and when their customers are looking for products and services. Add to the mix Deluxe's e-mail marketing, promotional products and web-to-print services, and small businesses have a suite of solutions to drive sales and business growth. Our operating products, like forms, checks and business supplies, make Deluxe a true, end-to-end resource for millions of small businesses.
SM

The Project REV marketing lab drives real growth for small businesses.
Nine small businesses from across the country collectively doubled their sales while participating in our inaugural, year-long marketing lab. Each small business owner received Deluxe marketing services and worked with a Deluxe marketing advisor to develop and implement a marketing plan.

Sophisticated customer segmentation is driving improved results in core printed products.
Deluxe continues to sharpen its customer research and segmentation strategies. We know and understand the wants and needs of our more than four million small business customers better than ever before. We are now able to pinpoint our offerings and related messaging to a dozen unique attitudinal segments. Tests of this refined approach have resulted in strong increases in core product revenue driven by higher response rates and higher average order values. This segmentation strategy will continue to be refined and applied across a greater number of channels and customer touch points in 2012.

The 10 small businesses selected for the 2012 lab are receiving even more support.
We have tripled the value of Deluxe marketing services each small business receives and added a council of influential small business bloggers to the resource team. Our goal is to demonstrate small businesses can afford to -- and must -- market effectively to grow.

Revenue at ShopDeluxe, our flagship e-commerce website, exceeded expectations in 2011.
Effective SEO and SEM campaigns drew a record number of visitors to ShopDeluxe in 2011, and a strategic site redesign made it easier and more compelling to buy. Conversion rates continued to reach new highs, and we experienced strong growth in first-time buyers. In 2012, the ShopDeluxe team will focus on new customer acquisition, site consolidation and overall user experience.

Strategic acquisitions and new products and services are key growth drivers.
The July 2011 acquisition of PsPrint® accelerated Deluxe's web-to-print services offering. We are leveraging our previous investments in this space with PsPrint's established systems and processes. The result is a full-service, web-to-print services offering that includes graphic design, list management and fulfillment. New organic products and services are also performing well. Sales of new high-security checks, introduced as part of our fraud

"I never imagined I would learn so much from the Project REV participants. I experienced up close how our solutions work for customers, what we do well and where we can improve. Their businesses grew -- and so did my understanding of the small business owner's unique challenges and needs."
Ron Neher, Marketing Advisor Deluxe Project REV

We proudly passed a milestone of more than 500,000 customers hosting websites with Deluxe.
prevention line, significantly exceeded expectations. We are standardizing, simplifying and optimizing our portfolio across the board. These strategic moves are producing revenue growth across our core products and marketing and other services. We are reducing SKUs, better managing inventories and reducing fulfillment lead times.

We are testing Deluxe REV,SM our new virtual marketing agency.
Deluxe REV directs, tracks and measures the success of a small business's online marketing campaigns. Guided by feedback from small business owners participating in Project REV, our small business marketing lab, we know small businesses struggle to find "marketing that works" and to understand the returns on the investments they do make. Deluxe REV pairs highly trained Deluxe marketing advisors with small businesses to plan and implement online marketing programs and then accurately analyze results.

The Deluxe Corporation Foundation funded the development of SCORE's new mentoring methodology, designed to drive greater consistency in service, stronger counseling relationships and improved results for small businesses. Nearly 2,000 volunteer mentors have already been trained on the new methodology.

Our wholesale and retail web services channels have strong momentum.
We continued to build and refine our wholesale and retail sales, marketing and development teams in 2011. Hostopia® enhanced its reputation as a top hosting and value-added service provider serving telco, cable and internet service providers seeking to outsource their customer web and e-mail services. We expanded the wholesale pipeline through major partnerships with leading national and international telco brands. This momentum is continuing into 2012 and 2013.

Deluxe ranked first on the EPA's list of green power purchasers in the printing industry. We reduced energy use by 41% in our facilities between 2007 and 2011. Today 66% of our overall U.S. energy use is from renewable sources.

Our distributor channel grew revenue through new dealers and higher sales in key categories.
We successfully executed an aggressive strategy to expand our Safeguard® independent dealer network. We now have nearly 300 strong "local" distributors covering North America. Individual distributors also grew by adding new customers and increasing sales in key product categories, including promotional products and checks.

We are now helping large franchise and multi-unit customers maintain brand consistency.
As part of our Major Accounts sales channel, Deluxe has developed an e-business-based solution that offers brand management, business operations, marketing and print-on-demand services through a single, web-based platform. Franchise operators can access the tools and materials they need to run their local businesses on demand. And parent companies can be confident brand integrity is being managed by one central partner. Eleven national franchise companies signed on during our 2011 pilot year, including Benjamin Moore® and Full House Franchise Systems Limited, parent company of Howard Johnson® Canada and Knights Inn Canada Franchise Systems Limited. Offer development and sales acceleration is the focus for 2012.

The Deluxe Corporation Foundation provided the seed funding to Metropolitan Economic Development Association to create BizGrow Network (shown above), an innovative national collaboration of nonprofits serving entrepreneurs of color.

Financial Services

Led by innovative solutions like Cornerstone and Banker's Dashboard,® Financial Services is positioned to be a differentiated and indispensable partner.
SM

Banker's Dashboard works the way a banker thinks.

Our evolution to a holistic customer acquisition program sets the stage for growth.
The banking industry is experiencing complex challenges and sweeping changes. Our approximately 6,000 financial institution customers are searching for solutions to navigate the sea change and get themselves back on track to long-term growth and profitability. This insight and our deep customer knowledge drove Deluxe's focus in 2011. Today we are offering a suite of products and services to help financial institutions acquire and anchor customers, measure profitability and stay ahead of regulatory changes. The tool presents key profitability measures in a dashboard format that is easy to navigate and understand. Instant access to financial reporting and analysis, branch performance, budgeting and forecasting, and productivity data helps banks make profitable decisions in real time.

Our Cornerstone Solutions target the right customers. SwitchAgentSM ensures a smooth switch.
New customers are the lifeblood of financial institutions, but getting and keeping them is harder than ever. Deluxe's customer acquisition program is designed to target, acquire, onboard and anchor every new customer. Our Cornerstone Solutions use analytics-driven customer targeting to reach high-value prospects through direct marketing programs that yield an average of 400% return on investment. Getting new customers to complete the onboarding process has become a significant barrier for financial institutions to anchor new customers -- until Deluxe's October 2011 introduction of SwitchAgent. This proprietary solution is one part patent-pending technology, one part high-touch concierge service. The result is a worry-free, no-hassle "switch" for banking customers. Hundreds of successful customer switches have been completed with high satisfaction levels.

"Our bank is on a path of prudent growth. Banker's Dashboard provides an accurate, up-to-date picture of our performance, helping us spot key trends and make decisions to drive profitability. "
Kathy C. Jones, CFO Prime Meridian Bank

Banker's Dashboard puts the profitability picture in the hands of financial institutions.
Now, more than ever, financial institutions need clear, reliable data to understand what is driving their profitability. Deluxe's April 2011 acquisition of this robust online tool provides our financial institution customers with real-time information to help guide their daily and long-term business decisions. Implementation is fast and requires only internet access and a web browser. Since the acquisition, Deluxe has refocused the Banker's Dashboard marketing strategy and streamlined the solution. With hundreds of financial institutions already on board, Banker's Dashboard is well positioned for growth in 2012.

Letter to Our Shareholders

Fellow Shareholders,
In a continued sluggish economy, Deluxe grew revenue in 2011 for the second consecutive year for the first time since the NEBS acquisition. We stabilized our core check and product businesses and invested in future revenue growth areas as we continued our transformation. These investments included organic initiatives like e-commerce, web services, web-to-print, customer acquisition, regulatory, and fraud and security offerings. We acquired Banker's Dashboard and PsPrint to expand opportunities in higher growth marketing and other services. We also continued to reposition our brand through investments in advertising, including radio, online, print, television and our Project REV small business marketing lab. In addition to our strong print leadership, we invested in our employment brand and created stronger technology and digital expertise by adding sales, marketing and technology leaders in marketing and other services. Our efforts earned us a Jobs2Web best social media innovation award, a Talent Board candidate experience award, and a LinkedIn recruiting innovation award. We also moved to the number-one ranking on the EPA's list of the largest "green" power purchasers in the printing industry. In shared services infrastructure, we reduced costs and improved the effectiveness of information technology, finance, human resources, real estate and legal functions. Our intense focus on cost reductions has now delivered savings of $385 million since mid 2006.

We made great strides in 2011, and the entire Deluxe team is committed to building on our progress.

We exited the year with more robust products and services, solidified processes, a better infrastructure and improved financial results. Our operating cash flow grew for the third straight year, allowing us to maintain our dividend and pay down debt while making two cash acquisitions. In addition, we strengthened our capital structure in March with a debt re-financing at an attractive rate. We recognize there is still a tremendous amount of work to do, but we made great strides in 2011 and, in spite of what we expect will be a continued challenging economy, the entire Deluxe team is committed to building on our progress.

Driving Profitable Revenue Growth
As we enter 2012, our primary focus continues to be profitable revenue growth. We have created more differentiated, technology-led check offers through investments in automated flat packaging, digital printing, and online portals and dashboards. We also have significant new solutions growth opportunities in marketing and other services, including for small businesses: logo design, web services, social media, web-to-print, search engine marketing, payroll, and fraud and security services, and for financial institutions: customer acquisition, regulatory compliance and profitability offers. We will continue to assess potential small to medium-sized acquisitions that complement our large customer bases with a focus on marketing and other services. We have strengthened our channels in small business to include online, retail, wholesale, distributors, dealers and major accounts.

Revenue
Deluxe grew revenue overall for the second year in a row. Our 2012 focus continues to be on driving profitable revenue growth.

New solutions and channels are driving new, differentiated opportunities for us to execute on our strategy.
Deluxe is now more capable of helping small businesses get and keep customers and helping small to mid-sized financial institutions with customer acquisition, regulatory compliance and profitability offers. These new solutions and channels are driving new, differentiated opportunities for us to execute on our strategy, and will further enable us to deliver the best personalized customer experience while offering one of the broadest products and services portfolios in each market we serve.

$785

$796

$846

Small Business Services
'09 '10 '11

Revenue grew over 6% and represented the strongest growth rate since the 2004 NEBS acquisition. Double-digit growth in marketing and other services revenues more than offset declines in our core small business products. We enhanced our internet presence, increased visitor traffic, won many significant new wholesale and major account customers, and crossed the 500,000 web hosting customer threshold. Our 2012 focus in core small

Small Business Services
(in millions)

$396

$390

$342

business products is on acquiring new customers, increasing our share of wallet through our enhanced ShopDeluxe e-commerce site, growing distributor and channel partners, and improving segmentation. We will improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our in-bound, out-bound and online customer touch points to maximize revenue scale capability. In marketing and other services, we expect to gain new customers through our telco-focused wholesale model, add services for our retail customers, add marketing services, payroll services and logo customers, and continue to expand web-to-print and search engine

'09

'10

'11

marketing offers. We also will look for opportunities to add more services on our unified technology platform.

Financial Services
(in millions)

Financial Services
Revenue declined 12% in 2011 of which 3% was due to a favorable contract settlement in 2010. The shift to electronic payments, banking industry regulatory malaise and the economy all negatively impacted check orders and growth services in spite of our continued strong retention and new acquisition rates. We implemented SunTrust in 2010 and announced the signing of Citizens Financial Group which began in early 2012. We made progress in advancing marketing and other services with our Cornerstone customer acquisition offer and our Banker's Dashboard acquisition plus new organic SwitchAgent and regulatory compliance offers. Our 2012 focus is on gaining share in core check revenue, simplifying our business model, and driving marketing and other services offers for financial institutions. This

$163

$216

$229

'09

'10

'11

includes providing customer acquisition, regulatory compliance, profitability, and valueadded services offers that differentiate us from competitors and make us a more relevant business partner to our financial institution clients.

Direct Checks
(in millions)

2012 Focus Areas
Enterprise Our focus is profitable revenue growth. We are well positioned for our third consecutive year of revenue growth, investing in people, technology, products, services and our brand. Small Business: Marketing and Other Services We are gaining new customers through our wholesale and retail channels. We will add marketing services, payroll services and logo customers and expand our SEO customer base. We will expand web-to-print and SEM offers while seeking opportunities to add more services to our unified technology platform. Small Business: Core Products We are focused on acquiring new customers, increasing share of wallet through our ShopDeluxe e-commerce site, growing distributor and channel partners, and improving customer segmentation. Financial Services We are focused on gaining share in core check revenue, simplifying our business model and driving marketing and other services offers for financial institutions. Direct Checks Our focus is on maximizing the lifetime value of our customers and operating cash flow by creating the best direct-toconsumer check experience.

Our infrastructure is solid, and our management talent is deeper and aligned to grow revenue.
Direct Checks
Revenue grew 6% in 2011 due to Custom Direct and improvements in re-order curves that more than offset lower consumer check purchases in a continued weak economy. We continue to be the nation's leading direct-to-consumer check supplier. For 2012, we expect to continue to integrate the acquisition and create a best-in-class direct-to-the-consumer check experience. Our focus is on maximizing operating cash flow and the lifetime value of our customers by selling checks and additional features and accessories. We expect to reduce our manufacturing costs, lower selling, general and administrative expenses, and drive improvements in our operating margins while generating strong cash flow.

Positioning for Sustainable Revenue Growth
We have built the foundation to be an indispensable partner in helping small businesses get and keep customers by offering everything from printed products to affordable logo design, web services and search engine marketing -- we help small business compete against big business and win. In financial services, we are growing beyond checks into a broad set of solutions that help banks acquire customers, improve profitability and manage regulatory compliance. Our technologies and channels are stronger, our e-commerce offers more mature, our infrastructure better, and our management talent is deeper and aligned to grow revenue. We have developed a strong platform for long-term growth with the objective of transforming Deluxe to more of a growth services provider from primarily a check printer thereby changing our product mix and resulting stock price multiple. We believe we are well positioned entering 2012 for our third consecutive year of revenue growth. Despite the challenging economic headwinds, our financial discipline has enabled us to invest in people, technology, products, services and our brand in order to position ourselves for sustainable revenue growth, while continuing to improve profitability and operating cash flow. We know it is critical for us to be able to grow revenue again in 2012 and improve the mix of our marketing and other services revenue and we are well positioned to make this happen. In closing, my continued sincere thanks again to all Deluxers for your unwavering enthusiasm and dedication, to our customers for your loyalty and trust, to our partners for your engagement and commitment, and to our shareholders for your support and confidence. We know through the continued hard work, determination and engagement of our employees, partners and customers, we will create continued value for our shareholders.

Lee Schram Chief Executive Officer

