> LAWRENCE J. MOSNER
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

THE

ENGAGEMENT
2001 began with a new Deluxe. The long-anticipated spin-off of eFunds at the end of 2000 delivered what we had expected ­ two companies that are accomplishing more separately than they could together. The market has responded positively, moving Deluxe's stock price from $19.53 on January 2, 2001 to $41.58 just 12 months later! Deluxe was a shining star in a year of declining markets. We ended the year in a position of strength ­ with diluted earnings per share up 15 percent and net income up 9.7 percent on a modest revenue increase of 1.2 percent. To what do we attribute our success?
ALIGNED EMPLOYEE

POWER OF

ENGAGEMENT

Focusing on the "people" objective from our business alignment model led us to the concept of engagement. In other words, we wanted to know to what degree employees are involved in, or committed to, their jobs. A survey we conducted in the spring of 2000 measured employees' overall satisfaction with their current work environment, plus their intellectual and emotional involvement in terms of these three criteria: 1) How likely is the employee to say positive things about the company? 2) Is the employee likely to stay with the company? 3) Does the employee exert extra effort to serve the company, its clients and customers? During a mid-2001 follow-up survey, the company that conducted the study told us that a one- or twopoint move upward is meaningful and reason for celebration, but our "say-stay-serve" score improved three points! While we're pleased with the improvement, we know we can take engagement scores even higher.
ENGAGEMENT ­

FOR THE FUTURE

Last year, we introduced you to Deluxe's Business Alignment Model that consists of these three elements: > Shared values (openness, trust and integrity; innovation; partnering for the common goal; recognition and celebration; respect and dignity for all; and quality). > Vision (grow Deluxe by leveraging our personalization, direct marketing and e-commerce competencies). > Five key objectives (revenue growth, grow client and customer loyalty, people, cost management, and transformation).

BEYOND EMPLOYEES

The benefits of an increased level of employee engagement prompted us to ask ourselves: What if we made a conscious effort to increase engagement at other touch points? Here are just a few of our successes:
Our 10,000+ financial institution clients ­ As banks strive to become more profitable in a consolidating and competitive marketplace, they look to

2

DELUXE CORPORATION 2001 ANNUAL REPORT

Deluxe for products and services that help them retain customers, improve customer satisfaction and enhance their check programs.
End consumers ­ Through financial institutions, the mail, the telephone and interactive web sites, Deluxe is engaging the people who write the 25 billion Deluxe-produced checks every year, giving them a better opportunity to order the check designs they want. Business partners ­ Through the widely recognized and well respected Deluxe brand, we establish partnerships and alliances with hundreds of other companies, vendors, brands and charitable causes (e.g., Disney® , Warner Brothers® , Harley Davidson® , Coca-Cola® , Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation, etc.). We bring two great brands together and manage them in a way that leverages the strength of both. The communities in which we have facilities ­ In 2001, a number of our facilities received awards:

The board of directors ­ In January, 2002, Deluxe's board held its regular meeting in the Deluxe Chicago Center. Along with addressing its regular duties, the board toured the facility (see photos on page 5), talked to employees on multiple shifts and took time to have lunch with some of them. This visit was not a first for most of our directors; many have taken the time to visit other facilities.
2001 ­

HIGHLIGHTS

Deluxe Financial Services (DFS): > Leveraging our investment in world-class consumer research, we piloted "DeluxeSelectSM ," a program that offers our financial institution clients the

Syracuse (call center): a service award from the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Syracuse (diversity team): the YWCA Academy of Diversity Achievers diversity award. Salt Lake City: the 2001 Excellence in Lean Manufacturing Award (for achievements in quality, service and cost management) from the Utah Manufacturing Extension Partnership. Kansas City (printing facility): Kansas City's "Leading Edge" award for lean manufacturing.
Shareholders ­ Deluxe continues to be committed to enhancing shareholder value ...

DELIVERING VALUE TO CLIENTS AND

CUSTOMERS

opportunity to have us merchandise checks on their behalf. DeluxeSelect helps financial institutions lower their operating costs while creating a more valuable order, increases customer satisfaction and grows revenue for Deluxe. > We continued to transition our DFS printing facilities to a cellular manufacturing environment (see inside front cover). By the end of 2001, Chicago, San Jose and Antelope Valley (Calif.) had completed the transformation. All other facilities are preparing for the change, and by the end of this year, most plants will have completed the transition. > Deluxe commissioned an independent organization to evaluate the quality of magnetic ink character recognition (MICR), the process used by financial institutions to read check information. The results showed that checks printed using Deluxe's proprietary technology are rejected less often by financial institutions' reading and sorting machines than checks printed with the most common competitive technology. This speaks to the quality of our checks and shows that Deluxe checks help financial institutions save money in processing costs. Deluxe Business Services (DBS): > DBS continued to engage its 1.4 million active customers. Using an integrated direct marketing

> By delivering on our financial targets. > Through the clarity and understandability of our financial reporting. > With our dividend philosophy and our share repurchase program. > Via comprehensive communication (open-access conference calls, webcasts of analyst meetings and the annual shareholders meeting, toll-free information lines, investor relations pages on our web sites and a new service ­ shareowneronline.com ­ that provides shareholders with online access to their Deluxe stock transactions).

THE POWER OF ENGAGEMENT

3

approach of direct mail pieces, in-package advertising, two robust web sites and outbound e-mails, we are increasing customer satisfaction and retention. Through our call center technology, we are able to segment calls and thereby maximize revenue while providing customers with a more satisfying order experience. > We leveraged our strong financial institution client base to acquire a record number of new customers through our Business Referral Program (BRP). BRP allows our financial institution clients to transfer the complex process of selling checks to small business customers directly to us. Our marketing competency makes it three times more likely that the financial institution will retain that business owner as a customer, thereby enhancing the bank's revenue stream. Direct Checks: > Operating income was up 16 percent, revenue was up 9.8 percent. > By the end of 2002, we project that 15 percent of Direct Checks' reorders will come in through the Internet. > We continue to take advantage of our consumer knowledge of the preference gap (the difference between customers who get the check design they want and those who use a design that was chosen for them) by offering customers a wide array of check designs. > Two years after Deluxe acquired Designer Checks, the news continues to be outstanding. Between 1999 (the year before the acquisition) and 2001, Designer Checks' operating profit grew nearly 80 percent.
POSSIBLE

ACCOUNTING PRACTICES /

AUDIT COMMITTEE

When Deluxe was going through the spin-off of eFunds, it seemed like a perfect time to evaluate the company's independent audit requirements, and to determine which independent accounting firm could

LOOKING TO THE FUTURE WITH

ENTHUSIASM

best meet the needs of the new Deluxe. The board's audit committee invited the big five accounting firms to submit proposals (our auditor at the time was included). The review process was rigorous, and after assessing the policies and practices of the various firms, the audit committee recommended, and the board unanimously approved, the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers. The audit committee met ten times last year, reviewing interim financial results, internal and external audits, critical accounting policies and key management estimates. The committee models its practices after the National Association of Corporate Directors' blue ribbon commission recommendations on improving the effectiveness of corporate audit committees. In addition, the company invests in continuing education for its directors.
FINANCIAL STRENGTH:

AN ENGAGING NOTION

I started this letter by saying that Deluxe had a stellar year. You can see for yourself in later pages, but I would like to highlight the following: > In 2001, we created $1.2 billion in shareholder value and returned nearly $450 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. We are comfortable with our current level of dividend payout (more than 50 percent of earnings), and we don't anticipate a change at this time. > We have nearly completed the 14-million share repurchase program authorized by the board in January of 2001.

ACQUISITIONS

The question of acquisitions continues to be a popular one whenever I talk with shareholders. We will invest in growth opportunities that strengthen our position within the businesses in which we compete. As management has stated in the past, any acquisition must be strategic and projected to be accretive to earnings and cash flow per share, as well as to leverage our core competencies. We judge potential investments against our cost of capital and the return rate available from share repurchases.

4

THE POWER OF ENGAGEMENT

> We expect revenue and operating income to be slightly better than 2001. > Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) are expected to come in around $375 million, or approximately 30 percent of revenues. > Capital expenditures should be in the $40 million range.
LOOKING

one example of a business alliance adjacent to our core competencies. As we pursue the opportunities that promise the greatest return to shareholders, we will engage our Business Alignment Model as a guide. We also will engage employees, customers and clients, vendors and business partners, the board of directors and our shareholders, to create what I believe will be a very exciting future. I invite you to turn the page and read more.

AHEAD...

A THANK YOU
Before closing this letter, I want to thank our 6,800-plus actively engaged employees across the country for a great year. I also extend a heartfelt thankyou to Cal Aurand who will retire from Deluxe's board on May 7 of this year. Cal, you will be missed. Sincerely,

When I look out over the next several years, I see opportunities for this great company. First, in terms of our core business of checks and related products: there is strong support for our belief that checks will be around for many years. Late in 2001, the Federal Reserve published a study on the payment industry. We were pleased, but not surprised, that checks remain the consumer's most popular non-cash method of payment. Second, I see a future in non-check areas. Our recently announced agreement to provide eFunds Corporation with the information pipeline to deliver services to their financial institution clients is just

Lawrence J. Mosner Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

THE

POWER OF ENGAGEMENT
Deluxe's board of directors toured the Chicago facility in January, 2002, and talked with employees about their jobs. Clockwise from upper left: Ray Capa and director Chuck Haggerty; Carlos Custodio and director Cheryl Mayberry McKissack; Eva Grabek and director Bob Salipante; Andria Matthews, director Martyn Redgrave and Regina Clayborn.

