"

Across Deluxe, our teams are squarely focused on finding innovative products and services that help small businesses and financial institutions grow their revenue.

"

Fellow Shareholders,

This year marked Deluxe's entrance into our second century of business and we believe our experience and reputation as a trusted partner has established a great foundation for us to continue to grow into the future. In 2016, we grew total company revenue for the seventh consecutive year for the first time in 20 years. Marketing solutions and other services (MOS) revenue grew 16 percent to $617 million and now represents over 33 percent of total company revenue. During the year, we deepened our commitment in the MOS space through innovatively growing our base business and through the acquisitions of Inkhead, Payce Payroll, Data Support Systems, and FMCG Direct. Through our Small Business Revolution initiative including our "Main Street Makeover" and marketing web services series, we continued to expose Deluxe to millions of small businesses, driving more awareness of Deluxe as a partner that can help them operate their business through our legacy check and form offerings and also help them acquire and retain customers through our MOS offerings. We ended 2016 with 4.4 million small business customers and approximately 5,600 financial institution customers. Once again, our focus on increasing efficiency and productivity delivered approximately $50 million of cost reductions in the year. Cash flow from operations grew for the eighth consecutive year, we returned nearly $114 million to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases, invested $271 million in acquisitions and realized an all-time high stock price.

Small Business Services

Revenue grew nearly 4 percent in 2016 and MOS revenue represented 32 percent of segment revenue. We continued to drive eMarketing services through logo design, website hosting and email marketing. We also expanded our payroll services offering with the acquisition of Payce Payroll, which provides the technology to offer payroll services to millions of our small business customers. Looking into 2017, the focus of our Small Business Services segment is primarily in two areas: ·Payments & Business Solutions ­ Drive core check customer retention and acquisition, develop new retail customer acquisition channels, profitably scale integrated marketing-on-demand solutions, and scale electronic payments and payment workflow solutions. ·Web Services ­ Grow digital marketing services through an improved customer experience and leverage our integrated Deluxe Marketing Suite across all customers and channels, scale payroll services, continue to drive our Deluxe brand awareness transformation with clear linkage to marketing and revenue generation, and assess tuck-in capability acquisitions.

Financial Services

Revenue grew nearly 10 percent in 2016 and we continued to make tremendous progress diversifying our revenue base with MOS revenue representing approximately 43 percent of segment revenue. We further enhanced the segment's treasury management solutions through the acquisition of Data Support Systems, which provides deeper receivables management, exception reporting, and reconciliation capabilities. Additionally, we expanded the segment's data driven marketing solutions through the acquisition of FMCG Direct. We believe FMCG Direct's financial technology solutions provide a unique and robust set of data and analytical capabilities that are squarely focused on helping financial institutions identify and acquire consumers and small business customers. Our 2017 focus in the Financial Services' segment is: ·Retail Banking ­ Drive core check customer retention and acquisition, continue to simplify processes and eliminate costs, grow data-driven marketing solutions by leveraging proprietary data with robust analytics, and assess tuck-in acquisitions. ·Commercial Banking ­ Grow treasury management solutions, profitably scale and integrate previous acquisitions and assess tuck-in acquisitions focusing on serving the financial services market.

Transforming into an Indispensable Business Partner

In Small Business Services, we continue to focus on services designed to help small business owners market their business and grow their revenue. Our MOS solutions are focused on helping them brand, promote, and sell their products and services. In Financial Services, we continue to expand our service offering with innovative marketing solutions and other services designed to assist financial institutions in their endless quest to identify and acquire new customers. Through data-driven marketing solutions, digital enablement loyalty programs, and our treasury management solutions, we help financial institutions grow their revenue with additional tools available to help them protect and operate their business. Across Deluxe, our teams are squarely focused on finding innovative products and services that help small businesses and financial institutions grow their revenue. We remain dedicated to our strategy of transforming Deluxe into a growth services provider which has delivered consistent results over time and we believe 2017 will bring an eighth consecutive year of profitable revenue growth. In closing, I want to express my gratitude to the Deluxe Team for your steadfast commitment and dedication to growing our business, to our customers for allowing us to partner with you as you grow and operate your business, and to our shareholders for your continued confidence in Deluxe. All of us at Deluxe are committed to creating and enhancing value for our shareholders.

Direct Checks

Revenue declined approximately 7 percent in 2016. While we continue to be the nation's leading direct-to-consumer check supplier and operate an integrated, best-in-class direct-to-consumer check business, revenue continued to be negatively impacted from declining consumer check demand and an ongoing sluggish economy. Our focus in this segment for 2017 is to enhance revenue opportunities through efficient marketing programs and drive strong operating cash flow though effectively managing manufacturing costs and SG&A expenses.

Lee Schram Chief Executive Officer

