FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
It's an exciting time for D&B as we pursue new growth strategies, and I am honored to lead our company into the future. Since joining D&B in October 2013, I made it a priority to meet with as many customers, employees and investors as possible to better understand where our company has been and -- most important -- where we need to go. In every meeting, I was pleased to find a shared enthusiasm for D&B and its future. Tremendous opportunities await, and I believe that the steps we are taking in 2014 will put us on the path to sustainable long-term growth. We are on our way to becoming one global company delivering indispensable content through modern channels to serve new customer needs. We live in a data-driven world, where companies struggle to harness the value of big data while seeking credible, proven providers to help them identify their best prospects and grow their business. Fortunately for D&B, these challenges play to our strengths. We have the content -- by that, I mean the data, analytics and insights -- to help customers succeed. Our global commercial database currently contains more than 230 million business records. We see tremendous opportunity ahead as new use cases for content continue to grow. And our team is working quickly and creatively in multiple areas to respond to customers' evolving needs. During 2013, in the analytics area, we introduced 10 new scores in six global markets. In 2014, we plan to launch nearly double that number of scores in many more markets. In February 2014, we rolled out a monthly economic health tracker to help customers better understand what's happening in the marketplace and how it might impact them. To become indispensable to customers, we're expanding our content and modernizing our delivery mechanisms. You could say we are "liberating" our content -- separating it from historical distribution channels and making it more open and accessible. Mobile, social and cloud technologies are all on our radar as we transition from older, traditional platforms to more agile and customer-friendly approaches. new The push is on tophoto deliver our content in new configurable to come and customizable ways that we believe will generate greater value for customers and growth opportunities for our company.

" We are on our way to becoming one global company delivering indispensable content through modern channels to serve new customer needs."
These are just some of the ways we're shaking things up at D&B to create a more modern, global and customer-focused organization. Our focus is on the future and embracing the changes that will shape our company for years to come. We're well positioned with a detailed strategy, a new senior leadership team and a company-wide commitment to keep customers and the external market at the core of all we do. We're going to deliver for customers and, in the process, create a workplace that's among the best in the world. I want to thank our more than 4,600 team members worldwide for their unfailing dedication to our customers, their openness to change and their passion to make D&B all that it can be. To our customers, business partners and shareholders, thank you for your continued trust and support. It's a new day and a new future for D&B. We are glad to have you share the journey. Best,

Bob Carrigan
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation

D&B Annual Report 2013

1

