LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN

Dear Fellow Shareholders, 2015 was a year of continued progress against the strategy put in place under the leadership of our CEO, Bob Carrigan. While the Company is making needed changes to meet the challenges of the changing marketplace, our Board also is adapting to meet the highest standards of corporate governance. Over the past few years our 10-member Board has actively managed its turnover, adding diverse and relevant experience to the Board. This year, with the additions of Randy Mott and Cindy Christy, our Board now has an average tenure of less than four years. We are confident that the Board will continue to have the appropriate set of skills and experience necessary to provide management guidance and oversight, and to represent the interests of our shareholders. We have for years been proud of the diversity, dedication and talent on our Board. We currently have three female directors who, in addition to their contributions and insights provided in the Boardroom, give of their time to mentor and help develop Dun & Bradstreet's female leaders. They are important role models within the organization. Reflecting this diversity, Dun & Bradstreet's Board was recognized twice last year. We received a 2015 Corporate Board Diversity award from the Executive Women of New Jersey, and were acknowledged by the Women's Forum Corporate Board Initiative as one of the Fortune 1000/S&P 500 companies with at least 20 percent of its board seats held by women. We recognize that being a best-in-class director requires continuing education to stay current in corporate governance. In 2015, we engaged the National Association of Corporate Directors to host an on-site training program for the full Board on corporate governance "hot topics" and emerging trends, as well as best practices for Board leadership and guidance on creating and sustaining shareholder value. Staying current and following best practices with our governance policies is a key focus of the Board, and we have made major enhancements over the last several years. In 2013, we approved ­ and shareholders voted in favor of ­ amendments to our charter and by-laws to permit shareholders to take action by written consent. In 2015, we made further enhancements. Our Board approved ­ and shareholders voted in favor of ­ amendments to our charter and by-laws to reduce from 40 percent to 25 percent the aggregate ownership percentage required for holders of the Company's common stock to call a special meeting of shareholders, which is more in line with market practice. The Board also conducted a thorough review and analysis of the prevalent practices in proxy access by-laws and approved by-law provisions implementing proxy access. As a result, our by-laws now permit a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, owning 3 percent or more of Dun & Bradstreet's common stock for at least three years to nominate directors in the Company's annual meeting proxy materials.

" Staying current and

following best practices with our governance policies is a key focus of the Board, and we have made major enhancements over the last several years."

" We have for years

We are confident that these moves keep Dun & Bradstreet apace with the best practices in corporate governance, which in turn protects the Company and builds long-term value for you as a shareholder. Before closing, I would like to recognize two directors who retired during 2015, Sandi Peterson and Austin Adams. I would like to thank both Sandi and Austin for their invaluable contributions to the Dun & Bradstreet Board over their years of service. I hope you will join us at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation on Wednesday, May 4, 2016, at 8:00 a.m. at The Hilton Short Hills, 41 JFK Parkway, Short Hills, New Jersey. On behalf of our Board of Directors, I thank you for your continued support of Dun & Bradstreet. Sincerely,

been proud of the diversity, dedication and talent on our Board."

Christopher J. Coughlin Chairman of the Board The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation

