                                LETTER FROM THE CEO
 “We have made strategic investments to reinforce our leadership position in the marketplace.”
Fellow Shareholders,
2014 was an important and transformational year for Dun & Bradstreet. We launched a new strategy to set us on a path to sustainable revenue growth and began to transform Dun & Bradstreet into one global company, delivering indispensable content through modern channels to serve new customer needs. Today, I am pleased to report that we are well on our way to making that vision a reality.
In 2014, we delivered revenue growth in every quarter, hitting each of our guidance metrics and reversing the trend of previous years. We made strategic investments to reinforce our leadership position in the marketplace and to bolster our portfolio of data, insights and analytic solutions for our customers. Approximately one-third of these investments were targeted at refining the quality and consistency of our global data and developing global analytics to create new insights for our customers. Last year, we launched 19 new predictive scores, most of them outside of the United States, and added new proprietary data sources consistent with our global strategy.
We also completed two acquisitions, including the social data matching assets of Fliptop to give our customers new insight into the social profiles of businesses, and the cloud application development company, Indicee – now the Dun & Bradstreet Cloud Innovation Center – to update and globalize the delivery of our flagship credit risk product, DNBi.
Through our growing alliance relationships, we are enabling seamless, native integration of Dun & Bradstreet data into ERP and CRM systems, delivering data to customers when and where they need it. Last year, we invested in data-as-a-service to deliver the volume of data needed for the relationships we entered with SugarCRM, Oracle Cloud for Business, the Salesforce Wave analytics platform, and for higher- end analytics, Lattice Engines. These are starting to ramp up, and we expect to gain further traction in 2015.
We are also changing the way we work by taking an outside-in, modern and global approach to everything we do, starting with our brand and culture. Established before the telephone or light bulb, our company is woven into the fabric of Wall Street and Main Street. But no company as forward-looking as ours can afford to rest on its laurels.
I believe that a successful company is all about people and the relationships. As you can see from this report, we are revitalizing our brand and culture, placing relationships at the very heart of our new brand purpose: Dun & Bradstreet grows the most valuable relationships in business by uncovering truth and meaning from data. We believe that by forming the best possible relationships between data points, between businesses and between humans, we can help the right people win for the right reasons.

                                “There is an unmistakable new energy in the company, and that is evidenced in all we have accomplished in the last twelve months.”
We have also updated our values to ensure that our employees understand what we stand for and how we expect to conduct business with our customers around the world every day. Our commitment to our brand values inspires us to deliver on our most important relationships – with customers, prospects and partners – while serving as an example of a relationship-driven enterprise:
• Data inspired – We are passionate about the power of data. It is at the heart of everything we do.
• Relentlessly curious – We embrace the changes in the world around us. We know they bring new problems to solve, new things to learn and new ways to grow.
• Inherently generous – We succeed by helping others succeed. We openly share our time and talent, and we confidently welcome the help of others.
These changes are neither cosmetic, nor temporary. They reflect a passionate desire to secure and enhance Dun & Bradstreet’s reputation as an essential business partner for generations to come.
There is an unmistakable new energy in the company, and that is evidenced in all that we have accomplished in the last twelve months. I want to thank my 5,000 colleagues worldwide for their enthusiasm for change, their commitment to our customers, and their energy in taking our company forward. To our customers, partners and shareholders, thank you for your continued trust and support.
Dun & Bradstreet has an illustrious past. Now, together, we are securing an even more exciting future.
Best,
Bob Carrigan
President, Chief Executive Officer, & Director The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation
 