LETTER FROM THE CEO

Fellow Shareholders, I'm proud of the progress we made in 2015 on executing our strategy: to be one global company delivering indispensable content through modern channels to serve new customer needs with our forward-leaning culture. I'm energized by the significant strides we've made toward becoming a more agile and innovative company. And I'm excited about the foundation that we have laid for 2016 ­ our 175th year in business ­ and beyond. Our efforts in 2015 centered on helping companies grow the most valuable relationships in business. We do that by delivering the industry-leading Dun & Bradstreet data and analytics that our customers need to be more effective in their decision-making in everything from managing risk to generating new business. In 2015, we made significant investments to meet customer needs in two important areas. We acquired NetProspex Inc., which gave us strength and momentum in the professional contacts space, and Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Corp., which we merged with our small and mid-size business channel to create a new division, Dun & Bradstreet Emerging Businesses. Both acquisitions have generated immediate results. The Dun & Bradstreet NetProspex team is fostering innovation, taking the lead in the development of new sales and marketing solutions in areas such as programmatic advertising. And the acquisition of Credibility enabled us to reimagine how we serve emerging businesses and put us on a path to turn that channel into a driver of growth for Dun & Bradstreet. We also were able to leverage Credibility's technology platform to accelerate development and delivery of our next-generation risk intelligence platform. 2015 also brought investment in content and analytics. We have improved our global breadth and quality of data, and now have more than 250 million business records in our databases; we continue to add to our team of data scientists; and we have turned Analytics into its own line of business, as our customers increasingly rely on us for detailed custom analysis. We continued to grow our alliance relationships, adding 16 partnerships in 2015 with key companies such as Adobe, Informatica, and NetSuite, providing new avenues for customers to receive our data. Regarding our financial results for 2015*, I'm pleased that we achieved all of our 2015 guidance metrics. Full-Year As Adjusted revenue grew 7 percent in 2015, with organic revenue up 1 percent. In fact, growth in organic sales was up 3 percent in the year, outpacing organic revenue growth. This is largely because we are selling more of our subscription and usage-based solutions, where revenue is recognized over time, rather than at the time of sale. The success of these products, which include newer, cloud-based products such as Optimizer for Contacts and D&B Direct, demonstrates how we are meeting customers' needs for as-a-service and cloud-based solutions.

" I am particularly proud that the cultural transformation of Dun & Bradstreet into a modern, outside-in, forwardleaning company is taking root."

" The new, modern Dun & Bradstreet is a place where increased agility means being able to adapt to the lightning-fast changes in our industry to provide real solutions for our customers."

Also in 2015, we modernized our brand through our purpose and values. We revealed a beautiful new logo and creative expression that ties our history to our future, as you'll see throughout these pages. We are incorporating the spirit of our brand into our offices, creating workplaces that encourage collaboration and innovation. And we continued to transform our culture, modernizing our approach to employee performance, expanding benefits including paid parental leave, and investing in learning and development programs. Our newly launched values truly took hold in 2015, and our employees' inherent generosity was most visible in the launch of our Do Good program. Over the course of the year, employees supported 639 charities, donated more than 6,700 hours of volunteer work, and prepared more than 42,000 meals to help the needy. I am particularly proud that the cultural transformation of Dun & Bradstreet into a modern, outside-in, forward-leaning company is taking root. As I meet with my colleagues around the world, I hear their pride in what we've accomplished since unveiling our growth strategy, their great excitement over where we're going, and real enthusiasm about being part of the new Dun & Bradstreet. The new, modern Dun & Bradstreet is a place where increased agility means being able to adapt to the lightning-fast changes in our industry to provide real solutions for our customers. It's a place where we continue to invest in growth areas, with our customers' needs at the core. It's a place where a forward-leaning culture is fueled by our employees' drive and collaboration. Most importantly, it's where we come to work every day laser-focused on helping our customers grow the most valuable relationships in business. I want to thank my 5,000 colleagues around the world for their continued generosity, curiosity and passion for data, and our customers, partners and shareholders for your trust and support. I'm proud of our accomplishments in 2015 and excited about our prospects in 2016. Best,

Bob Carrigan Chief Executive Officer and Director The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation

* See "How We Manage Our Business" and "Results of Operations" of "Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the attached Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for a discussion of why the Company uses non-GAAP financial measures and the schedules of reconciliation of certain non-GAAP to GAAP measures included at the end of the attached Proxy Statement.

