LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO

Fellow Shareholders, In early 2014, we launched an ambitious strategy to modernize Dun & Bradstreet, focusing on our brand and our culture while taking important steps to expand our lead in data and analytics, and enhance the way that we deliver our content to our customers. Our goal has been to take an outside-in view of the company to ensure that we meet the needs of our customers. In 2016, we have again made great progress against our strategy, resulting in solid financial performance that met all of our full-year guidance metrics. Since we launched our strategy, Dun & Bradstreet has achieved consistent low-single-digit organic revenue growth after five years of flat performance. In 2016, we reached $1.7 billion in annual revenue (2 percent organic growth), $449 million in as adjusted operating income (3 percent growth), $7.35 in as adjusted diluted Earnings Per Share (EPS) (1 percent growth), and $263 million of free cash flow. These results* provide evidence that our strategy is working. Our improved top-line performance has come as a result of our investment in our core competency ­ data and analytics ­ and in the delivery of our content. In fact, it is our newer modern delivery products, an area where we invested early after launching our strategy, that are growing the fastest in the risk management and sales and marketing categories. Now, our focus is on enhancing our legacy solutions in both categories ­ a process we started with the launch of D&B Credit and are continuing into 2017 with a new approach to traditional prospecting. To that end, in 2016, we crossed an important threshold, as we now generate more than 20 percent of our total revenue in the Americas from our cloud-based and as-a-service solutions. Modern as-a-service delivery, which features data that is always on and constantly updated, is good for our customers as it puts our data in their workflows, across platforms, and provides the freshest insights. Our as-a-service solutions, such as D&B Direct, Optimizer for Contacts, and our Credit-on-Self solutions, are growing quickly, which is an exciting trend that validates our strategy to focus on modernizing delivery. We are continuing the transition of our solutions across the business to as-a-service delivery to enhance their value for both our customers and our shareholders. In 2016, we launched D&B Credit, our next-generation risk intelligence platform. Modernizing our primary offering in trade credit has been a top priority for our company, and we did so with customer input and feedback throughout the process. The new D&B Credit delivers the best solution currently available in this category ­ including a version for small businesses. With our industry-leading global data and analytics delivered in a sleek, modern interface, our customers are empowered to make better credit decisions. Our merger and acquisition strategy has helped drive the momentum we are seeing in our legacy trade credit business. The acquisition of Credibility Corp. has exceeded all original acquisition metrics, and delivered even more than we had originally envisioned by providing the platform on which we built D&B Credit. We are taking a similar approach to our traditional prospecting business. In January 2017, we acquired Avention, the Massachusetts-based maker of the OneSource technology platform. Avention had made significant investments in its leading OneSource application to provide users with timely and prescriptive sales alerts and triggers. This content is also plugged into third-party CRM and Marketing Automation Systems so sales and marketing professionals can access this critical data when, where and how they need it. The acquisition allows us to marry our world-class commercial business and professional contact data with Avention's intuitive and robust platform to widen our lead in the emergent Sales Acceleration category.

Modern as-aservice delivery, which features data that is always on and constantly updated, is good for our customers as it puts our data in their workflows, across platforms, and provides the freshest insights."

Our global data strategy has always been centered on having the best local and global data available in every market."

In addition to enhancing the way that we deliver our content, we continued to invest in the underlying data and analytics that our customers rely upon to make critical business decisions. In 2016, we grew our commercial database from 250 million to 265 million business records. We are proud to say that we have more data and insights about businesses than any other information company on the planet. Our global data strategy has always been centered on having the best local and global data available in every market. To accomplish this, we have the best local partners, connected through the Dun & Bradstreet Worldwide Network, who provide business information on companies from more than 239 countries. In 2016, we shifted our Latin America and Benelux regions to Worldwide Network partnership models, which provides a competitive advantage for us and improves our data for our customers. And we see that competitive advantage taking root in how our customers view us. With the goal of always focusing on the customer, our team of nearly 5,000 employees around the globe imagines that a Dun & Bradstreet customer is in every meeting room, conference call or conversation that we have. This way, we will continue to make business decisions with our customers in mind. We are proud that we achieved a 22-point increase in our 2016 Net Promoter Score, a standard measure of customer loyalty, which represents a dramatic improvement in our customer engagement and satisfaction. Driving positive customer experiences starts with a team of employees who make it a priority every day to live our values to be data inspired, relentlessly curious and inherently generous with our customers, partners and suppliers. It's this kind of commitment and enthusiasm that shone through in everything we did in 2016 and underscores all that the employees of this great company have done to establish our brand as a trusted name in business for the last 175 years. On behalf of all of us at Dun & Bradstreet, I would like to extend my gratitude to you, our shareholders, for your ongoing support of Dun & Bradstreet. Our best years are ahead of us.

Bob Carrigan Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation

* See footnote to 2016 Highlights.

