Dole Food Company, Inc. Board of Directors
(Seated, left to right): David H. Murdock, Richard M. Ferry, Andrew J. Conrad, Ph.D. (Standing, left to right): David A. DeLorenzo, C. Michael Carter, Justin M. Murdock, Scott A. Griswold, Richard J. Dahl, David H. Murdock, Jr., Edward C. Roohan, Roberta Wieman

diet and inactivity is on the verge of surpassing tobacco as the leading cause of preventable death, according to a watershed report released by the Centers for Disease Control. Excess weight and lack of exercise now contributes to 400,000 deaths a year--representing an increase of 33% over the past decade. In order to help combat these unhealthy trends, the Dole Nutrition Institute is bringing the most definitive nutritional information to thousands of consumers through its newsletter,

brochures, website, and published articles. The Institute's innovative employee wellness program has helped many employees to lose weight, improve fitness, lower cholesterol and improve health--while helping Dole to lead by example as an advocate for better diet and daily exercise. As part of the wellness program, a "model café" was created with the total revamping of the menu in Dole's corporate employees' dining facilities, encompassing a near total elimination of saturated fat, junk foods, sugar sodas, etc. and including the addition of a fresh juice and smoothie bar, the expansion of fish and vegetarian selections, and a "Daily Dole" special, low in calories and fat. The Company continues its investment in deep plowing as part of its commitment to sustainable agriculture and better nutrition. Now in its eleventh year, the practice of deep plowing rejuvenates the soil, reaching up to three feet deep, while conventional plowing merely turns the topsoil. By this process, Dole was able to eliminate most banana pests (known as nematodes), producing taller, healthier plants with greater yields.

DOLE ® Spring Mix Salad Blend
Launched in early 2004 as part of a new line of clamshell packaged salad blends, DOLE 7 oz. Spring Mix Salad Blend offers a convenient new twist on already popular salad blends. Packaged in clear, reusable plastic clamshell containers, this product combines great taste, versatility and value. Other blends available in clamshell packaging include Baby Spinach and Baby Romaine.

2

(Left to right): Robert Slavin, Mayor, Westlake Village; Dr. Andrew J. Conrad; David H. Murdock; California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger; Leonard D. Schaeffer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, WellPoint Health Networks, Inc.; Denny Weinberg, Executive Vice President, WellPoint Health Networks, Inc.

The most important ground broken this year was that of the new Dole Wellness Center, Spa and Hotel. On March 12, 2004, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger joined in a groundbreaking ceremony for an over 700,000 square-foot complex to comprise medical facilities with physicians on-site providing state-of-the-art diagnostic services; a 267-room five-star hotel to be operated by a first class hotel and resort company; a full-service spa and fitness center; a conference center and an ultra-modern TV production facility focusing on health and wellbeing programming; and an interactive wellbeing center to be developed in partnership with a prominent health plan manager. This new health and nutrition center, to be built adjacent to Dole's World Headquarters in Westlake Village, California, is a natural extension of Dole's goal to provide people with not just the knowledge but the tools and treatments to fight disease and upgrade their quality of life. Visitors will be empowered not just to learn but to live fuller, longer, more vibrant lives.

Governor Schwarzenegger said: "This is going to be an extraordinary center. I've seen the plans. It's absolutely remarkable...this is going to be one of those places the rest of the world will know." The groundbreaking was one of the most exciting days of my life. I look forward to the completion of construction of the complex in March 2006. The achievements of this past year are a reflection of the incredible dedication, creativity, and teamwork of everyone at Dole Food Company. I am extremely proud of the men and women that have made this year of new beginnings possible. They have my sincerest thanks and my confidence, as we move forward to cultivating these beginnings and watch them bear fruit. Sincerely,

David H. Murdock Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
3

