A Message from Mr. Lawrence A. Kern
During 2002, Dole Food Company, Inc. continued to build upon the solid foundation we established in 2001. Dole's management team worked together to achieve financial results for 2002, which were significantly improved over 2001. Total earnings before interest expense and taxes ("EBIT") from continuing operations was $291 million for 2002 compared to $63 million for 2001, which includes the $133 million in pre-tax business reconfiguration charges recorded in 2001. Dole's Fresh Fruit segment posted improved results for 2002 with strong performances in North America, Europe and Asia. Our volumes of North American bananas, Dole Premium Select® pineapples, and Chilean and South African deciduous fruit continue to increase. We are particularly pleased about the growth of our Dole Premium Select pineapple and organic banana programs. Dole's Fresh Vegetables segment posted improved results for 2002 with weaker Lawrence A. Kern commodity pricing offset by continued growth in our packaged salads business. Dole President and Chief Operating Officer increased its packaged salads share leadership by a full share point during 2002,closing 2002 with a 38.2% market share. Dole's Packaged Foods segment also posted improved results for 2002 achieving market share gains in canned pineapple as well as Fruit Bowls®. Fruit Bowls' market share continued to grow during 2002, closing the year at 43.9%, which was up 4.2 share points from last year. Finally, Dole's Fresh Flowers segment narrowed its operating loss during 2002 as a result of an improved cost structure. We are encouraged with our progress in the Fresh Flowers segment and expect that trend to continue. During 2002, we completed the previously announced divestiture of non-core assets with the sales of our Pascual Hermanos vegetable business in Spain and our Saman dried fruit and nut business in France. We have identified 100% of our total $200 million in annual operating improvements to future operating results that should be realized on a steady state basis by the end of 2003. To date, Dole has achieved over 95% of our $200 million steady state goal, which benefited Dole's earnings in 2001 and 2002. Going forward, Dole will enjoy a significantly improved cost structure. The year 2002 saw a number of management changes. Richard J. Dahl joined the Company asVice President and Chief Financial Officer. He was previously president and chief operating officer of Pacific Century Financial Corporation and Bank of Hawaii. John T. Schouten was promoted to the position of President ­ Dole Fresh Flowers. He previously served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of all commodity operations for Dole Fresh Vegetables. Joseph S.Tesoriero was appointed Vice President ­Tax. Prior to joining Dole, he served as Senior Vice President of Tax for Global Crossing, Ltd. Thomas W. Crowell was promoted to Vice President and Chief Information Officer. He was previouslyVice President and Chief Information Officer of the Company's FreshVegetables division and, prior to joining Dole, he had extensive experience in the food industry. Yoon J. Hugh was promoted to Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. She previously served as Assistant Controller of Dole. Sue Hagen was promoted to the position of Vice President ­ Human Resources. She previously served as Vice President ­ Human Resources North America Operations. After 36 years of dedicated service, George Horne,Vice President Administration and Support Operations, has decided to retire from Dole Food Company. With a strong management team now in place, we look forward to meeting the challenges facing us in 2003 as a much stronger company. Sincerely,

Lawrence A. Kern, President and Chief Operating Officer March 2003


The benefits of lutein.
One serving of Dole baby spinach contains 6 mg of lutein ­ clinically proven to protect eyesight from the deterioration caused by aging.
-3-

