A Message from the Dole Nutrition Institute
The link between food and health promises to be one of the biggest challenges ­ and opportunities ­ of the century. What we eat should give life, not take it. Yet obesity in America has reached epidemic proportions. Diets high in sugar, processed carbohydrates and animal fats add up to too many calories, and too few essential vitamins and nutrients.The crisis has sparked various reactions ­ from class action lawsuits against fast food companies, to invasive medical procedures, to fad diets. Yet nature herself offers a simpler, healthier solution. Medical opinion is unanimous: increasing consumption of fruits and vegetables is fundamental to maintaining a healthy weight and meeting basic nutritional needs. Every day new scientific research reveals ways in which fruits and vegetables prevent and even reverse disease. We at Dole Food Company have always believed in providing consumers with the freshest fruits and vegetables. As chairman of the world's largest produce supplier, David H. Murdock wanted to take this mission one step further: to water the seeds of knowledge, and provide the public with the latest, most definitive, and most comprehensive information on nutrition and health. Thus the Dole Nutrition Institute was born. The Dole Nutrition Institute is a non-profit research, education and advocacy organization aimed at helping people "eat to live." In the months ahead, we plan to:
Subsidize scientific inquiry into the specific health benefits of certain fruits and vegetables at the world's leading universities,and host academic symposia publicizing the results.


Sponsor 5 A Day and other nutrition-education programs in schools,and campaign to improve the nutritional value of school lunch programs.


Develop the "Dole Nutrition System"­ a complete program of produce and new products that provides individuals with all their dietary needs.


Launch an on-line service to provide consumers with useful,personalized information, helping them to meet their health and dietary goals.


Offer helpful,easy-to-understand materials to let people know what nutrients they need, why they need them,and what foods they should eat to get them.


Publish 365 Days of Nutrition ­ with health facts,meal plans and easy recipes.

These are just a few of the ways we at the Dole Nutrition Institute ­ and all of us at Dole Food Company ­ are stepping forward to take the lead in expanding the knowledge, growing the foods, developing the products and providing the tools people need to "eat to live" longer, healthier, more vital lives. Sincerely,

Jennifer A. Grossman, Vice President Director, Dole Nutrition Institute March 2003
-4-

ought to you by Global Reports

