 Letter to Shareholders
 2
We are pleased to report that Dover delivered a strong financial performance in 2003, generating the second highest sales and third highest net earnings per share from continuing operations in our history. These positive results, driven primarily by the dramatic turnaround at Dover Technologies and a robust per- formance by Dover Resources, provide a strong indication that the deep manu- facturing recession of the past three years appears to have ended. They are also a testament to the ability of Dover's operating management to increase our operating leverage in the face of mature markets while continuing to develop innovative new products and invest for future growth. As a result, we believe that Dover is well-positioned to capital- ize on the growing demand in the mar- kets we serve. Many of the aggressive cost saving and revenue enhancing ini- tiatives we undertook in 2002 and 2003 have already begun to yield positive results, and we expect them to con- tribute to further earnings improvements in 2004.
A Differentiated Manufacturer
We believe that manufacturing remains a vitally important activity for enhancing the value of our shareholders’ investment in Dover. This is especially true at a time when the production of thousands of items – particularly non-dif- ferentiated manufactured goods – is shifting to Asia. Dover pursues a flexible and opportunistic production model to ensure that no matter where in the world our products are made, they continue to be differentiated by their superior design, engineering, quality and function- ality. This approach enables us to offer competitive pricing by taking advantage of shifting global trends, further extend- ing our market leadership.
Many of our companies find it advan- tageous to source components globally to add more value in the design, engi- neering and final assembly of their prod- ucts. A broader global presence also enhances their outstanding customer service support and channel manage- ment capabilities. Maintaining close rela- tionships with our customers and work- ing together with them to design innova- tive solutions to meet their needs is an integral part of the value we provide.
Going forward, we believe that our global balance will represent an increas- ingly important competitive advantage for us.
Dover Technologies' turnaround was fueled in large part by the success of its CBAT (Circuit Board Assembly and Test) companies in selling equipment to rapid- ly expanding ODM (Original Design and Manufacture) and EMS (Electronic Manufacturing Services) companies located in China. Universal Instruments, for example, was one of the first non- Asian companies to build a new CBAT assembly facility in China to serve local markets there, which now account for more than 40% of its sales. Universal has also established warehousing and global trading operations in Hong Kong and relocated tactical staff to Asia to enhance its capabilities in the region. Imaje, which has sold its inkjet marking equipment in Asia, including China since 1986, has also greatly expanded its product offerings and is maintaining its leadership in this strong and growing market.
Differentiation has been Dover's "sweet spot" for almost half a century. The fact that we are now executing our strategy globally plays to many of Dover’s strengths and gives us the opportunity to be significantly ahead of more recent arrivals to the game. Our
proven experience, coupled with our intense customer focus, and deep deter- mination to win, give us a foundation for continued long-term success.
Largest Acquisition
On October 1, 2003, Dover complet- ed its largest ever acquisition with the $326 million purchase of WARN Industries, the world's most recognized brand in winches and wheel hubs for off- road vehicles. WARN makes equipment and accessories to enhance the per- formance of four-wheel drive and all-ter- rain vehicles. The Oregon based compa- ny, founded in 1948 to manufacture locking hubs to convert World War II Jeeps into on-road vehicles, developed the first recreational winch in 1959. In addition to specialized wheel hubs, WARN makes self-recovery, towing and utility winches.
WARN is continuing its history of category creating innovations with its latest product category: WARN Works®, a line of utility winches to meet the tow- ing and hoisting needs of contractors and handymen.
Acquisitions have played a vital role in fueling Dover's long-term growth. Historically, Dover acquisitions have fall- en into two categories: stand-alone com- panies, which were profitable enterpris- es that had strong, committed manage- ments and were a good "fit" with Dover’s entrepreneurial culture; and add- ons, which were incorporated into exist- ing Dover companies to expand their size and scale. More recently, we have further refined our rigorous criteria for stand-alone acquisitions to focus on seeking out platform companies with the breadth, depth and product innovation capability to drive significant future growth. WARN is an exceptional exam- ple of this kind of company.

Thomas L. Reece
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Ronald L. Hoffman
President and Chief Operating Officer
   A Dover Transition
Effective July 1, 2003, the Board of Directors appointed Ronald L. Hoffman President and Chief Operating Officer. He was formerly President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Resources. David J. Ropp, formerly Executive Vice President of Dover Resources, has been named as the new President and CEO of Dover Resources. Ron Hoffman has a strong manufacturing background and proven leadership ability. In 1985, he led a management buyout of Tulsa Winch and expanded the company through acquisitions after it was purchased by Dover in 1996. He continued to run Tulsa Winch successfully until he was
promoted to Executive Vice President and later President and CEO of Dover Resources.
In the first stage of the management transition, Thomas L. Reece will remain the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Dover. Since its founding 49 years ago, Dover has had only four chief executives: Fred Durham, Thomas Sutton, Gary Roubos and Thomas Reece. Dover's extended succession process is intended both to assure a smooth transition and to preserve the company's unique and highly successful culture.
There were a number of other man- agement changes among Dover’s execu- tive ranks in 2003. Lewis E. Burns, who had been with the company for many years, retired as President and CEO of Dover Industries at mid-year and was succeeded by Timothy J. Sandker, the former Executive Vice President of Dover Industries. New operating compa- ny presidents include Claus K. Lichtenberg at Alphasem (Technologies), Brian J. Kett at Triton Systems (Industries), Paul N. Brauss at Mark Andy (Diversified), and Michael G. Clute at Texas Hydraulics (Resources). These and other new appointments within our organization reflect our ability to develop the talent we need to continue growing and meeting the challenges that lie ahead.
A Positive Outlook for 2004
We are confident that Dover will continue its sales and earnings growth in 2004. The far reaching cost reduc- tion steps our companies have taken, coupled with their aggressive invest- ments in new product development, improved technology, and marketing
and sales channel expansion, will pay even bigger dividends in the years ahead. Markets that remained soft in 2003 for many of our companies are beginning to strengthen, and those companies that did well in the past year are positioned for even greater suc- cess. All of Dover Technologies' com- panies stand to benefit from the contin- ued surge in electronic manufacturing in China and increased momentum in other key regional markets.
Strong free cash flow from our busi- nesses, coupled with Dover's financial strength (our debt-to-capitalization ratio was a conservative 20% at year-end) will enable us to continue to make attrac- tive, value-adding acquisitions that meet our stringent criteria for price, quality and growth prospects.
We would like to close by commend- ing our management teams and all of Dover's employees for their hard work and dedication during the difficult period from which we are now emerging. We would also like to thank our sharehold- ers, customers and suppliers for their continued goodwill and support.
As always, we remain firmly focused on delivering exceptional returns to our shareholders and look forward to build- ing on last year’s strong performance in 2004.
Sincerely,
Thomas L. Reece
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Ronald L. Hoffman
President and Chief Operating Officer
  February 27, 2004
3
 