Letter to Shareholders




Performance Counts!

 
2005 was a truly outstanding year of significant performance improvements at Dover driven by our relentless pursuit of five operational metrics that support the theme of "Performance Counts". Our operating companies generated record revenue, orders, backlog and the second highest earnings from continuing operations in Dover's history. We also invested a record $1.1 bil­lion on acquisitions to drive future growth, including our $750 mil­ lion purchase of Knowles Electronics - Dover 's largest acquisi­tion to date. We are confident that Knowles will be a major con­tributor to Dover 's future performance.
We also implemented some productive organizational changes in 2005. As a result of our new six-subsidiary structure and the addition of several new Individuals to the executive team, we increased focus on operational improvements , expanded our acquisition capacity and began a process of strategic portfolio reviews . We  believe  these  actions,  together  with   the "Performance Counts " initiatives, will enable us to achieve and maintain world-class operational excellence in the years ahead.
In connection with our 50th anniversary last year, we also
reaffirmed our commitment to the core values (as outlined on the inside back cover of this report) that have seNed us so well for half a century. Going forward, we remain committed to providing our customers with outstanding products and services and - above all - to presenting the foundation of high ethics, trust. respect and open communication between our companies and employees on which our culture is based. Autonomy, or "running the business as if you own it,.. and the relentless search for new companies that meet our proven acquisition criteria will also remain important cornerstones of Dover's unique culture.

RECORD GROWTH
Dover posted record revenue of more than $6 billion last year, setting new records at five of our six segments. Income from continuing operations was $474 million or $2.32 diluted earnings per share, a 21% increase over the previous year and our second best performance to date. Adding in the gains and losses from the compa­nies divested and impaired during the year, our EPS was $2.50. a 24% year-o ver-year increase.
Dover 's improved perform­ance in 2005 was driven by strong economic conditions , pri­marily in domestic markets; improved pricing; internal cost structure enhance­ments; and market share gains at a number of our operating companies. Five of our six segments posted double-digit gains in earnings and revenue. Dover Resources was the earnings leader with earn­ings up 28% on a 23% increase in revenue. Resources benefit­ ed from improved commodity prices that drove solid gains in its Oil and Gas equipment businesses, and also posted record sales and earnings in its Fluid Solutions and Material Handling sectors, aided by recent acquisitions and operational improvements .
Dover Diversified's solid results reflected growth in its aero ­ space business. aided by the acquisition of Avborne. Diversified also posted gains from strong agricultural and construction mar­ kets along with a favorable energy market that resulted in an improved performance in its Industrial bearings business. As part of our ongoing portfolio evaluation, Diversified divested Hydratight Sweeney and announced the sale of Tranter PHE. which will be completed after it receives regulatory approval.
Dover Electronics had a highly successful year which includ­ed the completion of a significant plant consolidation at Vectron and the establishment of two new group companies: Microwave Products and Ceramic Products . These results are particularly impressive given the disruptive impact of Hurricane Katrina on Triton, our ATM manufacturer located in  Long  Beach, Mississippi. Electronics completed two major acquisitions  last year - Knowles Electronics and Colder Products - which give it a significant presence in the medical and life sciences markets.
 
lion with only 6% margins over the past twelve months. In 2006. we will continue our portfolio evaluation, refining our focus on key markets that will drive future growth. Based on the current quality of acquisition prospects, we am optimistic that we will find additional opportunities to add to Dover's portfolio of high performance entrepreneurial companies.
 
Dover  Electronics  expects  to see additional improvements in	RECORP 
ACQUISITION INVESTMENTS
2006 driven by the full year impact  of the two new acquisitlons	Our acquisition efforts focused on finding larger, entrepreneurial and the completed restructuring at Vectron. compian1es with strong growth characteristics. favorable market
 
Dover Industries made substantial operational  improvements at both Heil Trailer and Heit Envfronmental. resulting in higher earnings and margins on increased sales.
Industries improved its earnings during each quarter of the year and increased its operating margln by 100 basis points over the course of the year. Somero and Koolant Koolers were divested as part of Industries portfolio review process .
Dover Systems posted  excellent results powered by a record year at Hill­ PHOENIX and double-digit gains in revenue and earnings ar Belvac. Unified Brands (formerly DI Foodservice) recorded strong improvements under new lead•
 
dynamics and accretive margins, Our proven acquisition screening process. coupled with this disciplined focus and a strong
pipeline of high-quality acquisition candi­dates. allowed LIS to invest a record $1 .1 billion in 10 new acquisitions.
The two newer " stand alone" compa­nies we acquired are Knowles Electronics and Colder Products. Knowles is the premier global supplier of hearing aid transducers and is currently the only manufac­turer of Micro Electrical Mechanical Systems <MEMS) microphones for use in a wide variety of high-growth consumer electronics products . particularly cell phones, PDAs and video cameras. We
 
ersh1p . Sy stem·s
 
strong operational focus
 
believe Knowle·s proven technical expert­
 
generated signifrcant leverage on incremental sales for the year.
Dover Technologies' results reflect further improvements 1n its Product ldentlficatfon and Printing companies, and a signifi• cant pipeline of new products will help drive future growth 1n this sector. The Circuit Assembly and Test (CAT) companies faced uneven market condlt1ons but posted fourth quarter bookings that were the strongest since the segment's record results in 2000.

PORTFOLIO ASSESSMENT
As part of establishing the new six-segment structure, we have undertaken comprehensive strategic assessments of the mar• kets we serve at the subsidiary level. Some of the factors we analyzed during last year's review .process include market growth rates, sustainability of earnings and Dover 's level of partidpatton in key end markets. As a resu lt. we made considerable progress in defining the growth platforms and organizational structure that will drive Dover's future acquisition and divestiture strategy. Our portfolio review has resulted in mov1ng seven companies into dis­ continued operations. Four of those companies  have  already been sold, generating a net gain of $159 million. These seven companies collectively posted sales of approximately $280 mil.
 
ise, strong management team and market leadership posit ion will drive further advancements in its core business. which serves the growing hearing care needs of the aging " baby boomer" generation. Colder is the market leader in speciatly, low pressure, quick disconnect couplers for use in medical and biotechnology markets as well as a wide variety of industrial applications .
Dover also completed eight "add-on" acquisitions in 2005, expanding our presence in the aerospace component service. oil and gas extraction, product identification and semi-conductor test markets. Once these companies have been fully integrated into existing businesses , they are expected to make meaningful contributions to Dover's future growth. We expect these ten acquisitions we made in 2005 to add over $500 million of new revenue in 2006 and provide accretive earnings to help us meet our established margin targets .

PERFORMANCE COUNTS
Dover 's long-term financial performance is based on three key business " ingredients '' . all of which are critical to the Performance Counts initiative that is driving our quest to deliver improved operational excellence at each of our compa­nies.
 
-
3





 

Arst. we put a lot of emphasis on organic growth, which is fueled by new product development. responsive customer seN­ ice. pricing initiatives and market share gains. We believe that market-leading companies must continually reinvent themselves to better serve thelr customers, and expanding Dover 's global reach has been an important component of this strategy. In 2005, Dover companies produced strong organic growth in excess of 8% of sales. which validates the strategic initiatives of our operating companies.
SeaontJ we have renewed our commitment to operational excellence as a core competency. Our management team has embraced five key metrics. " 8 -10 -15 -2 0 -25 ". that will drive Dover's performance to world class standards. Our companies are focused on achieving 8 inventory turns. 10 % annual earn­ings growth over a business cycle,  15 %  operating  margins, 20 % or less working capital to sales, and 25 % after tax return on operating company invested capital. At year-end, inventory turns were up 1.1 turns to 6.0, operating margin improved 40 basis points and working capital as a percentage of revenue went down 1.3 points to 21.1 %. We currently have 52% of rev­ enue produced at Dover metric margins of 15 % or above and 25% of our revenue was operating at or above the 8 inventory turn target. I am very pleased with our improved performance and confident that our management team is committed to the theme of "Performance Counts" .
Tlw d, as we look back at a very successful year. it is clear that the talented people who work for Dover continue to be our most important asset. Given our highly autonomous operating culture, we expect every individual to make a contribution to Dover's overall success. The most visible. and most important position, is that af a Dover operating company president. During 2005 , we replaced 14 Presidents due to either planned retirements or performance issues within the business. It is a testa­ment to our focus on developing management talent that ten of these new Presidents were internal promotions. We continue to place great emphasis on succession planning and the cultivation of our management talent pool so that we can provide growth opportunities to proven performers who embrace the Dover culture.

MANAGEMENT TRANSITION COMPLETED
David Van Loan was recently named President and  CEO  of Dover Technologies succeeding John Pomeroy. Dave's proven leadership. entrepreneurial background and strategic vision pro­ vide the necessary expertise to successfully guide the future pe,formance of this important segment. I want to sincerely thank John Pomeroy for his many great years of service to Dover. John was instrumental fn building Dover Technologies and producing solid results that helped create value for Dover shareholders.
 

We are also grateful to John for facilitating. an orderly leadership transition during Dave 's first few months on the job.
With Dave fnplace, Dover has successfully completed the transition of all of its subsidiary  leadership positions  over  the past three years. These seamless transitions were an important step in Dover 's leadership evolution and were all completed with internal promotions .

A BRIGHT FUTURE
Reflecting on my first year as CEO of Dover. I am very pleased with the many revenue and earnings records set by the talented employees 1n our operating companies . Our new subsidiary structure and executive team are providing an increased level of focus on global operational improvements and driving synergies that will improve shareholder value. Based on our solid accom­plishments of the past year and leading Indicators for 2006, we are optimistic about what the future holds. Our broad industrial markets remain strong, backlogs are at record levels and we expect 01.1r 2005 acquisitions to significantly improve our overall performance in 2006.
Dover ended the year with a strong balance sheet, and even after investing a record $1.1 billion on acquisitions,  our net  debt to total capitalization ratio is 28.8%. We successfully sold $600 million of debt at favorable fixed rates and have sufficient financial capacity to support our future acquisition  spending.  Cash flow from operations totaled $660 million. which covered $152 million of capital expenditures, and $167 million in shareholder dividends and stock repurchases and supported our significant acquisition spending.
The Dover team looks forward to building on the strong foun­dation of improvements generated in 2005. The "Performance Counts"initiative and the focus of our operating companies to attain the Dover metrics will drive future shareholder value. We look forward to 2006 being another strong year for Dover and to rewarding our shareholders, customers and employees around the world.

Sincerely,

d	,:r ,.{.fro
Ronald L. Hoffman
President and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2006
