LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 For Dover, 2008 was a year of great accomplishments despite deteriorating global economic conditions. The Com- pany posted all-time highs in revenue, earnings from continuing operations, diluted EPS and free cash flow gen- eration. Revenue was $7.6 billion, an increase of 3% over the prior year; earnings from continuing operations were up 4% to $695 million; resulting in diluted EPS of $3.67, an 11% improvement.
The benefits of Dover’s PERFORMANCECOUNTS program, leverage initiatives and a strong portfo- lio of businesses were reflected in our healthy margins and strong cash flow.
I am particularly pleased that segment margins in 2008 were 15.3%, a 40 basis point gain over last year, and a testament to the structural changes made across our businesses. We generated $835 million in free cash flow in 2008, which was 11% of our revenue, and 120% of our earnings from continuing operations. For the past five years, that percentage has averaged 114% — a singular achieve- ment that reflects a central Dover theme — strong cash flow supports long term growth opportunities. You can expect 2009 to be another year
of solid cash flow generation.
While proud of our 2008 achieve- ments, we recognize that several of our markets were significantly challenged throughout the year, as our segment results attest.
Our Industrial Products segment experienced fine performances in our waste handling and military markets
Robert Livingston
President and Chief Executive Officer
that we expect to continue in 2009. However, we experienced a meaningful slowdown in the automotive services and infrastructure construction markets as the year progressed, which drove business units to right-size in order to reflect reduced demand.
In Engineered Systems, our Product Identification platform had its best year
ever, although demand decreased as the year progressed, partly due to sig- nificant distributor destocking, particu- larly in Asia. Also, Hill Phoenix had its second best year ever despite mod- estly lower demand in its refrigeration equipment business, driven by slower new store construction. We believe the trend towards dining at home will lead to more traffic through supermarkets and provide stable demand for fast moving consumer goods, all of which should benefit our Engineered Systems segment in 2009.
Fluid Management performed at
an exceptionally high level for most of 2008. Strong oil and natural gas prices, coupled with solid global demand, drove our Energy platform to new
heights. Our innovative products in the upstream exploration and production space enabled the Energy platform to post annual revenue and earnings in- creases of 21% and 32%, respectively. The great performance of our Fluid Solutions platform resulted from active downstream energy markets, healthy demand for industrial pumps and two strategic add-on acquisitions. The sub- stantial drop in oil and gas prices will reduce demand for Fluid Management products as 2009 progresses, and our business leaders are adjusting their businesses to reflect that reality.
Electronic Technologies continues to reflect the strong performance of Knowles, a world-class maker of acous- tic components for hearing aids and consumer electronics. Knowles’ focus on innovation allowed it to expand
both its customer base and product applications. Our other component companies saw steady demand from military markets and weak demand in the telecom space. Our electronic as- sembly related companies experienced weakness through most of the year and we expect that to continue in 2009.
In sum, most of our end markets — with the exception of energy and military — experienced a decline in activity over 2007 and that decline accelerated as 2008 progressed. Despite these challenges, our sharp focus on margin improvements and operational excellence enabled us to produce a record year.
We do not anticipate an economic recovery in 2009, but we expect to continue to perform at a high level by
 2 DoverCorporation

focusing on the initiatives described below.
Our Initiatives to Improve Dover
Our objective is to build upon a solid operational foundation and make Dover a world-class manufacturing company in terms of sustainable growth, consis- tent profitability and, ultimately, superior shareholder returns. We will do this through three initiatives that create
the value that will define our short-
and long-term success: (1) leverage, (2) strategic asset allocation, and (3) leadership.
Leverage
Leverage is a continuous process with- in Dover to produce more with less, fo- cusing on business integration, facility consolidations and global procurement initiatives. In 2008, we made significant progress in understanding the opportu- nities for leverage and realizing the ben- efits. At our November 2007 Investor conference, we committed to realize $40 — $60 million of earnings improve- ment in the 2008 — 2009 timeframe from leverage initiatives. I’m proud to report that in 2008 we already achieved $43 million of earnings improvement,
or $0.15 EPS.
Business integration combines separate Dover companies that serve similar markets into a single business unit that is better able to support global customers efficiently. Excellent ex- amples are the integration of Markem- Imaje in our Product Identification platform, the combination of Norris and
Alberta Oil Tool in the Energy platform, and the creation of the Pump Solutions Group in the Fluid Solutions platform.
In the case of Markem-Imaje, we took two global companies that served similar customers with complementary products and created a unified global product identification solutions provider. We can now seamlessly deliver a full line of products to customers around the world. A coordinated sales team that markets best-in-class products is supported by a common manufacturing and logistics infrastructure. The result is better customer service and a more efficient cost base. While these integra- tion projects are on or ahead of sched- ule, we are not resting on our laurels. We have already begun consolidating the back office functions of Everett Charles, DEK and OK International,
and are combining our MPG and CPG electronic component companies.
Facility consolidations are an ongoing effort to increase productivity across business units. Paladin, our prime mover attachment company, is a fine example. During 2008, Paladin closed five manufacturing facilities, while improving throughput and meeting all customer needs. We also reduced our manufacturing footprint at Hill Phoenix, Unified Brands and De-Sta-Co in 2008, and have more of these opportunities to pursue in 2009. Facility sharing is happening across Dover’s worldwide operations, and this behavior will only accelerate in the coming years. We have also launched a regional head- quarters in China to support the smaller
Chinese operations of our U.S. and Eu- ropean businesses, to coordinate Asian procurement, and to provide a strong infrastructure base for future growth in this region.
Global procurement is another area of focus in our pursuit of leverage. We began our global procurement initiative in 2008 with a comprehensive review of our supply-chain sourcing and spending habits, buying patterns and technical proficiency. We have now essentially completed that analysis, set priorities and will launch several projects this year to leverage our sourcing and procurement activities across a number of our direct and indirect categories. We expect the total earnings improve- ment generated by this global sourc- ing project to be at least $75 – $100 million in the 2010 – 2011 timeframe. The opportunities are tremendous and our management team is committed to capitalize on this important initiative.
Capturing the leverage inherent in Dover is a prime driver of value and an important element of our long term strategy. Leverage is no longer a special activity at Dover — it is how we manage.
Strategic Asset Allocation
Dover’s consistent and ample free cash flow provides us with the ability to invest strategically in internal programs and external opportunities that fuel long term growth and provide a healthy dividend. In 2008, we spent $104 mil- lion on four add-on acquisitions, two of which were in the Fluid Solutions plat-
Dover Corporation 3

Letter to Shareholders (continued)
form and one in the Energy platform. We also spent $176 million on high return capital projects and increased our annual dividend 25% to $1.00,
the 54th consecutive year it has been raised. Finally, we spent $462 million on open market share repurchases. From a strategic perspective, acquisitions must always compete on an economic basis with our own inherent equity valu- ation to ensure we create value over the long term.
The outcome of this disciplined process in 2008 was a year heavily weighted away from acquisitions, primarily driven by asset prices, which were inconsistent with anticipated long- term earnings streams. We are begin- ning to see signs of moderating asset prices and are optimistic that 2009 will be a more active acquisition year. We will continue to be very focused on add-on acquisitions in spaces that we know well and have favorable long- term growth characteristics, such as energy, product identification and fluid solutions. Discipline will be the hallmark of our capital allocation policy going forward.
Leadership
The strength inherent in our disciplined capital allocation and leverage activities cannot be fully realized without a sense of ownership and the active engage- ment of our segment and business leaders. Leverage and leadership go hand in hand. Our leaders are em- powered, incentivized and expected
to successfully manage and lead their businesses with a sharp focus on cash flow and earnings growth, as well as new product innovation, customer sat- isfaction and overall strategic direction. The strength of our business leadership teams has been, and will continue to
be, a hallmark of Dover’s success. It is imperative that we continue to develop and recruit strong leaders to perpetu- ate this culture of success.
The process of identifying and developing Dover leaders was histori- cally informal. We are changing that and have made talent development a key area of focus. We are investing significant time and energy in initiatives which we believe will help develop lead- ers prepared to drive Dover to even greater success. Our Dover Executive Leadership and Leverage Academy (“DELLA”) is an internal training pro- gram designed to identify and educate our high potential managers and busi- ness executives. Since 2005, we’ve had 78 people graduate from the program, 22 of whom have been pro- moted to a more senior position, and four of whom have become operat-
ing company Presidents. Our DELLA program and other company supported educational and developmental activi- ties, coupled with the recent hiring of Vice President of Human Resources, Jay Kloosterboer, underscores our commitment to superior business leadership development.
The Challenges Ahead
2008 began with slightly moderat-
ing, but generally stable end market demand and high commodity prices, particularly oil and gas. As discussed, we benefitted from those market dy- namics and had a strong year through the third quarter. Unfortunately, the col- lapse of the financial markets, followed by the general weakening of the global industrial economy, causing commod- ity prices to collapse and end market demand to soften. In response, Dover shuttered 19 plants in 2008 and re- duced its workforce by 6%. As a result,
we incurred $27 million in charges, but produced $35 million of benefit in 2008, and these actions will result in $50 mil- lion of savings in 2009.
As we begin a new year, global business conditions are far different than a year ago. While we cannot con- trol end market demand, we can man- age how we respond to this downturn, and we will take the actions necessary to position Dover to participate fully
in the inevitable economic recovery. We continue to rationalize our cost base and aggressively restructure to realistic demand levels — levels that do not anticipate a second half recovery. In particular, our business leaders
are reducing our global workforce by another 5% in 2009 and shuttering several more facilities. These actions, heavily weighted towards the first half of 2009, will have a meaningful impact. We expect to generate additional 2009 savings of $75 million while incurring restructuring charges of $40 million. If conditions dictate, we are prepared to do more.
While these actions are neces- sary, our leaders will not lose sight of their businesses’ market positions or customers’ needs. Our strong balance sheet and liquidity position will enable us selectively to hire great talent, con- tinue to invest in new product innova- tion and aggressively market ourselves to win new customers. We expect to improve our market share during this downturn by proving that we are a part- ner whom our customers can depend on in both strong and, most importantly, weak markets.
We know 2009 will bring significant challenges, unforeseen events, and difficult decisions. We also know the year will present us with opportunities to strengthen our business through our
4 DoverCorporation

continued rightsizing initiatives and by expanding our customer base. We will emerge from this downturn an even better company.
A Bright Future
I am often asked how Dover is differ- ent compared to the last recession of 2001-2002. First, we have a more bal- anced and less capital goods intensive portfolio. Seven years ago, we had a higher exposure to capital equipment markets, an even higher exposure to electronic assembly markets, and an inability to pursue significant leverage because of the wide range of business- es in our portfolio. Today, we have a much more focused mix of businesses participating in more stable end-mar- kets, and in higher value applications. We have made strategic investments to grow our energy, product identification, acoustic component, fluid solutions, food & beverage, military and industrial winch businesses. Through these ac- tions, recurring revenue has grown to be 25% of total revenue.
Second, we are much leaner and much more focused on operational excellence. This is the result of our enhanced emphasis on margins, work- ing capital and customer service —
all of which reflect the impact of the PERFORMANCECOUNTS program.
Third, we are evolving into a more effective corporate organization. Non- operational but critical functions like treasury, tax planning and risk manage- ment are being managed centrally, leading to greater efficiencies as well as improved business performance. Actions and decisions that are in Dover’s collective best interest are be- ing embraced by our business leaders. Sharing of best practices has acceler- ated and the level of cooperation and
leverage has grown significantly.
As a result, Dover is much better
positioned to respond to this downturn. While I remain cautious on the near- term global economic environment, I am bullish on Dover, and our ability to deliver superior long term shareholder value. The executive team and business leaders look forward to meeting the coming challenges, and I am personally excited to be part of this great com- pany.
One thing that will never change
is Dover’s unwavering commitment to integrity. We have always prided our- selves on our culture of trust, account- ability and honesty in everything we do. In 2008, we built upon that commitment by establishing a global compliance program which further underscores our insistence on integrity at all levels.
Management Transition
As with any great company, manage- ment transition is both inevitable — and positive. Over the last several months, we recognized well earned retirements at Ceramics Products Group, Quartz- dyne, Blackmer, Marathon and PDQ, and we thank Andy Galliath, Bob Wig- gins, Carmine Bosco, Gordon Shaw, and Charlie Leib for their many years
of service. We also appointed new leaders at Texas Hydraulics, Tipper Tie, DEK, Hill Phoenix, Norris/AOT, OPW FC and OPW FTG. At the corporate level, Ray Hoglund, formerly President of Hill Phoenix, succeeded me as Presi- dent of Dover Engineered Systems, Ralph Coppola and Larry Morganthaler retired as CEO and CFO, respectively, from the Engineered Products platform, and Loren Armstrong retired as CFO
of our Industrial Products segment, succeeded by Bob Scheuer. Bob Tyre, our VP Corporate Development, also
retired, and was succeeded by Steve Sellhausen. Last but not least, Ron Hoffman, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer for the past five years, retired at the end of November. Ron made important changes to Dover during his tenure, changes that have led Dover to improved performance. These initiatives included the significant portfolio work to change our mix of businesses and a renewed focus on operational excellence. We are now far less asset intensive and have freed up significant cash as we improved inven- tory turns and lowered working capital. We wish Ron a happy and healthy retirement.
In closing, I’d first like to thank our customers and suppliers around the world. Our success is a reflection of their consistent support, which we truly appreciate. Most importantly, I want
to thank all the Dover employees who have worked very hard to produce our strong results in 2008. It is never easy to work in an uncertain environment, and I am proud of the way our employ- ees responded to the challenge. Last, I want to thank our Board of Directors for their support, encouragement and endorsement of all the new corporate initiatives.
I believe Dover has a bright future and I’m excited about the opportunities in front of us.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Livingston
President and Chief Executive Officer February 20, 2009
 Dover Corporation 5
