 2
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Last year, I described 2001 as "one of the most difficult years in Dover's his- tory" and outlined our efforts to reduce costs, increase efficiency and prepare for improving markets. Those efforts were effective, and we made important progress, in many cases extending our companies' market leadership and strengthening margins. Despite some positive indi- cations during 2002's first half, the year turned out to be as difficult as 2001. Slowly recovering markets weakened again during the second half, and the already depressed electronics industry fell further. Consequently, our technology busi- nesses had to scale back even fur- ther to achieve profitability without help from a market recovery.
Many of our companies also faced the challenge of maintaining sales in generally down served mar- kets while preserving historic profit margins. Frankly, given the increased worldwide competition and short- term declines in sales opportunities, our companies more than held their own, although overall margins, after accounting charges, were generally below 2001 levels.
Nevertheless, I am cautiously opti- mistic about 2003. Tough decisions and hard work in 2001 and 2002 have positioned us well to take advantage of any recovery in served markets domestically and abroad.
A Year of Pain for Tomorrow’s Gain
In all our cost-reduction and restructuring efforts, our operating company presidents have main- tained a balance between cutting expenses and investing for future growth. Even as we made our busi- nesses leaner, we listened to our cus- tomers and developed new prod- ucts to meet or anticipate their
needs. All Dover operating compa- nies will have significant upward operating leverage when markets improve.
During 2002, some of our compa- nies modestly expanded operations in China, primarily to serve our cus- tomers in China and Asia more effec- tively, rather than merely cutting labor costs on products for North America or Europe. While China is attractive both as a source of manu- facturing capability and as a market, its rapidly expanding economy is clearly subject to both financial and political strains and risks, and we are expanding there with appropriate caution. We are also pursuing prospects for manufacturing in Brazil, the Czech Republic and other Eastern European countries.
2002 Results
Dover's 2002 sales of $4,183.7 mil- lion were down $184.7 million, or 4.2%, from $4,368.4 million in 2001 -- far below our peak in 2000 that reflected the technology boom, but slightly higher than our 1999 sales. Sales declines at Dover Technologies, Dover Resources and Dover Industries offset a gain at Dover Diversified.
Net income from continuing oper- ations reflected our cost reduction efforts, rising modestly from 2001's extremely low levels, with all seg- ments gaining except Technologies. Because of our 2002 adoption of FASB Rule 142, Dover no longer amor- tizes goodwill, a change that added approximately $.23 per diluted share to 2002 earnings of $1.04 per diluted share from continuing operations. However, that rule also resulted in an impairment charge to equity of $345.1 million or $293.0 million net of tax in the first quarter.
With that, Dover recorded a net loss of $121.3 million, or $.60 per dilut- ed share, for 2002.
A Successful Business Philosophy, Consistently Applied
Corporate credos are common- place, but I can attest that we really live by the simple, straightforward business philosophy outlined at the front of this report.
It requires each of our companies to strive for and maintain market leadership. Individual companies' strategies necessarily differ, but the goal is always to create a value proposition that can sustain a long- term partnership with the customer. That involves listening to our cus- tomers to determine their real needs, and then providing the right prod- ucts and services. It means continu- ously improving our operations to keep ahead of competitors and being able to perform as expected. Finally, it requires management to be proud enough in what we do to ask to be paid an appropriate price. And that is the source of our histori- cally solid margins, and the strong cash flow that we invest to improve our businesses, acquire new business- es, and pay dividends.
For nearly 50 years, Dover has cou- pled this philosophy with a decentral- ized management culture that pro- vides maximum autonomy and scope to individual company presi- dents to build their businesses. We encourage them to operate these businesses like owners, focusing their strategies on achieving long-term growth and sustainable profitability rather than short-term gains. At the same time, we expect them to meet real goals, and to take the initiative to improve their operations and the bottom line.

 3
 Operating excellence and plat- form building are two key avenues to growth, and are discussed later in this report. Continuously improving operations can enhance profits, and bring in new business. Customers whose suppliers are not reliable fre- quently turn to companies with a demonstrated ability to perform. We also encourage our company presi- dents to seek out attractive add-on acquisitions that can enhance their product lines or expand their market scope.
At the corporate level, our strate- gy centers on determining the appropriate investment of sharehold- er resources so as to achieve the optimum long-term return. We set policy, allocate capital, make stand- alone acquisitions, assist companies with add-ons and, most importantly, make sure we have the right people running our individual businesses. This decentralized approach has served shareholders well.
Keeping Finances Strong
I am happy to say that Dover is in excellent financial condition, even after the third straight year of a man- ufacturing recession. Our free cash flow of $268.9 million was 6.4% of sales. We prefer to use these funds to strengthen our existing businesses or to acquire new ones, but in 2002 we found few acquisition candidates that met our stringent criteria for price, quality and growth prospects. Our sole 2002 stand alone acquisi- tion, completed October 1, was Hover-Davis Inc., which makes com- ponent feeder systems for the elec- tronic assembly automation industry. It is an operating company in the Circuit Board Assembly and Test (CBAT) segment of Dover Technologies.
We reduced our net debt by $139.8 million to $759.1 million in 2002, lowering our debt-to-total capital ratio from 26.3% to 24.1%. We made a discretionary contribution of $44.0 million to our defined benefit pension plan during the third quarter to offset a decline in pension plan values. We also spent $14.0 million to repurchase 511,400 shares of stock in the open market at an average price of $27.45. And we maintained our cur- rent quarterly dividend rate of $.135 per share.
Management Changes
A number of changes in our exec- utive ranks during 2002 will provide more depth and breadth going for- ward. Most notably, Rob Kuhbach became Dover's Chief Financial Officer. He was succeeded as General Counsel and Secretary by Joe Schmidt, who has worked with Dover for nearly 10 years, most recently as a Senior Partner at Coudert Brothers. Longtime Dover executives Jack Ditterline and Bill Caton joined Dover Diversified as Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, and Dave Ropp was promoted to Executive Vice President at Dover Resources. New operating company presidents included former Dover Diversified CFO Roland Parker at SWF, Bob Livingston at Quadrant in Dover Technologies, Randy Gard at Chief Automotive, Michael Jobe at Heil Environmental, and Eric Howlett, suc- ceeding Michael at Rotary Lift, the last three in Dover Industries. Vernon Pontes became President of the energy-related companies in Dover Resources and Craig McNeill became President of OPW Fueling Components. These and similar changes farther down in the organi-
zation reflect the strength of our management team and our ability to develop the talent we need for continued growth.
A Cautiously Positive Outlook
These challenging times have required many difficult decisions and unpleasant actions, but I am very optimistic about our long-term prospects. Dover is well-positioned to benefit from improving markets. Our companies are lean, competitive, disciplined and hungry. We have solid management teams in place.
If markets pick up at least moderate- ly in 2003, our results should improve considerably. A substantial market recovery in 2004, which is increasing- ly being forecast, should enable us to achieve strong sales and earnings growth, with margins returning to lev- els more typical of Dover.
I am grateful for the dedication and skill of our employees in these difficult times, and for the solid sup- port of our Board of Directors and shareholders as we prepare Dover for a bright and prosperous future.
Sincerely,
Thomas L. Reece
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 15, 2003
Thomas L. Reece
  