$2.5B
D r S re ho s,

Cost and cash flow actions launched in 2012

The world continued its rocky recovery in 2012, with volatility and uncertainty proving to be the new normal. Persistent weakness in Europe was a continued drag on global GDP growth, while dramatic declines in China, Brazil and other emerging geographies introduced new risks to a sustained recovery. As market conditions further deteriorated in the second half of 2012, Dow took aggressive action ­ driving a full array of cost and cash flow measures, prudently managing our portfolio and further prioritizing growth investments.

Although we course-corrected aggressively and remained firmly on strategy, our results in the calendar year were clearly not where we wanted them to be. The substantial cost and cash savings we deployed in 2012 did not make up for a dramatic decline in price power ­ $1.3 billion of lost price in the second half alone. This was coupled by an acute drop in equity earnings, due in large part to a severe deterioration in Dow Corning's polysilicon business. Notwithstanding these headwinds, the Dow team demonstrated our ability to control the controllable: We delivered against near-term cash flow targets. We paid down debt. Importantly, we also maintained our commitment of continually seeking to reward shareholders. Among the highlights: · Continued to harness the power of our innovation portfolio in Agricultural Sciences, realizing record sales of $6.4 billion and record EBITDA of $977 million; · Generated $8 billion in cash from operations in the two-year period ended December 31, 2012; · Finalized the K-Dow arbitration, with a $2.16 billion award finding issued by the International Chamber of Commerce (not including interest and costs);

· Launched $2.5 billion of cost and cash flow actions; · Further paid down debt, with a $613 million decrease in gross debt; · Increased dividends declared per share in 2012 by 34 percent versus 2011; · Achieved significant milestones with game-changing, enterprise growth projects such as our investments on the U.S. Gulf Coast and our Sadara joint venture in the Middle East; and · Made continuous progress toward our vision of zero accidents and injuries, evidenced by a 36 percent improvement in our illness and injury rate versus 2011. In summary, 2012 was a year in which Dow employees maintained focus and discipline in the midst of significantly volatile market conditions. Importantly, we delivered these accomplishments while maintaining our high standards for ethics and environment, health and safety. Moving forward, we have a full array of actions in place to protect our earnings growth path. Our commitment to our growth trajectory is unwavering, and I am confident we have the right people and the right strategy to deliver. Here's why:

2012 Annual Report

3

$8B

Cash flow from operations over the two-year period ended December 31, 2012

Building Value Through Cost Rigor and Discipline
This is one of Dow's traditional strengths, and we have doubled down on our focus on generating cash and reducing costs. We accelerated these e orts throughout the year. All told, we expect to deliver $1 billion in cost reductions and cash improvements in 2013, of which $500 million will impact EBITDA. We are managing our businesses with a laser-like focus on return on capital ... rigorously testing our portfolio to identify which businesses to grow, run for cash, fix or sell. For example, Electronic and Functional Materials, Performance Plastics and Agricultural Sciences have delivered strong underlying performance. These are segments in which Dow is di erentiated and where we will continue to invest for strategic value growth. Equally important are the actions we are taking to intervene in underperforming segments. You should expect to see these actions gain traction as 2013 progresses. As part of our continuing portfolio review, we expect to divest $1 billion of non-core assets over the next 18 to 24 months. Yet, no matter how ongoing economic turbulence may impact us, we understand we cannot simply cost-control our way to long-term prosperity. We must continue to innovate and invest, so that we can grow our earnings through high-margin, intellectual-propertyrich products and businesses that are advantaged by lowcost building blocks. That is why we are concentrating on key investments that are clearly aligned with our strategy to become one of the world's most integrated, sciencebased specialty materials and agrosciences companies.

Driving Growth Through Smart Value-Creating Investments
Our innovation pipeline is addressing tough challenges for our customers and society, and we are leveraging this strong competitive advantage to add value for shareholders by rapidly commercializing new technologies ­ with a priority on delivering near-term value. During the last several years, Dow has successfully rebalanced its innovation pipeline. Today, programs in the implementation stage of Dow's R&D pipeline represent a net present value of $7 billion ­ an approximate $200 million increase over 2011. Our focus is on funding e orts where Dow's di erentiation can be rewarded even in the midst of a weak market environment, and where near-term margin growth opportunities are clear. For example: · To enable faster processors, brighter displays and smaller components in electronic devices, Electronic Materials' Growth Technologies serves as an important incubator for the next wave of smart devices. · And to help farmers control major pests and increase yields, Dow is addressing corn, cotton and soybean needs in the Americas with our EnlistTM Weed Control System, SmartStax® hybrids and POWERCORETM insect trait technology. These growth projects, and others like them, harvest Dow's unique strengths and position us well to capture the benefit of increased earnings and higher margins as market conditions improve. Our major investments on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in the Middle East will continue to enhance our unparalleled feedstock strength and integration advantage. They will reinforce our foundation with low-cost building blocks for our downstream businesses and enable Dow to participate in global growth, wherever it is occurring, for years to come. Dow's global scale, flexible operations, integration and cost-advantaged feedstock position are driving even higher margins in our downstream, di erentiated businesses.

An Integrated Portfolio Designed for Growth

Feedstocks & Energy

Advantaged feedstocks to support and advance downstream growth

Ele Fun ctron ic Ma ction & ter al ials I Coa nfr ting as s So truct & luti ure ons Feedstocks Agricultural & Energy e Sciences c n a rm rfo cs Pe Plasti e anc rm als o f i r Key Sectors Pe ater M · Packaging · Hygiene & Medical · Electronics · Agriculture & Nutrition · Coatings · Oil & Gas · Water

Earnings Growth Highly integrated  Low-cost feedstocks  Technology-rich businesses aligned with growth markets


4

The Dow Chemical Company

Dow's Earnings Trajectory
(Adjusted EBITDA1, dollars in billions)

Price / Equity Earnings

On the U.S. Gulf Coast, our projects are perfectly timed to capture the high-margin growth o ered by gamechanging shale gas discoveries. For example, just with the recent restart of our St. Charles, Louisiana, cracker, we expect to see an EBITDA increase of $150 million in 2013, as we reduce our ethylene purchases by nearly half in that region. Several other projects are also well in motion ­ our propane dehydrogenation (PDH) unit is underway in Freeport, Texas, as is the front-end engineering and design (FEED) for our new world-scale ethane cracker in the same location. In total, we expect these investments ­ coupled with continuing favorable shale gas dynamics driving lower ethane and propane prices ­ to deliver $2 billion in additional annual EBITDA by 2017. Sadara Chemical Company, a significant joint venture with Saudi Aramco, is another major value driver for the Company and is well-positioned to serve growing endmarkets in Asia, Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The first production units are on track to start up in the second half of 2015, with margins of approximately 35 percent expected within its first few years of operations. Together, these high-return projects will significantly strengthen Dow's near-term and mid-term profitability ­ and are perfectly timed to harness the benefit of the next upcoming ethylene cycle in our downstream businesses.

2009

2010

2011

2012

Cost Measures

$5.5

Margin / Growth

Ethylene Cycle

$7.5

$8.4

$7.5

Innovation

Near Term

Advancing a New Era of Growth
Without question, the world is undergoing real and wrenching change. As new market paradigms are defined and old ones are redefined and tested, Dow is positioned for this new reality. We have a commanding presence in global growth markets and a powerful integrated portfolio. We have the technology leadership, strong customer relationships, and unparalleled feedstock and building block strength to innovate profitable solutions and fuel the growth of our downstream, technology-driven businesses. The Dow team is aligned: Our priorities are clear, and we know what needs to be done. We are fully accountable for proactively and aggressively implementing the tough decisions required to achieve our targets and accelerate value growth. And we are excited by our investments to create new earnings. We are creating a Dow for the future ­ one not only of strength and resiliency, but also one that can grow both the top and bottom line in a more predictable manner. Our great company has been around for 115 years because we have excelled at doing one simple thing very well: We execute ­ despite what the world throws at us. We are advancing our strategic agenda in pursuit of our long-term strategy ­ and we will not be deterred. This is our goal, nothing less. Thank you for your ongoing support and confidence in our great enterprise. Sincerely,

Further Enhancing Our Financial Fitness and Rewarding Shareholders
Over the last several years, Dow has delivered against its commitment to strong cash flow, and we have laid out focused, clear priorities for uses of this cash.

· Number one: Paying down debt. We have made significant progress on this front and will continue to do so. · Two: Rewarding shareholders. We increased dividends declared per share in 2012 by 34 percent, versus 2011 ­ demonstrating our Board's confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings growth over the long term. · And three: Investing prudently in the aforementioned organic growth opportunities. · The K-Dow arbitration award will also serve to accelerate our priorities for uses of cash, and this cash injection will go directly to our balance sheet ­ of this you can be assured.

Andrew N. Liveris President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board February 15, 2013

1

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings (i.e., "Net Income") before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization excluding Certain Items.

$10.0

2012 Annual Report

5

