 To the Stockholders of The Dow Chemical Company:
It has been decades since Dow and the global chemical industry experienced a deterioration in business conditions as severe as that which we faced in 2001—
a fact clearly reflected in our bottom line. Yet, despite our disappointing earnings for the year, 2001 can still be categorized as a year of progress for Dow. A year in which we completed the Union Carbide merger and created the momentum that will allow us to accelerate out of this trough and create new levels of peak earnings.
Our 2001 results tell the story of the difficult business environment. An unprece- dented spike in natural gas costs early in the year, the very deep and prolonged manufacturing recession in the United States, severe economic slowdowns in other parts of the globe, extremely weak industry fundamentals, and the volatile geopolitical situation brought on by the tragic events of September 11—all led to lower prices, weaker volume and severely compressed margins. During the year, price declines totaled $1.6 billion and, by the fourth quarter, we were operating at just 73 percent of our total capacity. Sales for 2001 decreased 6 percent to $27.8 billion. Excluding unusual items, earnings before interest and taxes fell to $1.3 billion and earnings per share declined to $0.52.
Throughout the year, our stock price showed relative resilience. When combined with our dividend—which increased 15.5 percent in the second quarter of the year—our stock provided our owners with a total return that beat the S&P 500. Unfortunately, as we entered 2002, our stock fell victim to concerns about asbestos liability related largely to Union Carbide’s former business activities. These concerns are understandable. However, we are confident that they will ultimately prove to be unwarranted. Our confidence stems from a number of factors, ranging from Carbide’s successful 30-year history in managing asbestos claims to Carbide’s substantial insurance coverage from multiple, high-quality carriers.
We will manage this issue aggressively, both inside and outside the courtroom. We are mounting a vigorous legal strategy buttressed by Dow’s extensive legal expertise and experience, while at the same time participating in efforts to bring about a fair and just legislative solution. We will not, however, allow this issue to deter us from our primary task—building a better and a bigger company, capable of maximizing long-term shareholder value.
Getting Better
Dow people approached this difficult year with a characteristic “can-do” spirit that echoes Dow’s resilience. With the added challenge of integrating the largest merger in our history, at the very depths of the industry cycle, our employees surpassed both our cost synergy and Six Sigma goals for 2001, demonstrating why we list our people at the top of our long roster of competitive strengths. As a result of their focus and discipline, we are further cementing our low-cost- to-serve position. The full bottom-line benefits of our synergy capture and Six Sigma efforts are being masked by the current severe trough conditions. But, as the economic climate improves, their value-creating power will become evident.
  Michael D. Parker, President and CEO
 2 The Dow Chemical Company

  Capturing Synergies
Our integration of Union Carbide is progressing exceptionally well. With just three full quarters under our belts, we surpassed our Year One goal of capturing $650 million in cost synergies. We are well on our way to delivering, ahead of schedule, our target of $1.1 billion in cost synergies.
We are on track to meet our integration plans by the end of 2002 for our slate of smaller, performance-oriented acquisitions which will net us an additional $230 million of cost synergies.
Heading into 2002, we will continue to focus on integration, ensuring that we realize the full value of our investments. Our ability to do so is rooted in our integration strategy. We are not just eliminating duplication; we are replicating our streamlined, global business model with its global work processes, leveraged functions and integrated information technology systems. We are also focusing on the all-important people issues, ensuring everyone—whether staying or leav- ing—is treated with dignity and respect, thus ensuring we have a motivated workforce to run our newly integrated company. The very fact that we turned in our best safety performance ever in 2001 is testament to our focus on people during these times of change.
Accelerating Six Sigma
We significantly ramped up our Six Sigma efforts, intensifying our focus on cost reduction. At the end of our second full year of implementation, we’ve trained 1,200 Black Belts—including over 100 employees who came to Dow through the Union Carbide merger, and who are using Six Sigma to accelerate the capture of cost synergies. We have 2,500 active projects, and more than 11,000 Dow people have actively participated in one or more projects. Our people are embracing not only the tools associated with Six Sigma, but also the mindset— approaching their work with an ever-greater intolerance for waste. As a result, we are halfway toward our Six Sigma goal of creating $1.5 billion in cumulative earnings before interest and taxes by the end of 2003.
Pursuing a Business-by-Business Approach
In addition to our integration and Six Sigma initiatives, we tightly controlled expenses—difficult in a year marked by the most significant merger and acquisi- tion activity in our history. We brought expenses down by $107 million and tightly controlled capital spending. In doing so, however, we shunned standard issue enterprise-wide, one-size-fits-all reductions, preferring instead to take a more precise, fine-tuned, business-by-business approach to avoid damaging long-term value creation.
As a result of the significant cost reductions we undertook throughout the 90s, racking up productivity gains of 10 percent per year and taking out structural costs totaling $2.4 billion, our overall organization is in good shape. We are now able to take a business-by-business approach, effectively responding to the unique marketplace dynamics impacting each of our global businesses—including the
“Our integration of Union Carbide is progressing exceptionally well. With just three full quarters under our belts, we surpassed our Year One goal of capturing $650 million in cost synergies. We are well on our way to delivering, ahead of schedule, our target of
$1.1 billion in cost synergies.“
The Dow Chemical Company 3

  “ Our sights are set on creating value growth at rates that exceed our indus- try’s average. We’ll do so in a variety of ways, including expanding our estab- lished businesses, generating value from our mergers and acquisitions and creating totally new businesses.”
forces of competition, consolidation and commoditization. We firmly believe decisions made closer to the marketplace are wiser. Our business leaders have responded to the challenge, as is evidenced by the asset-related announcements from our Polyurethanes business geared at optimizing production and competitiveness.
Getting Better and Bigger
Our sights are set on creating value growth at rates that exceed our industry’s average. We’ll do so in a variety of ways, including expanding our established businesses, generating value from our mergers and acquisitions and creating totally new businesses. Our focus on becoming ever better and bigger is defined by our tough slate of financial objectives across the cycle which drive us to:
• Generate a return on equity of 20 percent.
• Return 3 percent above our cost of capital.
• Earn our cost of capital at the trough.
• Grow earnings per share by 10 percent per year.
Despite the difficulties of 2001, we continue to close in on achieving all but the toughest of these—earning the cost of capital at the trough—a goal made impos- sible by the challenge of integrating Union Carbide and our other acquisitions in severe trough conditions. We are convinced, however, that the long-term value creation is well worth the short-term impact of our acquisition activity. As we fully realize the substantial cost synergies, we will be back on track to achieve even our toughest of objectives.
Emerging Value Growth Opportunities
The Union Carbide merger has led to important new value growth opportunities. A terrific example is UCAR Emulsion Systems, a high-value specialty business that makes latexes and emulsions for paints, coatings and other applications. The combination of Dow’s streamlined global business model and Carbide’s market knowledge and technology has enhanced value creation and triggered growth opportunities that will make this a powerful addition to our Performance Chemicals portfolio. We’re working on other similar growth synergies in areas such as personal care products and biocides.
We’re also building on our breakthrough scientific advances. At Dow AgroSciences, for example, spinosad and Sentricon Termite Colony Elimination System, both Green Chemistry Challenge Award recipients, contributed to higher sales despite a global slowdown in the agricultural industry. And, our newly created electronics growth platform is poised to become a one-billion-dollar business at maturity on the strength of SiLK semiconductor resins which make smaller, faster chips possible, and pLED, a light-emitting polymer which allows for brighter, more energy-efficient displays for laptops, PDAs and cell phones.
4 The Dow Chemical Company

 Farther out on the horizon, our scientists are working on promising new develop- ments such as nano-scale alpha particle generators for the treatment of certain types of cancer. A potential breakthrough, these particle generators target only malignant cells and could represent a step-change in treatment options.
Looking Forward: 2002 and Beyond
Entering 2002, we do not expect to get much relief from the severe industry conditions we faced in 2001. Monetary and fiscal stimulus in the United States should help demand pick up as the year progresses, and the rest of the world should follow. But with the global chemical industry operating at rates of less than 80 percent of total capacity, it will take a number of consecutive quarters of increased demand before we see significant margin expansion. Despite this, we are confident we will turn in higher year-over-year earnings and begin to slowly emerge from this very deep industry trough.
We will continue to work diligently on enhancing our tremendous upside potential— successfully completing the integration of Carbide and our other acquisitions, harnessing the power of Six Sigma, and seeking innovative new business opportunities based on our leading-edge science and technology. As we do,
we will be guided by our quest for Business Excellence, honing our business-by- business approach and intensely focusing on the marketplace and the customer. Fortifying our efforts, we’ll begin implementing our comprehensive People Strategy, ensuring we continue to develop the very source of the competitiveness that makes us strong today, and the innovation that will build our future—our people. We’ll also continue to integrate the principles of Sustainable Development into our businesses. Sustainable Development, with its Triple Bottom Line
of Economic Prosperity, Environmental Stewardship and Corporate Social Responsibility, is key to our future success. In the short term, it will allow us to meet our stakeholders’ expectations and continue to earn our license to operate. In the longer term, it will inspire us to develop a new portfolio of valuable solutions, ensuring our future long past the next cycle.
As a result of our strategic efforts, you can expect Dow to reach new levels of peak earnings over the coming years, creating a better and a bigger company truly capable of maximizing long-term shareholder value.
Sincerely,
Michael D. Parker
President and Chief Executive Officer February 13, 2002
“ We will continue to work diligently
on enhancing our tremendous upside potential—successfully completing the integration of Carbide and our other acquisitions, harnessing the power of Six Sigma, and seeking innovative new business opportunities based on our leading-edge science and technology.”
 The Dow Chemical Company 5
