2 The Dow Chemical Company
Dear Stockholders,
2008 was a disappointing year. After five years of strong financial performance, and a strategic transformation that for all intents and purposes was in place and ready to be implemented, your Company became vulnerable to, and was ultimately impacted by, the worst economic meltdown since the Great Depression. The fourth quarter of 2008 in particular – especially December – created an economic backdrop that negatively impacted Dow’s full-year performance despite our many proactive financial interventions: two broad-based price increases; cost, capital and cash interventions throughout the year; heroic performances by our people on the U.S. Gulf Coast in safely dealing with Hurricanes Ike and Gustav; and a difficult but necessary reduction in work force and operations announced in early December.
As of the writing of this letter, however, we have put in place plans to get your Company back on track. In early March of 2009, we entered into an agreement to close our previously announced acquisition of Rohm and Haas Company. Although the April 1 closing date is almost three months later than originally planned, during the delay we were able to successfully restructure certain financial aspects of the transaction to allow Dow to maintain financial flexibility as we move forward with our strategy. This was a pragmatic approach that preserves our ability to better respond to the continuing financial and economic uncertainties around the world.
In addition, efforts are underway to remedy the late December decision by the Supreme Petroleum Council of Kuwait to withdraw its prior approval of the planned 50:50 joint venture, known as K-Dow Petrochemicals, between Dow and Petrochemical Industries Company.
LookINg FoRwaRD – ouR ELEmENtS oF SuCCESS
In that respect, the combination of Dow and Rohm and Haas creates a leading specialty chemical and advanced materials portfolio that will be part of a formidable, performance- focused company. Our global reach is unmatched. Our product lines and technologies are world-class. Our innovation pipeline is robust and extensive. And our long-term growth potential is significant.

But make no mistake. We have a lot of work ahead. We understand that the economy in 2009 may be as difficult as the one in late 2008. We know there may be a period of painful adjustments as we work to restore your hard-earned trust and faith in us. And, most of all, we know that you expect more from us than we were able to deliver in 2008.
So my commitment to you is this: As we face the challenges in the months ahead, we will act with a renewed sense of urgency to restore stability to our Company. We are focused on the basics of running our business and on generating cash to help us through this protracted economic downturn. We are working toward a solution to the failed K-Dow joint venture, if not in this down-cycle then in the next up-cycle. And we are working toward integrating the Rohm and Haas acquisition that is so critical to our long-term transformational strategy.
111 years of experience has taught us how to manage through adversity. We are also realists, however, and we know it won’t be easy. But we are determined to return to our essential task: to transform this great enterprise into an earnings-growth company and return value to you, our owners.
You deserve nothing less.
I thank you for your patience and continued support as we work to right this great Company.
Andrew N. Liveris
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
March 11, 2009
    “we firmly believe that Dow remains a strong company with many options. and our strategy – to transform our portfolio of businesses into an earnings-growth company – is the right one.”
andrew Liveris
2008 10-K and Stockholder Summary 3
