Strong today. Stronger tomorrow. Dear Stockholders:
 2006 was the second highest earnings year in our Company’s history and underscored the fact that our strategy is working. Earnings were $3.82 per share versus $4.62 per share in 2005. Excluding certain items, 2006 earnings were $4.25 per share, just slightly shy of our 2005 results of $4.37 per share. Sales reached an all-time record of $49 billion.
We reduced debt by $1.2 billion, lowering our Company’s debt-to-capital ratio from 39% in 2005 to 34% by year-end 2006. Today, our Company’s financial position is as strong as it has ever been.
We also raised our dividend by 12% and repurchased more than 18 million shares, and our repurchase program is continuing. In October, we announced an additional $2 billion share buy-back program.
Although 2006 was a very good year, it often did not “feel” that way. Feedstock and energy costs increased by $2 billion over 2005, with our total hydrocarbons bill rising to nearly $22 billion for the year. Some important industrial sectors were soft, including North American auto- motive and housing. Demand was inconsistent throughout the year, heavily influenced by volatility in energy markets.
There is no question that the volatility of our feedstock and energy costs
and the uncertainties of global markets remained the norm throughout 2006. Thus we were compelled to achieve our results “the old fashioned way,” with strong price and volume management, tough control of discretionary spending and capital expenditures, and timely intervention in our business portfolio. In many ways, 2006 was a year that showed we can control our destiny.
Although our 2006 performance represents an important milestone for our Company, we believe 2007 will be even more significant. We will continue to take action to transform the profile of our Company’s portfolio in order to change the profile of our earnings, including both strong growth (which we have historically achieved) and greater consistency (which, as a cyclical company, we have not).
Setting Public Goals
Early in 2006, we put some public stakes in the ground regarding our future plans.
We said then that we would remain a diversified, integrated, global company, and we think our 2006 results bear out the wisdom of that statement.
To get a sense of the power of our integration, for example, consider the fact that the vast majority of our downstream products are made from raw materials produced in Dow plants. And that more than 1,000 of our work processes are managed to a common set of standards across the Company.
Our strong earnings were also due to our diversification. Our global reach protects us from weakening conditions in any given country or region. We are also advantaged because we have sales in virtually every sector of the global economy, enabling us to achieve strong results even when there are downturns in some sectors, as was the case in 2006.
We continued to be disciplined in our cost structure and in our portfolio mix. For example, in 2006 we shut down a number of assets around the world, including plants at two sites in Canada and one in Italy. But mindful that we cannot “save our way to prosperity,” we increased our resources in targeted growth areas even as we reduced them in certain other businesses and geographies.
In R&D, we increased our overall spending by $91 million, but we did so with similar discipline, reducing our spending on less promising projects while increasing it in more promising ones.
A second public stake we put in the ground was to make our Performance portfolio of businesses the foundation of greater earnings growth and greater earnings consistency, while retaining the ability of our Basics portfolio to generate cash.
To bolster our Performance portfolio, we said we would launch two to
four more market-facing businesses — businesses that focus on our most promising markets and bring the full power of our Company’s capabilities to them. We also said that we would make bolt-on acquisitions to support them.
With that in mind, let’s examine what we did in our Performance portfolio.
Actions in Our Performance Portfolio
We launched our new Dow Water Solutions market-facing unit, which offers world-class brands and technologies to the water treatment industry. With Dow’s existing technologies and the July acquisition of Zhejiang Omex Environmental Engineering in China, this platform advances our capabilities in desalination, water purification, contaminant removal and water recycling. We also started up a new plant in the United States for the production of FILMTECTM membranes, substantially increasing the production capacity of our reverse osmosis membranes used in water treatment.
In Dow AgroSciences, we doubled capacity for our canola and sunflower oil seeds, affirming our growth strategy in the healthy oils sector.
In our Building Solutions unit, we expanded our capacity to produce STYROFOAMTM brand insulation, and we added a new composite product for decking that is superior to wood in durability and maintenance.
In Greater China — where our sales increased from $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion — we committed to the construction of a new glycol ethers plant, as well as a $200 million investment in our epoxy business for new manufacturing capacity and a new epoxy R&D center. And we began construction of our major new technology center in Shanghai.
In our Water Soluble Polymers business, we launched a new line of dietary fiber products that help combat the problems of excessive blood glucose, cholesterol and insulin, as well as obesity. We also announced the planned acquisition of Bayer’s cellulosics business, which would increase the sales of our Water Soluble Polymers business by more than 60 percent to roughly $1 billion a year.
But as much as we accomplished in 2006, we are by no means pausing in the acceleration of our Performance portfolio’s strategy.
Part of that acceleration was our announcement, in January 2007, that we are launching two new market-facing units — one in coatings and the other in footwear. This business model creates a strong channel to market, customer focus, cost and product synergies, and opportunities to further develop competitive technology.
Progress in Our Basics Portfolio
Turning to our Basics portfolio. We said that we would take action to strengthen our franchise Basics businesses and grow through joint ventures, not only building new plants with JV partners, but in some cases, placing our existing assets into JVs — similar to what we did in 2004 with ethylene glycol and the formation of MEGlobal. We call this our “asset light” strategy.
And here again, we have made substantial progress.
For example, we were selected by Saudi Aramco, by far the world’s largest oil and gas company, as its preferred partner for exclusive negotiations to form a joint venture to build a world-scale complex in Saudi Arabia — a project that may well become the emerging world’s equivalent of our huge chemical complex in Freeport, Texas. Many major chemical companies competed for this agreement. The fact that Dow was selected is an unambiguous affirmation that we are, indeed, the world’s premier chemical company.
We agreed to participate in a joint venture in Thailand with our current partner, Siam Cement, to manufacture propylene and other building blocks that will drive the growth of the Company’s Performance businesses in Asia. Among the projects we are considering is a hydrogen peroxide to propylene
2 | The Dow Chemical Company 2006 10-K and Stockholder Summary
TMTrademark of The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”) or an affiliated company of Dow.

   oxide (HPPO) plant, which is a new technology we developed with BASF, with whom we are also building a world-scale HPPO facility in Europe.
And we continued our negotiations with Russia’s Gazprom for our two companies to work jointly on energy-related projects both inside Russia and elsewhere in Europe.
With the Basics portfolio, as with our Performance portfolio, we will continue to take aggressive action throughout 2007, including new business models that will make our Basics portfolio more “asset light” and more competitive for the long term.
Revitalizing Innovation
Dow has a long history of strong innovation, and in 2006 we added some exciting new chapters to our story. And here let me note that we have been silent for a few years in order to avoid the trap of “overpromising and underdelivering.” So, rather than focusing on a handful of rifleshot projects, we announced that we are funding more than 600 projects that either strengthen our position in key franchises or break into entirely new areas of technology. These projects have a potential yield of $2 billion in additional EBIT by 2011.
We intend to talk about all of these projects as they approach commerciali- zation, and we will explain them in the context of broad themes. Three themes we launched in 2006 include:
• In alternative feedstocks, we are pursuing the use of methane as a raw material to manufacture basic building blocks like ethylene and propylene and to use natural oils, from soybeans for example, as raw materials for polyol plastics. Done on a broad scale, these alternative raw materials would significantly reduce the cost of our feedstocks.
• In healthcare and nutrition, we are concentrating on projects such as Dow AgroSciences’ healthy oils, and a new ingredient delivery system for medicines that uses water-soluble films.
• Inbuildingandconstruction,withitsrenewedemphasisonenergy conservation and a focus on eco-friendly building materials, we are working on projects ranging from the elimination of ozone-depleting blowing agents used in the manufacture of STYROFOAMTM brand insulation to new roofing systems that harness the sun’s energy at a much greater rate than current technology allows.
Enhancing Reputation
With companies as with individuals — especially companies as large and as well known as Dow — reputation is the sine qua non of success. If a company’s products don’t work, if its employees are treated unfairly, if its managers are not ethical, if its communities are ignored, trust is lost. And once lost, trust is difficult, if not impossible, to recover. So although reputation is not a hard asset per se, it may well be any company’s most critical asset.
That is why we worked hard in 2006 to enhance Dow’s reputation.
As part of that effort, we completed our decade-long program to improve the safety of our plants and reduce our footprint on the environment. We also launched our new set of 2015 Sustainability Goals, committing our Company to the much broader responsibilities associated with the sustainability of our planet. In doing so, we pledged to address some of humanity’s most pressing problems: access to clean water, to shelter and to health care, and the critical issue of climate change, including the reduction of greenhouse gases. Toward that end, I made a public commitment at the United Nations’ headquarters in New York City that our Company would apply the full power of its technology — including three major breakthroughs during the 10 years of the program — as well as dedicate our philanthropy and volunteerism to help solve these and other challenges. And we invite everyone to chart our progress.
Increasing Shareholder Value
Many of you who have followed our Company for years recall that at the last cyclical peak of our industry in 1995, Dow posted (pre-Union Carbide) earnings of $2.54 per share ($2.72 excluding certain items). For the five years thereafter, Dow’s earnings declined from the peak, but they remained on a ridge of solid earnings — that is, until 2001 and 2002, when they fell off that ridge.
Everything we are now doing, from
a strategy and implementation point
of view, is to put together another ridge of earnings, except this time,
the ridge is significantly higher. Toward that end, we have made a good start — with earnings, excluding certain items, of $4.37 per share in 2005 and $4.25 per share in 2006.
Now our challenge is to extend that ridge, and critically, to avoid the equivalent of the drop-off that occurred at the last trough. We believe we can do so through disciplined growth.
As I mentioned at the beginning of this letter, the surest method to increase the value of our Company to you, our investors, is to change our earnings profile. And to do that, we must draw a greater proportion of our earnings from Performance businesses.
So going forward, you can expect more of what you saw in 2006: • More innovation,
• More market-facing businesses,
• More asset-light joint ventures,
• Continued financial strength and flexibility, and
• Shifting our portfolio to a higher ratio of Performance businesses.
That means we will continue to invest in the technologies, businesses, regions and markets that are the most promising; prune non-strategic businesses and non-competitive assets; and keep ongoing costs under control. And we will keep our balance sheet very strong so that we can capture value-creating opportunities when and where they arise.
We will also continue to balance our use of cash, both to reward our stockholders and to grow our businesses.
We have the right strategy. We are implementing it with discipline and speed, and our initial results are showing great promise. We also have the right people — the “human element”— to make a difference to our Company and to all of our stakeholders.
To our investors, our employees, our customers, and our communities throughout the world, we thank you for being a part of our great Company, and we look forward to working with you in the future as we drive our vision to be the largest, most profitable and most respected chemical company in the world.
Andrew Liveris
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board February 14, 2007
Andrew N. Liveris
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 TMTrademark of The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”) or an affiliated company of Dow.
The Dow Chemical Company 2006 10-K and Stockholder Summary | 3
