  To the Stockholders of The Dow Chemical Company:
2002 was not a good year for Dow. Neither the general economy nor industry fundamentals offered much relief from the difficult conditions we faced in 2001. Despite expectations that industry conditions would improve in the second half of the year, the economic rebound never materialized, and lagging demand and excess capacity continued to impede our efforts to adequately raise prices and substantially increase volume. As a result, profit margins were severely compressed.
Although industry conditions were tough, they are not an excuse for earnings that were, in a word, unacceptable.
Regardless of the conditions we face, the management of this company is being held responsible and accountable for performance. That is why the Board of Directors decided in December to make a change in executive leadership.
Building our financial strength
In returning as DowÕs CEO, my immediate tasks are to raise profit margins, improve cash flow and reduce debt. To do so, we are restructuring, consolidating and streamlining our company in order to improve our cost structure, reduce capital spending and focus more on our competitive assets and businesses. All options are on the table. The measures we are pursuing in 2003 include:
 > 2
The Dow Chemical Company
Bill Stavropoulos,
Chairman, President and CEO
¥ Divesting non-strategic and under-performing assets.
¥ Closing assets that are either under-utilized or non-competitive, including our announcement in January of 2003 to
close two Union Carbide ethylene crackers in Texas that will reduce U.S. Gulf Coast ethylene capacity by roughly 4%. ¥ Sharply reducing structural costs by $400 million, including cuts in discretionary spending, strict limitations
on new hires, productivity improvements and the elimination of 3,000-4,000 jobs through divestitures, plant
shutdowns, attrition and efficiencies.
¥ Reducing capital spending by $400 million, or 25%, from 2002, placing capital expenditures well below depreciation
levels. The bulk of these spending cuts will come from reduced planned capacity expansions. We will continue
to devote capital to maintaining the reliability and safety of our plants.
¥ Shifting our successful Six Sigma methodology to cost-reduction projects that have an immediate, positive impact
on earnings, rather than longer term revenue-increasing projects.
¥ Delaying or canceling all corporate initiatives, except those that positively impact the bottom line in 2003.
¥ On the revenue side, focusing on our customers and market dynamics to increase prices and improve volume.
Since 1995, DowÕs oil and energy costs have increased while prices have fallen, with a negative impact on profits of nearly $9 billion. We are working closely with our customers to confront the challenge we face, given the highly volatile cost of feedstocks.
These measures, taken together, are designed to increase cash flow by over a billion dollars from 2002 and generate positive free cash flow in 2003.
Meanwhile, we will continue to pursue our long-term strategy to invest in our franchise businessesÑthose with long-term competitive advantageÑ and in our less cyclical performance businesses. In doing so, we will emphasize productivity, which is the sine qua non of this industry. Ours is a world of unremitting competitiveness. Trends toward supplier and customer consolidation, high and volatile energy costs, and increased competition from developing countries continue to challenge the chemical industry. Productivity must and will be a priority for Dow not only at the trough of the cycle, but also at the peak.
On track for long-term profitability
Looking at the long-term, it is important to remember that difficult conditions are not new to the chemical industry. Herbert H. Dow, this companyÕs founder, encountered them in the early years of the 20th century, as have more recent Dow managers in the 1980s and 90s, when deep troughs were followed by periods of robust profitability.
Our task is to ensure that the company will benefit not just from better conditions, but from the work we are doing right now to improve profitability regardless of where we are in the cycle. Towards that end, we are building on our accomplishments in 2002; chief among them were:
¥ Completing the integration of Union Carbide and other key acquisitions, including Ascot fine and specialty chemicals, Rohm and HaasÕs agricultural chemicals business, Gurit-Essex, and EniChemÕs polyurethanes business. With Union Carbide alone, we achieved cost synergies of $1.2 billion dollars, significantly improving the profit margins of CarbideÕs businesses and making them globally competitive.
¥ Growth in Performance Chemicals, a $5.1 billion portfolio of businesses that was DowÕs most profitable segment in 2002. Specialty businesses from Carbide not only substantially increased the sales of Performance Chemicals, they also increased profits. Performance Chemicals is now one of the top five specialty chemical businesses in the world.

  ¥ Continued growth in Asia, where our volume increased by 12% and sales by 7%. This region now accounts for $3.3 billion of our revenues, with per- formance businesses comprising over 60%. The Union Carbide joint ventures in Kuwait and Malaysia, a source of low-cost feedstocks, are instrumental to our expansion in Asia. In addition, we started up a latex plant in Zhangjiagang, The PeopleÕs Republic of China, and our joint venture with Asahi Kasei began polystyrene production there. In the second quarter of 2003 we expect to start up production of a new epoxy resins plant at the site.
Meanwhile, we continue making progress towards our 2005 goals in Environmental, Health and Safety performance, and here it is worth mentioning that these ambitious goals represent an improvement of up to 90% from our starting point in 1994. During the year, we reduced our injury and illness rate by 20%, and leaks, breaks and spills by 14%. Lest we forget what these numbers mean, consider this: since 1994, more than 8000 injuries and illnesses did not occur as a result of our progressÑin other words, Dow employees and contractors are safer.
And, in response to the corporate governance lapses that have shaken investor confidence, we are reaffirming and clarifying our code of ethics and strengthening the oversight of our company.
Managing the asbestos issue
We also took a new look at asbestos issues associated with Union CarbideÕs former business activities, with the goal of bringing greater clarity to investors.
Towards that end, the well-known firm, Analysis, Research & Planning Corporation, with more than 20 years of experience working on major liability issues, including asbestos, quantified the potential cost of resolving pending and future claims against Carbide. Based on the results of this analysis, Carbide increased the reserve for its potential asbestos liabilities to $2.2 billion. It also increased the receivable for asbestos-related insur- ance recoveries to $1.35 billion.
As a result of this assessment, CarbideÑand consequently DowÑtook a pretax charge to earnings of $828 million in the fourth quarter of 2002.
This action reflects our belief that quantifying the pending and future costs of resolving asbestos claims against Carbide will help alleviate the uncertainty surrounding asbestos, and help our company realize its full value. Meanwhile, Carbide will continue to press its strong legal position in litigation. Because the overwhelming majority of Carbide lawsuits involve people who show no symptoms of illnessÑincluding some who were never even exposed to its asbestos productsÑthe defense strategy will be aggressive. We are also joining the efforts of many industries to pursue a legislative resolution to the asbestos issue, which we believe is gaining momentum.
Driving for better results
Given the realities of geo-political uncertainty, industry overcapacity, and oil priced at more than $30 a barrel in early 2003, we do not expect industry conditions to substantially improve at least for the first quarter of 2003.
But it is not our intention to simply wait for conditions to get better.
Regardless of conditions, we intend to reach three key objectives in 2003: to improve our earnings, build our financial strength and work safely. To do so, we are concentrating on the things we can control: discretionary spending, capital expenditures, asset sales, asset shutdowns, customer
focus, price-volume management, and workplace safety.
Our ultimate objective remains what it has always been: to maximize long-term shareholder value. What has changed is our sense of urgency to reach
that goal. I have confidence that the people of Dow, whose talent and dedication are second to none in this industry, will do so quickly and decisively.
William S. Stavropoulos
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
February 12, 2003
 The Dow Chemical Company 3 >
