 Dear Stockholders,
For a global enterprise like The Dow Chemical Company, changing course demands resiliency and perseverance.
It requires singular focus and unwavering purpose. And it calls for a relentless spirit of exploration and implementation.
These qualities have long set generations of Dow people apart – men and women who have made difficult, bold, courageous decisions. More recently, these qualities have enabled the Company to successfully pursue its strategy of transformational growth and its mission: to passionately innovate what is essential to human progress by providing sustainable solutions to our customers.
This strategy began to take shape in earnest several years ago when your Board of Directors and executive leadership team took a hard look at the Company’s future. We considered the transformational impact of the global megatrends that are revolutionizing our world. And we considered the changes that Dow needed to make in order to seize the new opportunities defined by these trends.
Since then, Dow employees have worked hard to implement these profound changes.
Today, we are proud to report that this transformational strategy is firmly in place and it is delivering clear results. In 2010, we achieved, and in many cases exceeded, our goals:
• We grew revenue 26 percent excluding the impact of divestitures, more than double our 2010 goal of 10 percent, and delivered gains in every quarter.
• Our growth in emerging regions hit a new milestone, surpassing $16 billion in revenues for the first time in our Company’s history. Sales in Asia Pacific topped $9 billion in the year, also representing an all-time record. And this is only the beginning: we made investments in Thailand, China, Vietnam, Korea and elsewhere in this exciting growth region. And we continued to make significant progress on several mega projects designed to accelerate our growth in Asia Pacific and the Middle East.
• We expanded EBITDA margins1 more than 200 basis points at a Company level and achieved year-over-year EBITDA margin expansion for seven consecutive quarters, excluding certain items.2
4 The Dow Chemical Company
This Company has never been about staying in one place. We are always
advancing. We are always growing. We are always innovating. Progress
is a Dow tradition. It is an element of our DNA.

     • Our strong investment in growth remained steadfast. Our 2010 R&D spending increased to $1.7 billion, and we drew on our $30 billion net present value innovation pipeline to launch new products that will set us apart for years to come. In fact, more than one-third of our revenue this year was generated by products launched within the last five years.
• We delivered more than $1 billion in revenue from growth synergies on a run-rate basis from our transformational acquisition of Rohm and Haas, and we surpassed $2 billion in cost synergies, well ahead of schedule.
• We put our disciplined portfolio management approach into action – divesting $5 billion in non-strategic assets in less than two years.
• We pursued strategic joint ventures that bolster our integration strength, while simultaneously liberating capital for investment in our businesses that are technology- and customer-driven.
• We reduced our net debt to capital ratio to 42.6 percent, and delivered more than $4 billion in cash from operating activities.
We are now entering a period of increasing financial flexibility after successfully integrating the largest acquisition in our history in the midst of what has become known as the world’s worst financial crisis since the Great Depression.
And in terms of earnings growth, we delivered results more than triple that of the year-ago period.
We accomplished all of this while maintaining our high standards for environment, health and safety performance. Our efforts were recognized by the National Safety Council, which named Dow the recipient of the prestigious Robert W. Campbell Award. Dow is the first chemical company to be so honored.
Our commitment to helping people around the world remained equally strong. Thousands of employees volunteered this year, as they always do, working in local communities where we operate and beyond. In particular, Dow provided support in Pakistan, Haiti and Chile in the wake of disasters that struck these regions in 2010.
As we stand steadfast behind our values of integrity, respect for people and protection of our planet, we also recognize that this Company has never been about staying in one place. We are always advancing. We are always growing. We are always innovating. Progress is a Dow tradition. It is an element of our DNA.
That is why, even as we celebrate a tremendous year, we are looking to the future. We welcome the fact that the global economy is showing positive trends. However, we won’t depend on external factors to fuel our growth. Our portfolio is well-balanced to mitigate uncertainty, and our drive to deliver sustained earnings growth remains resolute.
1 EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA margin is defined as EBITDA as a percentage of sales. EBITDA and EBITDA margin are presented excluding certain items.
2 See Supplemental Information at www.dow.com/financial for a description of these items.
Strategically, we are committed to continue expanding our portfolio of specialty chemicals, agrosciences and advanced materials, and accelerate the transformation of our Plastics franchise.
We are focused on maintaining the momentum of our growth portfolio and will continue to invest in and monetize our innovation pipeline. We will also continue accelerating toward our 2012 goal of $2 billion in growth synergies.
We will further strengthen our presence in emerging geographic areas – with a goal of reaching 35 percent of revenue from these regions in 2012. Our progress will accelerate as we continue implementing projects in Thailand, Saudi Arabia, Brazil and China that will bolster our downstream businesses and increase our asset footprint in the emerging world.
From an operational perspective, we will maintain our vigilant approach to reliable operations, productivity and cost reductions, while prudently investing in growth.
Financially, we remain committed to driving our net debt to total capital ratio down to less than 40 percent by the end of 2012.
And finally, we will continue advocating globally for policies that help manufacturing thrive in a 21st-century economy.
We will pursue all of this while upholding our unwavering focus on safe operations in the communities where we live and work. In fact, Dow’s commitment to sustainability and our focus on addressing great global challenges will increase as Dow steps into its role as the official “Chemistry Company” of the Olympic Movement – a premier partnership we initiated in 2010.
These are, without question, remarkable times for The Dow Chemical Company. As we fix our eyes on a new frontier, we are building upon a rich legacy of innovation that is woven into the fabric of our Company. After all, it was the potential of chemistry that brought Herbert H. Dow to Midland, Michigan,114 years ago. He believed deeply in the power of chemistry to create, to build and to improve.
More than a century later, the men and women of The Dow Chemical Company continue to be driven by that set of beliefs – by Herbert H. Dow’s spirit of exploration and his ethic of hard work. We are disciplined. We are passionate. We are purposeful, and we stand behind our mission.
Thank you for believing in our mission. Thank you for supporting our work. And thank you for investing in the future of our Company.
Andrew N. Liveris
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board February 25, 2011
 2010 Annual Report 5
