Dear stockholders,
Last year, we asked for your patience as we assessed and dealt with two huge disruptions to our transformational strategy: first, PIC of Kuwait’s withdrawal from our two-year negotiated deal to form K-Dow, and second, the global economic meltdown. It was a challenging time for many companies, and ours was no exception.
Over the past twelve months, with your support, we have managed our way through those challenging times and emerged with renewed confidence in the future. Dow has responded to the economic realities of 2009 with focus, determination and a series of well-planned, well-timed moves. Most importantly: we closed the Rohm and Haas acquisition and quickly moved to pay down the associated bridge loan ahead of schedule; we implemented cost reductions and synergy capture faster than anticipated; we divested four non-core businesses at favorable multiples; we raised new equity in an over-subscribed offering; and we rapidly improved our capital structure.
We also made a number of difficult, but necessary, decisions: we reduced headcount, cut our capital budget and, for the first time in our history, the Board of Directors made the tough decision and lowered the dividend.
In this challenging climate, Dow’s men and women showed why they have a reputation as being the best in the business when it comes to execution and implementation. Today, as the global economy appears to be moving towards a more predictable footing, it is clear that our hard work paid off. We not only weathered the storm, but delivered positive operating earnings in every quarter. And just as important, we maintained our high standards for environment, health and safety performance and remained committed to the communities in which we operate. Taken together, we are now well positioned to take advantage of the new global macroeconomic environment in which we all have to operate.
Never in Dow’s history have our geographic position, operating segments and people been better aligned. All serve the same mission: to passionately innovate what is essential to human progress by providing sustainable solutions to our customers.
Put simply, we believe the Dow of tomorrow is here today.
Last year was more than a year of recovery. It was a year in which we – with your support – reaffirmed and advanced our long-term strategy of transformation. More than 5,000 interactions with stockholders in 2009 made it clear that you supported our move towards becoming a company whose earnings growth is greater, more predictable and more sustainable than before. Despite the events of 2009, we never considered abandoning that vision. We knew we had the right set of objectives.
Today, thanks to a number of key decisions, but most especially the Rohm and Haas acquisition, we have the right portfolio as well. Your company is now two-thirds comprised of specialty chemical, advanced material and agroscience businesses, giving us greater exposure to higher- growth, higher-margin segments around the world. We have created an enterprise that uses technology, not just to access existing markets, but to create new ones. With the acquisition of Rohm and Haas, we are now one of the world’s largest advanced material providers, with leadership positions in high-growth sectors, such as electronics, water, coatings and construction. Drawing on Dow’s deep commitment to science and chemistry, we are poised to address the megatrends that will shape the world’s future. These challenges are Dow’s opportunities.
To seize those opportunities, we cannot – and will not – rest on the accomplishments of the past year. Our work is not done. 2009 was a year of investment in our transformation, and while it is well underway, it is not yet complete.
 With the acquisition of Rohm and Haas, we are now one of the world’s largest advanced material providers, with leadership positions in high-growth sectors, such as electronics, water, coatings and construction. Drawing on Dow’s deep commitment to science and chemistry, we are poised to address the megatrends that will shape the world’s future.
– Andrew Liveris
2 The Dow Chemical Company
 
As we look ahead, Dow will complete the integration of Rohm and Haas. We will continue to invest in technology-integrated, market-driven performance businesses that create value for our stockholders and growth for our customers. In 2010, we will invest heavily in research and development – again committing $1.6 billion to our already robust pipeline – an investment equal to our record spend in 2009. This pipeline is valued today at $28 billion, more than five times higher than in 1997. And we will continue to manage a portfolio of asset-integrated, building-block businesses that generate value for our downstream portfolio.
We will stay focused on delivering the right asset-light strategy for our world-class Basic Plastics segment. We will, as ever, be patient and do only the deals that fuel our high-growth, high- value assets that, as we have seen, generate strong cash flow even in the most challenging times. Our recently announced Styron transaction with Bain Capital is an example of seeking the best value outcome for these businesses.
We will also maintain the financial and operational discipline that are hallmarks of our Company and served us so well through the economic downturn. As I have said in the past, Dow is a “no excuses” company. We welcome the fact that the global economic climate appears to be improving, but we will not count on it. We ended 2009 with a cash balance of $2.8 billion, and we improved our balance sheet because of the many actions we took throughout the year. I’m committed to further improving the financial profile of the Company in 2010 and beyond. We will continue to improve our financial ratios through additional non-strategic divestitures and through our proven ability to generate solid cash flow.
Likewise, we are committed to meeting our announced structural cost reductions. We are already well ahead of schedule towards reaching a $2.5 billion run-rate by year-end 2010. In fact, we have already achieved more than 140 percent of the 12-month cost synergy and restructuring run-rate goal for the integration of Rohm and Haas. In addition, we will improve our working capital discipline by another $500 million this year.
This disciplined, strategic approach to our business served us well last year and is just as important for Dow’s future. It is the key to fulfilling our unwavering commitment to create value for all our stakeholders – and, specifically, to increase value for you, our stockholders.
The Dow we are creating will deliver on this promise, today and tomorrow.
This past year has been like no other. Your Dow management team faced tremendous adversity. I am pleased with how we came through with great results and a firm resolve.
Thank you for your patience and support during these challenging times. And thank you for continuing to believe – as I do – in our vision: to be the most profitable and respected science-driven chemical company in the world.
Andrew N. Liveris
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board March 3, 2010
 2009 Annual Report
3
