STOCKHOLDER LETTER

To Our Stockholders

Larry D. Young President & Chief Executive Officer

Wayne R. Sanders Chairman of the Board

At Dr Pepper Snapple Group, fun, flavor and innovation combine to create our formula for growth.

At Dr Pepper Snapple Group, we are known for our flavors. The 50-plus brands in our unmatched portfolio set us apart from our peers, providing the variety our customers and consumers want and the great taste and refreshment they enjoy. It's our winning flavors, along with fun and innovation, that combine to create our one-of-a-kind formula for growth. This formula proved successful in 2012 as we outperformed the carbonated soft drink (CSD) category, growing dollar share for CSDs despite a backdrop of an uncertain economic environment and cautious consumer spending. To ensure our brands were close at hand and top of mind for our consumers, we closed distribution gaps and increased all-commodity volume (ACV), placing more of our products into stores and gaining incremental shelf space. We grew ACV on our core brands and packages across CSDs, teas and juices in grocery, with CSDs up 0.5 percentage points, Mott's up 1.8 percentage points and tea up 4.3 percentage points. And with carefully crafted promotions designed to drive on-the-go shoppers into stores, we increased ACV in the convenience channel by 0.2 percentage points for CSDs and 6.7 points for Snapple 16-oz. glass. We're proud that 13 of our 14 leading brands hold the No. 1 or No. 2 position in their flavor category. Even so, many of our brands have considerable runway for growth outside their heartland areas, so we've continued our efforts to expand consumption of key brands with new and existing consumers in targeted markets. Per-capita consumption of Snapple, long a stronghold on the coasts, grew in targeted markets by 0.7 servings per person. In our targeted markets for Canada Dry, we grew volume share of ginger ale by 2.2 percentage points. As we approach our fifth anniversary as a public company, our cash flow remains strong and consistent. We returned approximately $684 million to shareholders in 2012, with $400 million in share repurchases and $284 million in dividends. More recently, we announced a 12 percent increase to our dividend, our fifth increase since going public and a further demonstration of our commitment to return excess free cash to our shareholders over time.

1

The strategies that we established as a new stand-alone company remain as relevant today as they did in 2008. We continue to build and enhance our leading brands; pursue profitable channels, packages and categories; leverage our integrated business model; strengthen our route to market and improve our operating efficiency ­ all with a mindset of rapid continuous improvement (RCI). Here's a taste of our wins in 2012: · We grew Dr Pepper dollar share for the fifth consecutive year, up 0.2 points. · Based on positive consumer response to Dr Pepper TEN we tested five additional TEN products: 7UP TEN, A&W TEN, Sunkist ® TEN TM Soda, Canada Dry TEN and RC TEN. In test markets for these products, 40 percent of dollar sales were incremental to the CSD category. Backed by these promising results, we took these TEN products nationwide in January 2013. · We grew Snapple volume 3 percent, ensuring that Snapple is enjoyed by more consumers across the country. · We launched Snapple Diet Half `n Half Lemonade Iced Tea, which gained distribution quickly and has already become the fourth fastest-selling SKU in the Snapple product line. · Driven by local activation events such as sponsorships of sporting events and The Latin GRAMMY ® Awards, Clamato sales continued to outperform the vegetable juice category, up 15 percent in 2012. · Canada Dry volume increased 6 percent on top of double-digit gains in 2011. · Retail sales on priority brands in Canada were up 1 percent, outpacing the liquid refreshment beverages category (LRB) by 0.2 percentage points. · Our Latin America Beverages segment grew volume 2 percent, driven by increases in Peñafiel, Crush, Clamato and Squirt. In Mexico, we grew dollar share of total LRB by 0.2 points. · We increased trial and sampling opportunities at the fountain, adding more than 45,000 valves and growing fountain volume by 3 percent. · With a focus on quality placements and the right product selections, we added more than 14,000 pieces of cold-drink equipment. · We increased display tie-in rates by 1.2 percentage points on regular Dr Pepper within the Coca-Cola bottling system. · Since beginning our rapid continuous improvement (RCI) journey in 2011, more than 3,000 employees have participated in 200-plus RCI projects across the company. As a result, we've reduced days sales in inventory by 40 percent and closed 10 outside warehouses, freeing up resources to redirect into growing the business. In addition, we've cut our fleet delivery miles traveled by more than 1 million, removing 3.7 million pounds of greenhouse gas emissions from the atmosphere.

DPS IS GROWING IN FOUNTAIN

DR PEPPER

66,497 29,663 36,254

2010 | 19,921 2011 | 22,428 2012 | 24,148

DIET DR PEPPER

2010 | 9,198 2011 | 9,499 2012 | 10,966

ALL OTHER DPS BRANDS

2010 | 13,745 2011 | 12,426 2012 | 10,083

DPS has placed more than 130,000 valves over three years.

Growing Our Business
In 2012, we continued to execute disciplined pricing in the marketplace, invest behind our well-loved brands and drive productivity improvements with RCI. For the year, net sales increased 2 percent as price increases and favorable mix offset flat CSD volumes and a 5 percent decline in non-carbonated beverages. Segment operating profit was up 2 percent, reflecting contributions from net sales growth and ongoing productivity improvements partially offset by higher packaging and ingredient costs, inflation in labor and benefits costs and increased marketing investments. We reported core earnings of $2.92 per diluted share, an increase of 2 percent compared to 2011. Going forward, opportunities remain to build our business by increasing distribution and availability across high-growth and high-margin packages, categories and channels. With a focus on excellence in execution, we will optimize shelf and display space and expand our immediate consumption presence through fountain and cold-drink placements.

Leading With Flavor
Having gained steadily on colas over the past two decades, flavored CSD sales now represent nearly 51 percent of total retail sales of CSDs. This growth has largely been driven by demographics such as the growing Hispanic population, who strongly prefer flavors to colas, and millennial consumers, who seek variety. As the flavor leader, DPS is uniquely positioned to continue to capitalize on these trends. In fact, we're adding incremental sales to the CSD category through flavorful innovations such as our new TEN products, which provide options for consumers who want fewer calories, but prefer the full flavor of a regular CSD. TEN represents a strategic platform for DPS, and we believe it has tremendous potential not only for our business, but for the CSD category as a whole. Far from being a line extension, TEN is a critical part of a long-term strategy designed to increase consumption frequency and capture lapsed users. We're creating value for retailers and consumers by providing more package sizes, such as SnapTea gallons under the Snapple trademark and six-pack half-liter bottles for CSDs. We're adding more product options, such as Hawaiian Punch Aloha Morning, to provide convenience for moms and increase opportunities for consumers to enjoy our brands more times throughout the day.

Building Our Brands
Our iconic flavors and their devoted followers are driving growth for our brands. Still, we have opportunities to introduce more consumers to our flavor portfolio. To that end, we're developing innovative media and marketing programs that deliver fun as well as flavor. Promotions such as our Facebook ® Credits Program, the teaming up of Snapple with America's Got Talent ® , and our wildly popular Dr Pepper Tuition Giveaway have strengthened our brand awareness with consumers while bringing new flavor fans into our fold.

Driving Executional Excellence
We're putting the shopper in the center of our plans to inform our marketing programs. This approach, combined with a commitment to excellence in retail execution, is delivering strong results for DPS in the dollar channel, where flavors have grown 21 percent over the last three years. In California, there's a new sales team in town ­ our Latino Street Force ­ and they're dedicated to connecting with Hispanic consumers at local retail and community events. These efforts are helping to drive growth in key Hispanic accounts by gaining incremental display space for brands such as Clamato.

Creating Shareholder Value
At DPS, we're focused on driving profitable volume and sales growth to create strong shareholder value over time. Through RCI, we are freeing up critical resources ­ people, time and money ­ that we can redirect toward building our brands, growing our business and providing strong total shareholder returns in the years ahead. In 2012, we used RCI to develop an inventory replenishment strategy. As a result, DPS is now world class among large consumer packaged goods (CPG) companies in the food and beverage industry for maintaining the lowest day sales in inventory.

3

Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Update
Since our spin-off in 2008, we have been privileged to have a distinguished and experienced board of directors to provide oversight and help guide our business. Going forward, we will miss the contributions of one of our directors, Mike Weinstein, who announced his resignation from the board effective Dec. 31, 2012. We thank Mike for his leadership during his nearly four years of service to DPS. From a governance perspective, we provided shareholders with a stronger voice in the election of our directors in 2012, eliminating our classified board structure and establishing annual elections beginning in 2015.

Looking Forward
While today's consumer is changing, becoming more aware of health and wellness and seeking more convenience and value, one thing remains the same: When it comes to liquid refreshment, taste is king. In 2013, our unrivaled brand portfolio positions us to win with innovative products such as our TEN platform that delivers both great taste and fewer calories. We'll also grow our brands by continuing to invest heavily behind them, developing strong marketing campaigns such as our "/1" or "one of one" Dr Pepper campaign, which engages consumers by celebrating what makes each of them one of a kind. In addition to building our brands and engaging consumers, we'll continue to use RCI to deliver improvements in cash flow and profitability and to create a sustainable foundation for long-term growth. In 2013, we'll focus our RCI efforts around goal deployment, ensuring alignment across functions and cultivating a lean mindset in our senior leaders and their teams. We've found that the best change and improvement comes from our people, so in 2013 we'll conduct RCI events at additional sites to engage more of our employees. At the same time, we'll continue to build our bench by developing our leaders and their teams through our Mobilizing for ACTION initiative. The talent and commitment of our employees drive the success and growth of our business, and we thank each individual for his or her contributions. At DPS, we firmly believe in turning up the volume on flavor. With a focus on bringing consumers back to CSDs and energizing the category, we'll use the strength of our entire brand portfolio and the commitment of our team to drive profitable volume and sales growth and create shareholder value in 2013 and beyond. Sincerely,

Wayne R. Sanders Chairman of the Board

Consumers selected DPS as the best among soft drink companies in the American Customer Satisfaction Index TM report for 2012. We earned a score of 87, an increase of 6 percent over 2011. DPS was named to The Civic 50 as one of the top 50 S&P companies making a difference in their communities.

Larry D. Young President & Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2013

W i t h o u t f l a v o r s, w e ' d b e j u s t a n o t h e r c o l a c o m p a n y.

4

