LE T TE R TO STO C K HO LDERS
To Our Stockholders:

WINNERS LEAD, COMPETE AND DELIVE R. THEY ALSO RE PEAT.
In 2011, despite challenging macroeconomic conditions, including some of the highest commodity inflation in years and ongoing economic pressures, our brands continued to perform well. We grew net sales 5 percent, and our cash flow remained strong and consistent, enabling us to return approximately $773 million to shareholders last year, with $522 million in share repurchases and $251 million in dividends. During the year, we increased our all-commodity volume (ACV) distribution, getting more of our products into a higher percentage of retailers and gaining additional shelf space. We increased ACV on our core brands and packages in grocery by 8 percentage points for carbonated soft drinks (CSDs) and 2 percentage points for Snapple and Mott's. We also continued to grow per-capita consumption in targeted markets for Snapple, up 1.2 servings per person, and Canada Dry, up 0.3 servings. In addition, 11 of our 14 leading brands continue to hold the No. 1 position in their flavor category. Our priorities remain clear and unchanged: building our brands, growing per-capita consumption, and creating a strong business foundation underpinned by rapid continuous improvement (RCI).

PRESIDENT & CEO LARRY D. YOUNG

CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD WAYNE R. SANDERS

2011 FINANCIAL SNAPSHOT
(MILLIONS, EXCEPT EARNINGS PER SHARE)

NET SALES SEGMENT OPERATING PROFIT DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE *

2011 $5,903 2010 $5,636

+5%

2011 $1,341 2010 $1,321

+2%

2011 $2.79 2010 $2.40

+16%

*2011 diluted earnings per share (EPS) excludes a legal reserve, which totaled 5 cents per share. 2010 diluted EPS excludes a loss on early extinguishment of debt and certain tax-related items, which totaled 23 cents per share. See page 13 for a detailed reconciliation of the excluded items and the rationale for the exclusion.

1

Our ability to execute against these priorities is exemplified by the wins we achieved in 2011. · We grew Dr Pepper dollar share for the fourth consecutive year, up 0.2 points in 2011. · Snapple, the leader in premium teas, continued its momentum, with volume up more than 7 percent on top of double-digit gains in 2010. · We took Sun Drop nationwide in early 2011, delivering 9 million incremental cases and achieving 93 percent ACV in grocery. Sun Drop now holds the No. 2 branded spot in the citrus category. · We launched Dr Pepper TEN, a low-calorie version of our flagship brand, after we achieved a 6 percent volume lift for the entire Dr Pepper product line during three months in test markets. Based on the positive consumer response to Dr Pepper TEN, we're testing additional TEN offerings in 2012 for 7UP, Canada Dry, Sunkist soda, A&W and RC Cola. · Canada increased market share for its priority brands, with dollar share up 1.1 points. · We made gains on brands repatriated from The Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo, Inc., exceeding our internal volume targets. · Building on our strategy to win in single serve and immediate consumption, we added 43,000 fountain valves and 25,000 cold-drink placements, focusing on

quality placements and profitable assortment mix. In total, our fountain foodservice volume grew 5 percent in 2011. · Latin America Beverages grew volume 4 percent, driven by increases for Squirt, Peñafiel and Clamato. · More than 1,200 employees participated in 90-plus RCI projects across the company in 2011, improving productivity and freeing up resources to redirect toward growing distribution and availability and increasing per-capita consumption of our brands. Growing our Business In 2011, we implemented strategies to improve both price and mix across our CSD and non-carbonated portfolios to help defray the significant increases in commodity costs. These actions, the performance of certain repatriated brands and the revenues associated with The Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo, Inc. transactions helped offset a slight decline in overall volume, resulting in the 5 percent increase in net sales. Segment operating profit was up 2 percent, reflecting net sales growth, partially offset by higher packaging and ingredient costs and a one-time legal provision. Excluding certain items, we earned $2.79 per diluted share, an increase of 16 percent as compared with 2010. Our opportunities to grow distribution and availability and increase per-capita consumption in North America are well within our reach. Many markets remain untapped, and we believe that over the long term DPS has an 800 million case opportunity to increase consumption for brands such as Dr Pepper, our Core 4 (7UP, Canada Dry, Sunkist soda and A&W), Crush, Snapple and Mott's.

2

Leading with Flavor When it comes to flavor, DPS is the clear front runner. We're No. 1 in flavored CSDs, and with more than 50 brands in our portfolio, we provide consumers with choices that meet their needs. In addition to variety, consumers want lower calorie options, improved nutrition and convenient package sizes, and we're delivering on all of these fronts. On the packaging side, we launched Hawaiian Punch 10-oz. six-packs, multiserve Snapple premium teas, CSD 20-oz. grip bottles and CSD 18pack cans in 2011. On page 7, you'll read how DPS is also providing lower calorie options and healthy choices with products such as Dr Pepper TEN, Snapple Lightly Sweetened Teas and Mott's Medleys Sauce. Competing Differently At DPS, our size is one of our strengths. It makes us faster, more agile, able to leverage learnings and repeat successes more quickly. These strengths are a decided advantage when it comes to seizing opportunities at the local level, where our sales teams are partnering with our retail customers to develop strategies to increase consumption in low per-capita markets and build longterm equity for our brands. As you'll read on page 8, this approach has helped grow volume in targeted markets for Canada Dry and brands such as 7UP, Peñafiel and Clamato, which are favorites among Hispanic consumers. In addition, our allied brand partnerships allow us to participate in emerging beverage categories, and our third-party bottler agreements, which help fill distribution voids, get our products into the hands of more consumers. Delivering Shareholder Value On the strength of our brands and execution, we expect our cash flow to remain healthy, and we will continue to return excess free cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. A key enabler behind our strong cash flow is our focus on RCI, which is increasing cash flow through capital avoidance and the reduction of working capital. On page 10, you'll learn more about our long-term commitment to providing total shareholder returns in the top quartile of consumer staple companies.

WE GREW DR PEPPER DOLLAR SHARE FOR THE FOURTH CONSECUTIVE YEAR, UP 0.2 POINTS IN 201 1.

(THROUGH DEC. 31, 2011)

A N N UA L I Z E D T O TA L SHAREHOLDER RETURNS SINCE SPIN­OFF
15% 6% -3% S&P 500 PEER GROUP INDEX DPS

Compound annual growth rate includes changes in stock price since May 7, 2008, the day DPS became a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange, and reinvestment of dividends. The Peer Group Index consists of the following companies: The Coca-Cola Co., PepsiCo, Inc., Monster Beverage Corp. (formerly Hansen Natural Corp.), The Cott Corp., Jones Soda Co. and National Beverage Corp.

3

Looking Forward Our unmatched brand portfolio, unwavering focus on our strategic priorities and increasing engagement in RCI will enable us to continue to execute against a winning strategy that has remained consistent since 2008. Strong marketing support behind our brands will continue, with compelling advertising, programming that addresses purchase barriers and campaigns that create awareness and trial. Using research on how consumers navigate stores and category aisles, we'll further refine our retail execution strategy. We'll also continue to engage, align and mobilize our people around our Call to ACTION initiative, extending capabilities to frontline employees and leveraging online DPS Campus training to enable even better execution. Our people, a team 19,000 strong, are the heart of the organization, and we value their talents and contributions. As we lead with our flavor portfolio and play to our strengths of speed and agility to outpace the competition, we are confident in our ability to deliver long-term, sustainable growth and to increase shareholder value in 2012 and beyond. Sincerely,

(IN MILLIONS)

C A S H F LOW F ROM OP E RATIONS
$2,535* $865 $709 $760

2008

2009

2010

2011

FOUR­YEAR TOTAL: $4.87 BILLION
*Includes one-time licensing agreement payments from The Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo, Inc.

(THREE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL 2009­2011) $4.2 Billion
PEPSI/COKE LICENSING AGREEMENTS

PRIMARY SOUR CES & USES OF CASH
$3.8 Billion
SHARE REPURCHASES DIVIDENDS NET REPAYMENT OF CREDIT FACILITY & NOTES OPERATIONS CAPITAL SPENDING

Wayne R. Sanders Chairman of the Board
SOURCES USES

Larry D. Young President & Chief Executive Officer

March 2, 2012

4

