LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Joe R. Lee
10 DARDENRESTAURANTS 2000ANNUALREPORT
Our passion is to be the best in casual dining, now and for generations.
    Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Darden Restaurants
To Our Shareholders, Employees and Guests:
Fiscal 2000 was our best year ever, with the strongest results in our history. This terrific financial perform- ance reflects continued progress toward our goal – being the best company in casual dining, now and for generations.
• Revenues increased 7% to $3.7 billion, driven by strong same-restaurant sales growth at Red Lobster and Olive Garden and continued expansion of Bahama Breeze.
• Earnings after tax before an unusual non-operating gain increased 28% to $173.1 million, our highest level ever.
• Earnings per share on a diluted basis before the unusual gain rose 36% to $1.31, a significant achievement coming on top of the 43% prior year increase.
• Red Lobster had annual sales of $2.07 billion and its average sales per restaurant were $3.2 million, record performances in both categories. Red Lobster’s same- restaurant sales increased 7.6% for the year and were positive in every quarter, completing 10 consecutive quarters of comparable restaurant sales increases.
• Olive Garden’s annual sales were $1.58 billion
and its sales per restaurant averaged $3.4 million, establishing Olive Garden records in both categories. Olive Garden’s same-restaurant sales increased 7.2% for the year and were strongly positive every quarter. It posted 23 consecutive quarters of positive compara- ble restaurant sales.
 • Bahama Breeze continued to be enthusiastically received by guests, opening eight more restaurants in six new markets. Guests can now enjoy a “two-hour vacation in the islands” in any one of 14 different Bahama Breeze restaurants in 11 markets.
• In September 1999, we introduced our latest internally developed restaurant concept, Smokey Bones BBQ Sports Bar. This concept combines two features we believe are extremely promising – barbecue and a relaxed sports bar experience – and is an exciting
addition to our portfolio. There are currently two restau-
rants, both located in Orlando, and we plan to extend the test with another restaurant in Columbus, OH, early in fiscal 2001.
• With our strong cash flow and balance sheet, we invested in growth while also repurchasing 11.5 million shares, or $202 million, of Darden stock in fiscal 2000. We have repurchased 44.1 million shares of stock since the program began in December 1995 and have authorization to purchase an additional 20.5 mil- lion shares.
Our passion is to be the best in casual dining, now and for generations. Casual dining is a growth industry and we are committed to capturing that growth opportunity. We believe we have the right strategy and the right team to deliver significant growth in sales, earnings and shareholder value.
 
 Casual dining is expected to grow at a compound annual rate of 6% to 8% over the next 10 years.
THE GROWTH OPPORTUNITY
We made tremendous progress in executing our strategy in fiscal 2000. We’ve set our sights high and recognize there is much more work to be done. We are energized by the challenge. Here’s how we see the future unfolding for Darden Restaurants.
Casual dining sales totaled more than $44 billion in calendar 1999, a 7.0% increase over calendar 1998. Darden’s $3.7 billion in sales in fiscal 2000 represents just over 8% of the industry total, making Darden the largest casual dining restaurant company in the world. Casual dining is projected to grow at a compound annual rate of 6% to 8% over the next 10 years, which is consistent with the 6.9% com- pound annual growth the segment experienced from 1990 through 1999. At this expected growth rate, the casual dining segment will double in size within 10 years.
The factors driving casual dining are truly powerful. Leading the way is the generation of baby boomers entering their peak casual dining years, with increased dining-out frequency due to higher disposable incomes, more leisure time and less interest in cooking.
Adding to the growth expectations for casual dining is the increasing participation of women in the workforce, which boosts family income, results in more meals away from home (especially lunch) and contributes to the declining time for and interest
in cooking.
Finally, hectic schedules for people of all ages
result in dramatic lifestyle changes. Consumers place
a premium on the service, convenience and social
reconnection time they can receive from casual dining. Casual dining has become more than an occasional indulgence for a few. It has become a frequent necessity for many. And these consumers are more demand- ing than ever, seeking bolder flavors, interesting preparations and skilled, individualized service.
We intend to capture the tremendous opportunity ahead of us and increase our share of the casual dining industry. We plan to do this while delivering total returns to our shareholders that rank among the best in our industry.
DARDEN’S GROWTH STRATEGY
Darden is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunity casual dining offers. We are the only company in casual dining with two well-established top-tier restaurant concepts, each with sales exceeding $1.5 billion. I believe we have the deepest, most seasoned management team in the industry. And we have one of the strongest financial positions in casual dining, with the strongest cash flow and an investment grade credit profile that offers flexible, cost-effective access to capital to fund our growth. These leadership and financial resources provide a terrific platform for sustaining and growing Darden well into the future.
Our growth strategy starts with keeping our core concepts – Red Lobster and Olive Garden – fresh and vibrant. We will reinvest in these businesses to sustain same-restaurant sales growth, and we will expand them, adding meaningfully to our new restaurant growth. By growing Red Lobster and Olive Garden, we expect to generate much of the cash flow needed to fund new restaurant growth at emerging concepts like Bahama Breeze, to develop potential new concepts like Smokey Bones and to acquire or internally create other concepts with strong consumer appeal.
Darden is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunity casual dining offers.
 DARDENRESTAURANTS 2000ANNUALREPORT 11

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS continued
  As we consider our future, we begin and end with our guests. We are convinced that to remain attractive and relevant, we must continually evolve with our guests. To do so, we must have an ongoing commitment to being brilliant with the basics when it comes to four strategic building blocks:
• Day-to-day operating excellence in our restaurants.
• Continuous leadership development throughout our Company. • Service and hospitality that redefines casual dining.
• A commitment to ever-improving culinary expertise.
We have made great strides in strengthening each of these building blocks. It is because of this progress we are able to turn again to aggressively expanding our business and do so with confidence. In fiscal 2001, we will increase the total number of restaurants for the first time since 1995, with Red Lobster, Olive Garden and Bahama Breeze all contributing. Smokey Bones, if it continues to test well, will also play a meaningful part.
Underlining our efforts is careful attention to two factors we believe can make a huge difference in the amount of success we enjoy: diversity and technology. We are developing an organization-wide diver- sity sensibility that enables us to respond effectively to differences in the behaviors, expectations and atti- tudes of our increasingly diverse guests and employees. This sensibility will enable us to strengthen each of our strategic building blocks. We are pleased with the progress we’ve made thus far, which is reflected in our selection once again to Fortune magazine’s list of “America’s 50 Best Companies for Minorities.” We also intend to invest in and leverage our considerable
technology platform. We see an opportunity to use technol-
ogy to increase our effectiveness in each critical area of our
business, extending the casual dining technology leadership
advantage Darden has long had.
SUMMARY
As Bill Darden, the founder of Darden Restaurants said, “the greatest competitive edge our company has is the quality of our employees as evidenced by the excellent job they do every day.” I want to thank our more than 122,000 terrific employees for their contributions to Darden’s operating success in fiscal 2000. Without their personal commitment to delivering outstanding food and service to our guests, we couldn’t even dream of becoming the best casual dining company now and for generations to come. Because of them, we are well on the way to that goal.
We also thank you for your support as shareholders, and we look forward to a bright future together for Darden Restaurants.
   12 DARDENRESTAURANTS 2000ANNUALREPORT
Joe R. Lee
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Darden Restaurants
We are convinced that to remain attractive and relevant, we must continually evolve with our guests, by being brilliant with the basics.
