CEO Message

DTE Energy's Aspiration is to be the best-operated energy company in North America and a force for growth and prosperity in the communities where we live and serve.
This statement isn't an empty catchphrase like so many that litter cubicles across corporate America. It grew out of our employees' genuine desire to help build a better future for Michigan and its communities. It arose out of the economic crisis of 2009-2010, when we looked outward and saw a still struggling region. Our employees asked: what can we do to help? Our answer to them: become a best-operated company that provides our customers with excellent service, and use our economic scale to help our communities grow and prosper. Our Aspiration can only be realized through the exceptional energy of our 10,000 employees. To create a great company, our employees must be fully engaged and bring their best energy and focus to work every day. We measure engagement using the Gallup employee engagement survey, and I am very proud of our improvement over the last seven years. In 2014, we earned our third consecutive Gallup Great Workplace Award ­ the only utility to ever win this award, much less three years in a row. An engaged workforce also is tightly linked to our customer satisfaction. In February 2015, we were recognized in J.D. Power's rankings as "Highest in Customer Satisfaction With Business Natural Gas Service in the Midwest." Our residential gas business and our electric utility also continue to rank at or near the top in J.D. Power customer satisfaction surveys. While we take pride in the progress made in improving our customer service performance, our work is not done. For homeowners and for our communities, we continue to make additional improvements. One of the most important strategic issues for DTE is the coming fundamental transformation of electric power production in Michigan and across the country. We are working closely with policymakers to ensure Michigan is well-positioned for its future energy needs, and I am proud to be part of the utility team steering this effort nationally. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Clean Power Plan has important implications for the communities where power plants have operated for decades and for our customers. We absolutely agree it is time to move toward a cleaner, greener generation mix; however, the path to achieving those goals must also support both a thriving business climate in Michigan and the needs of low income customers. Wind energy is a great resource in Michigan and will play a significant role in this power sector transformation. We recognize that it can also raise concerns. One community in northern Huron County, where wind resources are very high quality, voted to put a moratorium on further wind development. We will need to work closely with local communities to balance their valid concerns with the state's need for renewable energy sources.

2014-2015 Corporate Citizenship Report

3

CEO Message
Being a leading corporate citizen also means giving back to the communities where we live and serve. 2014 was an extraordinary year in the history of Detroit and our region, as we took the first steps toward a much brighter future. So in that light, DTE Energy and the DTE Energy Foundation provided by far the highest level of giving in our company's history: $27 million. The Foundation invested $12 million in organizations across Michigan and $5 million in the "Grand Bargain" to support the Detroit Institute of Arts and the City of Detroit. We also donated $10 million to The Heat and Warmth Fund and the United Way to expand funding support for our low-income customers. DTE's purchasing power is yet another way we contribute to the health of our communities. We are one of the leaders of an initiative launched in 2011 to buy more goods and services from Michigan suppliers. We exceeded our initial goal to shift $1 billion to Michigan-based suppliers, and building on that success, I am pleased to share that we recently committed to invest another $5 billion in spending with Michigan-based companies over the next five years. While this report is a chance for us to share our successes with you, it must be balanced with a fair discussion of our challenges. Electric reliability is not where it needs to be, and many of the problems stem from high winds that bring down trees and tree branches onto our power lines. We are investing heavily in tree trimming near our lines, but we haven't always done a good job of communicating how and why we are doing that. We appreciate the beauty and value trees bring to our customers and communities, and are using the feedback we have received from customers to upgrade our communication and pursue the work in a way that makes sense for everyone. Another challenge for us is our natural gas business, where 30 percent of our customers live below 150 percent of the poverty line. They struggle to pay bills ­ and declining state energy assistance funding levels and recent colder winters haven't helped. We want to serve our customer base with dignity, but we also can't provide services without payment. Our highly successful Low Income Self-Sufficiency Plan is one way we have helped, and we are working with the state to establish a more sustainable long-term footing for the program. This 2014-2015 Corporate Citizenship Report provides our stakeholders with an inside look at the work we are focused on for our customers and our communities. It tells the story of our employees and the energy and spirit that drives us each day to best serve our customers, to help our company grow, to be good stewards of the environment and to be proud supporters of our communities. On behalf of the proud men and women of DTE Energy, I am pleased to share this report with you, and I invite you to share your feedback at citizenship@dteenergy.com.

Gerry Anderson
Chairman and CEO DTE Energy

"Our Aspiration can only be realized through the exceptional energy of our 10,000 employees. To create a great company, our employees must be fully engaged and bring their best energy and focus to work every day."
- Gerry Anderson

2014-2015 Corporate Citizenship Report

4

