A MESSAGE TO SHAREHOLDERS
At a time when the world's businesses struggle to find their footing and talk openly about survival as a goal, we almost hesitate to say that DIRECTV has never been stronger. Yet in the past year, we captured market share from our competitors, generated strong double-digit top line growth, increased margins and took our cash flow to a whole new level. Clearly our results in these challenging times have been helped by the fact that television has become a staple of day-to-day life, not a discretionary purchase. The average U.S. household is watching more television than ever. At the same time, we also recognize we are not immune to economic pressures. More customers are chasing deals to help make ends meet, and the cost of acquiring or retaining customers is putting pressure on us in a number of places. Nonetheless, we believe we have uniquely distinguished ourselves from our competitors to create a sustainable leadership position that will drive long-term value. This leadership position is built around providing the best television experience. We believe the majority of consumers view television as a rich and important part of their lives, but we also know they're interested in getting great value from their service. We do not believe television is a commodity because people care a lot about quality, choice, reliability, ease of use, excitement and service. These are our competitive strengths as we continue to pursue and attain the most valuable customers who are interested in enriching their television experience.

AN UNPARALLELED CONTENT EXPERIENCE
Last year, we strengthened DIRECTV's brand and video leadership position in the U.S. by expanding our HD offerings and rolling out an array of compelling new services like DIRECTV on DEMAND, as well as more exclusive programming and interactive sports coverage. HD leadership has been a key component behind our marketing message of providing customers with the best television experience. Last year, we further expanded our industry-leading HD programming by 50% to 130 national channels while increasing the availability of local HD channels to 89% of U.S. TV households. With the launch of our DIRECTV 12 satellite later this year, we will gain another 50% increase in our national HD capacity to over 200 channels while offering local HD channels to more than 92% of households. We also greatly enriched our content experience with the launch of DIRECTV on DEMAND, our new video on demand service. Our goal was not merely to offer a VOD service that is competitive with cable, but to make it significantly better and considerably more customer-friendly. DIRECTV on DEMAND offers both instant access to some of the most popular movies and shows that are pushed to customers' DVR hard drives, and broadband access to a growing library of more than 7,000 titles. In the coming year, we'll expand the richness and functionality of the service with faster access and a more integrated experience with DIRECTV's linear channels. Exclusive content is thriving on The 101® Network as well, where viewers enjoy quality programming that can't be found anywhere else, including critically acclaimed shows, previews of the season's newest hits, and commercial-free entertainment, all in crystal clear HD. The Peabody Awardwinning series, "Friday Night Lights" premiered its third season exclusively on DIRECTV last October, consistently ranking in the top five of all cable shows viewed by our customers in its time period. In January 2009, the too-intense-for-network-TV series, "Wonderland" returned to television, airing on The 101 with six episodes never before aired in the U.S.

Clearly the cornerstone of our success is sports leadership, which continues to be defined by the crown jewel of the sports world, the NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM package. We recently extended our exclusive agreement to offer NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM to DIRECTV customers through the 2014 season. The agreement also significantly broadens our reach by enabling NFL fans, who cannot receive DIRECTV, to get NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM via broadband beginning no later than 2012.

In a year in which all of the major cable companies and DISH Network lost subscribers, DIRECTV U.S. added 861,000 net new subscribers in 2008 as gross additions increased to over 3.9 million subscribers and the average monthly churn rate dropped to a nine-year low of 1.47%.

Our sports leadership, however, extends beyond the NFL as we continue to offer more enhanced and interactive services than any other television provider. Last year, for example, we offered expanded interactive coverage of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, U.S. Open and French Open tennis tournaments, as well as the Masters Golf Tournament. And in 2009, we'll be offering enhanced coverage, including our innovative Mix Channel, for all four Grand Slam tennis and golf tournaments.

The combination of all these unique offerings contributes to an unparalleled content experience. In a year in which all of the major cable companies and DISH Network lost subscribers, DIRECTV U.S. added 861,000 net new subscribers in 2008 as gross additions increased to over 3.9 million subscribers and the average monthly churn rate dropped to a nine-year low of 1.47%.

A DYNAMIC USER EXPERIENCE
Our robust offerings encourage customers to interact with their DIRECTV® service more and more each day, so we're constantly seeking ways to enrich their user experience and make it easier for them to find and take advantage of all our great content. Our latest and most popular example is a new service we launched last year called DIRECTV® DVR Scheduler, which gives customers the freedom to set up recordings on their home DVR from any cell phone or computer. To date, our customers have remotely scheduled about 5 million recordings using the DVR Scheduler. Working in partnership with The Weather Channel, we now offer customers multiple methods for receiving five-day forecasts and vital ZIP code-specific local weather information, including severe weather alerts during the popular "Local on the 8s" segments. We also introduced QuickTune, which allows customers to personalize their own programming guide with nine of their favorite channels. And getting ready to debut in 2009 is ScoreGuideTM, which will provide customers with up-to-the-minute game scores from the major sports leagues at the touch of a button via their remote control.

ADDRESSING THE CHALLENGE OF CUSTOMER SERVICE
Though we are making progress in providing customer service that is commensurate with the excellent reputation of our brand, this is clearly an area where we have much work to do. Furthermore, customer satisfaction can and should be a major competitive advantage for DIRECTV. As such, our goal of significantly improving customer service is one of our most important priorities in 2009. Last year we formally articulated our commitment to dramatically improve the DIRECTV customer experience through a "Customer Promise" to all of our 17-plus million customers: "We strive to deliver the best television experience for you every day. Committed to the principles

of honesty and integrity, our employees are determined to provide you with prompt, courteous and excellent service. We promise to do our best to resolve any issues that might arise as quickly as possible. And we will continue to develop the unique, innovative programming and services that you have come to expect and enjoy from DIRECTV." A key goal for our management team is to ensure that all of our employees remain fully committed to delivering on this promise. We took some important steps in 2008 to address customer concerns and increase performance in key areas that drive customer satisfaction, including revamping our customers' experience during their first 30 days on the DIRECTV platform with a new customer communications strategy. We also launched a "Thank You" program to reward our most loyal and tenured customers with anniversary gifts such as three free months of premium programming or a free receiver upgrade. To give us better insight into the installation services aspect of our business, we took ownership of roughly one-third of our Home Services field organization in 2008. This is allowing us to test and deploy tools and technologies like wireless handhelds, dish pointing verification, and diagnostics that will not only improve our performance on many levels, but also enable us to build Home Services into a unique strength for DIRECTV. Although we have barely scratched the surface, we're striving for excellence to delight our customers with an experience that lives up to their high expectations.

EXECUTION AND EFFICIENCY
While we recognize that leadership in content, technology, and service is the foundation for our strategic plan, our success is ultimately dependent on our ability to execute with a discipline and focus that enables us to take advantage of our opportunities and achieve targeted results. That means developing unique marketing messages that stand out in a cluttered media world and resonate with customers in communicating the superiority of DIRECTV. We must continue to find unique marketing vehicles like our DIRECTV blimp that intrigue customers while generating that much sought-after water cooler buzz. In 2008, we had a unique opportunity to add a major dimension to our sales efforts and strengthen our competitive position against the cable bundle by reaching a long-term agreement with AT&T for the sale of DIRECTV bundled with AT&T broadband and telephony products. This agreement will open new paths to reach potential customers and enable us to continue to strengthen our overall sales plans by focusing on the channels that deliver the highest-quality subscribers with the greatest efficiency. With agreements in place with both AT&T and Verizon, we will have the opportunity to work with the two leading U.S. cellular companies to make mobile services a part of our overall experience. Execution also means taking costs out of our business at every level so that we can continue to invest in new and enhanced experiences for our customers while maintaining competitive prices. In some cases that means attacking key costs like third-party programming contracts where our increase per subscriber in 2008 was the lowest in many years. Equally, it means streamlining operations, reducing errors, and developing more efficient tools. Our directv.com Web site has become a greatly enhanced site that is much more efficient than the phone to address customer service and information needs. Last year, we were able to reduce the number of calls handled by our call centers even though we had a larger customer base and a more complex service. In addition, we reduced the number of service calls to customers' homes by relying on technology, efficiencies and discipline.

In the last few months, we have overhauled our set-top box testing to further improve the reliability of our boxes, eliminated steps in the home installation process to improve technician performance, added diagnostic tools to expedite problem solving, and many other enhancements. None of these improvements are transforming our business on an individual basis, but they are a critical part of the blocking and tackling that enables us to continually enhance both the DIRECTV customer experience and our results.

LATIN AMERICA ­ A SUCCESS STORY IN THE EARLY INNINGS
We're excited about the progress we've made in Latin America as it rapidly becomes a bigger part of the DIRECTV story. By just about every measure, from subscriber growth to revenue to earnings, DIRECTV Latin America had its best year ever in 2008. We added a record 623,000 net subscribers as demand soared in Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela, driving revenue growth of 39% to $2.4 billion and operating profit before depreciation and amortization growth of 75% to $690 million. As in the U.S., our strategy in Latin America is to provide the best television experience. To achieve this goal, DIRECTV Latin America is able to piggyback on our U.S. scale and technology leadership to create sustainable competitive advantages by introducing superior products ahead of our competition at a lower cost. DIRECTV Latin America was the first to introduce DVRs throughout the region and we're already seeing penetration levels well into the double-digit range in several countries. And similar to the U.S., we expect to be the undisputed leader in HD throughout the region. We've already launched HD programming in most key countries and have plans to greatly expand these offerings over the next couple of years.

Our sights are set on pursuing the many new opportunities that this digital world presents. Just as we transformed the media landscape 15 years ago with digital broadcasts from a satellite and then again in 2007 with HD programming, we're looking for the next great leap...

Another key area for growth in Latin America relates to the expanding popularity of our pre-paid offers. Latin American countries typically have more cash-based economies and our prepaid programs are targeting those customers who want to avoid long-term commitments and prepay their monthly bills with cash. We've had tremendous success with these offers in Venezuela and we are now introducing pre-paid services in other countries in the region.

There are clearly economic and political challenges that will persist in the years ahead, but there remain terrific opportunities for growth in Latin America. Our optimism stems from both our video leadership position and the relatively young state of the pay television marketplace in Latin America. Currently, only about a quarter of all households in Latin America pay for television services. Although we do not expect pay TV penetration rates to approach the 90% levels seen in the U.S., we foresee many more years of prosperous growth throughout the region.

LEADING THE WAY INTO THE FUTURE
Going into 2009, we recognize that this is a time of unique uncertainty, and while we've weathered the economic storms well so far, we are fully aware of the risks. Fortunately, we face these issues from a position of strength, thanks to our strong balance sheet, cash flow, competitive position and quality subscriber base.

Our sights are set on pursuing the many new opportunities that this digital world presents. Just as we transformed the media landscape 15 years ago with digital broadcasts from a satellite and then again in 2007 with HD programming, we're looking for the next great leap as we pioneer the technologies and services that will bring ubiquity to the DIRECTV service. With industry trends indicating that customers are replacing land lines with cell phones and exchanging fixed broadband for mobile broadband, we believe we have a unique window of opportunity to defeat cable's triple play while leading our business and industry into the future. Last year, we launched a few services as stepping stones on the path to offering a whole-home experience. Our DIRECTVTM MediaShare service enables customers to view pictures, music and video content from their PC on their TV. Conversely, DIRECTV2PCTM allows customers to watch DIRECTV on any personal computer in their house. In the second half of 2009, customers will be able to share content between two DVRs in the home, and in 2010 our Home Media Center will provide a true wholehome solution. The goal is to have all information and entertainment devices in a home connected to a central server that will provide seamless HD, DVR and other media services throughout the house. Though the core of our strategy will always be to provide the best and most compelling entertainment experience in the home, we have a great opportunity to team with our Telco partners to take DIRECTV beyond the home, using cell phones, laptops and other mobile devices. These companies form a powerful alliance because DIRECTV's video leadership is combined with the Telcos' leadership in wireless technologies. Initially, our focus will be on developing unique DIRECTV applications for cell phone users. We recently launched the iPhone DVR Scheduler app that combines the DIRECTV and AT&T experience with the popular iPhone graphical interface. Next our focus will turn to delivering DIRECTV content to mobile devices, particularly as our Telco partners move toward 4G technologies. In the coming months, we will be testing various programming services to determine the needs and desires of our customers. For example, later this year, we plan to stream professional football games on cell phones for our NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM subscribers. It's clear that our opportunities are unlimited and we are fortunate to pursue them as a company with tremendous financial and management strength, as well as with employees who have unparalleled passion and dedication to excellence. Our success is also greatly bolstered by the guidance and leadership of our Board of Directors and the support of our shareholders, including Liberty Media Corporation. With these assets in place, we have everything we need to keep our success story going.

Chase Carey President and Chief Executive Officer THE DIRECTV Group, Inc.

