chairman's letter 2010 annual report

A Message to Shareholders
When I came on board as DIRECTV CEO at the beginning of last year, I set out three priorities that I believed would be critical to our success in 2010 and beyond: deliver on our 2010 operating plan; rework our strategies to win in the marketplace; and focus on our people, with an emphasis on teamwork and talent. I am pleased to report to you that we have met or exceeded these goals and I could not be more proud of our management team and employees, who continue to show an amazing ability to innovate, adapt and respond in an extremely dynamic and turbulent market environment. We had a terrific year in 2010, as we excelled in every important category, beating our plans for subscriber growth, revenue and cash flow. Our consolidated results were impressive as we finished the year with more than 28 million customers in the Americas ­ maintaining our standing as the world's largest and most popular video service. customers for the year. Our cash flow before interest and taxes grew by 14 percent and we increased our market share by 50 basis points, taking customers primarily from cable. And we are becoming more competitive in the telco fiber territories. Latin America, by any measure, continues to be a terrific success story. The Latin American team shattered the records they set in 2009, adding 1.2 million customers and setting a high-water mark for revenue at nearly $3.6 billion. We will continue to double down on our Latin America business as demographic trends remain in our favor and we have a great service with strong appeal throughout the region. In short, it was a world-class year for the entire enterprise. We performed beyond expectations in spite of a lackluster recovery in the U.S. economy, a rapidly changing video landscape and a challenging competitive environment.

We had a terrific year in 2010, as we excelled in every important category , beating our plans for subscriber growth, revenue and cash flow.
We are now a $24 billion business with free cash flow for the full year at $2.8 billion, growing at 18 percent, and our operating profit before depreciation and amortization grew 20 percent, finishing 2010 at $6.4 billion--a solid number considering the increase in our gross additions.

milestones to success
On top of our solid 2010 performance, we completed several important transactions that transformed our company and will benefit our shareholders.

· I n June of last year, we completed our transaction with Dr. John
Malone, recapitalizing the Malone family stock ownership, which simplified our capital structure by eliminating the dual class of DIRECTV stock. We are now, for the first time, a truly independent company with an independent board. W  e repurchased over $5 billion, or 136 million shares, of our outstanding shares during the course of the year. A  nd late last year we completed a cash for stock transaction with Globo, our partner in Brazil, increasing our stake in the SKY Brasil joint venture to approximately 93 percent, which positions us to take our industry-leading position even further in a market of nearly 60 million homes with low pay-TV penetration.

· ·

delivering outstanding results
Both the U.S. and Latin America businesses delivered outstanding results. In the U.S., we finished the year with more than 19.2 million

These signature achievements further establish us as a unified, financially disciplined company with a common objective: to deliver a fantastic video experience to our customers and deliver solid returns to our shareholders. Coming off one of the best years in our history, we have a great deal of momentum going for us and are poised to take advantage of the opportunities ahead.

keeping our core strong
Strengthening our core will always be at the heart of what we need to do to continue to grow and prosper in the marketplace. It is becoming more critical in a mature business like ours. With consumers under financial stress and a customer base that is becoming increasingly segmented, we need a better understanding of what consumers want and how to deliver services they value. To better serve that segment of consumers who are attracted to the convenience and value of a bundled telephone, broadband and video service, we have expanded our telco relationships to include CenturyLink and Frontier. We will soon have the ability to offer a competitive bundle of DIRECTV and broadband services in 90 percent of the country. We are also working on an in-house sales tool that will allow us to more efficiently and effectively sell the bundles ourselves, and we will also soon be able to offer the telcos' nationwide promotional rates to our customers. One of the keys to a healthy core, especially as our industry matures, is keeping the customers we have by making sure they are delighted with every aspect of our service. We have taken a number of steps to enhance loyalty programs for our most valued customers and are raising the bar on the customer service experience--striving to go above and beyond their expectations at every single point of interaction. We need to do things right the first time and effectively "fix and recover" when it is not done right--treating each customer with respect and showing that we care about them as individuals. A little empathy goes a long way. That is how we will create passionate and loyal customers for life.

u.s. strategic vision
With that in mind, for the better part of 2010, we did a complete relook at our strategies, and a thorough review of every aspect of our business with a keen focus on the marketplace. We also conducted exhaustive research on consumer attitudes and how they used pay-TV services. We also looked at our values and vision. Leadership, innovation, decisiveness, agility, teamwork and integrity are values that have served us well over time and will continue as our core. We revised our vision statement, broadening it to "the best `video' experience" to reflect that we are offering our customers more ways to watch beyond linear TV. We also added "anytime, anywhere" as more of our customers seek a new level of convenience in their viewing experience.

(We're) raising the bar on the customer service experience--striving to go above and beyond their expectations at every single point of interaction.
As we took a hard look at our U.S. business, we identified our strengths, came up with plans to leverage those strengths, and got a firm handle on where the competition and consumers are going in the pay-TV arena. We developed a four-pillar strategy:

delivering the best anytime, anywhere experience
The second pillar of our strategy--delivering the best "anytime, anywhere" experience, in and out of the home--is driven by consumers who are looking for more out of their video experience, whether they are time-shifting, streaming content via the Internet to their TVs, or social networking while watching their favorite shows. Making available a multi-screen experience is at the core of this strategy for 2011. For the vast majority of our customers, home is still where the heart of their TV experience is, and we are going to make that viewing experience even richer in 2011. We took a big step forward last year with the launch of our Whole-Home DVR service. It has been getting fabulous reviews from our customers who love being able to watch recordings of their favorite shows in any room of the house; and

· Strengthen our core business · D  eliver the best anytime, anywhere experience--
both inside and outside the home

· B  uild new revenue platforms to drive
our average revenue per customer

· Enhance our productivity to manage our costs

we will be rolling out the next generation of that product, our Home Media Center, late this year, along with greater time-shifting capabilities and storage capacity. The Home Media Center will take the connected home to another level. Longer term, we are looking at a wireless connection between the HD DVR and the television that will be a big plus for customers and reduce installation time for our home service technicians.

And finally, we will continue our leadership in HD, adding to the more than 160 channels we have today and will continue to beef up our 3D platform. Like HD in its infancy, consumer adoption of this nascent technology will develop over time, and when it does, we will be there. We set the bar last year with our 3D broadcasts of the 2010 MLB All-Star Game, the 2010 U.S. Open Tennis Championship, and several major motion pictures in 3D, and we will continue to produce content for our own "n3D Powered by Panasonic" channel with more to come this year.

connected customers have more fun
With DVRs now a mainstream technology--some 40 percent of U.S. homes have at least one--it makes sense to go all in with this technology to maintain our competitive advantage. As part of that strategy, we want every new HD DVR to be connected to the internet. This is a clear, strategic imperative and we expect to connect at least 40 percent of our customers' HD DVRs to the Internet by the end of 2013. And why wouldn't any customer want to hook up their box? With a broadband connection, customers have a vast library of titles at their fingertips. Today, our customers have access to more than 400 of the most popular movies, many of them available 28 days before Netflix--add to that over 6,000 movies and shows on demand--all with DIRECTV CINEMA. Connected customers can also enjoy a panorama of popular apps, like the five-day weather forecast, a live Earthcam, Facebook, and sports apps like My NBA Team, where customers track their favorite team, as well as an enhanced ScoreGuide. We have also developed unique apps to support our exclusive and original programming on The 101. Fans of "Damages" and "The Dan Patrick Show" can follow fan posts in real time and see information about the show, its characters and the actors who play them.

watching tv anywhere
This is all great news for the vast majority of our customers who are still watching TV the "old fashioned" way--at home on their 60-inch LCD flat screen--but more and more viewers are also looking for that "anytime, anywhere" experience outside the home. We have been offering our NFL SUNDAY TICKET product for the past few seasons for laptops and mobile phones users, but last year we introduced our enhanced, rebranded NFL SUNDAY TICKET To-Go service. It was available for the first time on the iPad and we had a tremendous response from users who loved the experience. With the proliferation of tablets and smart phones, we see a terrific opportunity to provide services to customers who want to consume more video on portable devices as a complement to the traditional TV viewing experience. We believe we are going to see tremendous benefits from our "anytime, anywhere" initiatives in the form of more satisfied, loyal customers, and that's great, but our strategic rethink also told us that we have a wealth of untapped opportunities to create new revenue sources.

hd, 3d and social tv
And with a nod to our younger demographic, we are making more "nontraditional content" options available, like free YouTube videos streamed directly to the customer's TV, streaming movies trailers, and social networking apps like Facebook and Twitter. Our new "Social TV" app lets you see what your friends are watching so you can directly tune to that show or rate the show you are watching via a Twitter feed without ever having to go online. To showcase all this great content, we are launching a new graphically rich user interface that will support our multi-screen social and interactive applications for a really fantastic experience.

closing the revenue gap
First of all, we need to close the revenue gap between DIRECTV and our competitors in pay per view and VOD. We did a fantastic job of that in 2010, growing pay per view movie revenue by 20 percent. We are going to do an even better job in 2011 with a sharper focus on marketing our VOD offerings that includes the addition earlier this year of NBC on Demand, a significant addition to our VOD lineup. Viewers no longer have to go to the Internet to find favorite shows like "Law & Order," "30 Rock" or "The Biggest Loser." And it's free. Another area where we can close the gap on cable is local advertising. We will do this by launching a new technology to provide addressable, zone-targeted ad inserts in up to 50 cities on 50 channels over the

next two years. We believe we can generate up to $400 million in new revenue with this initiative, over time. Finally, we are committed to increasing our share of the commercial market with some great new products and services for hotels, restaurants and other businesses. We made excellent progress in 2010, growing this segment by nearly 20 percent, and we will continue to build on this momentum in 2011.

managing our costs with greater productivity & efficiency
Our fourth strategic pillar really goes to the heart of our bottom line; and that is managing the spiraling cost of our programming content and increasing the productivity of our service technicians and call centers. The rising cost of content has become an industry-wide challenge, and while we have had a great track record in negotiating fair contracts with our programming partners over the years with few channel disruptions, we are not immune to these pressures. Given that reality, we are going to strategically manage cost growth by continuing to use our considerable scale to leverage fair deals at the negotiating table. We will also be looking at how we can adjust our packaging to reflect cost increases and potentially remove or reposition lesser-viewed channels. Despite our best efforts to keep these costs down, price increases for our customers continue to be inevitable and necessary. We need to do a better job of explaining to our customers why we need to make these adjustments and how they will benefit in the long term. Increased productivity across the enterprise is high on the agenda this year as we take significant steps to improve the efficiency of our technicians in the field with handheld technology like GPS units, and our call centers will see a marked improvement in productivity and service with a new knowledge management system. Underlying all of this, we will continue the DIRECTV tradition of tough-minded, financial discipline in managing all of our costs.

We increased our subscriber base over 25 percent in 2010, with gross additions of more than 2.3 million customers, up nearly 50 percent over 2009. And by keeping churn in check, we achieved a remarkable 76 percent increase in consolidated net additions of more than 1.2 million subscribers, bringing our base at year end to 5.8 million customers. Add Sky Mexico and we had nearly 8.9 million customers throughout the entire region. Our revenue growth was equally impressive, increasing 25 percent to nearly $3.6 billion. All of these numbers beat our plan for 2010 by a substantial margin. And the best is yet to come.

exciting opportunities for growth
Looking at the demographic/economic trends and the low pay-TV penetration, there is an exciting opportunity ahead for further growth in the region. The continent's economy continues to grow with more disposable income per household, while consumers in Latin America are trending younger than just about any other region in the world.

With the fantastic success we have had in the U.S., our business in Latin America is a diamond in the rough with revenue and subscriber growth that is the envy of our competitors.
For example, in two of the largest countries in which we operate, Brazil and Mexico, about 70 percent of the population is under the age of 40. All of this translates to a rapidly growing middle class, which is the demographic sweet spot of any pay-TV service. Those consumers are in a better position to buy, and with our continent-wide footprint, we are in a better position to sell. With the demographics in our favor--a trend that is expected to continue for the next decade and beyond--and pay-TV penetration at a low 25 percent across the region, we believe the market can double over the next five years. That's about 30 million more customers that we believe will add pay-TV service--a huge target market to which we can apply our phenomenal service and marketing capabilities.

our strategic direction in latin america
With the fantastic success we have had in the U.S., our business in Latin America is a diamond in the rough, with revenue and subscriber growth that is the envy of our competitors. Business in this region really took off in 2009 and it went into overdrive in 2010, proving that this market is not speculative--but one with the potential to add significant value to our company.

We understand how to do business in Latin America and know how to do it profitably. We have kept an eye on churn, maintained our economics and achieved an impressive subscriber and revenue annual growth rate of approximately 25 percent in 2010.

sustaining our momentum
After such a great run of growth in subscribers, revenue and return on invested capital, it's fair to ask: Can we sustain it? The answer is yes, for the following reasons:

Latin America is fertile ground for continuing growth and profitability. We have the tools to win in the market with the best products, a broad range of offers that can serve all segments of the market, and of course the leading brand. And supporting all of this is a world-class customer service organization and a team of experienced, talented executives, who know how to take advantage of this large and growing opportunity.

commitment to success
In thinking about the future of our business, I can say with complete conviction, after spending the better part of a year looking at our company inside out, from top to bottom, listening and learning, we have a clear strategy, a strong vision and a set of achievable goals to win in the marketplace. And I know my executive team feels the same way. We believe we can reach the 30 million mark in combined customers, excluding Mexico, over the next three years and generate revenue in the range of $30 billion. Over that same period of time, our earnings should grow to over $5 per share in part as we expect to buy back more than a third of our shares. In short, we have set the stage for a bright future and industry-leading returns on our invested capital. And that future is in the collective hands of all of us at DIRECTV. From day one I have been enormously impressed with the quality of our employees, the passion they have for their jobs and their commitment to our success as a company. It is critical that we maintain this level of quality in our people, so I made it one of my top priorities when I joined DIRECTV to focus on developing the tremendous talent we have and a dedication to teamwork. This is very important to me personally and I believe it is absolutely essential to our success as an organization. To lead this effort, we brought in a world-class head of human resources, Joe Bosch. With his depth of experience in talent development and driving organizational performance, he brings a fresh perspective to the task at hand-- ensuring that we are developing the next generation of talent. He ran our first leadership program last October and we are looking forward to more of the same this year. I would also like to applaud our board of directors whose leadership and good counsel were invaluable to me as I learned the ropes of this highly complex business. I especially want to thank five of our former directors, who left the board last year: our former chairman, Dr. John Malone; Paul Gould; Greg Maffei; Chase Carey and Haim Saban. They played an important role in the success of our company and helped us stay the course during a time of transition.

· W  e have the advantage of scale as the region's largest pay-TV ·
operator and are able to pursue new growth opportunities from a position of strength. O  ur market share gains have produced one-third of our revenue growth--the result of better execution and better products and branding, all things at which we will continue to excel, with the rest of it coming from overall market growth. S  atellite technology in Latin America is even more of an advantage than it is in the United States. Our competition is much less formidable there and our satellites cover the entire region with a low cost-per-home-passed and uniform technology that affords us the ability--like the U.S.--to upgrade our entire customer base at once. And the continental footprint allows us to negotiate with program suppliers on a region-wide basis, as opposed to a country-by-country basis, enabling us to take full advantage of our scale and obtain volume discounts that we believe many of our competitors cannot match.

·

one integrated company
I want to emphasize again, scale plays an important role for DIRECTV. It is critical for DIRECTV U.S. and DIRECTV Latin America to operate as one integrated company. From our technology and costs to market, to our programming, there are tangible synergies that are paying off both for our competitiveness and bottom line. While we share many of the products and services that make DIRECTV the best video experience in the world, we are also constantly learning from each other, like sharing segmentation marketing strategies or best practices. For example, by leveraging set-top box technology developed for the U.S., we can introduce products and services to Latin America with greater speed, at lower cost and with better quality than any of our competitors.

We welcomed a new board member, Samuel DiPiazza, in June of last year, and were also pleased to have added Lorrie Norrington, who became a DIRECTV board member earlier this year. I look forward to working with both Sam and Lorrie and the rest of board in the years ahead. Finally, I will say again that I am extremely proud of everyone on the DIRECTV team. That we were able to meet the considerable challenges of the past year and achieve our goals is a great testament to our ability to adapt and execute. And it also underscores the strength of our offer in the marketplace with innovative marketing, superior products and services like the industry's most advanced HD DVRs, our Whole-Home DVR service, more movie choices on DIRECTV CINEMA, NFL SUNDAY TICKET games our customers can watch anywhere, and the best HD and 3D choices anywhere.

I am confident our company will continue to grow and deliver outstanding returns for our shareholders. We have a collective passion for performance and excellence that is grounded in the values of leadership, innovation, decisiveness, agility, teamwork and integrity.
I am confident our company will continue to grow and deliver outstanding returns for our shareholders. We have a collective passion for performance and excellence that is grounded in the values of leadership, innovation, decisiveness, agility, teamwork and integrity. There is no doubt in my mind that together we will continue to build a world-class enterprise that will endure for our 50,000 employees and contractors around the world, our business partners, our shareholders, and the more than 28 million DIRECTV customers who enjoy the world's best--and getting better--video experience.

Michael D. White
President and Chief Executive Officer

