A Message to Shareholders

2006 was an important year for The DIRECTV Group. We completed critical initiatives and made operational improvements that will drive DIRECTV to the next level as the unrivaled leader in television in the United States. We also made important structural and operational improvements in Latin America to position those businesses for success.
Content, technology and service are the pillars around which we've built the DIRECTV U.S. business and last year we made major strides in each. In the content arena, we introduced a compelling array of original and high definition, or HD, programming and interactive features, and we'll debut even more content this year particularly in the sports, gaming and music genres. On the technology front, we launched three new set-top receivers that will serve as our foundation for future growth. We also made significant progress in building out our HD infrastructure. And in the service area, we made improvements over the past year, yet we're still not where we need to be relative to the level of excellence in customer service that we demand for our customers. Our accomplishments led to a strong year both from an operational and financial perspective in 2006 ­ and we were rewarded with a 77 percent increase in our stock price. DIRECTV U.S. attained a total of 820,000 net new subscribers, due in part to a reduction in churn, or the percentage of customers who disconnected their service each month, from 1.70 percent to 1.60 percent. While we're encouraged that we brought churn down from the prior year, we fell short of our goal and we remain highly focused on further reductions in churn. We also stabilized our cost to acquire new subscribers, commonly known as SAC, at $641 per subscriber despite adding nearly twice as many HD and DVR (digital video recorder) customers compared to the prior year. Reflecting our unparalleled programming, DIRECTV U.S. average monthly subscriber revenue, or ARPU, increased 6 percent in 2006 to $73.74. The strong subscriber growth combined with one of the highest ARPUs in the industry, drove revenue growth of 13 percent to $13.7 billion. More importantly, cash flow before interest and taxes grew 83 percent to more than $1.4 billion reflecting the tremendous potential of our U.S. business. We also implemented and completed a $3 billion stock repurchase program, and recently announced a new $1 billion repurchase program. The latter part of 2006 also brought an agreement between News Corp. and Liberty Media Corp. to transfer News Corp.'s approximate 38 percent interest in DIRECTV to Liberty. We accomplished a great deal with News Corp. and we look forward to continued success with Liberty as our largest shareholder. Following the anticipated close of the transaction in the second half of 2007, we expect to continue our strategy of focusing on higher quality subscribers that drive profitable growth and maximize DIRECTV's value. With our foundation firmly in place, 2007 will be a year of execution at DIRECTV as we work toward considerable improvements in our operating performance. Our top three priorities are to:  Significantly improve the DIRECTV experience throughout the customer lifecycle  Introduce compelling and distinctive products and services to increase our video leadership, and  Build on our momentum to continue improving our operational and financial results.

ANNUAL REPORT 5

Building on last year's operating performance, DIRECTV is well positioned to continue driving strong financial results. Key to our plan is continued solid subscriber growth while maintaining a focus on higher quality customers that optimize ARPU, margin and churn.

Providing the Gold Standard in the Customer Experience Our plans call for improving the customer experience at every stage of the customer lifecycle. It was certainly an honor to receive the highest score for customer satisfaction among satellite and cable companies from the American Customer Satisfaction Index in 2006. However, we still have much work to do in order to achieve the excellence our customers deserve. Starting with our very first contact with the customer, we've implemented several new initiatives to increase customer satisfaction. New customers receive a welcome call shortly after DIRECTV lights up their television screen for the first time, longer term customers are rewarded and retained with loyalty programs, and all customers can now tune into a new, interactive customer service channel on DIRECTV with on-demand answers to frequently asked questions. In addition, our new customer relationship management system provides us with additional tools to improve customer service and profitability.
6 DIRECTV

Another important strategy to assure the highest level of customer service is to increase control over the entire customer experience. We have already increased the number of in-home visits by our Home Service Providers to approximately 90 percent of all work orders, up from 57 percent just three years ago. In the last year, we also opened our fourth call center in Missoula, Montana, to strengthen our ability to provide technical support to customers that have new products and advanced television services. As a result, we have increased the staffing of our owned-and-operated call centers to over 4,000 agents, more than three times as many as we employed in 2003. Introducing Compelling Products and Services Delivering the best television experience is the key to our success. The recent launch of three new set-top receivers ­ a DVR, an HD receiver and an HD DVR ­ provides DIRECTV with a solid technology platform to build upon. Perhaps our most important initiative in 2007 is to leapfrog the

competition and become the undisputed leader in the rapidly growing market for HD television. We will accomplish this by launching two additional satellites over the next year. With the launch of DIRECTV 10 in the middle of 2007, we expect to have the most comprehensive HD programming in the country with up to 100 channels by year end. And with the launch of the second satellite, DIRECTV 11, we'll expand to 150 national and 1,500 local HD channels. This will be a source of significant advantage to us, considering that the number of homes with HD televisions is expected to double from 2006 to 2007, and double again by 2010. The marriage of HD and sports fits perfectly with our brand and goal to extend DIRECTV's video leadership. We will also build upon the exciting programming introduced last year such as the NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM enhancements, YES Interactive and the U.S. Open. For example, in early 2007 we redefined the NASCAR viewing experience when we launched NASCAR HotPassTM which features five individual driver channels offering multiple camera angles, real-time car telemetry, in-car audio communications and a dedicated announcer team for each driver. This spring, baseball enthusiasts will enjoy an unprecedented experience with satellite exclusive access to Major League Baseball games with the MLB EXTRA INNINGSSM package. DIRECTV will significantly expand the package to include first-ever features such as a game mosaic channel, a Strike Zone ChannelTM and interactive services providing real-time scores and statistics. And for the growing group of gamers across the country, the Championship Gaming SeriesTM is a new international video gaming league that transforms exciting game action into compelling television. Finally, Game LoungeTM is DIRECTV's new and exclusive gaming channel with a platform of games intended to bring family game night back to households across the country by putting our customers in the center of the action. As part of our content differentiation strategy, we also broadcast a variety of unique programming on our own channel for original content, branded as "The 101". The array of programming on this channel

includes the MySpace experience coming to life on Project MyWorldTM, video bloggers from the web on The FizzTM, and exclusive concerts such as the South By Southwest music festival featuring two dozen of the hottest bands and up-and-coming artists. DIRECTV will also debut several innovative services in 2007. In the middle of this year, we will launch DIRECTV On DemandTM, an easy-to-use video on demand service that combines the best of both satellite and Internet technologies. Customers who have our DIRECTV Plus® HD receiver will be able to access 1,000 titles and growing, through a broadband connection. Customers with this receiver will also be able to access pictures, music and home videos on their TVs directly from Intel® ViivTM technology-based PCs in their home. This spring, we will launch DIRECTV® Sat-Go, the world's first fully integrated, portable satellite TV system intended for a variety of indoor and outdoor uses, including tailgating parties, camping trips and emergency response. Building on Momentum; Delivering Strong Financial Results Building on last year's operating performance, DIRECTV is well positioned to continue driving strong financial results. Key to our plan is continued solid subscriber growth while maintaining a focus on higher quality customers that optimize ARPU, margin and churn. To this end, strengthening all of our sales channels and increasing sales of HD and DVR services will be paramount. For example, last year a revamped directv.com website and improved local marketing tactics yielded record results for our direct sales channel, increasing to 34 percent of our total gross additions compared to 25 percent the prior year. We look to continue enhancing this channel because it plays an integral part in our goal to improve the quality of the customer experience while also controlling costs. With the implementation of our technology roadmap and HD expansion, sales of HD and DVR services also figure prominently in our plans. We ended 2006 with 30 percent of our customers having HD and/or DVR services, and we're targeting to grow this share to 50 percent or more by the end of 2008. The importance of these advanced services
ANNUAL REPORT 7

is best exemplified by the following statistics: customers who have HD and/or DVR services currently generate almost 50 percent greater ARPU and churn at roughly half the rate of those who do not have these services. By combining these strong top-line trends with our commitment to increase margins through disciplined cost management, DIRECTV U.S. expects to continue generating strong profitability and cash flow growth in the future. Achieving the Potential of DIRECTV Latin America With just 20 million pay TV households in Latin America out of 100 million total households, this untapped market represents significant opportunity for our DIRECTV Latin American businesses. Following the completion of the Sky Brazil acquisition in 2006, we've now completed the consolidation of all our satellite businesses in the region. And with the purchase earlier this year of the remaining 14 percent interest in DIRECTV Latin America, we now own 74 percent of SKY Brazil, 41 percent of SKY Mexico and 100 percent of PanAmericana, which covers most of the remaining countries in the region. DIRECTV Latin America and its partners reach more than 4 million customers throughout Latin America, with 1.3 million at SKY Brazil, 1.4 million at PanAmericana and 1.4 million at SKY Mexico. Importantly, these businesses reap significant benefits from being part of DIRECTV. As examples, less expensive set-top boxes are now available by piggybacking on the U.S. efforts, and DVRs were introduced far ahead of the competition in Latin America. DIRECTV Latin America continues to show the promise we envisioned when we restructured the businesses, and it is poised to generate positive free cash flow in 2007 and significant growth thereafter. On the Horizon It's clear that we are facing an increasingly intense and complex competitive environment that includes cable, telephone and Internet businesses. This heightened competition not only raises the bar for us, but also creates significant opportunities. While our competitors focus on a multitude of services,
8 DIRECTV

our highest priority is to provide the best television experience, which continues to define our success. The bundle of video, voice, data and wireless offered by some of our competitors is clearly a challenge, but research shows that the main reason consumers purchase a bundle is to save money. Therefore, as long as customers have broadband choices and there are new entrants who provide options, we believe we will continue to compete effectively against the bundle. While we continue to explore the many emerging broadband opportunities, our primary focus will be to utilize our assets ­ including our strong brand, more than 16 million subscribers and a national service infrastructure ­ to help bring these new broadband technologies to market in a timely and efficient manner. We would like to take this opportunity to thank Rupert Murdoch and News Corp. for the tremendous support and insights provided over the past several years. We look forward to beginning a new chapter with Liberty, complete with the strong leadership and expertise that John Malone and his team will bring to our company. We have a seasoned Board of Directors to help guide our efforts, a strong management team to steer DIRECTV toward excellence and a committed group of employees to execute efficiently on our goals. DIRECTV has the right assets, the right people and the right products in place. With the successful execution of our priorities, DIRECTV is poised to continue delivering substantial value to shareholders, customers and employees.

Chase Carey
President and Chief Executive Officer The DIRECTV Group, Inc.

