chairman's letter annual report 2011

Our industry-leading growth in the Americas underscores the continued strong consumer demand for our products and services despite a tough economic year globally and in the U.S.
I'm pleased to report that DIRECTV had a terrific year. Our financial results in 2011 met or exceeded both internal and external expectations. We gained market share in both the U.S. and Latin America, and we launched a number of new strategic initiatives that will keep us on track to deliver profitable growth and solid shareholder returns in the years ahead. Our industry-leading growth in the Americas underscores the continued strong consumer demand for our products and services despite a tough economic year globally and in the U.S., as well as a hyper-competitive environment and the expansion of new Internet-based entertainment services. We continued to break records last year with the largest annual net customer gain in our history, acquiring nearly 3.7 million customers in the U.S. and Latin America and furthering our position as the world's largest pay-TV provider. We capped 2011 with nearly 32 million customers across the Americas and more than $27 billion in consolidated revenue. In addition, earnings per share grew by more than 50 percent, driven by higher operating profit and our share repurchase program. Outstanding results across both platforms were reflected in a 7 percent gain in our stock price for the year, outpacing both the Dow and the S&P. Thanks to our brand leadership, unique products and services, and our TM we grew market share in most regions in exclusive NFL SUNDAY TICKET, the country, finishing the year with close to 19.9 million customers. In 2012, we are closing in on yet another major milestone as we expect to surpass 20 million customers. Our fourth quarter was one of the busiest in our history as we began rolling out a number of new products and services that will further transform the DIRECTV entertainment experience for our customers, including the launch of "Nomad," which allows consumers to take their favorite shows with them wherever they go; live in-home streaming to the iPad; and our new HD User Interface, which makes programming search and discovery the fastest and easiest in the industry. I'm extremely proud of what we accomplished in 2011 given the tough economic and competitive climate. We are successfully executing the strategies we outlined over a year ago and have strong momentum going into 2012.

Keeping Our Core U.S. Business Healthy in a Climate of Change In the U.S. our core business is healthy and growing. However, it's no secret the pay-TV business is rapidly maturing. Aggravated by a slowly recovering economy and a still-crippled housing market, the opportunities for profitable growth are fewer than in years past. Competition has intensified, costconscious consumers are looking for more value and programmers are demanding ever-higher rates for their content. And consumer behavior is also shifting. The new digital revolution has spawned a growing class of consumers

Battling Headwinds in the U.S. In the U.S., we set an annual record by attracting 4.3 million new customers, increasing revenues by 8 percent, while operating profits for the year grew 13 percent to $3.7 billion.

for whom the living room TV set may not be the center of their TV experience. They're using an array of digital devices to view content ­ much of it free ­ no matter where they are. We view these changing conditions not as impediments to our business, but as opportunities to further distinguish ourselves in the marketplace and deliver on our growth and return targets in the years ahead. With these challenging headwinds, we're adjusting our tack and have established three priorities for our U.S. business in 2012:

· Effectively manage our core business by rebalancing growth and
retention with an emphasis on better cost management.

Though shifting the balance between acquisition and retention will improve our bottom line, high programming costs still remain one of our most challenging issues. We will continue to tenaciously pursue greater package flexibility, ensure we are treated fairly relative to our competitors, and secure digital rights for future streaming services as we negotiate deals. All of these changes will bring more value to our customers who want that anywhere/anytime experience. We are also increasing our focus on disciplined cost management across the enterprise, flattening our general and administrative expenses and driving productivity improvements in subscriber services, acquisition costs and broadcast operations.

· Continue to deliver on the strategies we outlined in our annual report
last year, including delivering the best anywhere/anytime experience and generating new sources of revenue.

Reinventing the TV Experience: Anywhere/Anytime; Better Bundles; New Revenue We have made considerable progress implementing the strategies we laid out in my letter to you last year. In particular, we are focusing on four areas in 2012: providing customers with the best anywhere/anytime, multiple-screen experience; connecting customer boxes to the Internet; closing the revenue gap; and transforming the customer experience. Before we "reinvent TV" and inject that "wow!" factor into the experience, it is essential that we do a better job of understanding one size doesn't fit all. Our customers have different tastes, wants and levels of income. Therefore, our first order of business is to make sure we tailor that entertainment experience to better fit each customer's needs.

· Further transform the overall experience for customers to keep
them passionately loyal for life.

Rebalancing Profitable Growth and Retention While Managing costs We've always excelled at delivering on our financial and operating plans and we are committed to doing that again in 2012. Our focus on attracting the best, highest-quality customers and matching them with our world-class entertainment and service experience will help us achieve solid profitable growth. But in an environment of high single-digit content cost increases, we need to rethink the balance between what we spend on acquiring those new customers and what we need to do to keep our current customers passionate about their DIRECTV. That's not to say acquisition will take a back seat. We're still planning to grow market share in 2012. But it makes sense, given the maturation of the market, to demonstrate our appreciation for existing customers' loyalty by investing more in them. Over time we believe this modest shift will lead to higher returns and better results. To subtly shift the balance between the top and bottom line, we've launched new initiatives this year to better match the right offer with the right customer ­ a combined advanced services offer for those who love technology and a lower-priced Entertainment package for cost-conscious, value-oriented customers. These initiatives will reduce our costs and allow us to profitably deliver a great experience for the customer.

We've introduced an array of great products and services that will thrill and delight our customers in 2012 and beyond.
In addition to the simplified offer and new Entertainment package, we've introduced an array of great products and services that will thrill and delight our customers in 2012 and beyond. We also put a new face on the DIRECTV entertainment experience late last year with our graphically rich HD on-screen programming guide. And it's far more than just a face lift.

The guide is faster, has improved navigation and delivers a visual browsing experience with icons and posters along with a great "You Might Like" feature for recommended viewing. Our Nomad product allows customers to transfer DVR-recorded content to any portable device. We also will be expanding our TV Everywhere service as a major priority this year, providing online and mobile access to an array of pay-per-view and premium network content on a variety of devices from the PC to the iPad to the iPhone and Android. At the same time, we're accelerating the pace of connecting customers' advanced receivers to the Internet so they may enjoy more DIRECTV CINEMA titles and a wide variety of popular apps, including the DIRECTV iPad App, Facebook, YouTube videos, social TV apps and Pandora internet radio. We're continuing to deliver the most advanced technology, picture and sound with a new line of next generation advanced receivers that form the hub of our Home Media Center, heightening the connected home experience and eventually eliminating the need for receivers in other rooms of the house. We continue to be excited about the growth potential of our alliances with AT&T, CenturyLink and Verizon. We're making progress on better integrating their services with ours and expect to jump-start sales of bundled services later this year. In 2012, we also are planning to improve the seamlessness of our video/Internet bundles as well as substantially increase the number of fiber and DSL options for our customers. We continue to think outside the box to further strengthen these strategic relationships.

As the residential market matures, we are intensifying our focus on three key areas that will produce incremental revenues: our commercial sales, local advertising and DIRECTV CINEMA. We've made good progress growing our commercial business last year and we'll continue to aggressively drive sales in this category in 2012 with new products like our DIRECTV Residential Experience for Hotels and the DIRECTV Message Board, which overlays advertising on live TV in retailers' showrooms. We have aggressive plans in place to increase our DIRECTV CINEMA VOD movie sales by double digits. We also expect to see double-digit revenue growth in ad sales as we focus on our new addressable, and locally targeted advertising initiatives.

Rethink, Refocus, Respond: Transforming the Customer Experience There is nothing more important to our future than putting our 32 million customers at the forefront of everything we do by delighting them with the world's best entertainment and service experience. If we are to stand out from our competitors and respond to the changing needs of the marketplace, we must rethink and refocus our effort to transform the customer experience. We're currently taking a fresh look at all the ways we can enhance the overall experience for our existing customers to earn their long-term loyalty. In one of our first initiatives, we'll take the service experience to another level by ensuring we delight each and every new customer during that critical first 90 days of their life cycle. We want the installation experience to be nothing short of flawless. We will spend 2012 developing a number of other initiatives to improve our service at every level and look forward to sharing them with you in the future.

There is nothing more important to our future than putting our 32 million customers at the forefront of everything we do by delighting them with the world's best entertainment and service experience.

Breathtaking Growth in Latin America In 2011, our Latin America business continued its breathtaking growth. Macroeconomic and demographic trends continued to line up strongly in our favor and demand remained vibrant for our products and services, driving another year of record-setting growth across the region. We continued to gain market share in almost every country across the region. We ended the year with nearly 12 million customers, including 4 million in Mexico, following a string of record quarters. Our net gain of 2 million customers was a 69 percent increase over 2010, driven by a record level of gross additions of 3.5 million customers.

Consolidated revenues were up 42 percent to $5.1 billion for the full year, driven primarily by subscriber growth, price increases, growing demand for our advanced services and favorable exchange rates, primarily in Brazil. Post-paid churn remained low throughout the year, while our operating profits rose by 47 percent to $916 million. In Mexico, despite the 10 percent decline of the Mexican peso, we saw solid year-over-year gains in both revenue and profit. Mexico remains a significant contributor to the success of the DIRECTV Latin America business, though we don't consolidate Sky Mexico in our results.

Opportunities for Growth in 2012 and beyond Given everything we now know about the Latin American market ­ the surging growth of the young, middle-class consumer, low pay-TV penetration and economies that are expanding ­ we continue to be bullish about our growth potential in Latin America. But we aren't about to take anything for granted. We continue to have distinct advantages with our continental footprint, a premium brand and broad range of unique products and services, which we will aggressively leverage to gain market share throughout the region in 2012. In particular, while continuing to expect growth in Venezuela and Argentina, we've become more optimistic about our prospects in Colombia. With economic conditions improving and the government clamping down on disreputable operators, we are looking to establish Colombia as the third major territory in the PanAmericana platform by substantially increasing our customer base there in 2012.

Our Latin America business continued its breathtaking growth-- demand remained vibrant for our products and services, driving another year of record-setting growth across the region.
In Latin America, we continued to benefit from the growing population of young consumers ­ some 70 percent of the population is under the age of 40 ­ entering their high earning years and living in growing economies not heavily tied to the mature U.S. or European markets. Pay-TV is the ultimate middle-class product and we remain well positioned to meet their entertainment needs. We also began to see a more balanced growth pattern as these young pay-TV households expand across the region in Mexico and PanAmericana. For example, Argentina reported a significant increase in new customers in 2011 and churn in Venezuela and Brazil remains below what we had expected. Brazil and its thriving middle market once again led the region with Argentina and Venezuela contributing significantly to the top line, driving record gains and exceeding our expectations. We're particularly pleased with the increasing take rates of advanced products. In Brazil, for example, advanced product sales increased more than 70 percent compared to last year due to our attractive HD promotional offers. We now have more than 800,000 HD customers in Brazil.

Keeping the Middle Market in Mind and Selling More Advanced Products In 2012, we will continue to target the middle market consumer with attractive, value-oriented offers, such as our SKY Fit product in Brazil. The pre-paid product remains an attractive business for us and has been an important driver of growth in PanAmericana. With that in mind, we are relaunching our pre-paid service this year in key markets to take advantage of the strong demand from consumers who are interested in entry-level packages. We also plan to expand our leadership in higher income households in 2012 by selling more advanced products to new and existing customers. In fact, in Brazil last year, nearly two thirds of our new HD customers were the result of upgrades.

Progress on Infrastructure and Strategic Initiatives In 2011, we made headway on several important strategic projects that will support our growth in Latin America in the years ahead. We solidified our plans for the launch of two satellites in 2014 and 2015 that will significantly expand our video capacity for PanAmericana, enabling us to deliver more HD programming. We're also in the process of expanding our California Broadcast Center in Long Beach, Calif., a necessary step to support additional channel capacity across the region. We are also working on other strategic initiatives to support our business, such as the expansion of wireless broadband and over-the-top video services.

Broadband is at a fairly nascent stage in Latin America, leaving us plenty of opportunity to compete. We believe that with a reliable product, at the right price, we can develop a profitable business selling wireless broadband to the home primarily as part of a bundle for customers who take our video package. The wireless broadband project we initiated in Mendoza, Argentina in 2010 is showing excellent results and gave us the confidence to move forward with a similar service in Brazil. The SKY Brasil launch of 4G wireless broadband service in Brasilia late last year will open up more opportunities for growth in Brazil and across the region. 4G technology is not widely available in Latin America. It's fast, reliable and capable of carrying large amounts of data including video. We believe it will provide us with a decisive competitive edge especially in areas that lack a developed, fixed infrastructure, which is true of much of Latin America. By bundling the fastest wireless broadband service and the best video product, we'll have a compelling offer that will boost revenues and reduce churn. Broadband service will be a priority for us in 2012 as we look to expand our spectrum footprint in Brazil and other countries. Additionally, there are both opportunities to provide our own broadband service or work with other providers to offer bundled services as we do in Argentina and Colombia.

they've laid out so we may offer more HD channels and add other services. As the region grows in sophistication and income level, we'll introduce more advanced products like those in the U.S., including multi-room viewing, Nomad, our iPad app and DIRECTV Everywhere. I'm extremely proud of what we've accomplished in Latin America and enthusiastic about our terrific growth opportunities ahead. We will certainly face some challenges in 2012 from exchange rate headwinds and rising inflation in some markets. But we are confident we can continue to aggressively grow our revenues and profits again in 2012. With our scale, strong economies in the region, favorable demographics, world-class products and superior service, we are in a great position to maintain our leadership as the premier video provider in the region and the largest pay-TV service in the world. Most importantly, I'm confident about our prospects in Latin America because of our talented team of seasoned business leaders. They have the passion, knowledge, skill and judgment to capture the opportunities and execute on our plans for profitable growth in this still largely untapped region.

Our Commitment to Sustainability and Responsibility At DIRECTV we believe that in today's world every business has a responsibility to the community it serves and must do its part to ensure our planet is healthy for future generations. And today's consumers and employees will make brand choices on this approach. We made significant progress on both of those fronts in 2011. Last year, we recommitted to delivering on our promise to the community with a strengthened focus on K­12 education. Using our entertainment resources, we created original content for the classroom with special presentations of a Black History Month celebration featuring Archbishop Desmond Tutu and jazz legend Herbie Hancock and produced the original documentary More Than A Dream, which chronicles the Civil Rights Movement and the creation of the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Memorial in Washington, D.C. Beyond education, we engaged our employees and partners in volunteer service projects to build a nearly 10,000-square-foot playground in New Orleans and are planning a similar project in 2012. We also brought a piece of our Latin America community engagement strategy to the U.S. with our employees volunteering to renovate the East Los Angeles Women's Center as part of our "Piedra Papel Tijera" (Rock Paper Scissors) initiative. Over the past few years

At DIRECTV we believe that in today's world every business has a responsibility to the community it serves and must do its part to ensure our planet is healthy for future generations.
This year we also plan to launch SKY Online, an over-the-top service, enabling SKY customers to stream or download a wide variety of movies and other programming. We tested it successfully last year and will launch it nationally in Brazil in early 2012. On the technology front, our Latin America team will continue to work closely with our product development team in the U.S. following the roadmap

we completed more than 28 other similar volunteer projects in nine countries across Latin America. DIRECTV has been the most active pay-TV service in seeking innovative business solutions that are sustainable. Last year DIRECTV formalized our focus with a sustainability team working under the name "Televisionary" to ensure we are supporting sustainable business practices company-wide. We've moved to lighter carbon footprints by dispatching a fleet of alternativefuel propane service vans; won our third straight ENERGY STAR award for "Excellence in Energy Efficiency Product Design" for set-top boxes that use less energy; instituted a program to ensure proper recycling and disposal of old set-top boxes; switched to recycled paper for newspaper inserts and went paper-free with online equipment manuals.

encouraged us to do what we think is right for the future of our company and make the bold decisions needed to adapt to this fast changing industry of ours. In 2011, we were pleased to welcome new board members Dr. Dixon Doll (a leading venture capitalist and telecommunications expert), David Dillon (chairman and CEO of Kroger Supermarkets) and Lorrie Norrington (who held various senior positions at eBay). All three individuals bring an extraordinary level of business expertise and sound judgment to our board and we look forward to working with them to grow our company.

Delivering That Transformative, Delightful Experience The changes we intend to make to transform the customer experience will not happen overnight. It is a journey, a path we must travel to ensure the future success of DIRECTV and set ourselves apart in this incredibly competitive business. But we know the way. It has always been our belief that TV could be better; that it could actually serve the viewer's desire for more choice, convenience, quality and control; our original marketing mantra that still holds true today. We can go forward on this journey with the confidence that more than 32 million customers on two continents are walking with us, and also share our belief that you "don't just watch TV." We have a responsibility to do our very best for them. We need to continue to prove we're worthy of their business and trust by working together to transform their experience in unique and profound ways. If we can do that, if we can "wow" them every time they pick up the remote, call our service agents or have a technician visit their home, we will have passionately loyal customers for life. And loyal customers are the foundation for continued excellent returns for our shareholders. We thank you for your support, your trust and your belief in our vision that we can continue to make DIRECTV the best video provider in the world.

If we can "wow" them every time they pick up the remote, call our service agents or have a technician visit their home, we will have passionately loyal customers for life.
A Pivotal Year for Our Enterprise We have set ambitious goals for ourselves both for the short and longer term. We are excited that 2012 will be another year of growth for DIRECTV as we further transform the customer entertainment and service experience. I have no doubt we can accomplish great things with the team we have in place. I've spoken before about my passion for developing the talent we have among our employees and encouraging them to work in a collaborative and respectful way with one another. To that end, we have intensified our leadership development programs to ensure our people have the skills and the commitment to foster a culture of greater collaboration, trust and respect. Talent, passion and creativity are the hallmarks of our organization. I have the privilege of working with an outstanding board of directors and I thank them for their continued support and counsel. They have

Michael D. White
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

