A Message to Shareholders

In our first full year since News Corporation's purchase of a 34 percent interest in The DIRECTV Group, we accomplished a great deal and, as a result, we are now well-positioned to achieve our vision of making DIRECTV the best television experience in the world.
Rupert Murdoch Chairman of the Board The DIRECTV Group, Inc.

Our main priority in 2004 was to repair the structural, operational and competitive weaknesses that had accumulated during a prolonged sale process of the company that had lasted more than three years. We rebuilt the business by installing a new executive management team, restructuring the corporate staff and developing a new culture with an entrepreneurial emphasis on leadership, decisiveness and agility. We also restructured the company to focus on satellite television. As part of this process, we changed the company's name from Hughes Electronics to The DIRECTV Group, and we generated more than $3 billion in cash by selling non-core businesses and investments, such as PanAmSat Corporation and the set-top box manufacturing operations of Hughes Network Systems.

Chase Carey President and CEO The DIRECTV Group, Inc.

In addition, we resolved key structural issues, such as our fragmented rural distribution network. With the acquisition of NRTC subscribers including certain assets of Pegasus Satellite Television, we gained direct access to all rural U.S. markets and created a true national footprint for the first time in our history. In Latin America, we announced plans to merge the DIRECTV and Sky Latin America platforms, putting us on track to create an extremely successful and profitable business in that region. Although we viewed 2004 as a transitional year, DIRECTV U.S. achieved record-breaking gross subscriber additions of 4.2 million as well as net subscriber additions of 1.7 million. Demonstrating the continued strong demand for DIRECTV, we added more new customers than any other pay TV service in the United States and now serve more than 14 million households.

Much of this growth was attributable to strengthening our operations. For example, we more than doubled our local channel markets from 64 to 130 and now offer local channels to 92 percent of U.S. television households. This increased coverage represents an additional 23 million homes that can now receive local channels. We also significantly improved our international programming lineup. We achieved record customer growth for DIRECTV PARA TODOS®, our Spanish-language platform, by offering new and exclusive channels as well as better packaging options. We also launched our WorldDirectTM international channel platform with several programming packages in five different languages -- Hindi, Vietnamese, Chinese, Tamil and Italian -- with plans to add many more. In addition, we furthered our relationships with regional bell operating companies, including Verizon and BellSouth. With a bundled service offering that includes DIRECTV® programming, these telco partners made meaningful contributions to our subscriber growth in 2004. And along with the addition of Qwest and Cincinnati Bell this year, we expect to see even greater contributions in 2005. While we're an industry leader in customer service, we still have much room for improvement. As one way of improving the customer experience, we opened two new owned and operated customer call centers -- one in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and one in Huntsville, Alabama. In addition, we've enhanced the installation process by driving greater use of DIRECTV's operated installation network. Collectively, our 2004 achievements set the stage for long-term success. That said, we're still in the very early phases of building this business. It should come as no surprise that our near-term focus will continue to be on strengthening our content, technology and service, the key drivers of the DIRECTV experience. In terms of content, our initial enhancements were introduced early this year, when we launched what we call the DIRECTV Mix Channels, which offer up to six live channels of a single genre on one screen. Currently we have Mix Channels for sports, news and kids programming. We also launched DIRECTV ActiveTM, a portal that allows customers with interactive-enabled receivers to customize their television experience. Features include daily and extended local weather forecasts, lottery results, television viewing recommendations and special DIRECTV

network promotions. And over time, we'll continue to add new services and features to meet customers' needs. Later this year, we'll launch a new interactive DIRECTV® DVR. With greatly increased capacity, this DVR will offer a video-on-demand service with features including one-touch recording, playlists, auto record and onscreen caller ID, to name just a few. As a result of an important contract extension signed last year, our popular NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM package is exclusive for DIRECTV customers through 2010. The NFL SUNDAY TICKETTM is an important part of DIRECTV's leadership in television and we expect to further build on this leadership by introducing enhanced features such as interactive statistics, game tracking, fantasy football and a Red Zone channel that will display all the games where a team is about to score on one screen. We also have plans for a massive expansion of high-definition programming. Beginning this year, we will launch two satellites that will deliver HD local channels to over half of the U.S. television households. In the 2007 timeframe, we will launch another two satellites that will provide us with the capacity to deliver HD service to every home in America. Perhaps the most exciting development will be the year-end launch of the DIRECTV Home Media Center to provide whole-house connectivity with all multimedia systems, along with mobility for devices outside the home. Content in a variety of forms -- digitally recorded video, photos and music -- will be accessible from every networked TV in the house. Through a broadband connection, the DIRECTV Home Media Center will support personal computer connectivity, scheduling of DVR recordings from the Internet, photos from wireless phones, video-on-demand and many other features. Transcending this great technology and content is our brand and its association with television leadership. Our strategy is designed to build on our brand equity, inspiring brand loyalty among our customers. We strive to build lifelong relationships with our customers as we make superior customer service a hallmark of DIRECTV. With the successful execution of our strategy, we expect strong subscriber growth to continue and position us to ultimately become a 20-million subscriber business. Our approach to growth will be disciplined, with a sharp focus on managing costs and cashflow.

We're moving forward with vigor and a heavy research and development effort as we confront an increasingly competitive landscape where the cable industry fights to retain its falling market share and telephone companies strive to enter the video marketplace. We're diligently monitoring this ever-changing marketplace so that we can quickly capitalize on the latest technology and wireless options to constantly improve the DIRECTV® service. As we navigate through this evolving marketplace, our strong management team will strive to successfully execute our strategy and our Board of Directors will provide valuable guidance. We're still at the beginning stages of building an exceptional digital television business, and our accomplishments during these early years indicate the way DIRECTV hopes to ultimately change the media landscape. In the decades since television first debuted, the advent of direct broadcast satellite and the multichannel universe have fundamentally changed the way people access entertainment and information. The future we envision presents a great challenge to touch the lives of our customers in a way that no other pay television service can rival.

Rupert Murdoch Chairman of the Board The DIRECTV Group, Inc.

Chase Carey President and CEO The DIRECTV Group, Inc.

