present. creating the future. the power to DO bo h. managing the present. creating the future. th he power to DO both. managing the present. crea

a message

from our CEO

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS: Progress Energy lived up to its commitments in 2009 despite the hard economic realities in our nation and region. We delivered reliable, responsive service to customers and solid results to shareholders. Now, we are focused on effectively managing through the challenges and uncertainties of 2010 while taking important steps to create a successful future for our communities and company.

O both. managing the present. creating the futur re. the power to DO both. managing the present. creating the future. the power to DO both. manag ging the present. creating the future. the powe r to DO both. managing the present. creating th e future. the power to DO both. managing the pr resent. creating the future. the power to DO bo oth. managing the present. creating the future. the power to DO both. managing the present. cr reating the future. the power to DO both. manag ging the present. creating the future. the powe

This report to you in early spring 2010 comes as our nation is slowly climbing out of a deep economic recession. Most of us, no doubt, have gained a new understanding of volatility and financial risk since late 2008, whether as an investor, a business owner or an individual trying to make a living. I am proud of the way our employees and management team are handling these turbulent times. We are being both steady in the present storm and forward looking ­ controlling what we can control, aggressively managing costs and preparing for the future. We always keep in mind that millions of people count on us for an essential service or a quarterly dividend (in many cases, both), and for being a responsible corporate citizen.

Throughout this period, our two electric utilities ­ Progress Energy Carolinas and Progress Energy Florida ­ have continued to excel in our core mission of serving customers. This winter we met the challenge of extreme cold and record-breaking peak demand in the Carolinas and Florida and mobilized effectively to deal with severe storms, creatively using Twitter and other social media to provide timely updates. We also brought into service additional peaking-generation capacity in North Carolina and completed a major oil-to-gas repowering project in Florida. This Bartow modernization project last summer was an outstanding success in terms of project management, capacity expansion and emissions reduction. Our company recently received positive external recognition for environmental stewardship and customer service. Progress Energy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the fifth consecutive year, and Progress Energy Carolinas was ranked number one in customer satisfaction in the South region for the second year in a row ­ number one among large utilities nationally ­ in the latest J.D. Power and Associates survey of utilities' business customers.

Delivering reliable results
Progress Energy posted good financial results in a challenging year. We delivered a 10 percent total return to shareholders in 2009 and achieved ongoing earnings per share in our original targeted range for the fourth year in a row. Our company also has maintained its long record of commitment to the dividend, paying a dividend for more than 250 consecutive quarters.

1

oth. managing the present. creating the future. the power to DO both. managing the present. cre ating the future. the power to DO both. managi ng the present. creating the future. the power t to DO both. managing the present. creating the f future. the power to DO both. managing the pre sent. creating the future. the power to DO both h. managing the present. creating the future. th e power to DO both. managing the present. crea ating the future. the power to DO both. managi

Managing the present
The financial pressure on our company has gone up another notch or two in 2010 because of a disappointing Florida rate decision early in the year and a still-sluggish economy throughout the nation. These events inevitably affect our earnings and cash flow and have caught the attention of the credit-rating agencies. In response, we are redoubling our belt-tightening this year: maintaining the dividend, streamlining maintenance, scaling back capital spending and reducing merit and variableperformance pay increases for employees (in fact, no merit pay increase for executives and managers in 2010). This is a shared-sacrifice approach that's neither desirable nor sustainable for long but is necessary for now. We are also evaluating our regulatory and financial options in Florida and are continuing to do our part to foster a constructive Florida regulatory climate that will enable us to attract the capital required to meet our customer and environmental obligations. Also of note in Florida is the extended repair outage at our Crystal River Nuclear Plant, which we expect to complete midyear.

We are managing these and other challenges in a disciplined way to avoid compromising safety or operational excellence. In this business, we can't afford to be reckless or short-sighted.

Creating the future
At Progress Energy, we believe strongly in the long-term growth prospects of the communities we serve in the Carolinas and Florida. An improving national economy and housing market will enable more people to move to our service areas and more businesses to invest and expand here. So, even as we are making the tough choices to manage today's realities, we are carefully laying the groundwork for the higher growth and better future we see coming. We intend to remain attractive to the buy-and-hold investors who represent the core of our shareholder base. This investor confidence is essential for us to fund the projects needed to be ready for a growing population and expanding economy as well as to meet the requirements of new energy and environmental policies. National and state energy policies remain in flux, especially the rules to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and address global climate change. This prolonged uncertainty greatly

2

e. the power to DO both. managing the present. c eating the future. the power to DO both. managi ing the present. creating the future. the power to DO both. managing the present. creating the future. the power to DO both. managing the pre esent. creating the future. the power to DO both h. managing the present. creating the future. th he power to DO both. managing the present. crea ating the future. the power to DO both. managi ing the present. creating the future. the power

complicates utility planning, but there is a clear sense that clean-energy technologies ranging from renewable to nuclear must be a growing part of our nation's energy future. Aligned with this direction, we developed a Balanced Solution strategy several years ago. It is a flexible portfolio approach that covers a broad spectrum of initiatives: aggressive energy-efficiency programs, innovative alternative

energy projects (e.g., solar rooftop program, biofuels and utility-scale solar) and rapidly emerging technologies (e.g., plug-in electric vehicles), and larger-scale investments in a state-of-the-art power system. These larger investments include the Smart Grid and fossil-fuel fleet modernization in the near-to-mid term and new advanced nuclear generation in the longer term.

Financial highlights
Years ended December 31
(in millions except per share data)

2009

2008

2007

Financial Data
Operating revenues Net income attributable to controlling interests Income from continuing operations Ongoing earnings per common share* Reported GAAP earnings per common share Average common shares outstanding $9,885  757 840 3.03 2.71 279 8.13 $33.53 $41.01 $9,167 830 778 2.96 3.17 262 9.59 $32.97  $39.85 $9,153 504 702 2.71 1.96 257 5.97 $32.41 $48.43
3

Common Stock Data
Return on average common stock equity (percent) Book value per common share Market value per common share (closing)

*See page 128 for a reconciliation of ongoing earnings per share to reported GAAP earnings per share.

eating the future. the power to DO both. manag ng the present. creating the future. the power to DO both. managing the present. creating the future. the power to DO both. managing the pre esent. creating the future. the power to DO bot h. managing the present. creating the future. th he power to DO both. managing the present. cre eating the future. the power to DO both. manag

A specific example of our strategy is the fleet-modernization announcement we made late last year to retire our 11 oldest coal-fired generating units in the Carolinas ­ about a third of our coal fleet there. We will replace that nearly 1,500 megawatts of capacity with highly efficient combined-cycle natural-gas turbines and possibly biomass conversion. This has many benefits: a substantial reduction in air emissions (including those linked to climate change), less exposure to issues with coal-ash management, and a positive boost to both local economic development and utility earnings. We believe this is a positive, responsible step no matter what happens with future climate policy. Complementing our Balanced Solution approach is our Continuous Business Excellence strategy for making internal efficiency and productivity improvements. Unlike short-term belt-tightening, this is a systematic, long-term effort to engage employees in achieving sustainable cost savings and other improvements. We're seeing encouraging early success and expect much more in the years ahead.

In assessing the overall situation Progress Energy faces, I am confident we will meet our short-term priorities while also producing long-term value for our customers and shareholders. In other words, we will manage the present and create the future.

Integrity, transparency and trust
In closing, I want to assure you that acting with integrity remains a core value of this company ­ behavior that includes not only being honest and ethical in our business practices but also being open in our communications and reliable in doing what we say we will do. We are committed to earning your confidence and trust year after year, in good times and bad ­ both by what we do and how we do it. Thank you for your interest in Progress Energy.

William D. Johnson Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2010

4

