CHAIRMAN'S LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS

James E. Rogers Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Stakeholders: The cover of this year's annual report shows the pinnacle of the Duke Energy Center, our new corporate headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina. It is a visible reminder of the stability of our company and our optimism for the future. As the largest building in the nation to achieve Platinum LEED certification for meeting stringent environmental and energy efficiency targets, it's a fitting home for a company committed to sustainability. The Duke Energy Center is 85 percent more water efficient and 21 percent more energy efficient than standard office buildings. It has a rooftop garden to reduce heating and cooling loads, and was built with organic materials to create a healthier interior environment. When I enter the building each morning, I'm reminded of our commitments to our communities and our sustainability goals. From this vantage point, literally and figuratively, we clearly see our challenges and we are well positioned to meet them.
DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

1

Chairman's Letter to Stakeholders

2011 was a remarkable year in many ways. The achievements of the women and men of Duke Energy speak volumes about our culture of safety, customer and community service and excellent operational performance. First, we achieved constructive regulatory outcomes. In the Carolinas, we reached settlements to adjust customer rates in order to recover expenses and capital investments in our modernization program. State utility regulators approved these settlements in early 2012, and the revised rates are now in effect. In Ohio, we gained approval of our Electric Security Plan (ESP). The new ESP gives us longerterm clarity and the strategic flexibility we need to operate

Total Shareholder Return

(for periods ending December 31, 2011)

ONE YEAR
DuKE Energy Corporation PhilaDelphia Utility Index

30.3
Three YEARs

%

19.3% 2.1%

S&P 500 Index

DuKE Energy Corporation

74.1
FIVE yEARs

PhilaDelphia Utility Index

% %

38.7%

S&P 500 Index

48.6%

DuKE Energy Corporation

48.7
2

PhilaDelphia Utility Index

in the state's market-based system at a time of historically low energy and capacity prices. Second, Duke Energy's generating fleet operated exceptionally well throughout the year. Based on early reports, our nuclear fleet had the nation's lowest total operating cost per kilowatt-hour (kWh) in 2011, and our Catawba Nuclear Station was the nation's most cost efficient plant. In addition, our nuclear fleet recorded a 92.95 percent capacity factor1, above 90 percent for the 12th consecutive year. Our regulated fossil fleet achieved commercial availability2 of 87.8 percent in 2011, consistent with excellent past performance. For the third consecutive year, our Midwest gas-fired fleet achieved record generation levels and our U.S. commercial fleet exceeded its operational targets. Simply put, these numbers mean that our generation assets were available when we needed them most -- and they reflect the discipline and diligence of our generation teams. Third, for the sixth consecutive year, we improved on an important safety metric, Total Incident Case Rate 3, which was 4 percent lower than in 2010. This performance reflects the success of our "safety-first" culture and the programs we have in place to reward employees for behaviors that save money and lives. In my letter last year, I discussed our determination to eliminate contractor fatalities. We succeeded in 2011, ending the year with no employee or contractor work-related fatalities. Our focus on safety will continue to be a top priority. Fourth, our strong financial positioning is reflected in our stock price, which performed exceptionally well in 2011. Total shareholder return of 30.3 percent included dividends of 99 cents per share. We significantly outperformed the Philadelphia Utility Index (UTY), which returned 19.3 percent, and the S&P 500, which returned 2.1 percent. In fact, Duke Energy's cumulative three-year returns of 74.1 percent and five-year returns of 48.7 percent have outperformed the UTY's respective returns of 38.7 percent and 20.1 percent.
1 The ratio of the average operating load of an electric power generating unit for a period of time to the capacity rating of the unit during that period. 2 Commercial availability is the ratio of the margin (in dollars) available from operating a unit, compared with the margin if the unit is operated at rated capacity. 3 Number of recordable incidents per 100 workers (based on OSHA criteria).

20.1% -1.2%

S&P 500 Index

Duke Energy CORPORATION 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

" 2011 was a remarkable year in many ways. The achievements of the women and men of Duke Energy speak volumes about our culture of safety, customer and community service and excellent operational performance."

Merger positioning
Our plans to close our announced merger with Progress Energy at year-end were delayed in December. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) turned down our proposed plan to mitigate the market power of the merged company in the Carolinas. On February 22, 2012, we filed a summary of our revised mitigation plan with the North Carolina Utilities Commission (NCUC), and we expect to submit that revised plan to FERC by the end of March. We believe the revised plan responds to the concerns of FERC by providing for permanent transmission upgrades and interim firm sales of capacity and energy. The NCUC is reviewing the mitigation plan in advance of our filing with FERC. Throughout the merger process, our objective has been to strike the right balance between benefits to customers and shareholders. Over the coming months, both Duke Energy and Progress Energy will be working closely with the North Carolina Public Staff and the Office of Regulatory Staff in South Carolina to achieve that balance. Final agreement on the proposed mitigation efforts will depend on the successful resolution of appropriate state ratemaking treatment associated with measures in the revised mitigation plan and other merger-related issues. The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), the Kentucky Public Service Commission and the shareholders of both companies have already approved the merger. The closing date will depend on the successful completion of the regulatory approval process.

Positioned financially
During 2011, we stayed focused on earnings and dividend growth, and maintaining the strength of our balance sheet and credit ratings. Although we did not experience the weather extremes that boosted sales and earnings in 2010, we still ended 2011 with adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $1.46. This exceeded both our original adjusted diluted EPS guidance range of $1.35 to $1.40 for the year and our increased range of $1.40 to $1.45, and our 2010 results of $1.43 -- growing adjusted diluted EPS for the third consecutive year. In 2011, we increased our quarterly cash dividend to shareholders from 24.5 to 25 cents per share. Our dividend yield at year-end was 4.5 percent, and our payout ratio (based on 2011 adjusted diluted EPS of $1.46) was approximately 68 percent (within the 65 to 70 percent target range set by our board of directors). 2011 was the 85th consecutive year Duke Energy has paid a quarterly dividend on its common stock. We also continued to take advantage of historically low interest rates to issue new debt and refinance maturing debt, in order to finance our modernization investments. Over the past three years, we have issued $7.65 billion of fixed-rate debt in the U.S. at a weightedaverage interest rate of approximately 4.3 percent and weighted-average maturity of 13 years. (This excludes tax-exempt financings and international/project financings.) We expect to issue approximately $2.2 billion of debt in 2012. The current low-interest-rate environment helps us mitigate rate increases needed to recover our costs to 3

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

Executive Leadership Team
From left to right: Jennifer L. Weber Group Executive, Human Resources and Corporate Relations Marc E. Manly Group Executive, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Dhiaa M. Jamil Group Executive, Chief Generation Officer and Chief Nuclear Officer James E. Rogers Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer B. Keith Trent Group Executive and President Commercial Businesses Lynn J. Good Group Executive and Chief Financial Officer

4

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS

modernize our power plants and reduce our environmental impacts. Our strong S&P and Moody's investment-grade credit ratings remained stable throughout 2011. At yearend, our total available liquidity, which was supported by a new five-year, $4 billion credit facility, was approximately $4.5 billion, compared to $3.4 billion at the end of 2010.

Positioned for sustainability
The strength of our 2011 financial performance in a continuing weak economy underscores the hard work and dedication of our employees. They remained focused on our goals: to safely deliver affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy, to provide exceptional customer service, and to generate solid returns for our investors. The women and men of Duke Energy position us to do business profitably, in a way that is good for people and the planet. This corporate commitment was recognized in 2011, when Duke Energy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the second year in a row. We were one of only 13 utilities selected out of 102 candidates in our sector worldwide. We also ranked on the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the sixth consecutive year. You can read about our sustainability initiatives in our 2011|2012 Sustainability Report, which will be available in April at www.duke-energy.com. We have also made good progress on meeting our energy efficiency goals. Throughout the nation, consumers are using electricity more wisely in their homes and businesses, due to more efficient appliances and a greater focus on energy conservation. Our own customers have benefited from incentives that encourage them to use less electricity. These programs, and associated advanced metering, have also helped us improve system reliability.

construct, and require enormous amounts of capital. In fact, electric utilities are among the nation's most capital-intensive industries, with one of the longest investment cycles. We recover those investments through customer rates over the operating lives of the plants, which span many decades. It is important to put these rate increases in context. The decisions we make today to modernize our power system must stand the test of time, and last several generations. Thanks in part to the investments we made in low-cost nuclear and coal-fired power plants decades ago, Duke Energy offers some of the most competitive electricity rates in the U.S. It's also worth noting that the real cost of electricity, averaged and adjusted for inflation, actually declined over the past 50 years. Not many industries can point to price declines and operating efficiencies over such an extended period. By the end of 2012, however, we expect regulatory approval of rate increases in four of our five jurisdictions -- to recover our modernization investments. Our objective is to continue to keep our customer rates as low as possible as we build a cleaner, more efficient power system to support economic growth in our service territories. Carolinas In January 2012, both the North Carolina Utilities Commission and the Public Service Commission of South Carolina gave final approval to raise rates for a typical residential customer by approximately 7.2 percent and 6.0 percent, respectively. We know this is a difficult time for our customers to absorb rate increases. But our company has made significant investments to modernize our power system since we last requested rate increases in 2009. Recovery of those investments keeps our balance sheet strong and allows us to access low-cost debt for future projects, which ultimately means savings for customers. As we complete our current construction program, we expect to file for additional rate increases in both North Carolina and South Carolina later this year, primarily related to our investments in the new Cliffside and Dan River plants. We would expect these new rates to go into effect in 2013.

Positioned for regulatory success
Building advanced power plants -- and improving the environmental performance of existing plants -- doesn't come cheaply. Power plants take years to permit and

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

5

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS

Indiana Cost pressures have challenged our Edwardsport IGCC project in Indiana during construction. A proposal pending with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission would cap our recoverable construction costs at $2.72 billion, excluding financing costs. This is more than the $2.35 billion previously approved, but less than our current project estimate of $2.98 billion (also excluding financing costs). Though interveners to the cost increase proceedings have alleged the company concealed information and mismanaged the project, we presented a strong case on the company's behalf at extensive hearings before the Indiana commission that concluded in January, including extensive testimony from independent experts. We believe the costs of the Edwardsport project were reasonable, prudent and necessary. We do not expect a commission decision before the end of the third quarter of this year. Ohio We have spent the last year seeking longer-term clarity on the regulatory mechanisms for generation in Ohio. The returns from our Ohio retail electric business have declined over the past several years, as customers switched to other generation suppliers with lower market-based prices. On November 22, 2011, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO) approved a new ESP for Duke Energy Ohio. This ESP, which extends through May 2015, balances the needs of customers and investors, while also recognizing Ohio's preference for competitive markets. It ensures that our customers will be better able to take advantage of today's low market rates, and it also gives the company strategic flexibility. Key terms of the ESP include a three-year non-bypassable stability charge totaling $330 million that will be collected through 2014, market-based customer rates established through competitive auctions, and the ability to transfer Duke Energy Ohio generating assets to a non-regulated affiliate or subsidiary no later than the end of 2014.

The first wholesale generation auction under the new ESP resulted in a 17.5 percent lower rate for a typical Duke Energy Ohio customer. Additionally, on January 1, 2012, we completed the move of the Duke Energy Ohio and Duke Energy Kentucky transmission systems from the Midwest Independent System Operator (MISO) to the PJM Interconnection regional transmission organization, connecting us with new market opportunities.

Positioned for commercial success
In 2011, our domestic and international commercial businesses contributed $984 million, or approximately 27 percent of our total adjusted segment EBIT, due in large part to exceptional earnings from our international business. In 2012, we expect our Commercial Power and International businesses will deliver approximately 25 percent of our adjusted segment net income. In October I visited our Duke Energy International operations in Peru and Brazil. I can confirm that the people and assets there are every bit as impressive as their 2011 earnings results. It was clear to me that our corporate culture of safety, customer service and operational excellence translates seamlessly across our company's international operations. We have invested more than $2.5 billion in our commercial renewable energy business since 2007. This will be a record year for wind energy development at Duke Energy, as we are on schedule to complete a total of five large-scale wind farms located in Kansas, Pennsylvania and Texas. By the end of 2012, Duke Energy Renewables will own and operate more than 1,800 MW of wind and solar power, virtually all of which is underpinned by longterm power purchase agreements with other utilities. In 2011, we advanced our commercial transmission business through formation of a joint venture with American Transmission Company to develop critically needed long-distance transmission projects across North America. Pioneer Transmission, a Duke and AEP joint venture, aims to build and operate 240 miles

6

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

ENVIRONMENTAL LEADERSHIP

EMISSION RATES AND GENERATION
Duke Energy's $7 billion modernization program to build four new power plants totaling 2,700 megawatts will be completed by the end of 2012. The company may also retire 3,800 megawatts of older coal plants by 2015. These projects will significantly reduce Duke Energy's emissions over the next six years.

DOMESTIC COAL GENERATION PROFILE
Duke Energy will generate less electricity from coal after the power plant modernization and coal plant retirement program is completed in 2015. Every remaining Duke Energy coal plant will also have scrubbers to reduce sulfur dioxide and mercury, and three quarters of the coal fleet will also have Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) equipment to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions.

Projected U.S. Emission Rates and Generation*
lbs. 3.5 3.0
Generation, GWh

GWh 180,000 175,000 170,000 165,000 160,000 155,000 150,000 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 145,000

Today 16.2 GW

Post Modernization** 14.6 GW

2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5 0

19% 23% 58%

26% 74%

Scrubbed and SCR Scrubbed, No SCR Potential Retirements
 * U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, based on regulatory filings. ** Modernization activities include both the addition of modern control technologies and the retirement of less-efficient units.

Sulfur dioxide (SO2), lbs./MWh Carbon dioxide (CO2), lbs./kWh Nitrogen oxides (NOX), lbs./MWh Mercury (Hg), lbs./(GWh x 100)

of extra-high-voltage 765-kilovolt lines and related infrastructure in Indiana. In late 2011, the Pioneer partners announced plans to begin engineering, permitting and siting work on the first 66-mile stretch of the new transmission line. MISO designated this initial phase of work one of 17 "Multi-Value Projects" that will boost grid reliability, relieve congestion and help integrate electricity from new renewable power plants.

Positioned for environmental leadership
In addition to the 770 MW of new commercial wind projects, we will also complete our $7 billion, 2,700 MW regulated generation fleet modernization program in 2012. This program advances our goals to more efficiently

operate our regulated fleet, diversify fuel supply risk and meet increasingly stringent environmental regulations. Our plans for compliance with existing environmental permit commitments and new Environmental Protection Agency regulations currently assume potential retirements of up to 3,800 MW of coal generation by 2015, about 20 percent of our current coal fleet, and new emission controls on our remaining coal units. Two of the new power plants in our modernization program are coal-fired, and two are fueled by natural gas. A 620-MW combined-cycle natural gas plant at our Buck Steam Station in North Carolina came on line at the end of 2011. The 825-MW Cliffside advanced coal-fired plant and the 620-MW Dan River combined-cycle natural gas plant, also in North Carolina, are on schedule to be in service this year.

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

7

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS

The 618-MW integrated gasification combined-cycle (IGCC) Edwardsport project in Indiana is also nearing completion. This plant will be one of the cleanest, most efficient coal-fired plants in the world. We are proud that during the construction of these plants, nearly 6,500 construction jobs were created.

Positioned for future generation
Duke Energy prudently maintains a fuel-diverse portfolio of electric generating plants. Our fleet is 40.7 percent coal-fired, 12.9 percent nuclear, 28.1 percent oil and gas-fired, 15.5 percent hydro, and 2.7 percent wind and solar. More than 25 percent of this portfolio produces carbon-free electricity. Nuclear and coal-based generation sources comprise approximately 88 percent of our 2011 U.S. generation as measured in megawatt-hours (MWh). Carbon-free nuclear energy continues to be a key component of our company's long-term modernization strategy. Throughout 2011, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) closely examined our entire nation's nuclear fleet, following the earthquakes and subsequent tsunami in Japan in March. The NRC's conclusions support our view that nuclear energy is vital to the world's energy future. It is the only technology available today to generate carbon-free, reliable, 24/7 baseload electricity. We made investments to digitize protection systems at our Oconee station in our continuing commitment to upgrade and maintain the safety and efficiency of our nuclear fleet. Additionally, we are looking for ways to increase our nuclear generation output. A series of nuclear uprate projects will add additional net capacity of approximately 100 megawatts when completed in 2014 -- at a cost of less than $2 million per megawatt. We are also evaluating the option to assume a 5 to 10 percent interest in the V.C. Summer Nuclear Plant in South Carolina. Firmly committed to retaining our option to build new nuclear plants, we expect to receive the operating license for our proposed Lee Nuclear Station in South Carolina in 2013. This two-reactor station could go on line as early

as 2021, but only if we get appropriate construction cost recovery assurance from regulators in North Carolina. At the same time, recent discovery of vast supplies of domestic natural gas in the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic shale formations could offer greater potential for this already lower-cost fuel, which has roughly half the carbon dioxide emissions of coal. In fact, our new Buck gas-fired, combined-cycle plant in the Carolinas is now being dispatched before our largest and most efficient coal plants -- a sign of today's historically low gas prices. Will this last? Commodity markets are cyclical, and natural gas prices have historically been highly volatile. Our existing and new natural gas plants enable us to take advantage of low natural gas prices, and our retrofitted and diverse fleet of coal, nuclear, hydroelectric, and renewable generation positions us well to minimize costs if natural gas prices increase.

Outlook for 2012 and beyond
Over the next five years, we anticipate growing our utility rate base by approximately $5 billion, or a compounded annual growth rate of around 6 percent, as we continue our modernization and environmental retrofit programs. We expect these investments to yield competitive returns for our investors. Expected growth in international markets and U.S. renewable energy will further increase our diversified earnings base. We also expect future growth from our wholesale origination business, where we offer competitive power supply options to a strong base of customers. Our wholesale agreements involve creditworthy counterparties, stable returns and formula rates that true up annually, eliminating regulatory lag. We have recently extended several full-requirements contracts and have attracted new customers as well. For example, we have partnered with South Carolina's largest electric cooperative to provide power under a long-term contract beginning in 2013. Our 2012 outlook assumes slow economic recovery, completion of our fleet modernization projects, and subsequent recovery of those investments in customer rates. We are targeting adjusted diluted earnings per share

8

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

" Over the next five years, we anticipate growing our utility rate base by approximately $5 billion, or a compounded annual growth rate of around 6 percent, as we continue our modernization and environmental retrofit programs. We expect these investments to yield competitive returns for our investors."

between $1.40 and $1.45 for 2012. In addition, we remain focused on the following key priorities:
 Serving

our customers and delivering strong operational performance the quarterly dividend by approximately 2 percent during 2012, subject to board of directors approval constructive regulatory outcomes in our pending merger with Progress Energy, in cost recovery for Edwardsport, and our planned rate cases in the Carolinas the remaining three major construction projects and significant wind energy investments, and to support the communities in which we work, through leadership, investment, economic development and service projects.

 Increasing

 Obtaining

 Completing

 Continuing

Our crews replaced 48 transmission towers, many in remote, hard-to-reach areas, and more than 2,000 transformers, poles and switches. As they worked to restore power, our customer service teams worked around the clock to answer phones and send emails informing customers of our progress. When Hurricane Irene hit at the end of August, Duke Energy crews headed north to help restore other utilities' systems. And these extraordinary efforts were ongoing as employees took on the extra work of planning for the integration with Progress Energy. I am thankful for the dedication of all our employees, and also for the expertise and wisdom provided by Duke Energy's leadership team and our board of directors. In 2011, we proved that even in the most extreme situations, Duke Energy is well positioned -- and determined -- to meet our challenges. Thank you for your investment and interest in Duke Energy.

In closing, I'd be remiss not to recognize the extraordinary efforts of our employees to repair our system after a number of unusually violent storms in 2011. Duke Energy Carolinas experienced 14 "major event" days, the most in 16 years. Eleven of those occurred between April and June. Our Midwest service areas experienced a total of 19 major event days. In all, 70 percent of our customers experienced some type of storm-related outage in 2011.

James E. Rogers Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2012

DUKE ENERGY CORPORATION 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

9

