"As we look at the road ahead, we see new opportunities to develop cleaner, smarter energy solutions."

Lynn J. Good / Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Stakeholders:
Since my March 2015 letter, Duke Energy has turned the corner to the future. We have resolved or made strong headway on operational challenges that held us back in 2014. We have realigned our portfolio to grow our core businesses. And we have charted The Road Ahead (outlined on inside cover), a map for long-term success that will benefit our customers and investors for the next decade and well beyond. Today, Duke Energy is aligned as an organization. We know where we want to go, and we are moving forward with confidence. The backdrop to our progress is a deep commitment to Duke Energy's purpose: powering the lives of our customers and the vitality of our communities. The service we provide is essential to our customers' lives and livelihoods. It is a high calling that demands our very best, 24/7. When we fulfill this mission reliably, efficiently and responsibly, we provide our customers with the service they deserve while earning the returns our investors expect. I encourage you to read on to learn more of what we accomplished and set in motion at Duke Energy in 2015 and early 2016. You will gain insights into the issues we're wrestling with, the way we think about the future and how we're generating what's next.

2015 ANNUAL REPORT / 1 /

Our Financial Highlightsa
2015  2014 2013

(In millions, except per share amounts and ratios)

Operating Results
Total operating revenues Net income Net income attributable to Duke Energy Corporation $23,459  $2,831  $2,816  $23,925 $1,889 $1,883 $22,756 $2,676 $2,665

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges Common Stock Data
Shares of common stock outstanding Year-end Weighted average ­ basic Weighted average ­ diluted Reported diluted earnings per share Adjusted diluted earnings per share Dividends per share 

3.2 

3.2

3.0

688  694  694  $4.05  $4.54  $3.24 

707 707 707 $2.66 $4.55 $3.15

706 706 706 $3.76 $4.36 $3.09

Balance Sheet Data
Total assets Long-term debt including capital leases, less current maturities Total Duke Energy Corporation shareholders' equity $121,156  $37,495  $39,727  $120,557 $37,061 $40,875 $114,779 $38,152 $41,330

Earnings Per Share
(in dollars) Reported Diluted Adjusted Diluted

Dividends Per Share
(in dollars)

Capital and Investment Expenditures (dollars in billions)
8.4 5.6 5.5

3.76

4.36 2.66

4.55

4.05

4.54

3.09

3.15

3.24

2013

2014

2015

2013

2014

2015

2013

2014

2015

a

Significant transactions reflected in the results above include: (i) 2014 impairment of the Disposal Group (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Acquisitions and Dispositions"); (ii) 2014 incremental tax expense resulting from the decision to repatriate cumulative historical undistributed foreign earnings (see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Income Taxes"); (iii) 2014 reserve related to the investigation of the Dan River coal ash release and other North Carolina ash basin management (see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Commitments and Contingencies"); (iv) the 2015, 2014 and 2013 costs to achieve mergers; (v) 2014 and 2013 asset impairments (see Notes 4 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, "Regulatory Matters" and "Goodwill and Intangible Assets," respectively); and 2013 asset sales.

\ 2 \ DUKE ENERGY

Growing our core businesses
Let's start with the strategic steps we've taken to realign our business portfolio to focus our capital investments and management attention on creating long-term value in our core businesses ­ regulated utilities, natural gas infrastructure and renewable energy projects. These are the fundamental building blocks of our business that we must get right in order to reach the long-term goals we have set. We are completing our multiyear transition to a higher quality, more stable business mix that started with the 2012 Duke Energy-Progress Energy merger. We expect that by the end of 2016 we will have moved Duke Energy from a company with 25 percent exposure to more volatile earnings and cash flows to a business fully focused on our domestic regulated and highly contracted businesses and the customers we serve. As part of this transition, we announced in early 2016 our intent to exit Duke Energy International, which owns mostly hydroelectric plants in Latin America. It has struggled the last two years under extreme drought in Brazil, deteriorating economic conditions and an unfavorable foreign exchange rate. Despite the outstanding efforts by our employees, the underlying strength of these assets and the great contributions over the years, the earnings are now inconsistent with Duke Energy's risk profile and strategic focus. The other important portfolio exit was our Midwest commercial generation

business. In April 2015, we successfully closed on the $2.8 billion sale of these assets to Dynegy. The cash transaction reduced our exposure to the volatile commercial power market. In July 2015, we completed our $1.2 billion purchase of the North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency's minority interest in four of our jointlyowned nuclear and coal plants in North Carolina. This supports our core business and helps the power agency's 32 cities reduce their high electric rates. It also provides long-term cost savings and fuel diversity for our retail customers. State and local officials praised the transaction for its economic lift in this region. But the most significant moves we made were to expand our natural gas platform ­ a key part of the U.S. energy future as we retire more coal plants, move toward a low-carbon future and build clean generation capacity that can operate night and day. In October 2015, we announced our plan to purchase Piedmont Natural Gas for $4.9 billion in cash. Based here in Charlotte, Piedmont is a premier local distribution company that supplies natural gas to much of the Carolinas and parts of Tennessee. It is an outstanding strategic complement to our regulated utility operations and will triple our natural gas customers to 1.5 million. We anticipate completing the transaction by the end of 2016. The Piedmont Natural Gas transaction follows our 40 percent project ownership

"We're making strategic investments in cleaner energy sources and smart options for customers."
Doug Esamann Executive Vice President and President ­ Midwest and Florida Regions*

 * The seven executives pictured in this report are members of the Senior Management Committee.

2015 ANNUAL REPORT / 3 /

A STRATEGIC FIT

Acquiring Charlotte-based Piedmont Natural Gas will support our strategic focus on natural gas infrastructure and comprehensive energy solutions for customers. The transaction, expected to close by the end of 2016, will triple our natural gas customers to 1.5 million and provide a strong foundation for growth.

" Our industry is changing. Customer expectations are changing. And that means we have to change too."
Lloyd Yates Executive Vice President ­ Market Solutions and President ­ Carolinas Region

in the 550-mile Atlantic Coast Pipeline, announced in September 2014. Construction is expected to begin in the latter half of 2016, with operation to start by late 2018. This pipeline will support our natural gas-fired power plants in eastern North Carolina. In the same strategic vein, Duke Energy announced in May 2015 that we're investing $225 million in a 7.5 percent ownership interest in the Sabal Trail interstate natural gas pipeline project that will fuel our $1.5 billion power plant in Citrus County, Florida, scheduled for 2018. Like natural gas, renewable energy is critical for our future. We had strong solar growth in 2015. Duke Energy Renewables, our commercial business unit, built eight large solar projects in North Carolina. Additionally, our regulated utility in North Carolina committed $500 million for solar expansion in the state and built four utility-scale solar projects. Our solar investments have been instrumental in making North Carolina fourth in the nation for cumulative installed solar capacity and number one in the Southeast. In 2015, Google

became the first customer in the state to announce participation in our Green Source Rider program, which gives customers the option to purchase renewable energy to offset new energy consumption. We also partnered with the U.S. Navy on solar projects in North Carolina and Indiana. Duke Energy has broken ground on three solar sites in Florida and plans up to 500 megawatts of solar in the state by 2024. Including its North Carolina investments, the commercial renewables business added 400 megawatts of wind and 200 megawatts of solar power in 2015. In all since 2007, Duke Energy has invested more than $4 billion in wind and solar projects in 12 states, and we plan to invest an estimated $3 billion more over the next five years. In 2015, we also closed on our majority interest in two California companies: REC Solar, which tailors solar solutions for businesses, and Phoenix Energy Technologies, which provides energy management for businesses. Now I'll turn to the financial results we achieved last year and the long-term value we plan to create.

\ 4 \ DUKE ENERGY

Driving predictable financial results
As a sign of confidence in the company's financial health, our Board of Directors in 2015 doubled the annual growth rate of our dividend to approximately 4 percent. We now pay more than $2.2 billion annually in dividends and have paid a quarterly dividend on our common stock for 90 consecutive years. In 2015, we delivered adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.54, a penny below our guidance range of $4.55 to $4.65 per share. For reasons cited earlier, Duke Energy International contributed only about 65 percent of the net income we originally expected. The strength in our core businesses, as well as early execution on a number of strategic initiatives, helped us offset this weakness. Our total shareholder return was negative 10.8 percent in 2015, following a very strong year in 2014 when the total return was 26.4 percent. The utility industry significantly underperformed the broad market in 2015, in part, because of the expectation of rising interest rates

and the premium valuations from the prior year's robust performance. The total shareholder return of the Philadelphia Utility Index (UTY) was negative 6.3 percent in 2015, compared with 28.9 percent in 2014. The uncertainty around our international business and the impact to our long-term growth rate impacted our overall performance in 2015 and, to a lesser extent, 2014. As noted, we have announced our intent to exit this business and will work to achieve an orderly sale of these high-quality assets. This February, we announced our 2016 adjusted diluted earnings guidance range of $4.50 to $4.70 per share. We are well-positioned to meet our long-term 4 to 6 percent annual growth objective from 2016 to 2020. This is driven by our growth capital plan to invest approximately $25 billion to $30 billion in our core businesses over the five years, by projected annual retail load growth of 0.50 percent, and by expansion of wholesale power. We also plan to hold our operating and maintenance expenses flat through 2020.

" Doubling the dividend growth rate in 2015 is another important way we're committed to meeting investors' expectations."
Steve Young Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

2015 ANNUAL REPORT / 5 /

"Safety and operational excellence underpin everything else we achieve."
Dhiaa Jamil Executive Vice President and President ­ Regulated Generation and Transmission

2XUVWURQJEDODQFHVKHHWDQGLQYHVWPHQW JUDGHFUHGLWUDWLQJVVXSSRUWDFKLHYLQJRXU ÀQDQFLDOREMHFWLYHVNHHSLQJÀQDQFLQJ FRVWVORZDQGPDLQWDLQLQJKLJKO\ FRPSHWLWLYHHQHUJ\SULFHVIRUFXVWRPHUV )LQDQFLDOGLVFLSOLQHLQDOORFDWLQJFDSLWDO DQGPDQDJLQJH[SHQVHVXQGHUSLQVRXU DELOLW\WRJHQHUDWHZKDW·VQH[WIRURXU FXVWRPHUVDQGFUHDWHVORQJWHUPYDOXH IRURXULQYHVWRUV'DLO\RSHUDWLRQDO GLVFLSOLQHLVHYHQPRUHLPSRUWDQW

HQYLURQPHQW/DVW\HDUZHFRPSOHWHG H[WHQVLYHVLWHDVVHVVPHQWVDWDOORXUDVK EDVLQVDQGGHYHORSHGDFRPSUHKHQVLYH VDIHFORVXUHSODQ:HEHJDQH[FDYDWLQJ DVKDWVL[VLWHVLQWKH&DUROLQDVDQG PRYHGQHDUO\PLOOLRQWRQV:HDOVR VXFFHVVIXOO\UHVROYHGFRDODVKOLWLJDWLRQ RQPXOWLSOHIURQWVLQFOXGLQJZLWKWKH 86'HSDUWPHQWRI-XVWLFH 2XUGLYHUVHPL[RIHOHFWULFJHQHUDWLQJ SODQWVDQGRXUSRZHUGHOLYHU\V\VWHP UHOLDEO\PHWWKHFKDOOHQJLQJGHPDQGVRI UHFRUGEUHDNLQJSHDNORDGLQ)HEUXDU\ SHDNVXPPHUORDGVLQ-XQHDQG KLVWRULFUDLQIDOOODVWIDOO,QRXU XQLWQXFOHDUÁHHWDFKLHYHGD FRPELQHGFDSDFLW\IDFWRURI SHUFHQWLWVEHVWPDUNLQPRUHWKDQD GHFDGH7KHQXFOHDUWHDP·VSHUIRUPDQFH H[WHQGHGRXUUHFRUGRISOXVSHUFHQW FDSDFLW\IDFWRUWR\HDUV7KHVHQXFOHDU VWDWLRQVJHQHUDWHGPRUHWKDQPLOOLRQ PHJDZDWWKRXUVRIFOHDQHOHFWULFLW\ ODVW\HDUVDYLQJPRUHWKDQPLOOLRQ PHWULFWRQVRIFDUERQHPLVVLRQV7KLV FRQVLVWHQWO\KLJKSHUIRUPDQFHEHQHÀWV RXUFXVWRPHUVDQGWKHHQYLURQPHQW 2XUIRVVLODQGK\GURHOHFWULFSODQWVDOVR SHUIRUPHGZHOO:HVDZFRQWLQXHG

2SHUDWLQJVDIHO\UHOLDEO\ DQGHIÀFLHQWO\
2IHYHU\WKLQJZHGLGLQ,·PPRVW SOHDVHGE\ZKDWRXUHPSOR\HHVDFKLHYHG LQVDIHW\DQGHQYLURQPHQWDOSHUIRUPDQFH IROORZLQJDFKDOOHQJLQJ:H UHGXFHG26+$UHSRUWDEOHHPSOR\HH VDIHW\LQFLGHQWVE\SHUFHQWDQGRXU WRWDOLQFLGHQWFDVHUDWHE\SHUFHQW RYHUPDNLQJ'XNH(QHUJ\DWRS VDIHW\SHUIRUPHULQWKHLQGXVWU\ :HOHDUQHGIURPWKH'DQ5LYHUDVKVSLOO RIHDUO\,QZHUHGXFHG UHSRUWDEOHHQYLURQPHQWDOHYHQWVE\ PRUHWKDQSHUFHQWDQGPDGHVWURQJ SURJUHVVLQFORVLQJFRDODVKEDVLQV LQZD\VWKDWSURWHFWSHRSOHDQGWKH

\ 6 \ DUKE ENERGY

improvement at our Edwardsport gasified-coal plant in Indiana, brought into service in 2013 as one of the world's cleanest, most efficient coalburning plants. We also invested $80 million to install new technology to monitor our power plants and provide early warning about potential operational problems. According to the Electric Power Research Institute, we lead the industry in this "Smart Generation" program that puts sensors on critical plant equipment such as boilers, turbines and transformers. Moreover, we are greatly outpacing the promised customer savings from fuel efficiencies and joint power generation in the Carolinas as a result of the July 2012 Duke Energy-Progress Energy merger. Seventy percent of the way through the first five years, we've already achieved 90 percent of the $687 million guaranteed savings. Customers expect safe, reliable, costeffective operations, and that's what we're delivering. That's not all they expect these days, which leads me to the rest of our transformation story.

Creating what's next for customers
In the fall of 2014, we initiated an in-depth examination of the key drivers of change in the regulated electric utility business. These trends include new customer expectations caused, in part, by technology; greater energy efficiency and slower growth in electricity demand; strong demand for renewable energy and natural gas; new government policies to reduce carbon dioxide emissions; and discussions to update utility regulatory models. More than 60 of our in-house experts, with outside advisers, studied the implications for Duke Energy over the next five, 10 and 15 years. This rigorous analysis led to an integrated, marketbased strategy that places customers at the center of all we do. Our senior leadership team discussed, at length, this strategic context and framework with our Board of Directors. Our vision is to lead the way to cleaner, smarter energy solutions that customers value. The Road Ahead blueprint outlines the major strategic elements: transform

" We earn trust by knowing what's right and having the courage to follow through."
Julie Janson Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

2015 ANNUAL REPORT / 7 /

the customer experience, modernize the power grid, generate cleaner energy, and engage employees and stakeholders. Our customers today expect more convenience, control and options than ever before, as well as even greater reliability and value. As a result, we developed proactive outage communications to alert customers when their power is out and to keep them informed. We also launched a program to provide energy-saving tips to customers midway through their billing cycles when their consumption is trending higher than normal. We're piloting a pay-as-you-go option and are working on other new billing options. To further improve the customer experience, we're investing in a more flexible, resilient electric grid to make power outages increasingly rare and service restoration faster. Over time, we will equip our power lines to manage the growing number of small distributed energy resources such as rooftop solar and battery storage. In one research project, we installed a microgrid, solar array and battery storage to serve a Charlotte fire station.

I'm proud that Duke Energy has become a leader in helping design the power grid of the future. In 2015, Greentech Media recognized Duke Energy for being one of the most innovative firms working to build the electric power industry's future ­ citing, for example, our work to enable the grid to exchange data with different devices from many vendors. Another integrated part of our strategy is to continue making our power generation portfolio less carbon-intensive ­ beyond the 26 percent reduction in emissions we've already achieved since 2005. We are shifting the generation mix to more natural gas and renewable energy, complementing our carbon-free nuclear fleet. We will also need greater operational flexibility in our interconnected system of plants as more solar energy comes on line and we need to quickly ramp our other production up or down depending on the available sunlight. Finally, our strategy requires us to mobilize the ideas and talents of all our employees and collaborate effectively across organizational boundaries. Externally, we will work with diverse stakeholders to update the regulatory rules, as needed,

"Technology is changing how we look at everything from power generation and delivery to the customer experience."
A.R. Mullinax Executive Vice President ­ Strategic Services

\ 8 \ DUKE ENERGY

to benefit all customers and adapt to the changes occurring in the market. I'm excited about what this new strategy will mean for our customers, investors and employees and how it will position Duke Energy for agile leadership in a world of accelerating change.

throughout our six-state service area. Our "K to Career" philanthropic initiative provides a strong focus on science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education and workforce preparedness. Also, our employees volunteered more than 21,000 hours of community service. We worked closely with many regional community groups and interested parties to secure the November 2015 federal approval of Duke Energy's license to manage the Catawba River for 40 more years. We operate 23 powerhouses and 11 reservoirs in the Carolinas along this 225-mile stretch of the river. The Catawba River basin provides enormous economic and recreational benefits for the entire region. Our communities are important to us, and when they speak, we listen. That happened with our $1 billion Western Carolinas Modernization Project announced in May 2015. Our plan to supply the region's growing power needs in a clean, efficient way included retiring a coal-fired plant, building a natural gas plant and a solar facility, and expanding our transmission capabilities.

Advancing what's next for communities
We're also helping communities build a brighter future beyond just electric power ­ from economic development to philanthropy, volunteerism and environmental sustainability. In partnership with our state and local economic development agencies, Duke Energy helped recruit more than $3.5 billion in capital investment and 12,000 jobs to our service territories in 2015. This included a diverse mix of industries, such as automotive, aerospace, food and beverage, life sciences, advanced manufacturing and data centers. In 2015, the Duke Energy Foundation donated more than $30 million in charitable gifts to communities

" To me, being an industry leader requires engaging all employees and working constructively with all stakeholders."
Melissa Anderson Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

2015 ANNUAL REPORT / 9 /

When residents raised concerns about the siting of the new transmission line, we paused, listened and took a closer look. After our engineers reconfigured the project, we gained widespread support. For the 10th consecutive year, Duke Energy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America, one of only four electric utilities in 2015. This index identifies top performers in each business sector based on environmental, economic and social criteria.

I learn from these outside-in perspectives, and welcome the opportunity to find common ground and discuss what Duke Energy is doing to shape the future and why. Likewise, I populate my calendar with diverse internal engagements to hear the views of our leadership teams and front-line employees. During these informal conversations and field visits, we discuss safety (always safety), customer expectations and operational issues. We also talk about change in our industry and our strategic response. The passion for being part of something big and important is palpable, and I'm encouraged that we're embracing our accountability for performance today and our shared vision for the future we will create. Together, we're navigating a bold journey to what's next. For all the candid feedback, innovative thinking and heroic commitment, I'm deeply grateful. I'm also thankful for the invaluable guidance and support from our actively engaged Board of Directors, and for the collaborative, forward-thinking leadership of my senior management team. They make me a better leader and our company stronger.

Navigating the road ahead together
As I reflect on Duke Energy at this juncture in our 112-year journey, I'm energized by the strategic challenge and leadership opportunity. We're serving a population of 24 million during a period of transformative change. Our 29,000 employees live at the intersection of diverse external expectations for how we operate our business today and what path and pace we chart for tomorrow. I see and engage with a wide spectrum of people with a stake in our company's success. Our industrial customers want flawless power reliability at a globally-competitive price. Low- and fixedincome customers worry about any increase in their monthly bill, while others are willing to pay more for new, innovative services, and some customers want only solar or wind energy. State and federal officials view us through their own lens, influenced by the characteristics of their jurisdiction. Civic leaders seek economic development and support for education. Finally, our shareholders seek attractive, predictable returns.

Lynn J. Good Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2016

\ 10 \ DUKE ENERGY

