        Dear Stakeholders:
I will first discuss our 2008 results and then provide a few thoughts about the future. We had a solid year in 2008. A few of the highlights were:
• Clinicaloutcomeswereonceagainamongthebestorwerethebestinvirtuallyeverycategory.We significantly advanced our clinical care initiatives,
• Once again we delivered operating profit growth(1) and our cash flows were strong,
• Althoughstillinadequate,wedidmuchbetterinreimbursementlegislationthanhadbeen expected, and
• Westrengthenedourseniorteam,includingasmoothandplannedtransitionoftheChief Operating Officer role to Dennis Kogod, and the recruiting of one of the world’s most respected nephrologists, Dr. Allen Nissenson, to be our chief medical officer.
Clinical Outcomes and Clinical Care Initiatives:
• • • •
•
DaVita and its affiliated physicians collaborated to achieve outstanding clinical outcomes in 2008 and for the 8th straight year these were the best patient outcomes in our history. In the key areas where better clinical performance has been associated with improved patient outcomes (dialysis access, nutrition, adequacy of dialysis, anemia management, bone and mineral disease), we had gratifying successes. At the end of the year:
62% of our patients had an arteriovenous fistula placed for dialysis,
84% of our patients achieved an albumin level of 3.5 or better,
94% of our patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2 or better,
79% of our patients achieved the minimum recommended hemoglobin level, and
70% of our patients achieved a calcium phosphorus product <55, the best results ever for management of metabolic bone disease.
These results compare quite favorably to those reported publicly for other providers, as do our gross and adjusted mortality rates.
We significantly advanced our work in DaVita Clinical Research and in DaVita Rx (our specialty pharmacy) in both cases paving the way to even better clinical outcomes and much higher levels of value-added to payors and the pharmaceutical industry.
Our large integrated care demonstration with the federal government continues to show immense promise for reducing total healthcare costs while improving quality. For example, over the most recently measured period we achieved 20 of 23 quality incentives and reduced catheter use by 35%.
In 2009, we will continue our Relentless Pursuit of Quality with an intense focus on further improving vascular access and survival, while continuing to improve outcomes in all important areas of patient care.

Financial:
Net income was $374 million as compared to $340 million(1) in 2007. Earnings per share were $3.53, as compared to $3.17(1) for 2007, an 11% increase(1). Our operating results for 2007 excluded after-tax gains from insurance settlements, the after-tax valuation gain on the Gambro Product Supply Agreement and after-tax gains on the sale of investment securities.
Cash flow from operations was $556 million and free cash flow was $451 million(1). These strong cash flows allowed us to repurchase 4.8 million shares of common stock for $233 million and spend $339 million for center developments and acquisitions. Our balance sheet is strong with an end of year leverage ratio of 2.88 times (debt to trailing 12 month earnings before interest and taxes)(1).
2008 was an unprecedented year in Washington with the passage of major dialysis legislation as part of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act. This legislation introduced a new payment system for dialysis services beginning in January 2011 and contained an important annual inflation adjustment for payments starting in 2012. In addition, we get 1% composite rate updates in 2009 and 2010 which unfortunately are offset by a 2% cut in our overall payment rate in 2011. We will work hard to innovate the approximately $1.0 billion dollars of additional cost that will now be in the bundle, to find ways to reduce costs while holding quality constant or improving it.
As in the past we continued to build strong relationships with key government stakeholders, including CMS and within Congress, and developed alternative reform proposals for consideration. In 2009, we will continue to improve the care we deliver to our patients while seeking to partner with the government to enhance the longevity of the Medicare Trust Fund.
Being a leader in American health care means being a responsible corporate community. Community Care, DaVita’s vision for social responsibility, is our philosophy for balancing our business responsibilities with our social, economic and environmental ones. Since we began in 1999, DaVita has had a vision for creating a true community—one that cares for our teammates as well as our patients. This investment in creating a community has inspired our teammates to realize their full potential and to deliver superior quality care to our patients.
We know that as a leader in health care we can make a lasting, positive impact on people around the world and on our environment. Our Community Care programs, including several examples below, enrich the lives of our more than 110,000 patients and 32,000 teammates and their families.
More than 1,000 people have volunteered more than 294,000 hours to be Village Greeters in DaVita dialysis centers.
25,000 letters of thanks have been presented to physicians from their patients through the Thanks, Doc! Program.
Approximately 150 DaVita teammates have volunteered to bring chronic kidney disease and dialysis care to underserved areas as part of 12 international missions led by Bridge of Life—DaVita Medical MissionsTM.
Public Policy:
Corporate Citizenship:
• • •

Growth:
• DaVita Kidney Awareness Run/Walk events have raised more than $500,000 and Tour DaVita has raised more than $1,000,000 in the last two years to promote chronic kidney disease education through The Kidney TRUSTTM.
We invite you to review our work. Our 2008 Community Care Responsibility Report will be available on DaVita.com later this quarter.
We provided 16.2 million dialysis treatments this year, a 5.9% increase from 2007. Our non-acquired growth was 4.3% year over year; however, in the fourth quarter growth slowed to 4% year over year.
In 2008 we opened 87 new centers and as of year end we had an additional 54 centers waiting for Medicare certification. Today, many dialysis facilities that are built and ready to treat patients stand unused due to CMS budgetary shortfalls and survey priorities set for states, as well as state surveyor shortages.
DaVita is working with the dialysis community and Congress to develop proactive policy options that would significantly reduce delays and review times by ensuring that state funding levels are sufficient to enable them to meet their program responsibilities.
The outcome of this process could have a significant impact on the number of facilities we are able to open in 2009 as well as weigh on our operating costs and margins.
In 2008 we advanced our objective to be the highest value provider of kidney care for patients and payors. The advancements in our Village Health and DaVita Rx businesses have allowed us to help patients live longer healthier lives and have led to reduced healthcare costs for Medicare and other payers. We hope Congress is poised to enact major legislative reform for chronic conditions and our unique capabilities will hopefully allow us to be a significant player in the collective efforts to improve care and generate savings for taxpayers.
Again this year, I would like to offer heartfelt thanks to our over 32,000 teammates. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Outlook:
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Chairman and CEO
 (1) These are non-GAAP amounts. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see our press release for the fourth quarter and year ended 2008 results, which is on our Website at www.davita.com.
