        Dear Stakeholders:
I will first discuss our 2010 results and then provide a few thoughts on the future. We had a strong year in 2010.
¥ Clinicaloutcomeswereonceagainamongthebestorwerethebestinvirtuallyeverycategory compared to national averages and we significantly advanced our clinical care initiatives,
¥ Wedeliveredstronggrowthinoperatingprofits,earningsandcashflows,
¥ WecontinuedtoleadthedialysiscommunityinworkingwithCMSandCongressontherulesforthe
bundled reimbursement that began in January 2011, and
¥ Wemadepreparationstooperateunderbundledreimbursement.
Clinical Outcomes and Clinical Care Initiatives:
DaVita and its affiliated physicians collaborated to achieve outstanding clinical outcomes in 2010. For the 10th straight year these were the best patient outcomes in our history. At the end of the year:
¥ 67% of our patients had an arteriovenous fistula placed for dialysis,
¥ 87% of our patients achieved an albumin level of 3.5 or better,
¥ 96% of our patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2 or better,
¥ 73% of our patients had a 90-day hemoglobin level between 10 and 12, ¥ 76% of our patients achieved a calcium phosphorus product <55,
¥ 91% of our patients were vaccinated for influenza, and ¥ 90% of our patients were vaccinated for pneumonia.
By the end of 2010 we reduced our patientsÕ catheter rates to 17.5% Ñ our best catheter results ever.
Our patientsÕ 2009 gross mortality rate improved for the third straight year to 16.1%, a 13% improvement from our 2005 mortality rate of 18.5%.
All these results compare quite favorably to those reported publicly for other dialysis providers. These superior clinical outcomes are important in improving the health and quality of life of our patients.
Net income was $451(1) million and earnings per share were $4.38(1), excluding after-tax debt refinancing and redemption charges, representing a 7% increase in net income and an 8% increase in earnings per share as compared to 2009. Our year-end stock price of $69.49 was an 18% increase over our closing price on December 31, 2009.
Cash flow from operations was $840 million and free cash flow was $597 million(1). These strong cash flows allowed us to repurchase 8.9 million shares of common stock for $619 million and spend $308 million for center developments and acquisitions.
In 2010 we refinanced our capital structure, raising $4.55 billion in debt at attractive rates. In fact, our senior notes were the lowest yielding bond for a
Financial:

Growth:
Public Policy:
health care company with our debt rating. After the refinancing, our balance sheet remains strong with an end of year leverage ratio of 2.72 times debt to trailing 12 month earnings before interest and taxes(1).
We provided 18 million dialysis treatments this year, a 5.6% increase from 2009. Our 2010 non-acquired growth was 4.1% year-over-year.
The implementation of a bundled Medicare payment system in January 2011 represents the biggest change to dialysis reimbursement in recent history. In 2010 we demonstrated our strong relationship in working with Congress and CMS. Our partnership, founded on high quality data and sound policy positions, has resulted in a bundled payment system that is both reasonable in the short-term and sustainable in the long-term. Especially noteworthy is after years without a guaranteed annual rate update to adjust for inflation, dialysis reimbursement will receive an annual market basket based rate increase.
The reimbursement rule CMS had in place entering 2011 represented a payment reduction significantly greater than the 2% Congress intended in its 2008 MIPPA legislation. The dialysis community has worked with CMS to ensure that the bundling rules provide adequate reimbursement for the dialysis community, and CMS has announced that they will fix reimbursement levels effective April 1, 2011, to reflect the correct number of centers who are moving into the bundle in 2011. This correction represents a restoration of more than 2% of Medicare revenue that we believe had previously been inappropriately taken away from dialysis providers.
While adapting to the new reimbursement rules creates some short term pressure, MIPPA provides for a much needed annual inflation adjustment for payments, beginning in 2012. Additionally, we will continue to work hard to innovate in the $1.1 billion dollars of cost that is moving to the bundle to find ways to reduce costs while maintaining or improving clinical quality.
As in the past, we continue to seek to build strong relationships with key government stakeholders, including CMS and within Congress, and develop alternative reform proposals for consideration. In 2011, we will continue to improve the care we deliver to our patients while seeking to partner with the government to enhance the longevity of the Medicare Trust Fund.
Being a leader in American healthcare means being a responsible corporate community. Community Care, DaVitaÕs vision for social responsibility, is our philosophy for balancing our business responsibilities with our social, economic and environmental ones. For more than a decade, DaVita has had a vision for creating a true communityÑone that cares for our teammates as well as our patients. This investment in creating a community has inspired our teammates to realize their full potential and to deliver superior quality care to our patients.
Our Community Care programs, including several examples below, enrich the lives of our more than 125,000 patients and 36,500 teammates and their families.
¥ Bridge of LifeÑDaVita Medical Missions works with DaVita teammates who volunteer to provide quality dialysis and kidney care to underserved parts of the world;
Corporate Citizenship:

Outlook:
¥ Tour DaVita and DaVita Kidney Awareness Run/Walks raise money and awareness to support the Kidney TRUST in its mission to increase kidney disease education and testing;
¥ DaVita and our teammates reach out to support underprivileged communities at home through Village Service Days and investment in our Minority Bank Initiative; and
¥ DaVitaÕs Village Green program focuses on reducing waste in our centers and corporate offices, as we strive to be strong stewards of the natural world around us.
We invite you to review our work and be inspired to help change your community. Our 2010 Community Care Responsibility Report will be available on www.DaVita.com later this year.
In 2010, we delivered strong performance to all our stakeholders.
Looking forward, we face significant challenges and opportunities.
Bundling implementation poses short-term challenges as we adapt, but it also provides a longer term incentive to innovate to reduce the cost of care while maintaining or even increasing clinical quality Ð providing value for patients, taxpayers and our stakeholders.
In the coming years, our suite of value-added businesses including DaVita Rx, Lifeline and Village Health positions us to operate in a world with increasingly integrated care. Congress and CMS have been looking to create programs to improve care for chronic conditions such as ESRD. Our developed capabilities will hopefully allow us to be a significant player in the collective efforts to improve care and generate savings for taxpayers.
In 2010 we announced our intention to expand into international markets, as we plan to be dialyzing patients outside of the US in 2011. The need for dialysis globally is growing much more rapidly than in the US, and health care systems are maturing, presenting an opportunity for scale providers to add value to the provision of dialysis care in a number of markets. This is a long- term initiative, one that will require new capabilities and will add new complexities to our business, but also one that we see as a significant value driver in the latter half of this decade.
Once again, I offer heartfelt thanks to our 36,500 teammates for your accomplishments. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Chairman and CEO
 (1) These are Non-GAAP amounts. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see our press release for the fourth Quarter and Year Ended 2010 Results, which is on our Website at www.davita.com
