        Dear Stakeholders:
I am pleased to report on 2004 and provide a few additional thoughts.
Clinical Outcomes: DaVita achieved strong performance again this year in all areas. Here are some examples in the areas of nutrition, kinetics and anemia management:
¥ 85% of our patients achieved an albumin level of 3.5,
¥ 94% of our patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2,
¥ 90% of our patients achieved the higher standard of a Kt/V of 1.3, and
¥ 86% of our patients achieved an HCT of 33 or greater.
These values remain consistently high and we know of no one in the industry with better clinical results.
Also noteworthy is our progress and leadership with improving the access placement for our patients. Fistulas have a lower rate of infection and require less frequent revision than any other type of vascular access for dialysis. The importance of this area is reflected by the fact that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) made it one of its primary areas of focus, and in fact launched a program called Fistula First. DaVita had launched its own fistula initiative well before this, and our early emphasis has paid off. We now have 42% of our patients receiving their dialysis treatments thru an arteriovenous fistula. Several CMS officials have publicly recognized DaVita for the fact that we are the outcomes leader in this area.
Our patients gross mortality rate was 17.7%. Again in this category we donÕt know of anyone better.
In short, 2004 was a superb clinical year! DaVita delivered the best care in its history.
Gambro Acquisition: In December we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Gambro Healthcare for a little over $3 billion. Upon the consummation of this
acquisition, we expect to serve over 95,000 dialysis patients with over 1,100 clinics in approximately 40 states and the District of Columbia. We believe that this will improve our competitive position in the United States and allow us to offer a better platform for our initiatives to improve care for patients and improve value to payors and taxpayers.
The stability surrounding our cash flows allowed us to feel comfortable with financing this transaction with 100% debt. We recently completed the first step in the financing process through the issuance of $500 million 65Ú8% senior notes due in 2013 and $850 million 71Ú4% senior subordinated notes due in 2015. We intend to finance the balance of the acquisition through a new credit facility. We currently intend to reduce this debt to more normal levels within a few years while continuing to invest in growth activities.
We are currently working with the government to receive Hart-Scott-Rodino clearance. The integration of the two companies will be challenging and we are prepared for the task.
Cash Flow: In 2004 we had the strongest cash flows in our history! Cash flow from operations was $361 million and free cash flow was $314 million. Both of these numbers exclude the
tax benefit from stock option exercises and the after-tax benefit of prior year Medicare lab recoveries, which together was approximately $59 million.

Earnings:
Growth:
Employer of Choice:
Provider of Choice:
Public Policy:
Conclusion:
Net earnings were $217 million, excluding prior period recoveries. On a comparable basis, operating income was up 13.3% for the year and net earnings per share increased 26.3%. Operating margins were 17.5% just slightly below 2003Õs margin of 17.8%, consistent with our guidance.
Our investments in de novo center development over the past 3 years are showing positive results. Non-acquired growth in the fourth quarter was 6% and 5% for the full year! This year we opened 44 de novo centers and on the acquisition front we added 51 centers serving approximately 3,700 patients. These 95 new facilities represent a 17% increase in the base business capacity.
We strive to be not only a good company but also to provide an excellent and caring community for our care givers. This year we had the lowest turnover in the last five years, including having the lowest number of nursing vacancies.
In 2004, we found more ways to reach out to our patients. In many locations we now offer free Kidney Education and You (KEY) classes where chronic kidney disease patients can learn more about kidney disease and what they can do to take care of themselves. We also invested in DaVita.com, offering educational material, recipes, discussion boards and more.
Our patients know that it is important that communication flows both ways. That is why they formed DaVita Patient Citizens (DPC) in 2004. DPC is already weighing in on issues that are important to them by communicating with CMS and Congress, including by making trips to Washington in March of 2005 to visit their representatives.
In 2004, DaVita and the industry made steady progress in building relationships with key government stakeholders, including CMS, MedPAC, and Congress. While we were disappointed that Congress did not enact an annual update mechanism for dialysis services in its 2004 session, MedPAC recently recommended a 2.5% increase to dialysis service reimbursement for 2006. In addition, members of both houses of Congress introduced legislation in 2004Ñand again in March of 2005Ñthat would provide for an annual update and other needed quality-focused reforms to the dialysis reimbursement and regulatory system.
In 2004 DaVita delivered strong performance to all of our stakeholders.
As we look out over the next five years, it appears that demand will continue to grow. It also appears that reimbursement pressure will continue to grow and we still believe (as we have stated for the past 5 years) that over the long-term our margins will compress.
We will continue to invest in our portfolio of strategic initiatives that are intended to position us to be the highest value provider of kidney related care for all payors, with a distinctively attractive geographic foot print.
Finally I would like to offer heartfelt thanks to our 14,000 teammates. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Chairman and CEO
For financial reconciliations, see our press release for the 4th Quarter and Year Ended 2004 Results, which is on our website at www.davita.com.
 