        Dear Stakeholders:
I will first discuss our 2011 results and then provide a few thoughts on the future. We had a strong year in 2011.
• Clinicaloutcomeswereonceagainamongthebestorwerethebestinvirtuallyeverycategory compared to national averages and we significantly advanced our clinical care initiatives,
• Wedeliveredstronggrowthinoperatingprofits,earningsandcashflows,
• WecontinuedtoleadthedialysiscommunityinworkingwithCMSandCongressonpolicyissues including the new bundled reimbursement and quality incentive programs and the potential for an
integrated care pilot, and
• WesuccessfullyadaptedtothenewbundledMedicarereimbursement.
Clinical Outcomes and Care Initiatives:
DaVita and its affiliated physicians collaborated to achieve outstanding clinical outcomes in 2011. For the 11th straight year these were the best patient outcomes in our history. At the end of the year:
• 69% of our patients had an arteriovenous fistula placed for dialysis, • 90% of our patients achieved an albumin level of 3.5 or better,
• 97% of our patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2 or better, and
By the end of 2011 we reduced our patients’ catheter rates to 15.4% — our best catheter results ever.
All these results compare quite favorably to those reported publicly for other dialysis providers. These clinical outcomes are important in improving the health and quality of life of our patients.
Income from continuing operations was $482 million and earnings per share were $4.99. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $496(1) million and earnings per share were $5.14(1), excluding an after-tax non-cash goodwill impairment charge. This represented a 10% increase in adjusted income from continuing operations and an 18% increase in adjusted earnings per share as compared to 2010.
Cash flow from operations was $1.180 billion and free cash flow was $855 million(1). These strong cash flows allowed us to repurchase 3.8 million shares of common stock for $323 million at an average price of $85.21 and spend $1.253 billion for center developments and acquisitions.
We provided 19.6 million dialysis treatments this year, a 9.1% increase from 2010. Our 2011 non-acquired growth was 4.6% year-over-year.
This was a busy year for acquisitions. We acquired DSI Renal, Inc., adding a net 83 centers and approximately 6,000 patients, after FTC required divestitures. We also acquired 57 other dialysis centers in the United States, further expanding our reach to serve over 142,000 patients at the end of the year, about 1 of 3 dialysis patients in America.
DaVita Rx, the world's largest full-service pharmacy dedicated to serving the unique needs of kidney patients, announced in July that it had filled five million prescriptions since the company started delivering medications in 2005. We now provide oral medication management services for over 41,000 patients.
Financial:
Growth:

Public Policy:
In 2011, we began our international expansion by dialyzing our first patients outside the United States. By year-end, we operated 11 clinics through subsidiaries, joint ventures, or management agreements in Germany, India, and Singapore. We continue to expand in 2012, as we recently signed agreements with local partners to provide dialysis services in China and Saudi Arabia.
The dialysis industry has built strong credibility with key government stakeholders. The dialysis industry has continually improved clinical care, and this improved quality drives savings for taxpayers.
As in the past, we continue to seek to build strong relationships with CMS and within Congress, and develop alternative reform proposals for consideration. In 2012, we will continue to improve the care we deliver to our patients while seeking to partner with the government to enhance the longevity of the Medicare Trust Fund.
The implementation of Medicare’s bundled payment system in January 2011 represented the biggest change to dialysis reimbursement in recent history. In 2011 we demonstrated our strong relationship in leading the dialysis industry in working with Congress and CMS to ensure that the bundling rules provide adequate reimbursement for the dialysis community. Among our successes:
• CMS fixed reimbursement levels to reflect the correct number of centers who are moving into the bundle in 2011, restoring more than 2% of Medicare revenue that we believe had previously been inappropriately taken away from dialysis providers.
• In 2012, after years without a guaranteed annual rate update to adjust for inflation, dialysis providers received our first annual market basket increase: 2.1% on the base Medicare rate.
Being a leader in American healthcare means being a responsible corporate community. Community Care, DaVita’s vision for social responsibility, is our philosophy for balancing our business responsibilities with our social, economic and environmental ones. For more than a decade, DaVita has had a vision for creating a true community—one that cares for our teammates as well as our patients. This investment in creating a community has inspired our teammates to realize their full potential and to deliver ever-improving quality care to our patients.
Our Community Care programs, including several examples below, enrich the lives of our more than 142,000 patients and 41,000 teammates and their families.
• DaVita Way of Giving is our newest community program. Company leaders empowered local teams across DaVita’s 43-state footprint to select the locally-focused charity of their choice for a company contribution. Nearly 600 clinics participated, and more than 600 charities will receive contributions totaling more than $1 million;
• Bridge of Life—DaVita Medical Missions works with DaVita teammates who volunteer to provide quality dialysis and kidney care to underserved parts of the world;
• Tour DaVita raises money and awareness to support kidney disease education and testing;
• DaVita and our teammates reach out to support underprivileged communities at home through Village Service Days and investment in our Minority Bank Initiative; and
Corporate Citizenship:

Outlook:
• DaVita’s Village Green program focuses on reducing waste in our centers and corporate offices, as we strive to be strong stewards of the natural world around us.
We invite you to review our work and be inspired to help change your community. Our 2011 Community Care Responsibility Report will be available on DaVita.com later this year.
In 2011, we delivered strong performance to all our stakeholders.
Building on our growth in 2011, we are pursuing a number of opportunities and positioning DaVita for the future.
In the coming years, our suite of value-added businesses including DaVita Rx, Lifeline, and Village Health positions us to operate in a world with increasingly integrated care. Congress and CMS have been looking to create programs to improve care for chronic conditions such as ESRD. Dialysis patients represent approximately 1% of the Medicare population and about 8% of Medicare costs. Our developed capabilities will hopefully allow us to be a significant player in the collective efforts to improve care for this challenging population while generating savings for taxpayers.
If given the opportunity to do this, it will be a major initiative to increase our value proposition, providing patients more services and higher clinical quality, while reducing the total cost of care. We believe this enhanced value proposition to government and society can provide an attractive return on capital to our shareholders
We began our international expansion in 2011, as we are now dialyzing patients on three continents. The need for dialysis globally is growing much more rapidly than in the US, and health care systems are maturing presenting an opportunity for scale providers to add value to the provision of dialysis care in a number of markets. This is a long-term initiative that will require sustained investment and new capabilities. While this initiative will add new complexities to our business, we also see this as a value driver in the long term.
This past year we launched Paladina Health, a new business, distinct from kidney care, which seeks to deliver an improved model for primary care delivery. We are starting by offering this service to our own teammates in two clinics around our largest business offices in Tacoma and Denver. We also made a small acquisition to deepen our capabilities in this space, acquiring ModernMed in January 2012. As this is currently a small initiative, we do not expect it to be material to our financial results for a long time.
Once again, I offer heartfelt thanks to our 41,000 teammates for your accomplishments. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Chairman and CEO
 (1) These are Non-GAAP amounts. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see our press release for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2011 results, which is on our website at www.davita.com.
