        Dear Stakeholders:
I am pleased to report on 2005 and provide a few additional thoughts with respect to the Gambro integration.
Clinical Outcomes:
DaVita, including our newly acquired centers, achieved strong performance again this year in all areas. Here are some examples in the areas of access placement, nutrition, kinetics and adequacy:
• 47% of our patients are receiving their dialysis thru an arteriovenous fistula,
• 84% of our patients achieved an albumin level of 3.5, and
• 93.5% of our patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2.
2005 was a superb clinical year! DaVita delivered the best care in its history leading the United States in many of the standard measures of clinical performance.
Effective October 1, 2005, we completed our acquisition of Gambro Healthcare and we now serve over 96,000 of the nation’s dialysis patients in 41 states and the District of Columbia. We continue to believe that this combination will improve our competitive position in the United States and enable us to build an even stronger platform for our initiatives to improve care for patients and improve value to payors and taxpayers.
Large integrations are like running a marathon. They require rigorous preparation, strenuous effort, and deep reservoirs of endurance. Our progress has been solid so far, although all integrations carry the risk of operating disruption and ours is no exception.
In 2005 we had the strongest cash flows in our history. Cash flow from operations was $441 million and free cash flow was $378 million. Both of these numbers exclude the tax benefit from stock option exercises and the after-tax benefit of prior year Medicare lab recoveries, which together added approximately $44 million.
Net earnings from continuing operations were $207 million and earnings per share were $1.99, which includes the Gambro acquisition in the fourth quarter. The operating performance of the DaVita and Gambro centers was solidly in line with our guidance for the year and fourth quarter as were the additional costs associated with the merger.
2005 was a very successful year! We continued to build strong relationships with key government stakeholders, including CMS, MedPAC and Congress. We achieved an appropriate drug-add back in an environment that could very well have led to an erroneously low one. We also achieved a much needed 1.6% increase to the composite rate in a year when Congress delivered bad news to many other segments. Our situation remains serious, however, as we continue to lose money on the over 85% of our patients with the government as their primary payor.
Gambro Acquisition:
Cash Flow:
Earnings:
Public Policy:

Outlook:
Our patients know that it is important that communication flows both ways. DaVita Patient Citizens, which was formed in early 2005 now has over 15,500 members and has weighed in on issues that are important to them by communicating with CMS and Congress, including making trips to Washington to visit their representatives.
In 2005 DaVita delivered strong performance to all of our stakeholders.
As we look out over the next five years, it appears that demand will continue to grow. It also appears that reimbursement pressure will continue to grow and we still believe that over the long-term our margins will compress.
We will continue to invest in our portfolio of strategic initiatives that are intended to position us to be the highest value provider of kidney related care for all payors.
Finally I would like to offer heartfelt thanks to our 28,000 teammates. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Chairman and CEO
For reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see our press release for the 4th Quarter and Year Ended 2005 Results, which is on our Website at www.davita.com
 