 Dear Stakeholders:
I will first discuss our 2014 results and then provide a few thoughts on the future.
• Dialysisclinicaloutcomeswereonceagainthebestoramongthebestinvirtuallyeverycategory compared to national averages and we significantly advanced our clinical care initiatives,
• Weprovidedsolidearningsandcashflows,
• WedrovesolidgrowthinoperatingprofitsinourKidneyCaredivision,
• HCP’sthreelegacystatescontinuetogrowanddeliversolidclinicalperformanceandoperatingprofits,
• ThetwonewmarketentriesHCPmadearoundthetimeofourmergercontinuetodeliver
disappointing financial results; however, we are making progress in improving our performance in
these markets, and
• MedicareAdvantageratecutspresentedthebiggestheadwindtoHCPin2014,butitappearsthe
reimbursement environment may improve over the next few years.
Clinical Outcomes and Care Initiatives:
DaVita HealthCare Partners and our affiliated physicians collaborated to achieve outstanding clinical outcomes in 2014.
For the 14th consecutive year we achieved the best dialysis patient outcomes in our history. By the end of the year:
• 73% of our dialysis patients had an arteriovenous fistula placed for dialysis, • 93% of our dialysis patients had been vaccinated for pneumonia,
• 93% of our dialysis patients had been vaccinated for influenza, and
• 98% of our dialysis patients had achieved a Kt/V of 1.2 or better.
All these results compare quite favorably to those reported publicly for other dialysis providers, especially when adjusted for acuity and other socioeconomic factors.
DaVita dialysis centers led the industry in the new star rating system used by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), with 51% of our facilities receiving a star rating of four or five stars, compared to just 21% of facilities for the rest of the industry.
Our HealthCare Partners physicians have a strong focus on clinical quality outcomes and patient satisfaction. Across the five states that HCP cared for Medicare Advantage patients, HCP was rated 4-stars or above on 52 of 60 HEDIS metrics, the clinical scores that CMS uses to determine health plan star ratings.
Our quality clinical care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives reductions in total healthcare cost, and therefore significant savings to the U.S. health care system.
Income from continuing operations was $723 million and earnings per share were $3.33. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $792(1) million and earnings per share were $3.64(1), excluding a loss contingency reserve and debt refinancing charges.
Financial:

Growth:
Cash flow from operations was $1.459 billion and free cash flow was $1.045 billion.(1) These strong cash flows allowed us to spend $648 million on center developments and acquisitions.
We provided nearly 25.0 million dialysis treatments in 2014, a 5.8% increase from 2013. Our 2014 non-acquired growth was 5.1% year-over-year.
We acquired 18 dialysis centers in the United States serving approximately 1,600 patients, expanding our reach to serve approximately 173,000 dialysis patients at the end of the year, 35 percent of dialysis patients in the United States.
DaVita Rx, the world’s largest full-service pharmacy dedicated to serving the unique needs of kidney patients, now provides oral medication management services for approximately 135,000 patients.
We continued our international expansion. By year-end 2014 we operated 91 clinics in ten countries outside the United States.
HealthCare Partners saw strong organic patient growth of 12% across our three legacy states. We also entered two new states in 2014: Pennsylvania and Colorado. We continue to build our growth infrastructure within HCP but as I have said before it will take some time to develop the capabilities we need to drive sustainable and profitable long-term growth.
The dialysis industry has built credibility with key government stakeholders by continually improving clinical care. This improved quality drives savings for taxpayers.
We are facing a tough fiscal environment which puts greater pressure on the reimbursement rates we receive from government payors on both sides of our business.
In late 2013, CMS announced a 12 percent rebasing of dialysis payments, as had been mandated by Congress. This reduced funding for the dialysis program by $8 to $10 billion over the next decade. In March 2014, Congress passed a partial scale-back of rebasing that reduced the amount of cuts in 2016 through 2018. In addition, the legislation delays the bundling of oral drugs until 2024, eliminating the risk that oral drugs would be underfunded in the bundle. The net impact of this 2014 legislation is to restore more than $2 billion into dialysis funding.
HealthCare Partners’ model is to provide coordinated care for patients, focusing on preventive care and improving patient outcomes over time. HCP derives a majority of revenues providing this coordinated care to Medicare Advantage patients. At HCP, more than 80% of our patients are in plans with 4 or more stars, well above the national averages. Cuts to 2014 Medicare Advantage benchmark rates presented a challenge for HCP in 2014. We faced large cuts in 2016 based on the Advanced Notice issued by CMS in February 2015, but following extensive advocacy by the industry, the cut was moderated somewhat to present a more manageable headwind for 2016.
As in the past, we continue to build strong relationships with CMS and within Congress, and to develop alternative reform proposals for consideration. In 2015, we will remain focused on improving the care we deliver to our patients while seeking to partner with the government to enhance the longevity of the Medicare Trust Fund.
Public Policy:

Government Settlement:
In October 2014, we finalized our comprehensive settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice and certain other federal agencies regarding allegations of improperly structured joint ventures with certain physician partners. We believe this settlement was the right thing for our teammates, partners and shareholders. It allows us to move forward with heightened clarity and transparency, both with regulators and our physician partners.
We are proud of our commitment to compliance over our 15-year history. We have worked incredibly hard to get things right and it is our belief there was no intentional wrongdoing. After having gone through this process our board and executive team are looking for ways to continue to improve our investment in compliance practices and form a more cooperative relationship with the government in ensuring compliance with complex regulations.
Being a leader in American healthcare means being a responsible corporate community. The Trilogy of Care—Caring for our patients, each other, and the world—is DaVita HealthCare Partners’ vision for social responsibility and is our philosophy for balancing our business responsibilities with our social, economic and environmental ones. For more than a decade, we have had a vision for creating a true community—one that cares for our teammates as well as our patients. This investment in creating a community has inspired our teammates to realize their full potential and to deliver ever-improving quality care to our patients.
• Through DaVita Way of Giving teammates in our centers chose more than 950 nonprofits and community organizations to receive over $1.6 million in 2014. The program has donated a total of $4 million since it began.
• DaVita Village Trust completed 21 medical missions in 7 countries, bringing life-saving dialysis treatment to more than 250 patients around the world. Through its first primary care medical mission, it provided care and health education to more than 70 kidney donors and individuals. It provided free chronic kidney disease (CKD) rapid-screenings for over 8,500 people through 38 domestic and two international CKD screening events.
• At Tour DaVita, an annual 250-mile bike ride, 500 riders raised money and awareness to support kidney disease education and testing. Since 2007 teammates have raised more than $6 million and collectively ridden 638,377 miles to fight kidney disease.
• Approximately 12,000 teammates and friends reached out to support underprivileged communities at home through more than 500 Village Service Days community service projects.
• DaVita’s Village Green program supports environmental sustainability through a number of projects throughout the DaVita Village. The average DaVita center used 20% fewer gallons of water in 2014 compared to 2013, and we are working towards our goal to reduce energy consumption by 15 percent across our footprint.
We invite you to review our work and be inspired to help change your community. Our 2014 Community Care social responsibility report will be available on DaVitaHealthCarePartners.com later this year.
Corporate Citizenship:

Outlook:
In 2014, we delivered solid performance to all our stakeholders while continuing to position the company for future growth opportunities.
Over the next few years we will face numerous challenges in pursuing these growth opportunities including government reimbursement pressures, risks associated with government investigations and private lawsuits, uncertainty around health care reimbursement, and the risks arising from driving growth of HealthCare Partners into new markets.
We believe our combined enterprise offers new and exciting levels of clinical quality, service, and consumer/taxpayer savings. Both our Kidney Care and HealthCare Partners divisions continue to execute on our integrated care mission by partnering with thousands of physicians across the country to lead the transformation of health care delivery.
I offer heartfelt thanks to our 60,000 teammates around the world. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Co-Chairman and CEO
 (1) These are non-GAAP amounts. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see our press release dated February 12, 2015 for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2014 results, which is on our website at DavitaHealthCarePartners.com under Investor Relations/Press Releases.
