        Dear Stakeholders:
I will first discuss our 2007 results, and then provide a few thoughts about the future.
In 2007 our:
¥ Clinical outcomes were once again among the best in the nation
¥ Operating profit grew significantly year over year, but we exited the year on a flat trajectory
¥ Cash flow was strong
Clinical Outcomes:
DaVita and its affiliated physicians achieved strong performance again this year, and for the 7th straight year is proud to announce we achieved the best outcomes in our history. Here are some examples in the areas of access placement, nutrition, and kinetics/adequacy:
¥ As of year end 59% of our patients have had an arteriovenous fistula placed for dialysis,
¥ 83% of our patients achieved an albumin level of 3.5 or better, and ¥ 94% of our patients achieved a Kt/V of 1.2 or better.
Finally, our gross mortality rates continue to compare quite favorably to national averages.
This year marks a key milestone; all major areas of the Gambro integration were completed. In 2007, we completed the conversion of all of our Gambro facilities to our core billing platform while reducing DSO by 2 days. In addition, all of our dialysis centers and physicians, including those acquired from Gambro, are now using one clinical information system. The completion of the integration will allow us to focus on advancing the capabilities of our systems and mining data for one of the largest clinical renal databases in existence.
We provided 15.3 million dialysis treatments this year, a 5.7% increase from 2006. Our non-acquired growth was 4.6% year over year.
In 2007, we had another strong cash flow year. Cash flow from operations was $533 million and free cash flow(1) was $421 million. These strong cash flows allowed us to repay $50 million of our term debt last year. Our end of year leverage ratio was 2.99 times debt to trailing 12 month earnings before interest and taxes, compared to 3.66 times one year earlier.
Net income was $340(1) million and earnings per share were $3.17,(1) excluding after- tax gains from insurance settlements, the after-tax valuation gain on the Gambro Product Supply Agreement and after-tax gains on the sale of investment securities.
2007 presented unique challenges to the kidney care community, including passage by the House of Representatives of some of the deepest cuts in Medicare funding for dialysis ever proposed. We continued our efforts to build strong relationships with key government stakeholders, including CMS and within Congress, and developed alternative reform proposals for consideration. In the end, Congress decided not to
Integration:
Treatment Growth: Cash Flow:
Earnings:
Public Policy:

Private Pay Rates:
Outlook:
take any action on dialysis reimbursement in 2007, which means we must endure rising operating costs in 2008 without any corresponding Medicare adjustment. We achieved a one-year extension in the authorization of Special Needs Plans, enabling the VillageHealth initiative to continue its operations through 2009. Our overall situation remains that we continue to lose money on the over 85% of our patients for whom the government is their primary payor.
Recognizing the critical importance of advocacy, we further expanded our support of grassroots action in 2007. DaVita Patient Citizens has over 20,000 members and undertook over 600 meetings at the federal and state levels. DaVita Nephrology Alliance, a physician advocacy organization, now has over 700 physician members and held over 70 meetings with Congress. Finally, DaVita centers and teammates engaged in more center visits by and meetings with federal and state officials than ever before, averaging more than 3 official visits and meetings for every workday of the year.
We continue to experience rate pressure from the private sector but our unique strategic capabilities and leading patient outcomes provide our partners unique value. The reality is that payors are starting to realize that high quality outpatient care results in reduced hospitalizations and the fact that we have a more complete geographic network means they are able to work more closely with us to do even more to reduce hospitalizations.
We will work diligently to ensure the rates they pay are appropriate for the short time that they are responsible for payment.
We will continue to invest in our strategic portfolio that is intended to position us to be the highest value provider of kidney care for all payors. In 2007, we made solid progress in refining our capability to improve the total health of patients and prevent many hospital admissions through preventive care. This capability allows us to help patients live longer healthier lives, helps reduce healthcare costs for Medicare and other payors, and creates an exciting opportunity for DaVita. We hope Congress does not stifle the emergence of the new care capabilities that could improve care and save taxpayers money.
Moreover, demand for our services continues to grow, and our cash flows remain distinctively stable.
Again this year, I would like to offer heartfelt thanks to our 31,000 teammates. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Chairman and CEO
 (1) For reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see our press release for the 4th Quarter and Year Ended 2007 Results, which is on our Website at www.davita.com.
