 Dear Stakeholders:
I will first discuss our 2013 results and then provide a few thoughts on the future.
• Dialysisclinicaloutcomeswereonceagainthebestoramongthebestinvirtuallyeverycategory compared to national averages and we significantly advanced our clinical care initiatives,
• Weprovidedstrongearningsandcashflows,
• WedrovestronggrowthinoperatingprofitsinourKidneyCaredivision,and
• WedelivereddisappointingresultsatHealthCarePartners.WearetakingstepstopositionHCPfor
future expansion but it will take time to develop the business development capabilities we seek to drive long-term growth.
Clinical Outcomes and Care Initiatives:
DaVita HealthCare Partners and our affiliated physicians collaborated to achieve outstanding clinical outcomes in 2013.
For the 13th consecutive year we achieved the best dialysis patient outcomes in our history. By the end of the year:
• 72% of our dialysis patients had an arteriovenous fistula placed for dialysis,
• 93% of our dialysis patients had been vaccinated for pneumonia,
• 92% of our dialysis patients had been vaccinated for influenza,
• 98% of our dialysis patients had achieved a Kt/V of 1.2 or better, and
• We reduced our dialysis patients’ central venous catheter rates to 13.0% — our best catheter results ever.
All these results compare quite favorably to those reported publicly for other dialysis providers, especially when adjusted for acuity and other socioeconomic factors. Our quality clinical care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives reductions in hospitalization and surgical procedures and therefore significant savings to the U.S. health care system.
Our HealthCare Partners physicians have a strong focus on clinical quality outcomes and patient satisfaction. For the eleventh consecutive year HealthCare Partners was named a “Top Performer” of medical groups in a comparison of approximately 200 California physician groups by the Integrated Healthcare Association’s Pay for Performance program.
Income from continuing operations was $620 million and earnings per share were $2.89. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $818(1) million and earnings per share were $3.81(1), excluding a loss contingency reserve and a contingent earn-out obligation adjustment. This represented a 33% increase in adjusted income from continuing operations and a 22% increase in adjusted earnings per share as compared to 2012.
Cash flow from operations was $1.773 billion and free cash flow was $1.366 billion(1). These strong cash flows allowed us to spend $660 million on center developments and acquisitions.
We provided 23.6 million dialysis treatments in 2013, a 7.2% increase from 2012. Our 2013 non-acquired growth was 5.0% year-over-year.
Financial:
Growth:

Public Policy:
We acquired 26 dialysis centers in the United States serving approximately 1,900 patients, expanding our reach to serve approximately 163,000 dialysis patients at the end of the year, 35 percent of dialysis patients in the United States.
DaVita Rx, the world’s largest full-service pharmacy dedicated to serving the unique needs of kidney patients, now provides oral medication management services for more than 66,000 patients.
In 2013 our VillageHealth Medicare Special Needs Plan (SNP) received the highest patient satisfaction rating of any C-SNP in California. The plan received a 92 percent satisfaction rating in Medicare’s Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems 2013 survey. We are hopeful that there will be further opportunities to partner with Medicare on coordinated care programs for kidney care patients.
We continued our international expansion. By year-end 2013 we operated 73 clinics in ten countries outside the United States. We continue to expand in 2014 as we recently announced an agreement with the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia to provide dialysis services to approximately 5,000 patients in the Kingdom.
HealthCare Partners saw growth over this past year, entering Arizona and announcing Tandigm Health, a partnership with Independence Blue Cross to serve patients in Southeastern Pennsylvania. HCP remains well positioned to grow in its markets with Medicare Advantage enrollment growth of 32% from year-end 2012 to year-end 2013. We continue to build our growth infrastructure within HCP but it will take some time to develop the capabilities we need to drive sustainable and profitable long-term growth.
The dialysis industry has built credibility with key government stakeholders by continually improving clinical care. This improved quality drives savings for taxpayers.
We are facing a tough fiscal environment which puts greater pressure on the reimbursement rates we receive from government payors.
In late 2013, CMS announced a 12 percent rebasing of dialysis payments, as had been mandated by Congress. This reduced funding for the dialysis program by $8 to $10 billion over the next decade. In March 2014, Congress passed a partial scale-back of rebasing that reduced the amount of cuts in 2016 through 2018. In addition the legislation delays the bundling of oral drugs until 2024, eliminating the risk that oral drugs would be underfunded in the bundle. The net impact of this 2014 legislation is to restore more than $2 billion into dialysis funding.
HealthCare Partners’ model is to provide coordinated care for patients, focusing on preventive care and improving patient outcomes over time. HCP derives a majority of revenues providing this coordinated care to Medicare Advantage patients. CMS has acknowledged Medicare Advantage enrollees are benefiting from greater quality with over half of enrollees now in plans with 4 or more stars, a significant increase from 37 percent of enrollees in such plans in 2013. At HCP, more than 80% of our patients are in plans with 4 or more stars, well above the national averages. Cuts to 2014 rates have presented a strong headwind for HCP. The industry mobilized advocacy efforts for 2015 rates and as a result, the Medicare Advantage benchmark

Government Investigation Settlement:
Leadership Changes:
rates for 2015 announced in April 2014 will be a significant improvement from the proposed legislation and over the cut we have experienced with 2014 rates.
As in the past, we continue to build strong relationships with CMS and within Congress, and to develop alternative reform proposals for consideration. In 2014, we will remain focused on improving the care we deliver to our patients while seeking to partner with the government to enhance the longevity of the Medicare Trust Fund.
In February 2014 we announced that we had a framework in place for a global resolution with the government on our 2010 and 2011 physician relationship investigations. To date we have recorded a $397 million reserve for this potential settlement. The final settlement remains subject to negotiating specific terms with the government, but we do hope to finalize this in 2014. We look forward to working collaboratively with the government to ensure we are doing joint ventures in a way the government is comfortable.
In early 2014 we announced the promotion of Javier Rodriguez to Chief Executive Officer and Michael Staffieri to Chief Operating Officer of our Kidney Care division. Both Javier and Michael have over a decade of experience as leaders in DaVita HealthCare Partners, and I am proud to have them take over leadership of our Kidney Care division.
In March 2014 Dr. Craig Samitt assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer of HealthCare Partners, taking over day-to-day operations from Dr. Robert Margolis, as had been previously announced. Craig is building a strong team at HealthCare Partners to position the business for long-term growth.
In 2013 Garry Menzel joined DaVita HealthCare partners as our Chief Financial Officer. Garry brings a diverse set of skills from a strong finance background to demonstrated strategic capabilities that will help us navigate the changing healthcare landscape, and I am excited to have him join our team.
Being a leader in American healthcare means being a responsible corporate community. The Trilogy of Care—Caring for our patients, each other, and the world—is DaVita HealthCare Partners’ vision for social responsibility and is our philosophy for balancing our business responsibilities with our social, economic and environmental ones. For more than a decade, we have had a vision for creating a true community—one that cares for our teammates as well as our patients. This investment in creating a community has inspired our teammates to realize their full potential and to deliver ever-improving quality care to our patients.
• Through the DaVita Way of Giving, teammates at DaVita clinics directly impacted their communities by selecting 1,100 local nonprofit organizations such as food banks, shelters and disaster relief organizations to receive $1.2M in the last quarter of 2013. DaVita HealthCare Partners also made cash contributions totaling more than $2 million to kidney disease– awareness organizations and provided financial support to 90 nonprofit organizations in our hometown of Denver, Colorado;
Corporate Citizenship:

Outlook:
• Bridge of Life—DaVita Medical MissionsTM, an independent 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, helps improve kidney health and save lives by bringing treatment, education, and hope to developing countries. In the last six years, Bridge of Life has provided an estimated 147,000 treatments to more than 1,400 patients;
• Tour DaVita, an annual 220 mile bike ride, raised money and awareness to support kidney disease education and testing;
• DaVita HealthCare Partners and our teammates reach out to support underprivileged communities at home through Village Service Days’ community service projects and investing in our Minority Bank Initiative; and
• DaVita’s Village Green program has set aggressive goals to reduce waste in our centers and corporate offices by 2015, and we received LEED® Gold certification on our new corporate headquarters.
We invite you to review our work and be inspired to help change your community. Our 2014 Community Care social responsibility report will be available on DaVita.com later this year.
In 2013, we delivered strong performance to all our stakeholders while continuing to position the company for future growth opportunities.
Over the next few years we will face numerous challenges in pursuing these growth opportunities including government reimbursement pressures, risks associated with government investigations and private lawsuits, uncertainty around health care reform, and the risks arising from driving growth of HealthCare Partners into new markets.
We believe our combined enterprise offers new and exciting levels of clinical quality, service, and consumer/taxpayer savings. Both our Kidney Care and HealthCare Partners divisions have executed on our integrated care mission by partnering with thousands of physicians across the country to lead the transformation of health care delivery.
I offer heartfelt thanks to our 57,000 teammates for your accomplishments. Your resilience and tenacity in simultaneously meeting the needs of so many diverse constituencies is remarkable.
Respectfully submitted,
Kent J. Thiry Co-Chairman and CEO
 (1) These are non-GAAP amounts. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see our press release dated February 11, 2014 for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2013 results, which is on our website at DavitaHealthCarePartners.com under Investor Relations/Press Releases.
