2
Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
We enter the new decade with excitement and anticipation. 2009 was a pivotal year for Devon as we embarked upon a strategic repositioning of the company. During the fourth quarter of 2009, we announced our plan to divest all of our Gulf of Mexico and international assets and to reshape Devon into an entirely North American onshore exploration and production company.
Rewarding Resource Capture
Over much of the past decade, we sought to capture large-scale oil and natural gas resources onshore in the United States and Canada, offshore in the Gulf of Mexico and in select international regions. As one of the world’s largest independent exploration and production companies, it was necessary to target opportunities with sufficient size and scope to be meaningful. Our efforts
to capture large-scale resources were rewarded, both onshore and off.
Onshore in North America, we established significant land positions
in five exciting shale natural gas plays. After acquiring our initial interests in
the Barnett Shale of north Texas in
2002, Devon jump-started the shale-
gas revolution. We drilled the first-ever commercial horizontal shale wells
and, to date, have drilled over 2,000 successful horizontal wells in the Barnett. Leveraging the experience and the expertise we gained in the Barnett, we then expanded our shale arsenal into the Arkoma-Woodford, Cana-Woodford and Haynesville plays in the United States and into Canada’s Horn River play in British Columbia. Devon’s combined net risked resource potential in these five shale plays exceeds 40 trillion cubic feet of gas equivalent—nearly three times the size of our entire current proved reserve base.
 J. Larry Nichols
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Following the transformation, the company will be positioned to deliver strong organic growth throughout the inevitable ups and downs of commodity price cycles. Before we review the company’s challenges and achievements of 2009, I want you to understand the reasoning behind this seminal redirection of our company.

Devon is also the first U.S.-based independent producer to construct and operate a steam-assisted gravity drainage project in Canada. Production from our Jackfish SAGD project in Alberta is now approaching the 35,000 barrel per day facilities’ capacity and is proving to be one of the most successful projects in this segment of the industry. Production per well and energy input per barrel produced rank Jackfish among the best steam assisted gravity drainage projects. Following the success of our first phase of Jackfish, we are doubling the project with construction of Jackfish 2, slated to become operational in 2011. In addition, we have completed our geologic evaluation and plan to file a regulatory application in 2010 for a third 35,000 barrel per day phase of Jackfish. To further leverage our SAGD expertise, in March of 2010, we signed an agreement with BP to form a joint venture in
which Devon will acquire 50% of BP’s interest in the Kirby oil sands leases. While additional evaluation is needed to determine the final development plan for Kirby, these leases have similar geology, reservoir characteristics and oil quality
to that of our Jackfish complex located just to the north. Based on the limited portion of the Kirby leases upon which we currently have data, we expect Kirby to yield a multi-stage SAGD development with total recoverable resources of up
to 1.5 billion barrels. As we evaluate additional parts of this large land position, we hope to uncover additional resource potential. For a more in-depth review of our North American onshore assets, see pages 10-18 of this 2009 annual report.
In addition to our success onshore, between 2002 and 2006 we made four significant oil discoveries in the deepwater Lower Tertiary trend of the Gulf of Mexico. In conjunction with our four Lower Tertiary discoveries, we also assembled one of
the largest deepwater lease and prospect inventories in the Gulf. Our Lower Tertiary holdings alone encompass more than 800,000 acres under approximately 140 federal lease blocks.
Devon also assembled a valuable asset base offshore Brazil, including the Polvo oil field and two significant oil discoveries in the Campos Basin that await development. Offshore Brazil is home to some of the largest oil discoveries of this new century. Furthermore, recent changes to leasing rules enacted by the Brazilian government make it nearly impossible today to replicate our asset portfolio in Brazil.
Indeed, we were very successful in capturing potential oil and gas resources. However, all of this success presented us with a paradox: we had more high-quality development opportunities than we could simultaneously pursue. Therefore, in order to optimize the value of our overall opportunity set, we are relinquishing some opportunities and focusing our resources on others. This led to our decision to monetize our Gulf of Mexico and international assets and to focus
our capital and human resources on our world-class assets onshore in the U.S. and Canada.
Accelerating Value Realization
The strategic repositioning is well underway. As I write this letter, we have signed sales agreements totaling $8.3 billion. Assuming reasonable sales prices for the remaining divestiture assets, we now expect total after-tax proceeds from the divestiture process to exceed the
top end of our forecasted range of $4.5 billion to $7.5 billion. Many prospective buyers have visited our data rooms for the remaining properties. We will thoroughly evaluate the bids and accept those that maximize value. The entire process should be completed before year end.
The sales proceeds from these transactions present Devon with many options. We are deploying a portion to jump-start our production growth across our North American onshore property base and will initially utilize the remaining proceeds to retire debt. In anticipation
of receipt of the offshore sales proceeds, we began to allocate additional capital
to onshore projects in the fourth quarter of 2009. However, should rising industry costs or a deteriorating outlook for oil or natural gas prices challenge the economics of any of our projects, we will do what we have done in the past. We will curtail our activity levels and preserve our resources until industry conditions improve.
Following the repositioning, Devon will have a rock-solid balance sheet. We also expect to achieve additional cost savings, resulting in lower lease operating, general and administrative and interest expenses. The repositioned Devon will have the capacity to deliver significant organic growth without the need to issue additional debt or equity. We will be situated for fierce competition—as one of the strongest exploration and production companies in North America.
3

2009 Remembered
The fallout from the financial
crisis that began in 2008 resulted in extreme oil and gas price volatility in 2009. Though oil prices strengthened throughout 2009, they still averaged about 40% less than in 2008. Natural gas prices trended lower for much of 2009 and averaged less than half of what they were in 2008.
Low oil and gas prices at the end
of the first quarter 2009 triggered a non-cash adjustment to the carrying value of Devon’s oil and gas properties. This charge resulted in a net loss of $2.5 billion for the full year. Cash flow from operations declined by approximately 50% compared with 2008. However, production growth from our North American onshore properties, as well
as solid results from our marketing and midstream operations, allowed us to generate cash flow from operations that still topped $4 billion for the full year.
Due to deteriorating market conditions, we significantly cut
capital spending in 2009 and drilled less than half of the number of wells drilled in 2008. Nonetheless, we grew production in our North American onshore business by 6%, to 220 million oil-equivalent barrels. Furthermore, the 1,100-plus successful wells we drilled during 2009 contributed to impressive reserve additions. Excluding revisions attributable to price changes, we added 492 million oil-equivalent barrels with
the drill bit—more than 200% of our North American onshore production
for the year. Including proved reserve additions resulting from price changes, we replaced more than three times our annual production. With related capital costs of only $3.3 billion, we added North American onshore reserves at a cost per barrel among the lowest in our industry.
Looking Beyond 2010
The year 2010 will be one of transition as we complete the Gulf and international divestitures, accelerate North American onshore activity and refocus our workforce. As we emerge from this transformation, Devon has captured all the attributes necessary to realize our vision of being the premier independent oil and gas company in North America. We have established many years of growth opportunities in some of the best oil and gas plays in North America. We have industry-leading technical expertise to apply to these opportunities. We have the scale and resolve to maintain a highly competitive overall cost structure. And upon closing the property divestitures for which we have already executed contracts, we will emerge with one of the strongest balance sheets among U.S. independents.
Looking ahead, I could not be more excited about Devon’s future. While
we faced some difficult decisions in 2009, we acted decisively. We could
not be in the enviable position for the future that we find ourselves today without the commitment and support
of Devon’s talented and dedicated
team of employees. That support was acknowledged as Devon was named the top ranked energy company by Fortune magazine’s “100 Best Companies to
Work For.” This award is driven largely by feedback from our employees. I thank each and every one of them for sharing in our success.
In closing, I would like to bid a sincere farewell to two retiring members of our board of directors. Tom Ferguson has served for nearly 30 years, and
his contributions, including serving
as chairman of the Audit Committee,
are immeasurable. Bob Howard joined our board following the 2003 Ocean Energy merger and has faithfully served as chairman of the Compensation Committee. Bob’s many years of industry experience made him a valuable contributor. Devon is grateful for the years of service and expertise provided by these gentlemen. Each of them has provided valuable leadership, and their contributions to the company’s success are deeply appreciated.
J. Larry Nichols
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2010
 4
