  Letter to Shareholders
2014 brought about exciting transformation at Devon
as we repositioned our asset portfolio and delivered excellent operational and financial results. With a streamlined portfolio, keen focus on operational excellence and strong financial position, we are primed to deliver shareholder value for many years to come.
Early in 2014, we completed the acquisition of our prolific Eagle Ford Shale assets in south Texas, the first of three significant steps to improve the growth trajectory and profitability of our business. A short time later, we completed the innovative formation of EnLink Midstream and saw the market value of our ownership interest increase from $4.8 billion to more than $7.5 billion. We also generated significant value with the sale of $5.1 billion in non-core assets. Our resulting portfolio has greater focus in the heart of some of North America’s top basins and favorably positions us to deliver competitive, high-margin growth.
Our repositioned portfolio allowed us to deliver tremendous operating results in 2014. Oil, natural gas and liquids production exceeded Wall Street’s expectations, with total top-line growth of 15 percent compared to the prior year. These outstanding results stemmed from the top-tier quality of our assets and a laser focus throughout the organization on execution. Importantly, we delivered this production growth while staying within our original capital spending guidance, in spite of a rapidly increasing cost environment in 2014.
The most significant growth came from the company’s U.S. operations, where oil production from our repositioned portfolio increased 37 percent year over year. This substantial growth was driven by strong results from our world-class position in the Eagle Ford and our Permian Basin activity. In Canada, we achieved record oil production at the Jackfish complex, driven by a faster- than-expected ramp-up of Jackfish 3. Also topping expectations, our marketing and midstream business, driven largely through our majority ownership of EnLink, delivered record operating profits in 2014.
During the year, we also saw tremendous improvement in well-completion designs and other technological advances to enhance production, mitigate declines and get the most out of our producing assets. We are relentlessly focused on aligning our people, processes, technologies, strategies and goals to drive superior execution.
The challenging industry conditions of the past several months have reinforced the importance of our solid balance sheet, sound hedge position and significant EnLink optionality. These financial competitive advantages, along with our
repositioned portfolio and improved execution, provide us flexibility to continue to invest in high-return projects and maintain operational continuity in our core plays, in spite of the challenged commodity price environment. We have set our 2015 initial capital budget at $4.1 to $4.4 billion for exploration and production projects, a 20 percent decrease from 2014. Despite the lower capital budget, we still expect to grow oil production by 20 to 25 percent this year. We will continue to monitor market conditions and adjust capital as necessary to maintain flexibility.
We must be ever mindful that cycles and fluctuations are inherent in our business. Adapting to change is a key to our ongoing success. But some things, like our core values, never change. We maintain a steadfast commitment to foster a corporate culture based on accountability and integrity, while delivering top-quartile share returns.
Being a premier independent oil and natural gas company in North America requires a social license to operate that is earned through the trust and acceptance of our shareholders, royalty owners, neighbors, policymakers and other stakeholders. Our 2015 Corporate Social Responsibility Report, available on our website
at www.devonenergy.com, provides an overview of Devon’s safe and responsible operations, community engagement and giving, environmental stewardship, employee wellness and much more.
I have had the honor of leading this great company as president since 2004 and chief executive officer since 2010 and, over that time, the company has achieved many notable milestones. As we enter the next phase of Devon’s growth, Dave Hager, our chief operating officer, will become president and CEO upon
my retirement in July. Dave has been intimately involved in the transformation of our business. His integrity and focus on creating top-quartile shareholder returns, among his many attributes, will serve our stakeholders well. I am excited about the future of Devon under Dave’s leadership.
I look forward to continuing to serve on Devon’s board of directors, in the position of vice chairman. Thank you for the opportunity to serve and lead this great company. I firmly believe Devon’s best days are still ahead.
John Richels
Vice Chairman
President and Chief Executive Officer
April 6, 2015
 