 Letter to Shareholders
2015 was a year of extreme price volatility for our industry. The success of U.S. resource plays, combined with unwavering OPEC production, drove world oil markets to be oversupplied by more than a million barrels a day. This imbalance pushed the average benchmark WTI oil price down nearly 50 percent during the year. With natural gas prices similarly depressed, cash flows across the E&P sector were severely constrained. However, the good news is that fundamental supply and demand dynamics appear to be improving. Persistent growth in global oil demand coupled with declines in production, led by North American resource plays, are bringing balance back to the market.
Generating top-tier operating results
In spite of these tough economic conditions, Devon’s strategy of operating in North America’s best resource plays with a sharp focus on best-in-class execution is generating top-tier results. We are seeing higher production rates, lower capital costs and lower operating expenses across the company’s portfolio. This strong performance has guided the company to consistently exceed well type-curve expectations and driven peer-leading results.
Our strong operating performance produced some notable highlights in 2015:
• Record oil production – 275,000 barrels a day, up 28 percent
• Greater production value – reduced field-level operating
costs by nearly $400 million
• Lower capital costs – achieved $500 million of savings from
original budget expectations
Enhancing our world-class portfolio
Looking beyond our reported results, it was also a pivotal year for Devon’s asset portfolio. Late in the year we moved decisively to materially expand our position in the Oklahoma Anadarko Basin. Also known as the STACK, this in our view is the best emerging development opportunity in North America. I have unwavering conviction that this strategic acquisition will further Devon’s ability to deliver differentiating operating results for many years to come.
The quality of our go-forward asset base is unmatched.
Our franchise properties in the STACK and Delaware Basin have the scale and scope to deliver long-term, sustainable growth. Complementing these are some of the best cash-flow-generating
assets in the U.S. – the Barnett Shale and Eagle Ford. With the depth, diversity and quality of our premier portfolio, we are well positioned to create significant value for our shareholders.
Responding with caution
As we look to 2016, given the low commodity-price environment and the uncertain duration of this downturn, our
top priority is to protect the balance sheet by spending within our available cash flow. We also see no reason to accelerate production growth into weak commodity markets, so we have prudently reduced our capital activity by 75 percent from last year.
To ensure the continued strength of our investment grade balance sheet, we also trimmed more than $1 billion from our cost structure and have a divestiture program under way with the intent to monetize $2 billion to $3 billion of assets. With our financial strength and flexibility intact, we are ready to move quickly once the markets and economics turn favorable again for increased investment.
A culture of success
Regardless of the business environment, Devon has a long tradition of doing its work the right way. This commitment remains strong today and starts with working safely. But creating a culture of safety is just the beginning for us when it comes to doing things the right way. Our efforts to care for the land, preserve wildlife, conserve water, reduce emissions and be a good neighbor continue to be a priority and our efforts have been widely recognized.
When I look to the coming years, I have every reason to
be optimistic about Devon’s future. We have a great collection of assets, a strong commitment to superior execution and one of the more advantaged capital structures in the E&P space. As we continue to execute on our disciplined business plan, we are well positioned to consistently generate outsized returns for our shareholders.
Dave Hager
President and CEO April 7, 2016
 