Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2008 was a year of extremes for Devon
and for our industry. In July we saw the benchmark WTI oil price climb to $147 per barrel, its highest level ever. By year end, following the collapse of the credit markets and the resulting impact on the global economy, the price of oil had dropped to near $40 per barrel, its lowest level since 2004. Natural gas prices followed a similar course.
headlines and believe that energy markets will never improve again, our experience tells us otherwise.
Accordingly, our commitment to manage Devon to achieve sustainable long-term success is unchanged. Long- term supply and demand fundamentals for oil and natural gas remain compelling. World economies will recover, and today’s over-supplies will be absorbed. We are confident that Devon’s financial strength, the durability of our asset base and the abilities of our people will enable us to weather this down cycle and emerge even stronger.
Financial Strength Makes a Difference
Throughout our history, Devon has taken advantage of periods of strong commodity prices to repay debt and strengthen our balance sheet – 2008 was no exception. With record cash flow and the proceeds from divesting our operations in Africa, we funded exploration and production capital of $8.5 billion, repaid $2.1 billion of debt and repurchased 6.5 million shares of common stock.
Among the financial transactions
we completed in 2008 was an innovative asset trade with Chevron. In exchange for Devon’s ownership of 14.2 million shares of Chevron common stock, we received $280 million in cash and Chevron’s 44% working interest in the Drunkard’s Wash natural gas field in Utah. The transaction provided additional liquidity and added yet another asset with significant growth potential to our portfolio.
 
J. Larry Nichols
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
This extreme price volatility was reflected in Devon’s financial results. In the third quarter of 2008 we reported the highest quarterly earnings in our history at $2.6 billion. Plummeting product prices in the fourth quarter not only reduced sales revenues but also led to a $10.4 billion non-cash impairment charge to the book value of our oil and natural gas properties. As a result, Devon reported its largest ever quarterly loss of $6.8 billion in the fourth quarter.
These events amid deteriorating world economic conditions are a stark reminder of the cyclical nature of our business. Oil and natural gas prices can rise and fall for a multitude of meteorological, political, psychological and economic reasons. Although it is tempting to get caught up in today’s

We exited 2008 in a strong financial position with $379 million of cash
on hand and a net debt to adjusted capitalization ratio of only 24%. Just after year-end 2008, in early January, we increased our capacity of unused credit lines to more than $3 billion. In addition, we have no significant debt maturities until 2011.
Growing Reserves with the Drill Bit
Devon drilled 2,441 wells in 2008 with 98% success, and the results were exceptional. Excluding price-related reserve revisions, we added 584 million oil-equivalent barrels of proved reserves with the drill bit. That was more than double the 238 million equivalent barrels we produced in 2008. Measured by
the associated capital, we added these proved reserves at very competitive finding and development costs.
No area contributed more to Devon’s 2008 reserve additions than
the Barnett Shale in north Texas. We drilled 659 Barnett Shale wells in 2008, including our 2,000th horizontal well, and added 1.6 trillion cubic feet of natural gas-equivalent reserves with the drill
bit. Production from the Barnett also continued its upward trajectory. We increased year-over-year net production 31% compared with 2007 and exited the year producing nearly 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas equivalent per day from our Barnett Shale wells.
In east Texas, the success of our horizontal drilling programs drove production to record levels in two key areas during 2008. In the Carthage area, we grew net production 12% to more than 300 million cubic feet of gas per day, and in the Groesbeck area we increased production 41% to more than 100 million cubic feet per day. In Oklahoma, we drove our net Woodford Shale production up 165% to 64 million cubic feet of
gas equivalent per day. In the Rocky Mountains, our ongoing development
of the Big George coal in the company’s Powder River Basin natural gas project drove production to an all-time high of 100 million cubic feet equivalent per day.
In Canada, we steadily ramped up production throughout 2008 from our 100%-owned Jackfish project. Jackfish production is expected to reach 35,000 barrels of oil per day in 2009 and produce at that rate for more than 20 years. In early September we obtained regulatory approval and began site preparation for Jackfish 2, a second 35,000 barrel a day project. We expect to have Jackfish 2 operational in 2011.
Also during 2008, we moved forward with all four of our Lower Tertiary discoveries in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. We continued our development project at Cascade where we expect
first production in mid-2010. We drilled successful appraisal wells at Jack, St. Malo and Kaskida, and we expect to select a final joint-development concept for Jack and St. Malo in late 2009 or early 2010.
Operational success in North America also has enabled us to reduce our investments in the international arena. We first announced plans to exit Africa in 2007, and in 2008 we finalized the sales of all our African producing properties. Strong oil prices and a robust market
for high-quality international properties helped generate after-tax sales proceeds of more than $2 billion.
Also in 2008, we redeployed these sales proceeds in emerging growth
plays in North America. Among those opportunities is the 1.4 million net-
acre position we have built in four new unconventional natural gas plays. This includes 153,000 net acres in Canada’s Horn River Shale, 570,000 net acres in the Haynesville Shale, 112,000 net acres in the Cana-Woodford Shale in Oklahoma and 575,000 net acres in the Cody natural gas play in Montana. These four plays have an aggregate estimated net risked resource potential to Devon of more than 25 trillion cubic feet of gas equivalent.
Responding with Caution
While 2008 was marked by record
oil and gas prices and activity levels, we are dealing with a very different reality
in 2009. Oil and natural gas prices have fallen dramatically. We have responded
by cutting our 2009 exploration and development capital budget by more than half. This will allow us to preserve our strong balance sheet, yet continue to fund longer-term projects such as the Jackfish 2 oil development in Canada, our four significant Lower Tertiary discoveries in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and our high-impact exploration program offshore Brazil. These projects will add production in 2010 and beyond when we expect
the markets for oil and natural gas to be stronger.
In the near term, we believe it is prudent to reduce development drilling on our shorter cycle-time projects in North America. Rather, we will preserve liquidity and maintain our operational capacity
so we can respond aggressively when economic conditions rebound. With over 27,000 undrilled locations representing many years of drilling inventory and growth potential, Devon is poised to maintain its position as a leading U.S.- based independent oil and gas producer.


A Culture of Success
Responsible for Devon’s success
are some of the most talented people
in our industry. Among their greatest accomplishments is the collaborative culture our employees have all helped to create. Ours is a culture where people exhibit integrity, strive for excellence and have energetic perseverance in the face of obstacles. These attributes were so clearly demonstrated before and after Hurricane Ike struck the Houston area in early September.
In addition to caring for the needs of their own homes and families in the wake of the storm, our employees along the coast saw quickly to the safety
and preservation of Devon’s oil and
gas assets. Following Hurricane Ike, employees donated their time and more than $36,000 to help fellow employees impacted by the storm. It is this can-do spirit that landed Devon on Fortune magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” list for the second consecutive year.
When I look to the coming years
I have every reason to be optimistic about Devon’s future. In addition to our talented and dedicated staff, we have an unmatched portfolio of oil and gas
properties and one of the strongest balance sheets among our peers. As a result of the current economic climate, the oil and natural gas industry is dramatically reducing activity levels. This is setting the stage for a strong recovery in oil and gas prices. And when that
time comes, Devon will be positioned to prosper.
J. Larry Nichols
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2009
  A Tribute to John W. Nichols
by Larry Nichols
The Devon family was deeply saddened by the passing of my father and company co-founder, John W. Nichols, in August. Dad was an innovator with a bold entrepreneurial spirit. The oil and gas industry was his passion, and there are many things for which he will be remembered.
In 1950, Dad and three partners began a small oil and
gas company named Blackwood & Nichols. From this base he formed the first public oil and gas drilling fund ever registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. His partnership concept was adopted by many others and became an important funding vehicle for the oil and gas industry. Early investors in the Blackwood & Nichols drilling funds that Dad created were participants in developing natural gas in New Mexico’s San Juan Basin. This later became known as the Northeast Blanco Unit, a field that is still producing nearly 60 years later with Devon as operator.
My father’s pioneering spirit continued in 1971, when
he asked me to join him in the creation of Devon Energy Corporation. Starting with just four employees and no oil and gas assets, we strategically grew Devon through both good and bad times in the industry. In 1988, we took Devon public. Dad was chairman of the board of directors from 1971 until he was named chairman emeritus in 1999.
He received numerous awards
and honors
throughout his
career. Most
notable was his
induction into
the Oklahoma
Hall of Fame in
1987. In 2003,
the University of
Oklahoma honored
him with the
inaugural Oklahoma
Trailblazer Award for outstanding leadership in the energy industry. oil and Gas Investor magazine listed him in 1999 among the “100 Most Influential People of the Petroleum Industry in the Twentieth Century.”
Today, the company my father co-founded shares many of his attributes – optimism about the future, creativity in solving problems, resourcefulness in exploiting opportunities and above all else, honesty in dealing with everyone. Dad will be truly missed, but his legacy lives on at Devon today.
 John W. Nichols, Chairman Emeritus 1914 – 2008

