 Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders: For Devon Energy Corporation, 2005 was a year defined by accomplishment. Many are readily apparent: oil and gas reserves, revenues, cash flow, earn- ings and earnings per share all climbed to record levels. However, other significant accomplishments are less obvious.
RECORD DRILLING BuDGET YIELDS SIGNIFICANT GROWTH
At about $4 billion, Devon’s 2005 capital budget rep- resented the highest level of exploration and development investment in our history. And the results of this capital program were a resounding success. We added almost 440 million equivalent barrels of proved oil and gas reserves during the year—nearly double the 226 million barrels we produced. Furthermore, we added these reserves almost entirely with the drill bit at very attractive finding and development costs. Devon’s 2005 reserves growth resulted from drilling activity across our core North American asset base. onshore in the United States and Canada, we invested $3.3 billion and drilled about 2,260 successful wells.
the barnett Shale continues to be our most signifi- cant area in the United States for growth in oil and gas reserves. the barnett is the largest natural gas field in texas, and Devon is the largest producer in the field. Drill- ing 217 barnett wells in 2005, we added 690 billion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves, or more than triple our barnett production for the year. In addition to growing barnett reserves dramatically, we also increased our barnett production. Late in the fourth quarter our daily production reached an all-time high of 580 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day. Continuing this growth trajectory, we are targeting an exit rate of 630 million cubic feet equiva- lent per day from the barnett Shale in 2006.
In Canada, during 2005 we added the first 118 mil- lion barrels of reserves at our Jackfish oil sands project—a project we initiated in 2003. We expect to eventually recover a total of 300 million barrels of oil at Jackfish. When fully operational in 2008, we expect this 100% Devon-owned project to produce 35,000 barrels of oil per day, and to do so for more than 25 years, without decline. In addition, we are evaluating the area around Jackfish for the potential to double, or possibly even triple, the size of the project.
the barnett Shale and Jackfish projects are only two examples of the many projects across North America that cur- rently contribute to Devon’s growth. I invite you to explore these projects and numerous others in more detail in the Portfolio of oil and Gas Properties beginning on page 19.
BuILDING FOR THE LONG RuN
For several years in Devon’s annual reports, I have dis- cussed our commitment to achieve sustainable success over the long term. In a world where oil and gas are increasingly scarce commodities, simply developing low-risk opportunities in our existing producing areas is not enough. We believe that in order to ensure sustainable growth over the longer term, we must invest today in projects that can provide an uninter- rupted stream of growth opportunities tomorrow. our actions reflect this resolve. For several years we have been investing hundreds of millions of dollars annually on these longer-term projects. Although these projects do not provide immediate results, this strategy is paying off. While Devon’s core North American assets delivered the 2005 reserves growth, perhaps more important were the projects that set the stage for con- tinued growth in the future.
In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we drilled delinea- tion wells on both our Cascade and Jack prospects in the lower tertiary trend. the information gained from these wells boosts our confidence that these exciting discoveries may soon lead to full-scale development. the next step toward a development decision, an extended production test, is now under way at Jack. Flow rates, pressure data and other res- ervoir measurements will enable Devon and its partners to select a development approach and optimize the design of production facilities.
   6

Assuming the lower tertiary can be economically devel- oped, it will be a new producing horizon in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Devon, with three delineated discoveries in hand and a leading acreage position in the play, is ideally positioned to benefit from this emerging resource.
Also in 2005, we sanctioned the development of Polvo. Devon operates and owns 60% of this 2004 oil discovery in the Campos basin offshore brazil. Platform fabrication is cur- rently under way and we expect first production in the sec- ond half of 2007. this initial development should establish about 50 million barrels of proved reserves. Furthermore, in 2006 we plan to drill three additional wells in the area in an attempt to expand the project.
In addition to first production at Polvo, 2007 will also bring us a significant increase in oil production from Azerbai- jan. Devon’s 5.6% carried interest in the ACG field is subject to payout provisions that we should satisfy in the first half of 2007. At that point, Devon’s share of ACG production will jump to between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil per day from the current 1,300 barrels per day.
GuLF STORMS BRING CHALLENGES AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS
the storms that devastated portions of the U.S. Gulf Coast in 2005 touched Devon in many ways. Dozens of Devon’s Gulf area employees lived directly in the path of hurricanes, and a number of employees lost their homes in the storms. In the face of personal hardships, those employees remained incred- ibly dedicated to ensuring that Devon’s personnel and assets were safeguarded. I am both humbled by their dedication and proud of their performance.
I’m also very proud of the response of Devon’s employ- ees who were not directly impacted by the storms. Employees throughout the company responded with overwhelming gen- erosity and compassion for their fellow employees.
our Gulf team also did an excellent job of responding to the storms from an operational standpoint. As a result of the dedicated efforts of Devon’s employees, we had no injuries or reported spills throughout this entire ordeal and our sus- pended volumes were less than 3% of our 2005 production.
SHARPENING THE FOCuS
Devon increased oil and gas reserves during 2005 in spite of divesting properties during the year with reserves of more than 180 million equivalent barrels. these property sales completed a $2 billion divestiture program initiated in late 2004. the properties divested included those with high decline rates, limited growth potential, high operating costs and those that were outside our geographical areas of focus. Selling producing properties obviously reduces current oil and gas reserves and production. However, we believe the short-term impact will be more than offset by the longer-term benefits. We emerge from these divestitures with our efforts focused on an asset base that is more efficient to operate and of higher overall quality.
DELIVERING ON THE PROMISE
record 2005 earnings and cash flow coupled with the proceeds from the property divestitures provided Devon with unprecedented amounts of free cash. We deployed this capi- tal with a focus on optimizing value per share. In addition to successfully deploying the largest capital budget in our his- tory, we purchased $2.3 billion of our common stock in 2005, reducing outstanding shares by 8%. Also during the year, we repaid $1.3 billion in debt, reducing net debt to just 19% of adjusted capital. the bottom line? During 2005 we increased the proved oil and gas reserves behind each Devon share by 11% while reducing overall indebtedness.
DEFINING OuR FuTuRE
With our 2006 capital budget we expect to again add more than 400 million equivalent barrels of oil and gas reserves, entirely through drilling. And despite upward cost pressure and intense competition for equipment and person- nel, we expect to again deliver very competitive finding and development costs in 2006.
As I look ahead in 2006 and beyond, the opportunity for Devon has never been more clearly defined. We have a high-quality base of core properties delivering a steady stream of oil and gas reserves and production. We have the visibility of significant production growth from large-scale development projects already in hand, including the bar- nett Shale, Jackfish, Polvo and ACG. Furthermore, we have a large, high-quality inventory of exploration opportuni- ties and a skilled and dedicated workforce to fuel Devon’s growth into the next decade.
In this 2005 Annual report, we explore how Devon is defined by many of those whose lives have been touched by the company. You will hear from representatives of the invest- ment community, regulatory agencies, our employees, our business partners and members of the communities where Devon’s employees live and work. I am extremely proud of the values embodied by Devon and its employees and to hear these values reflected in the words of others.
I know of no one that has better exemplified the val- ues that Devon holds dear than long-time director, Michael Gellert. our friend recently retired after serving 35 years on Devon’s board. Mike’s contributions to the company’s success are immeasurable and deeply appreciated.
J. Larry Nichols
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
MArCH 10, 2006
Letter to Shareholders
  
