5We have abalanced strategyfor l o n g - t e r mL e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r ssuccess .6For Devon, 2001 was a year of great challenge andachievement. Oil and gas production climbed to recordhighs. Total revenues topped $3 billion, also an all-timerecord. We successfully drilled over 1,400 oil and gaswells and we completed the largest acquisition in ourhistory—driving oil and gas reserves to the highest levelsever. More importantly, oil and gas reserves per share,production per share and cash margin per share all roseto record levels. The year was clearly one of great growthand achievement for Devon. Yet lower oil and gas pricesat the end of 2001 led to a non-cash impairment chargeto the book value of our oil and gas properties.As a result, net earnings for 2001 declined.How can we make sense of all this?We operate in a volatile external environment.Oil and gas prices rapidly rise and fall inresponse to a myriad of psychological, meteorological,political and economic forces. Ourshort-term results reflect this volatility in oiland gas prices. However, Devon has deliveredsuperior performance over the long run bylooking beyond short-term price trends. Wehave focused our efforts on building concentrationsof high quality oil and gas properties that can beefficiently operated. We have strived to drill and acquireproperties that provide opportunities for future growth. Wehave positioned our operations in areas with access tostrong and growing markets for our products. And we havedisposed of properties that fail to meet these criteria. In2001, we made important progress in each of theseareas.On August 14, 2001 we announced the first of twomajor acquisitions—the purchase of Mitchell Energy. Justthree weeks later, on September 4, we announced asecond major transaction. After a year-long evaluation ofCanadian producer Anderson Exploration, we struck ana g reement to acquire that company. Because theAnderson acquisition was stru c t u red as an all-cashtender, we were able to complete it very quickly. OnOctober 15, 2001, less than two months after theannouncement, we closed the acquisition of Anderson.Because the Mitchell acquisition re q u i red a specialmeeting of each company’s shareholders to approve thedeal, it was necessary to file a proxy with the Securitiesand Exchange Commission. Following the Commission’sreview of the accounting treatment, reserve data andcompliance with other regulatory requirements related tothe two acquisitions, we held the shareholders’ meetings.On January 24, 2002, the transaction was completedfollowing overwhelming approval. These acquisitionsnearly doubled our proved oil and gas reserves, placingDevon among the largest independent energy companies.More importantly, the transactions provide Devon with anoutstanding array of internal growth opportunities.Undertaking two major acquisitions simultaneouslywas not a decision made lightly. Were it not for our extensiveexperience in integrating major acquisitions, wewould not have had the confidence to proceed with both.Their distinct geographic locations and tightly focusedoperations made the concurrent integration ofMitchell and Anderson possible. We dedicatedtwo separate integration teams to the effort.D e v o n ’s Canadian management team inCalgary, Alberta, is leading the integration ofAnderson. Our experienced U.S.-based team ishandling the integration of Mitchell.The Mitchell acquisition would not havebeen possible without the leadership andsupport of Mitchell’s founder and CEO, GeorgeMitchell. Following the acquisition, Mr.Mitchell’s son, Todd, joined Devon’s board ofdirectors. We welcome the Mitchell family as Devon shareholdersand Todd Mitchell as a Devon director.Balancing the Cost of Debt and EquityIn the acquisitions of Mitchell and Anderson, Devonissued approximately 30 million new shares and took onabout $6.7 billion in incremental debt. Our decision tofund the majority of the two transactions with debt ratherthan equity was based in part on the relative cost ofcapital. Because of the Federal Reserve’s efforts tostimulate the U.S. economy, interest rates were at historiclows. Further, with oil and gas prices entering a cyclicaldownturn, the stock prices of independent producers werewell off their 52-week highs. This diminished the attractivenessof using Devon’s stock as acquisition currency.We funded the cash portion of the acquisitions witha combination of a $3 billion five-year term note and$3 billion of 10- and 30-year debentures. Our averageinterest rate on this new debt is only 5% and we have nomeaningful principal repayment obligations until 2004.Furthermore, as of this writing, we have almost $1 billionin cash and unused credit lines. Even though we doubledthe size of the company, we retained financial flexibility.J. Larry NicholsDear Fellow Shareholder s7Balanced for GrowthThe Anderson acquisition provides Devon with anabundance of drilling opportunities in the We s t e rnCanadian Sedimentary Basin. Anderson spent decadesassembling its land positions and developing oil and gasproperties in western Canada. In recent years, Andersonwas also one of Canada’s most active acquirers of explorationland and seismic data. Devon inherits that explorationlegacy. Over a third of our 2002 drilling and facilitiesbudget is planned for Canada, and we expect Canadato be a major contributor to Devon’s growth far into thefuture.The Mitchell acquisition brings to Devon a major newgrowth asset in north Texas, the Barnett Shale. With over525,000 net acres in the play area, Devon has thedominant position. We acquired 800 wells that areproducing 350 million cubic feet of gas per day. Withthousands of potential drilling locations and drillingsuccess rates of almost 100%, we expect the BarnettShale to become Devon’s fastest growing producing area.In addition, Mitchell brings to Devon significant gas transmissionand processing facilities. These assets provideus with ready access to several major natural gas marketsincluding the rapidly growing Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex.In addition to the Mitchell and Anderson acquisitions,Devon added to its inventory of low-risk growthopportunities with the launch of a significant new coalbedmethane project. The production of natural gas fromu n d e rg round coal deposits, or “coalbed methane,”utilizes technology and expertise honed by Devon sincethe 1980s. Devon’s drilling success rate approaches100% in these low-risk gas projects. During 2001, Devonestablished a dominant position in the Cherokee coalbedmethane play in Kansas and Oklahoma. We acquired over400,000 net undeveloped acres, drilled more than 130wells and began construction of a major gas transmissionsystem. We expect the Cherokee coalbed methane projectto provide Devon with a source of gas reserves andproduction growth for years to come.In addition to dramatically expanding Devon’s oil andgas property base during 2001, we made significantprogress in bringing focus to our operations. The acquisitionsof PennzEnergy and Santa Fe Snyder in 1999 and2000 brought us many assets outside North America.Some of these assets were accompanied by drilling andcapital commitments. We said at that time that we wouldhonor these commitments, evaluate the results andnarrow the focus of our international operations. Our goalwas to keep a few select international areas that hadmeaningful potential for a company Devon’s size. Thatprocess is nearing completion. This will leave Devon withhigh-potential international assets in Azerbaijan, China andWest Africa. Also during 2001, we completed a thoroughreview of all of our North American assets. We identifiedproperties that had high operating costs, limited growthpotential or that were no longer significant to Devon. Inaggregate, the domestic and international assets that wehave identified for sale re p resent approximately 15% ofD e v o n ’s proved oil and gas reserves following the acquisitionof Mitchell. The sale of these properties will leaveDevon with a high-margin oil and gas property base withsignificant growth potential. As an added benefit, weexpect to generate sales proceeds in excess of $1 billionto be used primarily for debt repayment.A Balanced OutlookIn my letter in last year’s annual report, I cautionedthat while the oil and gas price outlook for 2001 remainedstrong, market conditions could change quickly. No onecould have known how true that warning would prove tobe. As of the writing of this letter, the natural gas price isless than half of that just one year ago. However, whenthe balance of supply and demand inevitably shifts againin favor of the producer, Devon stands ready to reap therewards.As I look ahead to the coming years I have everyreason to be optimistic about our future. The bold stepstaken during 2001 have positioned us with an oil and gasproperty base of exceptional quality. We have an enviablebalance of low-risk development projects and high-impactexploration opportunities. And, we have talented anddedicated staff spanning the organization. We have theright balance of resources to unlock for tomorrow the valuethat lies within Devon today.J. Larry NicholsCHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT ANDCEOMarch 18, 2002