 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
For Devon Energy Corporation, 2004 was a year of outstanding achieve- ment. As demonstrated by these key financial and operating metrics, the company delivered yet another record-breaking performance:
 LARRY NICHOLS
Chairman and CEO
• Net earnings climbed to $2.2 billion, or $4.38 per share, an all-time record.
• Total revenues soared to $9.2 billion, up 25% over our previous record set in 2003.
• Cash flow from operations grew 28% over 2003, to $4.8 billion, also an all-time record.
• Oil, gas and natural gas liquids production climbed 10%, to a record 251 million equivalent barrels.
• With drill-bit capital expenditures of $2.8 billion, we added 313 million barrels of oil and gas reserves through discoveries, extensions and performance revisions.
Devon’s 2004 financial performance allowed us to fully fund a robust capital program while simultaneously strengthening our balance sheet. We funded total capital expenditures of $3.1 billion, repaid almost $1 billion in debt and increased our cash and short-term investments to $2.1 billion at year-end. By the end of 2004, we had pro- vided for all debt maturities through 2007. Furthermore, Devon’s net debt to adjusted capitalization ratio declined during the year to a comfortable 27%.
Yes, the key metrics reflect that 2004 was the best year in Devon’s history. And yet, one must look beyond these numbers to discover many of the year’s most important achievements.
During 2004, we began to reap the rewards of our long-term value creation strategy. Devon’s foundation of high-quality North American oil and gas assets delivered profitable production and reserve additions. Onshore, in North America, we drilled 2,089 oil and gas wells with a 97% success rate. We increased production organically and added more oil and gas reserves than we produced.
In addition to funding the projects that delivered our 2004 reserves and production growth, our core North American properties generated significant quanti- ties of excess cash. This excess cash allowed us to make significant long-term investments as well. After years of investing in these longer-term projects, we are now beginning to realize the benefits. In late 2004, we received regulatory approval for our Jackfish thermal heavy oil project in Alberta. We expect to begin booking
oil reserves from Jackfish in 2005 and to see first produc- tion in 2007. When fully operational in 2008, this 100% Devon-owned project is expected to deliver 35,000 bar- rels of oil per day, without decline, for more than 20 years. Also during 2004, we made our third discovery in the emerging lower Tertiary play in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. In 2005, we plan to delineate these discover- ies and to continue to explore for new ones. In addition, we expect to test several high-impact prospects off the coast of West Africa this year. These wells are the culmi- nation of years of preparatory work.
Such long-term investments hold the promise to deliver significant additions of oil and gas reserves and production well into the next decade. While the first cash outlays were made years in advance of any possible contribution to production or earnings, these invest- ments captured significant value. They underscore our commitment to manage Devon to achieve sustainable success over the long run.
Devon’s commitment to long-term value creation is also reflected in recent decisions to upgrade our asset base. Since 2002, we have divested $330 million of non-core midstream assets. And in late 2004, we announced the decision to divest non-core oil and gas properties represent-
4 DEVON ENERGY ANNUAL REPORT 2004
 
 ing about 15% of our 2004 production. This decision was a result of our disciplined, fact-based approach to strategic planning. Throughout our history, we have periodically purged properties that no longer fit our portfolio. The sale of these non-core properties and the redeployment of the capital enhances our ability to create value over a longer time horizon. Following the divestitures, our efforts will be focused on a property base with lower operating costs, bet- ter capital efficiency and greater growth potential.
Another 2004 accomplishment not reflected in the numbers is the realignment and reinforcement of our sen- ior management team. In July 2004, Steve Hadden joined the company as senior vice president of exploration and production. He brings to Devon more than two decades of industry management experience. His influence on our operations is already being felt as Steve focuses his technical teams on creating incremental value throughout the explo- ration and production cycle.
Steve’s hiring followed two other senior management changes in early 2004. John Richels, previously head of Devon’s Canadian Division, relocated to Oklahoma City after being named Devon’s president. Brian Jennings, senior vice president, assumed the additional responsibilities of chief financial officer.
Perhaps Devon’s greatest accomplishment through- out our history has been the preservation of our culture. While we have grown into a sizeable company, with
“large-company” assets, we have maintained a small com- pany culture. We are relatively free of the politics, red tape and bureaucracy that can endanger the spirit of a large organization. And we continue to approach our business with the freedom to be creative and the power of teamwork.
As I look forward to 2005 and beyond, I see a future even brighter than our past. The world has entered a period where oil and gas are becoming increasingly scarce and valuable commodities. Devon is positioned to benefit from this environment with a large and profitable North American production base that provides dependable reserves and production growth. We are fortunate to have assembled an inventory of large-scale development projects that will provide low-risk growth opportunities through the remainder of this decade. This stable base is complemented by a dynamic, risk-balanced exploration program that pro- vides exposure to some of the highest potential areas in the world. And we have the technical, financial and human resources to compete anywhere we choose.
During the first half of 2005, we expect to realize about $1.5 billion in after-tax proceeds from our property divestitures. In addition, assuming oil and gas prices remain relatively strong, we will generate cash flow far in excess of our 2005 capital demands. We are committed to using these funds to generate incremental value per share. We can accomplish this through stock repurchases, debt reduction, dividends and incremental investments. We recognize that our asset divestiture program will reduce near-term produc- tion and earnings. However, we are confident our sharehold- ers will ultimately be rewarded for our focus on optimizing net value per share over the longer term. Furthermore, we are convinced that our collective patience will be well rewarded as Devon’s existing project inventory delivers sig- nificant top-line production growth over the coming years.
The theme of this 2004 annual report is Discovering Devon. The balance of the publication offers glimpses into the properties, the people, the strategies and the values that define our company. I invite you to explore these pages in order to know us better. I invite you to Discover Devon.
J. LARRY NICHOLS
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 11, 2005
 Oil, Gas and NGLs Production (MMBoe*)
Total Revenues
($ Billions)
Earnings per Share ($ Diluted)
                  00 01 02 03 04
Production of oil, gas and NGLs climbed to a record 251 million equiva- lent barrels...
* Gas converted to oil equivalent at the ratio of 6Mcf:1Bbl.
00 01 02 03 04
...driving revenues to a record $9.2 billion...
00 01 02 03 04
...and earnings per share to the high- est level in Devon’s history.
 DISCOVERING DEVON 5
  0.36 0.30
2.6 2.9
113 126
4.3
7.4
2.75
188
228
251
4.04
9.2
4.38
