 Letter to Shareholders
John Richels
President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Outstanding Results in a Challenged Environment
In 2011, Devon achieved outstanding results driven by the solid execution of our operational plans and the very successful completion of our strategic repositioning. Net earnings climbed to an all-time record of $4.7 billion. Cash flow totaled $6.5 billion and, when combined with the final proceeds from our strategic repositioning, total cash inflows reached nearly $10 billion. Production from our onshore North America asset base grew to an all-time record of 240 million oil equivalent barrels. Fourth quarter production increased 10 percent over the year-ago quarter, driven by an impressive 21 percent increase in oil and natural gas liquids production. Record production from each of our four core development areas – the Permian Basin, Jackfish, Cana and Barnett – contributed to this solid liquids growth.
Our excellent operating performance translated into another year of strong company-wide reserve growth, boosting year-end proved reserves to an all-time record 3 billion barrels equivalent. With our 2011 drilling program focused on oil and liquids-rich gas, our liquids reserve replacement ratio reached 230 percent. This boosted oil and natural gas liquids to 42 percent of the company’s total reserves, more than half of which is oil.
These results are even more impressive when considering the external environment. In 2011, uncertainties related to the global economy remained
at the forefront of almost all business activity throughout the world. In light
of that, the exploration and production industry faced a number of challenges. Most notable was the wide differential between oil and North American
natural gas prices. Although oil prices remained robust, averaging almost $95 per barrel during the year, natural gas prices decreased to an average of about $4 per thousand cubic feet in 2011. Oil prices were supported by strong demand from developing countries and concerns over global supply interruptions. North American natural gas prices, on the other hand, suffered from an oversupplied market. Rising activity levels for oil- directed drilling led to increased service and supply costs, further eroding industry operating margins for natural gas. Devon’s outstanding 2011 performance was delivered in spite of these industry challenges.
Successful Execution of Devon’s Strategy
Devon’s performance reflects our disciplined approach to managing the business. We remain steadfast in our commitment to drive value for our shareholders by maximizing cash flow on a per-share basis, adjusted for debt.
We execute this strategy by:
Drilling operations are directed from the doghouse control-room on this Devon operated rig in the Cana Woodford Shale. In 2011, Devon drilled more than 200 wells in the oil and liquids-rich Cana field.
      
  North American Onshore Proved Reserves (MMBoe)
North American Onshore Total Production (MMBoe)
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012E
2,273 2,198
         Investing in properties with high operating margins and returns
As we allocate capital to grow our business, it is critical that we remain intently focused on investing in those
projects with the highest rates of return. In addition, we are continually reinforcing our position as a low-cost producer through a consistent focus on cost-management and achieving significant scale in our core operating areas. In 2011, Devon’s pre-tax cash costs per equivalent barrel of production increased only 2 percent, mitigating much of the impact of an inflationary industry environment and an unfavorable move in the U.S./ Canadian dollar exchange rate.
Another vital factor enabling us to generate strong returns is our balanced exposure to oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. We have always believed that a balanced portfolio provides better risk-adjusted returns over the long term than one focused entirely on oil or natural gas. This philosophy has served us well as dry-gas economics have eroded in recent years. Our diversified portfolio provides the opportunity to easily refocus our capital on our deep inventory of oil and liquids-rich gas projects, without having to abruptly shift our emphasis or overpay to establish new liquids projects. In 2011, we allocated more than 90 percent of our upstream capital to our high-return oil and liquids-rich growth projects. In 2012, this allocation will approach 100 percent.
Most of our 2011 capital was focused on our cornerstone development projects. In early December, we received regulatory approval for our third, 35,000 barrel per day Jackfish oil sands project in Canada. Construction is underway and plant start-up is targeted for late 2014. The first phase of our Jackfish complex is producing near its 35,000 barrels of oil per day capacity. Jackfish is among the best performing Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD) projects in the industry with high per-well production rates, a low steam- oil-ratio and industry-leading operating costs. Our second Jackfish project exited the year producing 14,000 barrels of oil per day and will continue to ramp-up throughout 2012. Each of these 100 percent Devon-owned Jackfish projects represents an estimated 300 million barrels of recoverable oil
before royalties. To further leverage Devon’s SAGD expertise, we continued our delineation work on our Pike oil sand leases in 2012. Pike is immediately adjacent to Jackfish and is of similar reservoir quality. In aggregate, we expect our net SAGD oil production to grow to more than 150,000 barrels per day by 2020, representing an 18 percent compound annual growth rate through the end of the decade.
In the Mid-Continent region of the United States, we continued the development of our thousands of undrilled liquids- rich locations. In the Barnett Shale in North Texas, we increased fourth-quarter net production to a record 1.32 billion cubic feet equivalent per day, including 47,000 barrels per day of liquids. In the Cana Woodford Shale in western Oklahoma, net production increased to a record 275 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day at year-end, including more than 12,000 barrels of oil and natural gas liquids. To capture additional value from our growing liquids production, we are expanding our natural gas processing plants in each of these plays.
In the Permian Basin, we continue to leverage the horizontal drilling expertise we pioneered in the Barnett Shale. Today, we are the most active horizontal driller in the basin. This reflects the large opportunity set we have across our Permian position. In the current environment, these light oil plays are generating some
of the best returns in our portfolio. Oil and natural gas liquids production now accounts for roughly 75 percent of our total production from this prolific basin.
Balancing resource development with resource capture and exploration
In addition to our development opportunities, we continue
to bolster our oil project inventory by pursuing a wide range of exploration opportunities across North America. In the Permian and Western Canadian Sedimentary Basins, we are targeting
a variety of oil and liquids-rich plays that have emerged across
our more than 5 million net prospective acres. Given the recent advances in drilling and completions technology and the stacked- pay nature of these basins, our substantial legacy acreage positions provide Devon with many years of additional growth potential.
2,641 2,873
3,005
183
207
220 223
240
255

To further enhance our long-term growth, we have assembled high-impact positions across a number of new oil and liquids-rich plays. These include the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, several Rockies oil plays, the Mississippian, the Ohio Utica Shale and two plays in the Michigan Basin. Subsequent to establishing these positions, we entered into a joint venture with Sinopec International Petroleum Exploration & Production Corporation (SIPC) whereby SIPC will invest $2.5 billion in exchange for one- third of our 1.4 million net acres in these plays. This transaction enhances our returns and improves capital efficiency by:
• Recoveringourinvestmenttodateassociatedwith establishing and exploring on the acreage positions,
• Providingareductionincapitalrequirementsinthe
future,
• Acceleratingactivityinthesefivenewplayswithout
diverting capital from our core development projects,
and
• Givingusadditionalfinancialflexibilitytoaggressively
pursue new play types with less risk
We look forward to our new relationship with SIPC in the development of these projects.
Preserving financial strength and flexibility
In 2011, we were able to comfortably fund our capital program while maintaining our enviable financial position.
Our balance sheet remained exceptionally strong as we exited the year with $7.1 billion in cash and short-term investments and a net debt to capitalization ratio of only 11 percent. This financial strength and flexibility provides a compelling strategic advantage as we can allocate capital throughout all market cycles based on our long-term outlook for asset performance, commodity prices and the industry cost environment.
Exercising capital discipline
The foundation of our capital allocation philosophy remains steadfast – to optimize our long-term growth per share. We implement this philosophy by determining the right combination of exploration and development investments, debt levels, share repurchases and dividend payments.
In November, we completed our $3.5 billion share repurchase program initiated in May of 2010. Over the past eight years we have reduced our share count by almost 100 million shares, or roughly 20 percent of shares outstanding, significantly boosting our reserves, production and cash flow per share. During this same time period, we have also increased our dividend seven times or a total of 800 percent. This history of returning capital to shareholders underscores Devon’s financial strength and our commitment to exercising capital discipline.
Our vast inventory of exploration and development projects provides the opportunity to deploy significant quantities of capital for the foreseeable future. In 2011, we allocated more than $6 billion of capital to our upstream projects that generate attractive rates of return in the current environment.
Improving performance through our marketing and midstream operations
Complementing our core business, Devon’s strategic marketing and midstream presence allows us to improve our effectiveness and maximize the value of our production. Our marketing and midstream activities are closely coordinated alongside our exploration and production operations. This ensures that we employ our capital in areas where we can reliably and economically deliver our oil and gas into strong product markets. In addition, the expansions to our Barnett and Cana natural gas liquids extraction facilities will allow us to capture additional value from our liquids-rich production stream.
Outlook for 2012 and Beyond
As we embark on the next stage of our journey as a North American onshore company, I could not be more excited about our future. Our balanced portfolio of high-quality oil and gas properties coupled with our dedicated employees provide Devon a strong foundation for success. Devon is the only energy company to be named to both Fortune’s “World’s Most Admired Companies” and “Best Companies to Work For” lists in each of the past five years. This honor is a testament
to the strength of our corporate culture, which is shaped and reinforced by our team of talented employees.
In 2012, virtually all of our upstream capital will be
directed to our oil and liquids-rich growth projects. This capital program promises to deliver top-line production growth of approximately 6 percent driven by oil production growth in excess of 20 percent and double-digit growth in natural gas liquids production. By the end of the year, we expect our
liquids production to account for 40 percent of our total production, more than half of which will be oil. In addition
to the development projects that drive this growth, we will continue to enhance our future growth potential by accelerating our exploration activity and through opportunistic leasehold additions in new oil plays.
Having completed the strategic repositioning that we began in 2009, Devon has emerged as an extremely formidable competitor in North America. We have an industry-leading balance sheet that provides us the flexibility to invest at optimum levels. We have a deep portfolio of oil and liquids- rich growth projects that generate strong returns. We have
an aggressive exploration program that is replenishing our inventory for the future. And we have a highly skilled workforce capable of executing on a wide array of opportunities. We are truly positioned to deliver outstanding performance.
John Richels
President and Chief Executive Officer March 25, 2012
 