letter to shareholders
DixieÕs performance since the historic downturn of2008 - 2009 has been exceptional. Looking back atthe period since 2009, our carpet sales have grown68%, while we estimate that the industry grew onlyaround 12%. During this period, our residentialsales have grown 88%, while the industry is up lessthan 10%. Our commercial sales grew 28%, whilewe estimate that the industry was only up slightlygreater than 15%. The growth we have seen hasbeen driven by extensive investment in product,processes and people.The investments we have made have included bothcapital and operating expenditures, which haveimpacted our operating earnings during this timeperiod. Our sample expenses, as a percent of carpetsales for the period of 2009-2013, were 32% higherthan those for the period from 2006 through 2008.This emphasis on new products, we believe, hasbeen worth the expense, as it has allowed us to gainmarket share in a difficult time period. In addition,we have invested in yarn processing, new tuftingand rug technology, and new dyeing technology aswe have grown out of this unprecedented periodin our industry. Specifically, we increased our yarncapacity by over 40%. We purchased and started upour new space-dye line, providing us with additional
yarn capabilities. We have purchased and upgradedour tufting capabilities for added functionality andlower cost. We purchased, upgraded, and increasedthe capacity of our Colormaster dyeing facility overthe last 15 months. We acquired the top sellingproduct lines from a competitor. We expanded ourresidential and commercial sales forces. We investedin the Crown rug operation, moving it into ourCalifornia facility and expanding its productioncapacity. We bought and are currently integratingthe Robertex wool business into our Fabrica andMasland product lines.We brought in new management for our MaslandContract business, initiating a stream of newproducts to enhance our position within thespecified commercial market. We upgraded ourmodular carpet tile processing equipment to lowercost and improve margins. Further, we launchedthe Avant product line in 2013 and recentlyannounced both a joint venture and distributionagreement with Desso to expand our penetrationin the high-end hospitality market and bring a newset of innovative cradle-to-cradle modular carpettile products to the North American marketplace.Streamlining our warehouse and distributionnetwork is the remaining major investment needed to sustain this increase in sales growth. Theconsolidation of these functions into one facilitywill be implemented over a 15-month time period.The result from our investments has been a salesincrease of nearly 30% in 2013 as compared withthat of 2012. Our residential product sales were upover 28% for the year compared to those of 2012;while the industry, we estimate, was up in themid-single digit range. In the residential marketin 2013, we successfully introduced new products,utilizing the Stainmaster¨ TruSoftª and PetProtectªline of fibers: products that we took a lead positionin introducing to the marketplace. Additionally,we continued our double-digit growth in wool,continuing our new product success in serving thehigh-end marketplace.Last year our sales increase in commercial productswas 30% as compared with an estimated marketgrowth in the low single digits. Our commercialsuccess over the last year was led by the successfullaunch of our Speak modular carpet tile and ourFIT office remodel collections.All of these changes have come at a significant costto the company, both financially and in terms of expanding our workforce. Profitably managing thisgrowth is our primary objective as we progress in2014. As a result of these investments in the future,we have significant headroom for sales growth andthe talented people in place to make it happen.We would like to express our appreciation to ourcustomers, our shareholders, and to our Board ofDirectors, all of whom have given us continuedsupport, and to our associates for their ongoingdedication and hard work.Sincerely,Daniel K. FriersonChairman and Chief Executive OfficerMarch 12, 2014