Two thousand three was a year of tremendous progress for The Dixie Group. During
the year, we paid the final $50.0 million sales contingent obligation to the former share-
holders of Fabrica International, sold our North Georgia operations, substantially reduced
our debt, and significantly improved our strategic position. Our accomplishments in 2003
greatly enhanced our risk profile by dramatically improving our balance sheet and diversify-
ing our customer concentration. In essence, we begin 2004 as a new company – one now
focused on its core competencies, committed to its brands and the upper-end market, with
a strong balance sheet, and well positioned to take advantage of an improving economy.
Our business now is smaller, but more profitable and with greater growth potential. It is
concentrated in the segment of the soft floorcovering market, where innovative styling,
design, color, quality – as well as service and limited distribution – are welcomed and reward-
ed. Through Masland, Fabrica, and Dixie Home brands, we have a significant presence in
the high-end of the soft floorcovering market. Our brands are well known, highly regarded
and complementary. By being differentiated, we offer meaningful alternatives to the dis-
criminating customer.
•FABRICA
is one of the premier brands within the luxury segment of residential carpet
market, with a reputation among interior designers, selected retailers and furniture stores
as a styling trendsetter with superior patterns and colors.
•MASLAND
has strong brand recognition within the high-end residential and commercial
markets, and a longstanding reputation with interior designers, architects, specifiers and
selected retailers for development of products with innovative styling, color and design.
•DIXIE HOME
was introduced last year as a brand to provide stylishly designed, differen-
tiated products that offer affordable fashion through selected retailers. Our objective is
to make Dixie Home the line of choice for styling, service and quality in the more mod-
erately priced sector of the high-end market. Thus far, acceptance of the Dixie Home
brand has been exceptional, with sales in the fourth quarter achieving an annualize run
rate of $25 million. We expect that run rate to double by the end of the year, with the
introduction of new products in January at the Surfaces floor covering trade show.
Our commitment to our brands and the upper-end of the market led to the sale of our
North Georgia operations. While this sale had a negative short-term impact on our results
due to impairment and other charges, it left us with a much stronger balance sheet and has
allowed us to transform into a rapidly growing, high-margin business. Our outlook for 2004 is promising. Carpet sales were up 10% for all of 2003 and up
over 21% during the fourth quarter alone due to the positions we have established in growth
markets. This trend has continued into the first quarter of 2004. Over half of this growth
was and continues to be generated from Fabrica and Masland, where new product intro-
ductions are driving more business through existing customers.
We believe improvement in consumer confidence is having a positive impact on our
industry, particularly with higher-end products, which we expect will result in sales growth
of 15% to 20% in 2004. The increased volume should help us maintain our margin levels.
We have ample capacity to facilitate this growth without large expenditures, but we will
invest in the equipment necessary to continue enhancing our style and design capabilities.
Peter L. Smith and Lovic A. Brooks, Jr. are retiring from The Dixie Group’s Board of
Directors, effective with this year’s annual meeting. Peter joined the Board in 1987 and
Lovic has been a member since 1993. Each has provided insightful leadership and sound
advice as we developed and initiated our strategies for the future.
Over the past year, we have built a stronger company and have made progress in nearly
all areas of measurement. Our safety record again was the best ever. Our partnerships with
our customers and suppliers, the commitment of our associates, and the support and confi-
dence of our Board of Directors and shareholders have all been essential to our success. We
wish to thank each of these important stakeholders for their loyal support during the past
year, and look forward to reporting on our continuing progress as 2004 unfolds
Sincerely,
Daniel K. Frierson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 26, 2004
