Dixie saw a year of changes in 2012. Although our sales were up slightly in 2012, versus the prior year on acomparable 52-week basis, we have been building a foundation that will create optimal opportunity for significantsales growth in 2013. 2012 was a year of swings in the marketplace: we had a strong first quarter, due to consumersentiment and external factors, followed by a disappointing summer, then returned to an above industry averagegrowth in the last quarter of the year. Though 2012 was not satisfactory from a profitability standpoint, we saw ashift in the overall market dynamics that leads us to be more confident for the future. In the residential market,we have seen rising existing home sales, driven by higher consumer confidence and low interest rates, pointingto a stronger 2013. From a commercial perspective, businesses have excess cash and appear willing to spend iton projects that will drive their sales growth. Finally, now that the distraction of the election and the fiscal cliffare behind us, we see the consumer more confident as the stock market has returned to the highest levels sincethe financial crisis of 2008. Despite the industry uncertainties during the past year, we have developed severalgrowth initiatives to take advantage of these improving market conditions.Operationally, we expanded our yarn operation in 2012 and are in the process of expanding it again in 2013.We will have a combined increase of 43% in our yarn capacity within the two-year period. In addition, we reestablishedour Eton tufting operations, as well as simplified our Atmore operations to increase throughput andto lower cost. Late in 2012, we purchased the Colormaster continuous dyeing facility, allowing us to expandour product offering at improved margins once the conversion of our styles is complete late in 2013. We willtriple ColormasterÕs output in 2013 as we convert our existing products to utilize this technology. The cost ofimplementing this conversion will negatively impact earnings initially but will become positive by the end of2013. Further, we purchased an existing rug supplier to increase the supply for our successful Infinity and Rugs4.0 wool programs. In addition, we have modified our tufting equipment for modular carpet tile so that we canbetter respond to market demands by using a make-to-order model that improves throughput times and reducesinventory. Finally, we have installed new raw material processing for our modular carpet tile business to lowercost and improve delivery.Our commercial product sales declined 11% in 2012, relative to the prior year on a comparable 52 week basis,while industry sales were up in the low single digits. As a result, we installed a new management team to leadour commercial business. Under their direction, we have re-aligned the sales force to expand our reach in 2013,both by geography and by industry sector to better target specific markets. In addition, we are launching Speak,which offers high styled products with a strong infusion of color play, and which allows the design community tospecify products on budget without sacrificing the design aesthetic. These initiatives have already shown promise,as we are already seeing increased sales early in 2013 that exceed those of 2012.letter to shareholders2012 Annual Report2208 South Hamilton StreetDalton, Georgia 30721-4974Further, we are in the process of launching Avant Contract, a new commercial business dedicated to focus on thecorporate office market through multiline sales agents, who will carry a broad array of products for the corporateinteriors market. Combined, we believe that these initiatives in the commercial marketplace will strengthen ourposition for the future and will deliver sales growth in excess of the market growth in 2013.In the residential marketplace in 2012, we introduced new products using Stainmaster¨ TruSoftª, the newstandard of ÒsoftÓ in the floorcovering market, and Stainmaster¨ SolarMaxª, with inherent stain and faderesistance technology. We are pleased with marketplace acceptance of these products, which has helped us togrow faster than the industry overall. Late in 2012, we purchased eight product lines from a competitor, in orderto expand our footprint in the retail sector. As part of this initiative for 2013, we have new displays to expandour product offering, and an increased sales force to expand our geographic coverage and to increase our numberof retail customers.From a financial standpoint, we invested $4 million in normal capital expenditures and $9 million in ourColormaster and rug acquisitions. In 2013, our capital expenditures are expected to be $8 million, while ourdepreciation and amortization are estimated to be approximately $10 million. We are focused on improving ourreturn-on-assets as we implement programs to take advantage of the make-to-order capabilities that we have withthe Colormaster continuous dye line and with the quick-change tile tufting equipment.Going forward, our goal continues to be satisfying our customers with beautiful products and outstanding service.To meet this goal, we will continue to make significant investments in these growth initiatives in 2013. Our 2013plan is aggressive in pursuit of sales growth, but it positions us for a more profitable long-term future. As we leavebehind the most difficult period ever experienced by our industry and our company, we are optimistic about thefoundation we are building for the future.We would like to express our appreciation to our customers, our shareholders, and to our Board of Directors,all of whom have given us continued support, and to our associates for their ongoing dedication and hard work.Sincerely,Daniel K. FriersonChairman and Chief Executive OfficerMarch 12, 20132012 Annual Report2208 South Hamilton StreetDalton, Georgia 30721-4974