Letter to Shareholders,

2016 was a year of adjustment and change, both in the marketplace and in our company. We had multiple challenges during the year. The market did not cooperate as the soft floor covering industry sales were affected by both the general economy slowdown during the election cycle and the continued shift to hard surfaces. We struggled with our commercial product sales and the continued shift to modular carpet tile. Finally, internally we had a major inventory adjustment during the first and fourth quarters with production significantly below sales, severely impacting our results. 
Despite this difficult year from a profit perspective, we have made several significant changes to improve our results in the future. We completed our restricting earlier in the year, setting the stage for a more productive manufacturing environment. This completes the separation of our east coast commercial and residential businesses. Our claims expense has declined significantly as our workforce training has taken effect, improving our quality. We refinanced our debt, pushing out the maturity until 2021. We have reduced our inventory to levels in line with our sales and reflecting the improvements in reduced waste and shorter throughput times. Our service is back in line with customer expectations. At the year end, the industry announced a price increase based on many increases in cost of both labor and raw material. This increase included both residential and commercial products. 
We launched a series of new distinctive products in our residential market in 2016. Our Fabrica brand continues to create patterns that maintain our history of elegant fashion, such as "This and That" with a hint of texture with tonal variations that create contrast and visual depth with a pointillist touch. With the introduction of many beautiful new products, and the disruption of the restructuring behind us, our residential brands should continue to outperform the industry. 
Commercially last year we lagged the industry due to our lack of growth in modular carpet tile products. We have addressed this issue through multiple changes. The first action has been to promote David Hobbs to President and Don Dolan to Executive Vice President of Sales of Masland Contract. David's background serving the modular carpet tile marketplace with Don's strengths in our traditional specified designer market we feel will get us back on track with this important area of growth. Secondly, we moved our Avant offering into Masland Contract brand to give these products greater exposure. Both our Atlas and Masland Contract brands are ramping up the number of product launches for 2017, expanding both the styling and prices points we service, particularly in modular carpet tile. New products, including the Atlas successful launch of our Bellissimo Collection, made with our multi-color Visionweave technology and Masland Contract's success with Lava, show how we are regaining momentum in this market. We are beginning to see the results of this effort in our current business. 
In the coming years the housing market will be in the middle of two massive demographic waves, millennials and baby boomers, with both groups driving demand for at least the next decade. This trend should provide steady growth in the floor covering market. We are particularly pleased with the growth in single family housing and the rate of existing home sales. In addition there has been a significant change in the flooring marketplace as hard surface products have grown at a rate much faster than soft surface products over the  last several years. Today, on a square foot basis, hard surface flooring makes up approximately 45% of the floor covering market. We have responded to this accelerated shift to hard surface flooring by launch ing several initiatives in both our residential and commercial brands. We introduced the Calibre line of luxury vinyl tile products in the fall of 2016 through our Masland Contract brand. Masland Contract has Brough their own unique styling to the market as they do with their soft flooring categories. These products have been engineered for high performance , available for quick delivery, with exceptional styling and a great value. 
Residentially, our Dixie Home and Masland Residential brands are supplying  Stainmaster PetProtect luxury vinyl tile which includes a "Claw Scratch Shield" coat-ing to help resist scratching from pets along with "Pet Traction Action" for pet paws. With its resistance to liquid absorption, the new LVT flooring effectively resists pet orders and stains. Dixie Home will be offering this superior residential product line with a limited lifetime warranty while Masland will be offering PetProtect line featuring a limited lifetime residential warranty and a 12-year limited commercial warranty, one of the heaviest wear layers available in the industry, keeping us a step ahead of the competition. As the primary supplier with the StainMaster PetProtect luxury vinyl tile product offering, we feel that our residential business is carving our a high end niche that meets the needs of the more discerning customer. Finally, we are planning to launch a high end engineered wood line through our Fabrica brand that will offer more sophisticated looks and sizes to the design channels we currently serve. 
We see this next year as one in which we will continue to emphasize cost reduction projects and continued operational improvements as we forge new areas of growth in our existing soft surface and new hard surface markets. We are optimistitc about our opportunities as the country settles down after a year of dramatic swings both politically and economically. We have hired T.M Nuckols, formerly of Invista, to succeed Paul Comiskey as head of our residential business as Paul plans to retire in early 2018. Paul has built a fine team of professionals in the residential market as he has led the consolidation of our three residential brands into a cohesive unit. T.M., long acquainted with Dixie, brings a history of supporting differentiated branded product in the soft floor covering market. 
We want to thank all of our associates for all of the hard work they have been through this past year, and we appreciate their efforts to move us forward to sustained profitability. We appreciate both our investors and our board of directors for their input during this period of changes in the marketplaces And, as we continue to supple fine floor covering products that meet the style, design,, and quality standards our customers have come to expect from us, we would like two thank them for the support that they have shown us throughout the past year.