                       LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
We began 2006 with new leadership in our Masland Residential and Fabrica businesses and a new distribution center in North Georgia, where we were in the process of adding tufting capability. Our West Coast facilities had been consolidated from three facilities to two in 2005, and we had installed equipment at our Saraland, Alabama, facility to start a new modular/carpet tile operation. Renewing our focus on the quality of our products and the service we provide our customers, we invested heavily in our facilities and equipment to provide for future growth, better service, and operational efficiencies. These investments continued through the first half of 2006, significantly enhancing our ability to grow our sales in both dollars and units, which returned our operations to more historical growth rates.
The carpet industry’s business softened significantly in the second half of 2006. Despite this market weakness and one less operating week in 2006, our carpet sales continued to outpace the industry. Adjusting for the extra week in 2005, our 2006 carpet sales grew 6.7% in dollars and 7.9% in units. During this same period, the carpet industry’s sales declined 0.6% in dollars and 6.5% in units. Over the past five years, our carpet business has grown in dollars and units at compounded annual growth rates of 12.6% and 12.7%, respectively, while the overall carpet industry grew its sales dollars at a 4.1% compounded annual growth rate and its sales units declined slightly. Our focus on high-end markets, which we believe are growing faster than the overall carpet industry, and our dedication to the development of new differentiated products contributed to our success.
Although we are faced with an uncertain economy as we enter this year, we expect to continue to grow our businesses and improve our profitability. Our modular/carpet tile products, introduced last year, have been exceptionally well received in our markets. The start-up cost of this operation had a negative impact on our results last year but these expenses should decline as sales grow. We expect these products to make a positive contribution to our results in the last half of this year. On the residential side of our business, Dixie Home continued its leadership position by introducing a new Dixie Home and Office collection of Stainmaster® commercial products, which will be sold through residential retail channels. Masland and Fabrica will both introduce wool product collections this year to complement their existing product lines.
We invested $16.4 million in capital expenditures in 2006, approximately $4.9 million higher than our depreciation and amortization. We also expended $2.6 million to terminate a legacy defined benefit retirement plan, but improved our balance sheet. Total debt was reduced by $5.2 million to $89.0 million, or 39.6% of total capitalization, and working capital utilization improved.
104 Nowlin Lane, Suite 101 Chattanooga,Tennessee 37421

                       LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Although the carpet industry began showing significant weakness in the last half of the year, and our own business was soft as we started 2007, we are cautiously optimistic about the opportunities ahead of us and are encouraged by:
• Our favorable sales comparisons to the industry in both units and dollars;
• Higher gross margins and lower selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales in the last half
of last year;
• Improved product quality trends;
• Higheraveragesellingpricesandbetterproductmix;
• Raw material prices that appear to have stabilized; and
• Recent capital investments can accommodate over 40% growth without requiring further major
expenditures for infrastructure, and we expect to cover more of the fixed costs associated with these investments as our business grows.
Over the past year, we have built a stronger company that is well positioned to take advantage of the
opportunities we expect when the soft floorcovering economy improves. Our partnership with our customers and suppliers, the commitment of our associates, and the confidence of our Board of Directors and shareholders all have been essential to our success.
We would like to express our appreciation to our shareholders for their continued support and confidence and to our associates for their hard work and dedication.
Sincerely,
Daniel K. Frierson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2007
104 Nowlin Lane, Suite 101 Chattanooga,Tennessee 37421
 