In 1920, Dixie Mercerizing Company was founded as a producerof mercerized cotton yarns for the hosiery trade. In response tochanges in the textile market, we strategically made the decision tomove into the carpet business and sold off all of our textile assetsthroughout the 1990Õs. We further narrowed our focus on the upperendsegment of the soft floorcovering market with the divestiture ofour North Georgia operations and the establishment of Dixie HomeDivision in the early 2000Õs. We experienced significant growth from2004 until 2007 and then, like the rest of the soft floorcoveringindustry, suffered a 40% decline in sales during the recession.During that recessionary period, we developed a plan to acceleratethe introduction of new products that has fueled our growth since2009. For the period of 2010 through 2015, our growth has beenover 100% with 85% of that being internal growth while the industryis up 11%. In 2013, we experienced a 30% increase in sales. Suchgrowth exceeded our expectations, requiring us to fundamentallyrethink our business as we expanded capacity. We began a series offacility consolidation and restructuring projects that streamlined ourMasland and Dixie Home business in North Georgia. We also focusedour South Alabama facilities on the Masland Contract and MaslandHospitality brands. We integrated Atlas Carpet Mills into our WestCoast dyeing and South Alabama modular carpet tile operations andconsolidated a series of rented facilities into primarily corporate-ownedfacilities. This plan increased our overall capacity by over 50%. Thisfacility consolidation effort has affected every facility we own.In 2015, we completed the integration of Atlas Carpet Mills into ourWest Coast dye operations. We have integrated our recently purchasedcomputerized yarn placement operations and launched theMasland Hospitality line as a means to promote this significant additionto our existing product offerings in the hospitality marketplace.We made the decision to expand our Avant series of products bymerging their salesforce into our Masland Contract brand. We havecompleted all of the consolidation plans with the exception of the moveof our Saraland, Alabama rug operation into our company-ownedSaraland facility planned for early 2016. Finally, we merged threeoffices into our new corporate office in Dalton, Georgia.This consolidation was more difficult than originally planned due to twoprimary factors. First, we experienced a dramatically changed labormarket in 2014 and 2015, as we no longer could easily recruit individualswith previous industry experience. As a result, our new associatesrequired extensive training and we experienced significantly higherlabor turnover than we had in the period immediately prior to ourexpansion. Second, we had counted on a stronger market than weexperienced in 2015. While our carpet sales were up 4.5% in 2015,we believe the industry was down for the year. We responded to thismarket shift by adjusting our plans for a period of lower sales growth.Further, though we have nearly completed the physical moves, it willbe well into 2016 until we have overcome all of the obstacles of higherclaims expenses and lower product yield that came from productmade during this time frame. We have installed improved qualityL E T T ER TO SH A REHOL DERS,0 2 | T H E D I X I E G R O U P , I N C .2 0 1 5 A N N U A L R E P O R T | 0 3We believe the consumer preference for innovative fashion and betterquality products continue to provide us with the opportunity to grow ourbusiness and outperform the industry.Ó Òsystems, thus insuring only good quality product will be shipped toour customers, but we still have a higher waste percentage than wehave had historically. Further, we are still experiencing higher claimscosts from product shipped in 2014 and 2015.With the uncertainty in the world markets, reflected in a depressedstock market and turmoil in our energy markets, compounded bythe volatility of an election year, we see 2016 as a year of modestgrowth. As we enter 2016, our plans include fine-tuning the organization.We have also made significant progress in bringing in neweryarn-winding technologies to improve yarn yields and reduce waste.We have been refining our production processes to increase qualitylevels and will be continuing these efforts to further improve ourquality. We have taken actions to focus on lowering cost in multipleareas including logistics, materials purchasing and general administrativeoperations. In addition, we have lowered our sampling expensesas compared to 2015, a period with particularly high new productintroduction costs. Finally, we continue to strengthen our sales presencein key markets around the country. As we look forward tocompleting our facility consolidation plans, our emphasis will be onreducing debt and improving our balance sheet with lower capitalexpenditures needed for the immediate future.As we have taken the long view, building a foundation for the futurewith a platform that can support future growth, we remember thatour company has been built by men and women with a vision ofserving their customers. We are celebrating the 150th year ofMasland Carpets and invite you to view the pages, showing thechanges that Masland has been through in the past century and ahalf: from converting the facility during World War I & II to makesupplies for the military to moving from wool into nylon productsin the 1950Õs. Similarly, Dixie, celebrating its own 95th birthdaythis year, has a legacy of adapting to a changing marketplace as ithas moved from being a producer of mercerized cotton yarns to amanufacturer of soft floorcovering products.We want to thank our associates for all of the hard work they havebeen through this past year, and we appreciate their efforts to moveus forward to sustained profitability. We appreciate both our investorsand our board of directors for their input during this period ofchange. And, as we continue to produce fine carpets and rugs thatmeet the style, design and quality standards our customers havecome to expect from us, we would like to thank them for the supportthat they have shown us throughout the past year.Sincerely,DANIEL K. FRIERSONChairman and Chief Executive OfficerMarch 24, 2016