Since 2009, our carpet sales have grown 96%,while we estimate that the industry grew around12%. This has been the result of a growth planwe put together in 2010 to take advantage ofwhat we felt were unique market opportunities.However, we have had challenges as a result ofthis growth. Our 2010 growth plan was for 10%growth per year, however, we became capacityconstrained in 2013 as our sales grew over 30%.As a result, in 2014 we accelerated our planto grow our capacity from $350 million to arange of $550 to $600 million, depending uponproduct mix. In addition, we purchased AtlasCarpet Mills, a premium provider to the highendcommercial market. Further, we purchasedBurtco, a specialty provider to the hospitalitymarketplace. Therefore, 2014 was a year ofbusiness integration, capacity expansion andfacility realignment, which impacted virtuallyall of our facilities. In the first half of 2015, wewill have completed substantially all of ourbusiness integration, facility consolidation andcapacity expansion plans.The investments we have made included bothcapital expenditures and temporary increasesin operating costs due to implementation ofthe capacity expansion plan. We began theyear by expanding capacity at Colormaster, ourcontinuous dyeline. We completed the trainingand full commissioning of our expandedRoanoke yarn facility. We acquired and beganthe integration process of Atlas Carpet Mills.We expanded our Eton residential tuftingoperations, doubling the number of machinesin service. We realigned our Calhoun wooloperations, a change designed to increasecapacity and lower cost. Further, we moved thefinished goods for our residential East Coastbusiness to our newly opened Adairsville facility,consolidating four warehousing operationsinto one facility. We added continuous yarndyeing capability to our Colormaster facilityand expanded our yarn skein dye operations inCalhoun. Similarly, we shut down our Atmorecarpet and yarn dye operations, convertingthat mill to a dry mill dedicated to serving ourMasland Contract brand. As part of this process,we decommissioned our Atmore wastewatertreatment plant. Further, on the West Coast,we merged our newly acquired Atlas dye houseinto our Susan Street dye facility. We upgradedour machine tufted rug capability during theyear with added capacity as well as installingskein dye yarn capability to support our customwool rug programs. We purchased Burtco andits excellence in computerized yarn placementtufting technology, using this as the foundationfor our newly formed Masland Hospitalitysales force.A prime focus in 2015 is on training ourworkforce, which has increased 45% sincethe beginning of 2013. Further, in 2015, weare focused on improving waste, yields andefficiencies in our operations. We are seeingthe positive impact of our expanded sales force,the result of our efforts in 2013 and 2014 tosignificantly increase our field coverage.Despite the disruption of the past year, wecontinued to outgrow the industry in 2014 withletter to shareholdersyear-over-year sales growth approximately 7%better than the industry, excluding the resultfrom Atlas Carpet Mills. Our residential productsales were up 8% for the year compared to 2013,while the industry, we estimate, was down in thelow-single digit range. The year-over-year salesincrease in commercial products, without Atlas,was 6% as compared with an estimated marketgrowth in the low single digits for 2014.We believe the consumer preference forinnovative fashion and better quality productscontinue to provide us with the opportunity togrow our business and outperform the industry.We see positive signs with the housing marketslowly improving, the unemployment rate backdown to the levels of 2008 and job creationthe strongest in seven years. These factorsshould lead to continued opportunities in theresidential market. Particular opportunitiesare in the growth of our wool business, furtherincreases in our Stainmaster¨ PetProtectªproducts as well as utilization of our latestinvestments in both ColorPointª and iTuftªtufting technologies for beautiful patternsin the upper-end residential market. Weare excited about the growth potential inthe commercial market, as evidenced byour purchase of Atlas. We continue to seeopportunities for our modular tile offeringsin both the Masland Contract and Atlasmarkets. Further, we believe we can capitalizeon future opportunities in hospitality throughthe creation of Masland Hospitality and byleveraging our investment in Burtco and itsunique position in custom computerized yarnplacement tufting technology.2014 was a year of significant change inall of our facilities to prepare us for futuregrowth. In 2015, our energy will be focused onimproving our operations so we can continueto outperform the industry on the top line andimprove our profitability.We would like to express our appreciation toour customers, our shareholders, and to ourBoard of Directors, all of whom have given uscontinued support, and to our associates fortheir ongoing dedication and hard work.We want to remember Dr. Don Brock, a faithfulboard member who passed away this month.Since 1997, he has helped guide us and developour strategies for the future. As a personalfriend and sounding board for your chairman,the Board and I have appreciated DonÕs input,counsel and support and will miss his wisdomand insight.Sincerely,Daniel K. FriersonChairman and Chief Executive OfficerMarch 23, 2015