              LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
2008 was a year of tremendous stress and uncertainty for the U.S. economy, for the carpet industry and for our business. The slowdown in housing starts and slowing sales of new and existing housing units that began in 2006, continued through 2007 and escalated in 2008, exacerbated by the sub-prime credit crunch. By the second half of the year, credit issues that had affected housing began to have an impact on credit for most sectors of the U.S. economy. Consumer confidence tumbled to its lowest point in many years, and residential housing starts and sales declined dramatically together with commercial building and refurbishments, which combined to deliver a significant blow to carpet and rug manufacturers. For 2008, overall industry sales declined an additional 7.4%, with a drop of 12.1% in residential carpet sales, while commercial carpet sales were relatively flat. This decline in industry-wide sales intensified in the fourth quarter when the year-over-year decline in residential carpet sales reached 17% and commercial carpet sales were down
4.4%. In the fourth quarter of 2008, industry unit sales had reached an eight-year low.
Lower consumer confidence, limited credit availability and stock market declines appear to have had the greatest impact on high-end markets, in which our business is concentrated. Our focus during this difficult and uncertain period has been to conserve cash and reduce the size of our operations to fit the level of business activity we are experiencing. Our first action was to reduce employment by 9% during the second quarter of 2008. The second, which we began in the third quarter and completed in the fourth quarter, was to extend the terms of our senior loan and security agreement. With that in place, we then began restructuring our operations, facilities and organization to lower costs, reduce the size of our work force, and improve
asset utilization.
For 2008 as a whole, our total carpet sales declined 11% with residential carpet sales down 13% and
commercial carpet sales down 6.7%. Like many industries, we saw the sharpest sales decline during the fourth quarter of 2008, with total carpet sales down 22% compared with the year-earlier period. Sales of residential and commercial products dropped at about the same rate during the last quarter of the year.
We expect sales levels to continue to decline during the first quarter of 2009, which will require us to take additional actions to reduce costs and improve liquidity. As a part of these actions, we are assessing alternatives for our Fabrica business, and are considering the possible sale or, more likely, the consolidation of Fabrica’s manufacturing operations into our East Coast facilities. We have eliminated almost $1 million of costs relating to our 401(k) match for 2009 and have cut salaries as well. We will continue to reduce infrastructure overhead, better utilize our working capital, and lower controllable expenses in order to right size our business and manage for improved cash flow.
On the positive side, our new residential products introduced at Surfaces were very well received. The Masland Avenue collection represents a new category of carpet produced using exciting, innovative technology. Our wool collections continue to grow in a very difficult environment, and new polyester products are off to a good start. On the commercial side, our modular carpet continues to gain momentum and outperform broadloom products. We also were able to increase the average selling price of our carpet products to over
104 Nowlin Lane, Suite 101 Chattanooga,Tennessee 37421
 
              LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
$22.00 per square yard, an increase of more than $2.00, by the end of 2008. As the year progresses, we should begin to feel the positive impact of lower raw material expense and the cost reductions we have put in place; however, these improvements may be offset somewhat by lower sales volumes.
Capital expenditures were $10.0 million in 2008, almost $4.0 million lower than our initial 2008 budget. We have cut our 2009 capital expenditure budget to $7.0 million, which is half the level of our depreciation and amortization. We began reducing inventories in the fourth quarter of 2008, and our goal is to substantially improve utilization of inventories this year. Depending on business activity levels, the inventory reduction could be as high as $15.0 million by year-end 2009. We also expect to realize over $5.1 million of income tax refunds in the first half of this year. The income tax refunds, lower levels of capital spending and inventory reductions should strengthen our liquidity in 2009. The possible sale of our California real estate, stemming from the sale or consolidation of our Fabrica business, would permit us to significantly reduce debt. Our senior loan and security agreement does not have financial covenants, and we intend to position our balance sheet to withstand the current economic downturn and maintain a favorable debt structure.
In summary, we face a tremendous level of uncertainty in the U. S. economy, in the carpet industry, and in our business as 2009 develops. We plan to continue managing our business to improve cash flow by cutting and controlling costs to reflect the size of our business. If industry conditions continue to deteriorate, we are prepared to take additional steps to aggressively reduce expenses and improve liquidity. When better times return, we believe we will be uniquely positioned to capitalize on improved business conditions.
The support and confidence of our shareholders and our Board of Directors, together with the hard work and dedication of our associates, all have been essential this year. We wish to thank each of these important stakeholders for their loyal support during the past year and look forward to reporting on our progress as 2009 unfolds.
Sincerely,
Daniel K. Frierson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2009
104 Nowlin Lane, Suite 101 Chattanooga,Tennessee 37421
 