                TO OUR INVESTORS:
The independent power generation sector has experienced harrowing times over the past 12 months. A broad range of factors, including commodity price weakness, mild weather in key markets, federal and state regulatory proposals and global market concerns have all contributed to a pronounced downturn in equity value across the sector. Dynegy was not immune to these impacts.
The difficult year underscored the importance of the strong foundation we built over the past few years. The platform we created allowed us to secure a number of significant accomplishments, despite these formidable challenges, and further positioned Dynegy to thrive for years to come.
DYNEGY INC. | 3

                THE RIGHT ASSETS IN THE RIGHT MARKETS WITH THE RIGHT MANAGEMENT APPROACH
As the dynamics of the industry are changing, we are changing to ensure we have the right portfolio of assets in the right markets with the right management approach to deliver positive results to our stockholders.
RIGHT ASSETS IN THE RIGHT MARKETS:
In the spring of 2015, Dynegy simultaneously closed two significant acquisitions that catapulted us from the eighth-largest independent power producer (IPP) in the U.S. to the third largest, and earned Dynegy the prestigious Platts 2015 Strategic Deal of the Year award. More importantly, the acquisitions immediately delivered strategic and financial benefits to our Company and
to you, our stockholders. Even though the transactions closed in April, the acquired portfolio still contributed $590 million of the $850 million of 2015 Adjusted EBITDA.1
The Duke Energy Midwest and EquiPower Resources
transactions, built upon the foundation laid by the
2013 Ameren transaction, transformed Dynegy into a company with scale and geographic, fuel and dispatch-level diversity.
• We now operate 35 plants across five different markets capable of generating 26 gigawatts (GW) of electricity.
• Dynegy has made the transformation from being heavily reliant on our legacy coal fleet to a portfolio that is majority gas-fueled while retaining the benefit of the upside that coal provides in a volatile gas market. Our gas fleet was responsible for generating about 83% of our Adjusted EBITDA before corporate overhead in 2015.
• We have the largest merchant CCGT fleet in two of the most attractive U.S. power markets, PJM and ISO-New England (ISO-NE) and we now generate more than a third of our gross margin from predictable multi-year capacity payments in those markets.
• We operate a reliable, efficient fleet with access to low-cost gas that enables us to perform well in this low natural gas-price environment as evidenced by our
six CCGT facilities in PJM setting annual production records in 2015.
• Dispatch diversity remains critical. We have a balanced portfolio of baseload, intermediate, and peaking plants in the best competitive markets in the country. Our portfolio is able to cycle quickly to support intermittent renewable generation and perform as baseload generation to provide reliable energy consistently. Our peaking units are there to serve the high-demand periods that often occur in the winter and summer months.
• Our healthy and growing retail business in Ohio, Illinois and Pennsylvania complements our generation base, serving more than 22 terawatt-hours of load for more than 931,000 residential customers and 41,000 commercial, industrial and municipal customer accounts.
• Having the right assets allowed us to secure about
$2.4 billion in future capacity revenues for planning years 2016/2017 through 2018/2019. In addition, we sold nearly 4,000 megawatts (MW) of MISO capacity prior to the 2016/2017 MISO auction through multiple channels, including a multi-year 959 MW retail transaction in our IPH segment that locked in approximately $152 million in capacity revenues over the next three planning years.
RIGHT MANAGEMENT APPROACH:
The right assets in the right markets only deliver value
if we manage them in the right manner. Our corporate infrastructure—and mindset—are designed to support growth without meaningfully increasing overhead expenses and we manage our balance sheet for flexibility to deploy capital for the best risk-adjusted return.
• We’re operating with one of the industry’s most efficient cost structures. Through a combination of disciplined growth and cost management driven by our PRIDE (Producing Results through Innovation by Dynegy Employees) program, we have driven the G&A per megawatt-hour (MWh) down by approximately 75% over
DYNEGY INC. | 4
1) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure; reconciliations to GAAP can be found in the 2015 Form 10-K included herein

                the past five years and Operations & Maintenance per MWh by 15%. Compared to 2010, our G&A is flat despite our tripling the size of the asset portfolio. Leveraging our platform translates into significant stockholder value as our low-cost portfolio now generates significantly more EBITDA and free cash flow1 per MWh.
• Our commitment to cost and capital discipline enables us to deliver value immediately to both stockholders and debt holders, while reducing our risk profile and creating a sound strategic future. Our approach was validated in the Duke and EquiPower acquisitions where we captured $155 million in synergies compared to our initial
$40 million estimate.
• We announced and completed a $250 million share repurchase program in the second half of 2015.
• We completed PRIDE Accelerated, our employee-driven, financial and operational self-improvement program in 2015, a year ahead of schedule. We met our 2014-2015 Adjusted EBITDA target contribution of $135 million and exceeded our 2014-2015 balance sheet target by
$81 million. In a challenging market, PRIDE is more important than ever as the Company continues to look for ways to reduce cost and improve efficiencies across the fleet and the organization.
CREATING THE PREMIER 21ST CENTURY POWER COMPANY
Put simply, we have been on a mission to transform our company into one that prospers in the new paradigm of gas dominance and renewable energy. Renewable sources on their own are an intermittent resource that cannot be successful without a flexible gas portfolio to back them up. Our assets can do just that.
On February 25, 2016, we announced the acquisition of the GDF Suez Energy North American fossil fuel portfolio from ENGIE, through a joint venture with Energy Capital Partners. This $3.3 billion transaction, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016, continues our transformation into a
predominately gas generation fleet and will increase our net generating capacity to nearly 32,000 MW.
Once our transaction with ENGIE closes, we will have an unmatched portfolio in all of the best functioning markets, including a meaningful entrance into the Texas ERCOT market at an attractive price. Our expanded fleet will have added geographic diversity as well as additional scale in the two premium markets, PJM and ISO-NE.
We were patient in our pursuit of the right portfolio in
Texas. Our patience paid off, as the 4 GW ENGIE portfolio is high-caliber—consisting of recent vintage plants with high capacity factors located near the growing Houston and Dallas load pockets. The portfolio capacity is over 90% gas fueled with two-thirds of its capacity comprised of efficient CCGTs. After the transaction closes, 58% of our capacity will be gas fueled.
The transaction’s creative structure allows Dynegy to ensure continued strength and flexibility of our balance sheet. We expect the joint venture to contribute more than $400 million in Adjusted EBITDA in 2017 and over $500 million in 2018, and more than $25 million and $300 million in free cash flow for the same periods, respectively. The expected growth in earnings and free cash flow results from increasing capacity payments and lower capital expenditures in 2018 versus 2017. When completed, this transaction will further position us for long-term success.
PAST AS PROLOGUE – THE TRANSFORMATION CONTINUES
While proud of our many accomplishments, we are not complacent. We remain focused on executing our current strategy and continuing to improve our fundamentals in ways that drive stockholder value in 2016 and beyond. Here’s how that will unfold in the year ahead:
1. LIVE OUT OUR COMMITMENT TO SAFETY AS OUR HIGHEST PRIORITY
Safety is our first and most important value. Nothing matters more than making sure each employee gets home safely at the end of every workday. To further our safety culture and
1) free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure; please refer to Item 2.02 on our Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2016 for definition, utility and use of this non-GAAP financial measure
DYNEGY INC. | 5

                focus, we have set an ambitious goal for all of our plants to file by 2020 for Voluntary Protection Programs (VPP) status certification. This highest level of safety designation requires a rigorous evaluation process by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and our Milford Power Station achieved the honor this year. It is an ambitious and challenging goal but we will meet it because our people are worth it.
2. PLAN FOR INTEGRATING THE ENGIE ASSET PORTFOLIO
The ticket to recognizing the potential of our acquisitions lies in our disciplined, programmed and proven integration model. We have refined a process of integrating newly acquired assets into our portfolio and corporate platform. Upon taking ownership of the assets, we are relentlessly focused on optimizing the assets both commercially and operationally, leveraging our scale with an eye towards driving inefficiencies out of the system, reducing costs, and capturing gross margin. We will continue to apply this approach post-closing to ensure maximum benefits are realized for the organization and our stockholders.
3. ENERGIZE CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
Identifying and implementing PRIDE initiatives—such as improving heat rates, margins, balance sheet efficiency
or reducing costs—is a core competency of ours. It sets
us apart from others and is the underlying reason Dynegy has successfully executed and integrated three large transformative transactions over the past three years. Our dedicated and creative colleagues across the organization have initiated more than 700 PRIDE projects over the past five years and are continuously encouraged to identify opportunities to increase efficiency further, generate revenue and/or improve the way we operate our business. PRIDE has contributed over $1.1 billion in liquidity improvements to Dynegy since 2011.
The next generation of the program, launched earlier this year, PRIDE Energized, has as its goal to bring $400 million in additional balance sheet improvements and $250 million in EBITDA and operating improvements by the end of 2018.
With a PRIDE program fueled by our employees, and an opportunity to expand the program to the newly acquired assets, we are confident that we will continue to create recurring cash flow benefits and balance sheet improvements that drive stockholder value.
4. OPTIMIZE AND INNOVATE OUR ASSET PORTFOLIO
Not only are we pursuing growth through acquisition, but
in another Dynegy tradition of leveraging our assets, we
are also pursuing opportunities for intrinsic growth by increasing output at our current plants. We explore and evaluate the latest technologies to implement at our plants. These innovations, allow us to increase output and efficiency cost-effectively.
We are on schedule to bring more than 650 MW of inexpensive capacity uprates and expansions online at our existing gas facilities by 2019. In PJM we have identified
a total of 312 MW of uprates at our CCGT plants that will qualify as capacity performance products for the planning year 2021/2022. At our EEI facility, we brought 235 MW of previously mothballed CTs online in August 2015 that are now available for the upcoming auction.
Reusing 100% of coal combustion byproducts (CCBs) by 2020 is a bold goal but we are determined to accomplish it. Rather than see coal ash as an intractable liability, Dynegy has been looking for more environmentally beneficial uses for CCBs.
For several years, we have been selling CCBs, including fly
ash, bottom ash, and gypsum, to buyers that convert them into marketable products like cement, wallboard, ice-control treatments, soil modifiers, and more. Dynegy is a leader in the industry in CCB reuse, with 70% already under contract for reuse and a goal of 100% reuse by 2020.
5. VIGOROUSLY SUPPORT COMPETITIVE MARKETS
We are a leading advocate for the competitive power markets. Two decades ago, our nation embraced electric power competition and it has been a significant benefit
for the nation’s electricity customers. For years, customers were saddled by regulators with decades-long obligations to
DYNEGY INC. | 6

                support billions of dollars of utility generation investment. Now, in wholesale competitive markets, that risk has
been shifted to companies like ours who can manage it. Unfortunately, subsidies created for different forms of energy generation—along with power supply agreements that are not competitively bid—result in higher prices for customers, often penalize the most efficient sources of generation,
and discourage new, cleaner and more efficient generation sources from being built. Dynegy will continue to support and advocate for efficient and transparent market structures that encourage low-cost, reliable generation for customers.
6. FORTIFY OUR RETAIL BUSINESS WITH DISCIPLINE
We will use our disciplined approach to grow a stable customer base in our retail business. While demand for
retail power nationally is not expected to increase rapidly, volumes are rising in the states where Dynegy has generation assets. As such, our retail business is in an excellent position to expand, particularly after the Engie acquisition. We are currently focusing on increasing our position in the Illinois and Ohio markets, where our large generation fleets are located, while we evaluate new markets and products where our business is matched by our generating portfolio.
To ensure we are delivering the caliber of product, customer experience and cost-efficient data management that drives profitability, we have made investments in a scalable and sustainable retail infrastructure. We are nearing completion of the effort to standardize and integrate the retail business operating model across all regions. This will result in a more efficient and scalable platform capable of supporting further expansion.
Our Homefield Energy brand received the highest overall satisfaction rating from energy brokers in Illinois, according to Energy Research Consulting Group. It is a great start and we are implementing the same broker sales channel in Ohio that has worked so well for us in Illinois.
A FULL AND FORMATIVE YEAR
Dynegy is in an enviable position. Thanks to the hard work and discipline of our colleagues, and the ongoing trust our investors place in us, we are looking forward to making even greater strides along our path in 2016.
Thank you for joining us as we continue to build a platform for sustained success as the premier 21st century power producer in the United States.
Pat Wood, III Chairman of the Board
Robert C. Flexon
President & Chief Executive Officer
  DYNEGY INC. | 7
