TO OUR INVESTORS:
It’s been a dynamic year of profitability and strategic growth at Dynegy, and we’ve made great strides in positioning the company for future years.
Over the last two years, we’ve transformed ourselves from a limited-scale company with asset- and market-concentration risk to the third-largest independent power producer with a strong foundation of asset, fuel and geographic diversity. We recently closed on our acquisitions of Duke Energy’s Midwest assets and EquiPower Resources Corp.—our largest and most important acquisitions to date—and our position in the market has never been better.
DYNEGY INC. | 3

COMING IN STRONG
With a stock price increase of 43% during 2014, we have meaningfully outperformed our closest peers in equity appreciation.
Our 2014 Adjusted EBITDA1 increased by approximately 50% over 2013—from $227 to $347 million, a remarkable gain made possible by three primary factors:
1. We benefited from higher realized prices across all segments.
2. We had a full year of Illinois Power Holdings (IPH) ownership under our belt.
3. Our team generated $90 million through our performance improvement initiative, Producing Results through Innovation by Dynegy Employees (PRIDE).
It’s worth noting that we achieved this $120 million increase in Adjusted EBITDA despite the impact of rail costs rising and some significant capacity and tolling contracts expiring.
We ended the year with $104 million in Free Cash Flow2 (FCF), quite a bit stronger than the FCF guidance range of $45-75 million. At December 31, 2014, consolidated liquidity totaled $2.2 billion. After funding the acquisitions and adding revolver capacity at closing, we expect liquidity to be approximately $1.5 billion after closing.
BUILDING OUR BASE
Our acquisitions of Duke Energy’s Midwest assets and EquiPower Resources Corp are pivotal to moving Dynegy forward—and they are best seen through the lens of how they will impact our future.
With these transactions, Dynegy now owns nearly 26,000 megawatts (MW) of generating capacity in eight states— enough to generate electricity for 21 million homes—and we also provide retail electricity to 830,000 residential customers and 23,000 commercial, industrial and municipal customers in Illinois, Ohio and Pennsylvania.
The EquiPower and Duke acquisitions are transformational for Dynegy, ushering in a new era of substantial scale, in addition to geographic and fuel diversity. We now have a meaningful presence in three of the best markets in the country and substantial fuel diversity across our portfolio. Additionally, our PJM retail business is fully backed by generation, providing a platform for growth.
The transactions double Dynegy’s generating capacity and are expected to increase annual generation from approximately 60 million megawatt-hours (MWh) to an estimated 115 million MWh for the Company.
With the higher levels of capacity contracting, the Company will also benefit from improved visibility and predictability of cash flows. PJM and ISO-NE capacity payments will represent 25%
of the combined company’s gross margin in 2015 compared to 11% before the acquisition, as a result of quadrupling the size of the PJM fleet and increasing the size of the New England fleet seven-fold.
WHAT THIS MEANS FOR 2015—AND BEYOND
1. WE’RE READY TO SHIFT FROM EXTRINSIC TO INTRINSIC GROWTH.
While most of our growth activity in 2014 has been about expanding our fleet through acquisitions, the focus in
the year ahead will be to maximize and improve upon what we already own. Now that we have broadened and strengthened our base—in terms of both geographic
and fuel diversity—we have the opportunity to leverage low-cost, high-value expansion opportunities within our existing plants.
OPTIMIZING OUR ASSETS
One priority is to implement technology and efficiency upgrades that will increase our megawatt output incrementally. Examples of initiatives that are already underway include projects across the fleet that will improve reliability, particularly during extreme weather events, and transmission projects that will alleviate network congestion around our Baldwin, Illinois, power
DYNEGY INC. | 4
1 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure; reconciliations to GAAP can be found in the 2014 Form 10-K included herein. 2 Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure; reconciliations to GAAP may be found on the inside back cover.

station, allowing us to realize better pricing for the generation through less congestion.
OPTIMIZING OUR ACQUISITION SYNERGIES
Another way we’ll grow in the coming year is by aggressively maximizing the synergies from the Duke and EquiPower acquisitions. In fact, now that we’ve had a chance to further review the potential, we’ve more than doubled our expectations—forecasting $100 million in synergies, versus the $40 million originally estimated.
OPTIMIZING OUR EFFICIENCY
Through our PRIDE program and other initiatives, we’ve already cut our overhead cost per MWh nearly in half since 2010—from $3.43 to $1.67. Increased scale from our current acquisitions will drive productivity gains for the Dynegy platform, and we expect to drive that cost down even further, with our goal for 2015 reaching as low as $1.10/MWh.
2. WE’RE POISED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGING MARKET DYNAMICS.
There are several factors that make these acquisitions timely, putting us in just the right markets at the right time.
CAPACITY IS TIGHTENING AND PRICES ARE RISING IN OUR FAVOR.
As MATS (Mercury and Air Toxics Standards) environmental regulations are set to take effect, approximately 10% of
the capacity in MISO and PJM will be retired between
2012 and April 2016. This loss of approximately 30 GWs throughout the two markets will considerably tighten supply, driving energy and capacity prices higher—with our low cost, environmentally compliant fleet positioned to meet the market needs.
MISO: Those plants that received a one-year extension after the initial MATS implementation will see that expire in April 2016. Dynegy owns 7 GW in MISO and our plants, which are fully compliant with MATS standards, are ready to pick up that slack. We’re poised to capitalize on the tighter capacity and higher power prices with improving capacity prices and increased generating hours. Bilateral prices for MISO capacity currently are approximately four times where they cleared at last year’s capacity auction,
and we expect this trend to continue. Our capacity sales through bilateral wholesale and retail channels are nearly 7,500 MW through planning year 2019/2020. This represents sales of more than 20% of our available capacity and will provide over $275 million in future EBITDA growth over the five-year period.
ISO-NE: We are prepared to meet the growing need, as this region responds to a tightening of generation supply and increasing price volatility. The 2018/2019 New England (ISO-NE) capacity auction cleared at $9.55 per kW-month for most resources, a $2.52 per kW-month increase
from the prior year’s capacity auction clearing price. Moving forward, increasing pressure from new capacity performance and environmental rules will continue to drive marginal plants from the market, primarily aging oil-fueled units, further tightening reserve margins. Our plants are positioned to benefit from these trends.
WE’RE SET TO BENEFIT FROM NEW RELIABILITY INCENTIVES IN THE PJM MARKET.
In two of our key markets, PJM and ISO-NE, our ability to deliver during severe weather conditions provides us the opportunity for additional revenue opportunities.
PJM is preparing to implement a new Capacity Performance Product that aims to reward plants financially that provide reliable energy under difficult circumstances, or “emergency events,” while penalizing those generating units that don’t. This performance product is proposed to transition into the market beginning in 2016. We expect to benefit from this market mechanism by generating reliable energy from our nearly 11 GW PJM portfolio. ISO-NE has already implemented a product like this to improve system stability, and it was one of the reasons for the strong clearing prices in the latest auction.
Once these reliability programs begin to take effect, generators are expected to bid into the market the cost of any improvements necessary to meet these higher reliability standards which in turn may lead to higher capacity prices for our fleet.
DYNEGY INC. | 5

3. WE’RE BUILDING OUR RETAIL PRESENCE.
EPA’s 1-hour SO2 National Ambient Air Quality Standard. Emissions from the station have already been dramatically reduced over the past 10 years; SO2 emissions have gone down by 80% since 2004 and NOx emissions have declined by 68%.
WE’RE TAKING PRIDE TO THE NEXT LEVEL.
As you may remember, in 2014, we launched PRIDE Reloaded, the second round of our employee-driven continuous improvement program, which stands for Producing Results through Innovations by Dynegy Employees. A three-year challenge was issued to every employee at every level of the Company: Find ways to increase our earnings by $135 million while also improving our balance sheet efficiency by $165 million.
Our people have already delivered such strong results against that goal that we’ve renamed this challenge PRIDE Accelerated—because we’re on track to achieve those numbers by the end of 2015, a full year early.
PRIDE is our version of a self-help program. After all, no one is in a better position than we are to get our house in the best shape possible. Our employees do an extraordinary job of digging up new ways to improve processes, streamline operations, manage costs and increase efficiency. We look forward to taking what they’ve learned so far and applying it across our newly acquired power station fleet.
As we work smarter at every level of the Company, we’ll continue to drive recurring cash flow benefits and further improve our balance sheet. We’ll be launching the next round of PRIDE in 2016, to give everyone at our newly acquired locations the opportunity to contribute to this effort.
WE’RE FOCUSED ON SAFETY.
After a record year in 2013, we fell well short of our safety goals in 2014. Our longtime commitment to keeping safety first in everything remains unchanged. Our safety goal is, and always has been, to have zero incidents. This year we are focused on fighting off any complacency around our safety practices so we can achieve that goal. We will never
The acquisition of Duke Energy’s Midwest retail business, combined with our existing Dynegy retail businesses, gives us a very sizeable retail foundation—with 22 million MWh of retail load divided equally between the PJM and MISO markets. We nearly tripled our retail offerings in PJM—from 4 million to 11 million MWh—and positioned ourselves to achieve a meaningful retail presence in Ohio, Illinois and Pennsylvania. This new business is supported by our 11 GW of generation throughout the PJM market, and provides an efficient outlet for our wholesale generation while capturing incremental margin.
With our retail business fully backed by our substantial generation fleet in these same markets we see an
excellent outlook for growth. We plan to actively pursue more retail customers and opportunities within the PJM and MISO markets.
4. WE’RE STEPPING UP OUR ENVIRONMENTAL EFFORTS.
We’re very pleased to say that sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions at our coal plants have been reduced by nearly 70% over the past 10 years and nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions
have decreased by 45%. Our entire fleet operates fully in compliance with all federal and state air emissions limits.
Looking ahead, we’re aggressively pursuing continued improvements, specifically with coal ash and emissions. For several years now, we have been working to reduce our coal waste; but that is not enough. Our goal is to send zero coal combustion byproducts (CCBs) to any landfills by 2020.
In 2014, we already eliminated 31% of our CCBs through recycling—and we’re continuing to step up efforts in order to meet this bold goal. We’re laser-focused on this issue with our people and are tackling it from every angle, putting us right on track to achieve it within five years.
At Edwards Power Station in Illinois, we voluntarily agreed to reduce our permitted allowable emissions of SO2 by 90% a full two years ahead of any mandatory requirement. This will help the Greater Peoria area comply with the US
5.
DYNEGY INC. | 6
6.

rest in our efforts to ensure every employee returns home in the same safe condition as they started that day.
As part of this initiative, two of our plants are well underway in their pursuit of gaining OSHA’s stringent safety certification, VPP (Voluntary Protection Program) status. Our Casco Bay and Hennepin facilities will be the first of many Dynegy plants eventually seeking VPP status, the gold standard for industrial safety.
7. WE’RE INVESTING IN OUR COMMUNITIES.
We know how important we are to the communities where we live and work, and we take our commitment to our neighbors seriously. We have just created Shared Energy, a new program that will reinforce our role in strengthening the social fabric in our communities.
SHARED ENERGY HAS FOUR PILLARS:
• DIRECT GRANTS: As we’ve been doing for years, we’ll continue making direct financial grants to support organizations that are doing the important work in our communities. In 2015, we are increasing our impact by expanding the number and size of the grants that we make.
• FUNDRAISING: We’ll also continue to lead substantial fundraising efforts on behalf of important community organizations and programs.
• MATCHING GIFTS: We just launched a program to match employee contributions, dollar for dollar, to the organizations that matter to them. We are proud to double the impact of our colleagues’ generosity.
• VOLUNTEER EFFORTS: Dynegy employees have always generously taken time out of their busy lives to provide hands-on support to local causes. The Company will continue to support volunteer service during company-paid hours.
LOOKING AHEAD
Never has Dynegy been in such a strong and exciting position. Our employees’ hard work and our Company’s strategic actions have put us in an enviable position which you have, in turn, acknowledged with your increased investment.
Thank you. We look forward to doing great things together in 2015.
Pat Wood, III Chairman of the Board
Robert C. Flexon
President and Chief Executive Officer
  DYNEGY INC. | 7
