TO OUR INVESTORS:If 2008 was a difficult year for U.S. business as a whole, consider that a unique set of challenges waspresented to the power generation sector. During the course of the year, the price of the fuels used to generateelectricity rose sharply, then precipitously declined. In some parts of the country, flooding and other weatherrelatedissues impacted sales volumes.Across America and around the world, some companies were faced with urgent needs for capital and credit,which was an extremely difficult proposition given the meltdown of financial markets. The companies thatmanaged through these issues were those that went into the financial crisis with the right mix of businessdynamics that served to insulate their balance sheets from external factors. We were one of these companies,thanks to the proactive work we have done over the past several years.Throughout the year, Dynegy never wavered from its focus on operating our power plants and serving ourmarkets and customers – nor did we depart from a set of core beliefs that has become a mainstay for ourcompany:• We manage our business as a public operating company to create long-term value;• We work on behalf of all of our investors – including our common stockholders, fixed-income investorsand our bank group;• We manage with a belief that consolidation is coming for the power sector;• We manage toward preserving options;• We shed certain risks and actively manage retained risks; and• We integrate our asset- and capital-based strategies to maximize results.These core beliefs guided our asset- and capital-based strategies during the course of the year. Nevertheless,Dynegy experienced a number of challenges during 2008. In particular, we faced difficulties as we worked toadjust our commercial practices to changing market conditions. As I will discuss in more detail, we havedeveloped what we believe will be a better commercial approach for 2009 and beyond – one that seeks to balancecommercial risk and reward by reducing near-term merchant exposure with an increase in contracted positions.In addition to commercial issues, we also faced weather-related events and outages. However, in all cases, wemodified our practices to meet the challenges at hand, we put our “lessons learned” to work, and today we are astronger, more capable independent power producer.In this letter, I will cover the significant events of the past year, prefacingthe 2008 highlights discussion with a look at the asset- and capital-based sidesof our business.And lastly, I will share our value proposition for investors.Linking the left- and right-hand sides of our balance sheetWe often discuss the linking of the left and right sides of our balance sheet.For the left, or asset-based side, our commitments include operating andcommercializing our assets well, harvesting value through non-core asset salesand either seeking out or potentially developing new assets.The right side of the balance sheet reflects our capital-based strategies ofenhancing liquidity, continuously trouble-shooting and streamlining our capitalstructure and allocating capital to the highest and best use.We sell wholesalepower, capacity andancillary services toutilities, cooperatives,municipalities andother energycompanies in our keyU.S. regions of theMidwest, the West andthe Northeast.3Asset-based commitmentThe best protection in an uncertain or cyclical market is a low-cost, well-operated group of assets producinga product that is needed. To that end, our power generation portfolio, with more than 18,000 megawatts ofgeneration capacity, represents one of our key competitive advantages. This portfolio is diverse in terms ofgeography, fuel and dispatch, and is coupled with a commercial approach that varies by asset class anddiversifies the marketplace risks inherent in our business.From the standpoint of portfolio diversity, approximately 70 percent of our overall fleet’s productioncapacity is natural gas-fired, which includes modern combined-cycle plants and peakers, and approximately 20percent is derived from coal-fired baseload plants. These baseload plants currently provide reliability to ourearnings, while our significant natural gas fleet represents future earnings potential given the expected expansionof heat rates as supply and demand tighten over time.Here is a snapshot of our three business segments: the Midwest, West and Northeast:Megawatts Plants States Gas Coal Oil RegionMidwest 8,405 15 IL, MI, KY, AR, PA 62% 35% 3% MISO, PJM, SERCWest 6,063 9 CA, AZ, GA, NV, TX 92% 5% 3% CAISO, WECC, SERC, ERCOTNortheast 3,809 5 NY, CT, ME 56% 20% 24% NYISO, ISO-NETotal 18,277 29 69% 22% 9%Chart includes the Plum Point and Sandy Creek projects under construction in Arkansas and Texas, respectively. Dynegy hasentered an agreement to sell the Heard County facility in Georgia, which is expected to close in the second quarter of 2009.Fuel percentages are based on generating capacity by region and on a fleet-wide basis.Dynegy’s corporate structure supports our mission of being a low-cost provider. With anticipated generaland administrative costs of approximately $175 million in 2009, we believe we have one of the leanest corporatecost structures in the sector. In addition, our business platform is scalable to support a larger power generationportfolio. As we demonstrated in 2007 with our acquisition of approximately 8,000 megawatts of operatingassets, this gives us the ability to grow without a commensurate increase in expenses.Capital-based strategiesWe have developed a financial strategy that uses our balance sheet and liquidity as the ultimate hedgeagainst changes in commodity prices, economic downturns and financial uncertainty. As of December 31, 2008,we had approximately $1.8 billion in liquidity, no significant debt maturities until 2011, an undrawn bank facilityscheduled to remain in place until 2012 and a letter of credit facility that does not mature until 2013.Our strategy requires us to actively monitor the credit markets to take advantage of financing opportunitywindows instead of waiting until the debt matures. Consequently, the interest rate on our bank debt today standsat LIBOR plus 150 basis points. Considering the coupon on our other debt, this contributes to a weighted cost ofdebt of less than 8 percent, which is a much better rate than we could expect if we needed to refinance in today’smarkets.Further, our capital structure has very little in the way of complex covenants or significant restrictions. Thismitigates our exposure to market turmoil, while allowing us flexibility not only to invest in the business, but alsoto pursue strategies for reducing fixed-income debt, returning value to stockholders or growing through valueaccretivecombinations – all based on considerations of the highest and best use of capital. And while none ofthese options were pursued in 2008 because of the perceived greater need to preserve liquidity given the4tumultuous market conditions, these options are and will continue to be re-evaluated as opportunities presentthemselves.Dynegy’s capital structure is closely aligned with our commercial strategy. We believe a strategy forcommercializing our assets during the current year plus one or two years is the right approach for protectingnear-term cash flows from intra-year volatility. Additionally, this leaves us open in the outer years to capture thelonger-term benefits associated with tighter supply and demand, including anticipated increases in prices andvolumes. Depending on local market factors, the length of our contracts may be longer for that part of ourportfolio which includes combined-cycle plants and peakers.At the end of 2008, our contracted percentage of expected generation was at 55 percent. Currently, ourcontracted percentage of expected generation stands at approximately 90 percent. Our commercial originationteams are continuing to reduce merchant exposure by entering into new contracted positions, therebysignificantly increasing the contracted portion of our portfolio. This is expected to add predictability to our 2009results, while mitigating risks outside of our control that hampered our performance in 2008 – and, importantly,leaving open the upside potential for future years.2008 highlightsWith our asset- and capital-based strategies as a backdrop, I will cover the company’s 2008 results.Operational performance – The company maintained its focus on safe, reliable and environmentallycompliant operations throughout 2008. One important metric was the in-market availability of our baseload coalfacilities of 90 percent. Our overall achievements in terms of plant reliability can be attributed to maintenanceand operations effectiveness initiatives that are continually seeking new solutions for improving performance. Asone example, an asset optimization project was recently completed at the 1,800-megawatt Baldwin EnergyComplex where we participated with the U.S. Department of Energy to improve the facility’s emissions profileand fuel efficiency.In addition, we scrutinize expenses to tightly manage operating and capital costs with the goal ofmaximizing operating margins and cash flow. At the same time, we work to maintain a safe workingenvironment. This focus on safety is top-of-mind for our operations groups, and resulted in one of the best safetyyears in the company’s history in 2008.Commercial performance – From a commercial perspective, 2008 was a challenging year for reasons bothoutside and within our control. A collapse in commodity prices and the exit of financial participants reducedoverall market liquidity. Further, a widening of basis between liquid market and power delivery point prices,together with the commercializing of our assets in certain of these more liquid markets, impacted the companymore than expected. We now anticipate and work to actively manage this risk by limiting forward sales from ourMidwest assets into PJM or purchasing firm transmission rights and bilateral basis swaps.Today’s market conditions are extremely volatile, and we anticipate that this volatility will continuethroughout 2009. In this environment, we are committed to doing a better job of commercializing our portfolio ina manner that protects cash flows and adds predictability to our earnings.Dissolution of development joint venture – In January 2009, the company announced the dissolution of itsdevelopment joint venture with LS Power and the re-evaluation of its participation in the Plum Point and SandyCreek construction projects in Arkansas and Texas, respectively. As a result of the dissolution, in the futureDynegy will focus its development activities and investments around its existing operating portfolio. Because thedevelopment of new generation is increasingly marked by barriers to entry – including external credit andregulatory factors – we believe that focusing on our own portfolio where we control the option to develop andmore tightly manage the related costs is a more sound strategy for us.5Sales of non-core assets – One of our ongoing strategies is the “pruning” of selected, non-core assets wheresales prices exceed what those assets could reasonably be expected to bring in through the normal course ofoperations. In 2008, this effort produced the following results:• Sale of the Rolling Hills peaking facility in Ohio for $368 million in cash;• Sale of the residual value related to the Oyster Creek facility for $11.5 million in cash; and• Sale of a partial interest in the Sandy Creek construction project, which effectively reduced thecompany’s capital commitment for the project by approximately $50 million.Fuel contracts – During 2008, the company strengthened its positions relative to coal contracts. Today, ourrail transportation cost for Powder River Basin (PRB) coal, the low-sulfur fuel utilized by our Midwest baseloadfleet, is 100 percent contracted through 2013 with no fuel escalators. In addition, our PRB coal supply is nowcontracted through 2010 at largely fixed pricing, with a meaningful portion contracted through 2012.Additionally, two units at our Danskammer facility in the Northeast rely on South American coal. We entered2009 substantially contracted relative to Danskammer’s supply and transportation needs.Environmental progress – We are proud of our ability to serve our markets while continuing to makeinvestments in cleaner operations. Dynegy is committed to $960 million of environmental projects involvingeight of our Midwest coal units – approximately $275 million of which were completed in the 2005-2008timeframe. During 2008, Midwest environmental accomplishments included the completion of baghouses at theHennepin plant and, at year-end, 60 percent completion of a scrubber project at the Havana facility. We alsobegan construction of a scrubber at the Baldwin Energy Complex. Both of those facilities will also havebaghouses installed.Our Midwest fleet has achieved a 90 percent reduction in sulfur dioxides and nitrogen oxides emissions overthe past decade. All of our baghouse and scrubber projects are expected to be completed between now and 2012,and will further improve the Midwest fleet’s standing as one of the cleanest operating coal fleets in the U.S., notonly in relation to sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides, but for mercury and other emissions as well.External factors that influence our businessWe constantly monitor market factors that could impact our business. Two such factors are the U.S. economyand the introduction of federal greenhouse gas emission regulations. During previous recessionary periods, the U.S.has seen short-term drops in demand, and that may be the case in 2009. However, there is no reason to believe thatdemand growth will not continue over the longer term. As in past years, we believe this recovery will appear as aseries of weather- and commodity price-driven peaks and valleys generally trending upward.6Relating to new energy regulations, we have been a proponent ofcomprehensive and pre-emptive federal legislation to deal with greenhouse gasemissions. In our view, a federal approach is a better alternative than the currentpatchwork of state and regional regulations that provide economic benefits forsome parts of the country – and economic penalties for others – without tangiblereductions in total U.S. carbon emissions.We believe that successful U.S. energy policy will achieve balance amongseveral pressing concerns:• The environment and the global challenge of reducing greenhouse gasemissions;• Electricity supplies that are both reliable and affordable – an important point at a time of economicweakness, when many low- and moderate-income consumers cannot afford higher electricity rates; and• A reduced dependence on overseas energy sources.Our value proposition for investorsDynegy’s near-term challenge is to operate and commercialize well. Over the longer term, we believe thatour diverse power generation fleet is the cornerstone of our value proposition. In an environment of risingbarriers to entry that limit new generation capacity, we would expect an uplift in power pricing as well as highervaluations for existing operating assets. Further, the electricity sector remains fragmented with a large number ofsmall-scale participants, which points to the benefits and eventuality of consolidation.In this letter, I have outlined the factors that shaped our past-year performance, as well as the strategies andbeliefs that have stood the test of time in the cyclical energy industry. These include maintaining a strong balancesheet with ample liquidity and limited near-term maturities, while operating power plants with a focus on thesafe, reliable and economic production of megawatts. I also touched on the improvements we are making relativeto our commercial approach – a focus on balancing risk and reward that should add near-term predictability toour results, while leaving us open to the longer-term economic benefits associated with power market recovery.We believe these factors position Dynegy as a strong power generation franchise and investment vehicle forpower sector investors seeking long-term value. I thank you for your interest and look forward to seeing many ofyou at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 22 in Houston. For more information on our company, Iencourage you to visit our web site at www.dynegy.com.Bruce A. WilliamsonChairman, President and Chief Executive OfficerFebruary 26, 2009Dynegy’s risk factorsrelated to climatechange regulations canbe found under Item 1Aof our Annual Reporton Form 10-K.7