   TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
 Change.
Last night, a woman in Ohio earned 10,000 tokens playing Poppit! on Pogo.com. A student in Seoul won a tournament on EA SPORTS FIFA Online. A Madden NFL fan bought a virtual Patriots jersey. A girl in Paris arranged a wedding for her character in The Sims. And a teenager in Fresno downloaded Tetris on his mobile while his mom and dad played Tiger Woods PGA TOUR on the Wii.
Fiscal 2007 was a year that dramatically changed assumptions about the who, what, when and where of interactive entertainment. It was a year that taught us some lessons about consumer demand for casual games and showed us that EA is capable of building its business far beyond the installed base of consoles and PCs.
During the last console cycle, we were primarily focused on the western markets of North America and Europe and just three or four technology platforms. Today, EA’s games are published on 11 gaming systems. Our online and casual games are growing from a niche to mainstream and some of our biggest growth opportunities are in Asia.
There is both upside and challenge to this change. We are optimistic that the opportunity for profitable growth is much greater than we might have originally imagined. These changes reaffirm the strategic investments EA has made in online gaming, mobile gaming, Asia and in creating new intellectual properties.
The challenge is that we are now on a path where change does not come every five years when we see a console transition. We are now in a world where change is constant.
Since I returned to EA earlier this year, I’ve spent time talking to employees, customers, investors and consumers. I’ve found a deep recognition that the industry is changing and there is a great appetite among all of EA’s stakeholders for change. Our employees are ready to take on the challenges of this constantly changing world.
The Best Teams and Strongest Portfolio
One thing that is not changing is the enormous advantage EA holds with the breadth of our portfolio and the quality of our people. Creative people are the core strength of our company and EA is graced with an abundance of the most talented producers, game designers, programmers and artists in the industry. It is difficult to call out the achievement of any single team when so many contribute to our success. Here are just a few of our accomplishments in the past year:
• The Sims — created in Redwood Shores, California, this team delivered new games and content for the world’s most popular PC franchise, crossed onto new platforms including mobile phones and is developing original titles for the Wii and Nintendo DS (NDS) handheld system.
• Madden NFL — developed by EA Tiburon in Orlando, Florida, was the best-selling game in North America at retail in calendar 2006. Year after year, critics say it can’t get better, and every year the Tiburon team proves them wrong. This is one of the most feature-rich games on the market and includes a training level that makes Madden more accessible to newcomers.
• Need for Speed — produced by EA Blackbox in British Columbia, is a consistent global blockbuster. In fiscal 2007, Need for Speed Carbon was developed and released on 10 game systems worldwide including the Wii.
• FIFA Soccer — developed by EA Canada in British Columbia, captured the global excitement around “futball” with FIFA 07, 2006 FIFA World Cup, UEFA Cup Champion’s League 2006-2007, and promising debuts for EA SPORTS FIFA Online in Korea and 2006 FIFA World Cup for mobile phones in Europe.
• Battlefield 2142 — created by EA Digital Illusions, in Stockholm, Sweden, continues to astonish critics and fans with its mastery of team-based online play. Battlefield 2142 was also one of the first titles to feature dynamic in-game advertising. The game is a remarkable piece of engineering and a gorgeous piece of art.
     Stockholder Letter

In fiscal 2008, some of the industry’s most innovative games will be coming from EA including Boogie and Army of Two from EA Montreal; NBA Live from EA Canada; SKATE from EA Blackbox; Warhammer Online: Age of Reckoning from EA Mythic; The Simpsons from EA Redwood Shores; Burnout Paradise from EA Criterion; and from EALA, Medal of Honor Airborne and a new Wii game from our collaboration with Steven Spielberg. In calendar year 2008, we are looking forward to the release of SPORE by Will Wright and the team at Maxis.
I want to stop and thank every one of the people who make, market, support and sell our games. You are the best in the business.
Performance in Fiscal Year 2007
Fiscal 2007 is best summarized as a year in which we exceeded our operating plan and made important strategic investments. We grew our mobile and online businesses, launched EA SPORTS FIFA Online in Asia and extended our creative capability with studio acquisitions.
The year marked the completion of the console transition — consumers now have three exciting new systems which are faster, more innovative, more powerful and more connected than anything we imagined just five years ago. EA was the number one publisher across all consoles combined but we hope to improve our performance on each individual platform in the year ahead.
Microsoft’s Xbox 360 was the first in the market with an impressive suite of online features. In fiscal 2007, EA was the number one publisher on this system.
Sony’s PLAYSTATION 3 got started a year after the Xbox 360, but is more powerful from a development standpoint. We completed our fiscal year as the number two developer on this system in North America and we estimate that we were number three in Europe.
Nintendo’s Wii and the Nintendo DS handheld have revolutionized gaming with an innovative and simple approach to fun. EA initially underestimated the popularity of the Wii but we quickly deployed resources to provide more games as the installed base of players grew.
Our team in Japan and a newly acquired team, EA Headgate in Utah, have shown a particular expertise developing for Nintendo systems. We are currently creating original properties for the Wii and NDS such as MySims and EA Playground. Additionally for the Wii, we are also working on Boogie and a game from our collaboration with Steven Spielberg.
Overall, EA’s business reflects a good balance between the present and future — we continue to generate industry-leading revenue from our traditional business while our investments incubate and contribute new sources of revenue, including mobile games and online advertising. Our net revenue was $3.091 billion, up five percent as compared with $2.951 billion for the prior year. Gross profit for the year was $1.879 billion, up six percent year-over-year. Net income for the year was $76 million as compared with $236 million for the prior year. The company incurred an after-tax stock-based compensation charge of $107 million, or $0.34 per share, for the year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.24 as compared with $0.75 for the prior year.
Our Priorities
Next Generation Consoles — Leadership on consoles is a long-standing pillar of EA’s success. That’s not going to change. Our goal is to be the leader on the Xbox 360 and PLAYSTATION 3 and to solidify our position as the top independent publisher on the Wii. We have the people and the content to make that happen.
Online — As more consumers connect, online has evolved from a niche for hard core players to a mainstream feature of many games — for instance, our Battlefield franchise is played almost exclusively online.
Last year, EA consumers purchased more than nine million digital items online for games like EA SPORTS FIFA Online in Korea, Need for Speed Carbon, and from our casual game offering, Pogo.
  
   Online subscriptions to our Club Pogo suite of casual games have passed 1.5 million — up 23 percent in just one year. Additionally, Pogo began a roll out in Europe and a closed-beta test in the People’s Republic of China. We estimate that more than half of all Pogo players are women over 30 who love the community aspects of the site as much as the games. And last year’s acquisition of Mythic Entertainment sets up the fiscal 2008 launch of one of the industry’s most anticipated massive-multiplayer subscription games, Warhammer.
Online advertising continues to grow with revenue from dynamic advertisements and banner ads on our websites. Dynamic in-game advertising — for instance billboards in Need for Speed show a soft drink promotion on the first lap, and a movie promo on the next — debuted in three of our games. While the initial revenue was small, over the long term we expect this opportunity to grow significantly.
Mobile — Games played on mobile phones are now a fundamental part of our business. A little over a year ago, EA acquired JAMDAT, the world’s leading developer and publisher of games for mobile phones — a strategic investment that has exceeded our expectations in fiscal 2007. Today, we are the world leader in mobile gaming with annual revenue of $140 million. We’ve integrated EA content into the JAMDAT platform and now have more than ten EA franchises available for mobile phones.
Asia — We are working to build our online business in Asia where our sports and game franchises have a large following of eager fans. Today, broadband penetration and an explosion of internet game rooms make this a powerful opportunity for future growth.
Last year we made a breakthrough in navigating the complex business environment in Asia. In Korea, we acquired a 19 percent stake in Neowiz, a local operator which last year helped us make EA SPORTS FIFA Online. Together, with Neowiz, we achieved a dramatic success — more than ten percent of the population of Korea registered to play our game. In China, just recently, we acquired a 15 percent stake in The9, one of that country’s top online publishers. Investing and partnering with established publishers gives us a much better understanding of how to succeed in Asia.
New Content — We tap three sources for game concepts — new concepts that spring from the ideas of our own creative people, licensed properties from other media like sports and movies, and publishing and distribution partnerships with independent developers.
Our teams have created a fantastic legacy of wholly-owned blockbuster franchises like The Sims, Need for Speed, Battlefield, Burnout and Command & Conquer. Today we have more than 15 new wholly owned properties in development including Army of Two, SKATE, Boogie and EA Playground, which will debut this year.
Games based on licensed content from sports, movies, books, TV and other formats are another pillar of EA’s leadership and will always be part of our business model. Some of our most popular licensed franchises include Harry Potter, The Simpsons, The Lord of the Rings and sports leagues like the NFL, FIFA, PGA TOUR, the NBA and the NHL. These titles are extremely popular with our core audience and provide a great bridge for introducing new players to gaming.
Another great source of content is our partnerships with independent developers. EA Partners offers the independents access to the power of our global publishing and distribution reach in exchange for a royalty stream. EA has teamed up with some of the most exciting developers in the industry including Crytek (Crysis), Flagship (Hellgate: London), MTV/Harmonix (Rock Band), Pandemic (Mercenaries 2) and Valve (Half Life 2 The Orange Box).
Faster, Agile and More Accountable Management
In fiscal 2008, we are organizing our management structure to streamline decision making, manage costs, hold people accountable and allow good ideas to move quickly into the market.
We are in the process of organizing the company into four major divisions, or labels which act as aligned but vertical businesses with accountability for a P&L and aggressive growth targets. Each will have a president
         Stockholder Letter

with studio and publishing teams working side by side. The four will be supported by centralized groups for Global Publishing, Central Development Services, Finance, HR and other functions.
Here is how the four labels will be organized:
THE SIMS — This team has created the template on which the new structure is modeled. It is a cohesive group with a global approach to growing the world’s most popular PC franchise.
EA GAMES — This label includes an incredible portfolio of blockbusters such as Need for Speed, Battlefield, Medal of Honor and many more. EA Games will also be home to EA Partners.
EA SPORTS — Bar none, EA SPORTS is the strongest brand in the game business and the flagship of EA’s global leadership — but it can be so much more. We plan to expand the sports experience with new content, new services and online integration.
EA CASUAL ENTERTAINMENT — This label will foster games made for non-traditional EA consumers — young people, older people and women and girls. It will include the casual offerings on our Pogo.com site, our mobile division and several of our more casual and family-oriented franchises. This label will make games for all platforms including the next generation consoles.
This re-organization is not a one-time event. It is an ongoing process that calls for our employees to constantly evaluate new technology and consumer trends, adapt new strategies and bring new ideas to the market.
Marking a Management Transition
Commitment, accountability, leadership — these are all qualities that we attribute to our Chairman and former CEO, Larry Probst.
Throughout his 23 years at EA and his 16 years as CEO, he set a standard of professionalism that has become as much a part of EA as any of our game franchises. His career includes many important milestones for the entire industry. During his tenure, EA’s revenue grew from roughly $100 million to more than $3 billion and our market capitalization increased from $180 million to over $15 billion.
When he announced he was stepping back as EA’s CEO, a journalist asked Larry what he thought was his greatest achievement at EA. Larry responded that helping to develop young managers into dynamic leaders was the most rewarding element of his job. Today, those managers form the nucleus of the next generation team that will drive EA to new levels of growth and profitability.
We thank him for the many contributions he has made to EA’s success.
Looking Forward
EA has reached an inflection point.
We will continue making games for the roughly 150 million players who own consoles and high-end PCs. For these consumers, we will increase our commitment to making the highest quality and deepest interactive entertainment experiences.
However, we will also reach out to the two billion people who own a game-ready device like a household PC or a mobile phone.

   We are going to offer games that are more accessible.
 We are going to put more and better experiences online and on handsets.
We are going to increase our production of casual and family-oriented games.
Finally, we will continue to invest in the creativity and the entrepreneurial spirit of our employees. They are going to create more games with stories and characters that people care about.
I want to thank gamers, customers, shareholders and, most of all, the people who work at EA for having confidence in the future of our company.
Sincerely,
John S. Riccitiello
Chief Executive Officer
     This Letter to Stockholders, as well as the discussion under the headings “Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2007, as well as the discussion under the heading “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” in our 2007 Proxy Statement, contain forward-looking statements about circumstances that have not yet occurred and are subject to change. All statements, trend analysis and other information related to industry prospects, our products and services, and trends in our financial performance, as well as other statements including such words as “anticipate”, “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend” (and the negative of any of these terms), “future” and statements in the future tense are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to business and economic risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or actual future results to differ materially from the expectations set forth in the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors which could cause our results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, those listed under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2007. We undertake no obligation to update these forward- looking statements.
© 2007 Electronic Arts Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
  Stockholder Letter
