 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
EA's Ñscal year 2005 was highlighted by exciting new games from our creative teams and important initiatives for extending our leadership into the next generation. We invested in people and processes, forged long-term agreements with strategic partners, introduced new franchise properties and extended our portfolio onto promising new platforms.
Our net revenue was $3.1 billion Ì up six percent and gross margin was 61.8 percent. Operating income was down 14 percent to $669 million. Operating margin was 21 percent. Operating cash Öow was $634 million, our return on invested capital was 60 percent and diluted earnings per share were $1.59. In the third quarter we announced a $750 million stock repurchase program which is now in process.
This year, EA published 31 titles that sold more than a million copies worldwide Ì four more than last year Ì and the average score critics gave our games positioned us among the industry's elite developers. Despite renewed competitive pressure, EA SPORTSTM titles increased their share of the sports category to a record 63 percent, and we successfully launched two new sports properties Ì FIFA Street and Fight Night.
Our Club PogoTM online site continues to grow with more than 840,000 active players, including 780,000 paying members, at the end of our Ñscal year Ì the majority of whom are women. The Club Pogo subscription site maintains a strong growth curve toward what we expect will be more than one million subscribers.
Investments in Strategic Partnerships
Long-term partnerships move us beyond the time horizon that has traditionally driven our planning. Exclusive and multi-year relationships oÅer strategic advantages that allow us to plan, invest in quality and grow for many years into the future.
Last year we announced an exclusive Ñve-year agreement with the NFL and NFL Players Association. Professional football is the cornerstone of the EA SPORTS business in North America. Soon after, EA signed a six-year agreement for exclusive rights on NCAA» football games. With exclusivity comes a responsibility to consistently grow those segments of our business. We believe that working more closely with our football partners will result in even better products and a more compelling entertainment experience for our consumers.
In addition, we renewed our non-exclusive relationship with the NBA and signed a 15-year agreement with ESPN enabling us to integrate ESPN programming, on-air personalities, and marketing assets in our EA SPORTS titles.
Investments in Talent and Tools
Strategic acquisitions brought new talent and proven franchises to Electronic Arts. UK-based Criterion Software Ltd. has added many talented developers to our worldwide studio operation and their game, BurnoutTM 3: TakedownTM, was a critical and commercial success in both the US and Europe.
The Criterion acquisition also brought us RenderWareTM Ì a powerful middleware tool for developing games. Converting our teams to the RenderWare platform increases capacity and catapults our teams forward as they prepare for the next-generation consoles.
EA also completed a tender oÅer for shares of Stockholm-based developer Digital Illusions and now owns approximately 68 percent Ì a controlling interest in the company. EA continues its successful long-term publishing relationship with Digital Illusions, and in June 2005, we released one of the year's most anticipated PC-games Ì BattleÑeld 2TM.
EA also purchased 19.9 percent of Ubisoft.
Chairman’s Letter

Investing in People
It takes a unique brand of engineer, designer and artist to create award-winning games. For too long our industry has required talented people to transfer learning from other professions. To improve this dynamic, EA has pioneered a broad education initiative aimed at providing developers with the skills they need for creating new games on increasingly complex systems.
In our studios, we've created a vast network of shared tools and technologies that create eÇciencies and promote the sharing of assets and ideas. We've established EA University Ì a worldwide program with a goal of providing training to 85 percent of our employees at least once per year.
We're also studying ways to improve the development process and provide more predictability in work schedules. We're making better use of pre-production processes and adding project managers to plan manpower needs. We've also recently reclassiÑed some positions to make certain employees eligible for overtime when schedules demand it.
But addressing the need for more creative talent goes beyond our own studios. To develop the next generation of games, we have to develop the next generation of EA Game Makers.
In September, we announced the opening of the EA Game Innovation Lab at the University of Southern California which was funded from an $8 million grant we made to the school. Today, in roughly 50 schools worldwide, EA is helping educators plan classes that will provide students the knowledge and skills they'll need for careers in the videogame industry.
We're particularly proud of an initiative that facilitates the use of RenderWare software in colleges and universities around the world. RenderWare Ì a development platform used in many commercial games Ì will provide the infrastructure that schools need to help students hone their game-development skills. We announced the RenderWare program in March and to date, 56 schools have applied to receive the software.
Investing in Next-Generation Technology
Every Ñve to six years, the game industry undergoes an evolution marked by a leap to vastly improved technology with better graphics and game play Ì and, historically Ì a larger consumer base. This is an exciting yet diÇcult period for game makers when R&D costs increase, pricing softens on current-generation software and the new consoles begin to grow an installed base.
Make no mistake, we are in a transition period. In the coming months, our partners at Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony will launch exciting new consoles. At EA, our mantra remains the same: Transition Is Our Friend. We understand the economics, the sacriÑces and the discipline it takes to contain costs and focus on next- generation development. We also know that throughout our 23-year history, each time EA has entered a transition, we've emerged much stronger on the other side.
In Ñscal year 2006, the transition will be inÖuenced by a new dynamic, Sony's PlayStation» Portable (PSPTM) and other handheld game devices. Last year, EA got an early jump on PSP development by creating a special group of developers Ì Team Fusion Ì to prepare for this important new platform. The early results are impressive. EA had three of the top ten games when PSP launched in North America and currently has approximately 15 new titles planned for release in Ñscal year 2006. Need for SpeedTM Underground Rivals was the best selling game on the new system at launch. We believe the PSP will have a profound impact on the worldwide game market Ì stimulating consumer excitement throughout the console transition.

 However, the big headline in Ñscal years 2006 and 2007 will be the new consoles Ì the Xbox 360TM from Microsoft, the next-generation system from Nintendo and the PlayStation»3 from Sony. The capabilities of these new machines has created a tremendous amount of excitement in the EA studios. Our teams are focused on four areas that will dramatically improve the game playing experience:
‚ High DeÑnition Graphics Ì Images will be much sharper, but that's just the beginning. The wider aspect ratio of HDTV allows developers to Ñll the peripheral space with more action and detail.
‚ Rich Worlds Ì Next-generation games will feature nuanced visual detail that evolves with every visit. In Tiger Woods PGA TOUR», players will need to read the grain of the grass on every green. In Need For SpeedTM Most Wanted, detailed images reÖected in the car's paint will blur as your vehicle accelerates.
‚ Emotionally Believable Characters Ì In the next generation, inexperienced characters will send visual cues that betray their uncertainty Ì artiÑcial intelligence and online players will recognize these emotional states and the outcome of the game will change.
‚ Deeper Online Experiences Ì Currently, about ten percent of game consoles are connected online. In the next generation, that number could climb to 40 percent. In four years, it's easy to imagine that every successful game will have extensive online features. The EA Nation will continue to grow and serve as a hub to connect EA SPORTS and EATM gamers.
It's All About Quality
Fiscal 2005 was a year of intense competition. We faced a price-based challenge to our sports titles and an unprecedented number of great holiday titles from other publishers. These were diÅerent games in diÅerent genres but they had one thing in common Ì each delivered many hours of top-quality entertainment.
The experience aÇrmed a standing rule in today's game market: Quality Wins With The Consumer. Gamers are very sophisticated Ì they research new releases, compare critical scores and post their impressions on the many Internet sites dedicated to enthusiasts. The games with the highest quality index are generally the best sellers. That's why EA's Need For Speed and The SimsTM franchises each sold more than 15 million copies this year.
The correlation between quality and commercial performance provides us with a clear objective: to approach each year with the highest quality, most exciting and innovative games in the market. In Ñscal year 2006, we will launch a portfolio of games to meet that objective.
‚ In sports, Madden NFL 2006 will showcase our new relationship with the NFL and NFLPA and prove that it does keep getting better. Madden, EA SPORTSTM Fight Night, FIFA Soccer, NBA Live and Tiger Woods PGA TOUR will support the launch of the next-generation consoles and set a stunning new visual standard for sports games. In addition, we will add Arena Football to our industry-leading lineup of sports products.
‚ There will be new properties. EA's Criterion Studio is in development with a promising new property Ì Black, and EA Canada will release Marvel NemesisTM: Rise of the ImperfectsTM with our own characters Ñghting SuperheroesTM like Spiderman.
‚ There will be games based on blockbuster movies: The GodfatherTM, Harry Potter and the Goblet of FireTM, Batman BeginsTM, and James Bond From Russia With Love featuring the voice of Sean Connery.
In the aggregate, we believe our product lineup in Ñscal year 2006 is signiÑcantly stronger relative to Ñscal year 2005 and the competition.
Chairman’s Letter

Stronger Leadership For New Growth and Creativity
Twenty years ago, most analysts wrote oÅ videogames as a hobbyist niche. Over time that has changed to a consensus that the videogame industry has extraordinary growth potential. Today, we're realizing that potential and setting the bar even higher for both growth and creativity.
EA has evolved as the industry leader, a company that is guiding audiences along a path that is changing the way entertainment is experienced. Our games have a large and enthusiastic following around the globe Ì in Ñscal year 2005, 47 percent of our revenue came from markets outside of North America.
Building upon EA's leadership in the next 20 years will require a dramatic change in the way we operate as a company. As the industry leader, we have a responsibility to think beyond the cyclicality of the console platforms. We need to ensure that current and future employees have the skills and tools to develop for new systems. We need to simplify the development process to make it easier for creative people to turn ideas into games. We need to maintain partnerships that allow us to make long-term plans and investments. We need to provide ongoing value for our investors.
Most of all, we need to continue as the company that makes great content for a rapidly expanding world of consumers who love to play games.
In closing, I would like to thank our shareholders, customers, partners and most of all the terriÑc people at EA for their continued support Ì thanks!
Sincerely,
Lawrence F. Probst III
Chairman and Chief Executive OÇcer
           This Letter to Stockholders, as well as the discussion under the headings ""Business'' and ""Management's Discussion and Analysis'' included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2005, contain forward-looking statements about circumstances that have not yet occurred and are subject to change. All statements, trend analysis and other information related to industry prospects, our products, and trends in our Ñnancial performance, as well as other statements including such words as ""anticipate'', ""believe'', ""estimate'', ""expect'', ""intend'' (and the negative of any of these terms), ""future'' and statements in the future tense are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to business and economic risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or actual future results to diÅer materially from the expectations set forth in the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors which could cause our results to diÅer materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, those listed under the heading ""Risk Factors'' in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2005. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
