To Our Stockholders
When Electronic Arts was founded in 1982, interactive entertainment software
was barely more than an interesting idea. Most observers believed that computer
games had only limited consumer appeal and would never be more than a niche
market comprised of arcade enthusiasts. Today that “niche market” has grown into
a $15 billion industry that is the very definition of mainstream entertainment.
At EA, we have always considered this popularity and rapid market growth as more
than an opportunity. We see it as a challenge. Never content to merely ride the
rising tide of our industry, EA has continually sought to acquire or collaborate with
the best available development talent, build popular product franchises, establish
a steady stream of top-selling titles, and create an unsurpassed global distribution
presence — all with a goal of solidifying the Company’s position as the world’s
leading interactive entertainment software publisher.
In fiscal 1999 we were again successful in each of these areas, with progress
reflected in our financial results as net revenues rose 34% to $1,221.9 million and
net income* was up 53% to $110.4 million or $1.74 per diluted share. This strong
performance reflects our continuing focus on the three key drivers of EA’s growth:
reinforcing our leadership on the PlayStation
®
platform; increasing our presence
on the rapidly growing PC platform; and extending EA’s already potent global
distribution capabilities.
Strength on the PlayStation
Sony’s PlayStation is the dominant hardware platform in our industry with a world-
wide installed base of more than 50 million units at fiscal year end. With a 21%
share of the PlayStation software market, EA trails only Sony in total dollar sales
on this leading console system. In fiscal 1999 we introduced a total of 21 new
PlayStation titles, including well-established top-sellers from EA SPORTS™ such
as FIFA 99, World Cup 98,
NASCAR 99, NBA Live 99, and Madden NFL™ 99, the #1
football game on the PlayStation in North America. Each of these illustrates EA’s
ability to create enduring franchise properties that can generate strong sales with
each new updated release. During this past year we both strengthened these proven
franchise properties and established valuable new ones.
For example, we signed an exclusive eight-year agreement extending our license
for the most recognizable and sought-after brand in international football, FIFA and
FIFA World Cup. We also acquired interactive rights to leading European football
leagues, including The FA Premier League in England, La Liga de Futbol Profesional
in Spain, and Die Bundesliga in Germany. EA’s soccer-related titles generated
$200 million in sales this past fiscal year, and these licensing agreements solidify our
position as the world’s premier software publisher in the world’s most popular sport.
We also built several exciting new franchise properties to maintain our strength
on the PlayStation. Knockout Kings™, which features 38 of the most famous boxers
in history, sold more than one million units in its first six months and is well on
its way to being the newest EA SPORTS franchise property. Tiger Woods 99 PGA
TOUR®
Golf was very well received in its initial product launch. Our soon-to-be-
released title featuring the stars of World Championship Wrestling has tremendous
promise. We also recently licensed the rights to the Formula One brand, a natural
complement to EA’s auto racing product family that should prove as attractive to our
growing international audience as the popular
NASCAR
titles are in North America.
Clearly, EA has built a very strong position on the PlayStation platform, and given
the upcoming introduction of Sony’s next-generation PlayStation 2, we believe the
future holds even more promise. We have been working with this extraordinary
new technology and have already begun both updating our franchise properties
and developing new properties for PlayStation 2. As with the original PlayStation,
our objective is to be the leading independent publisher for PlayStation 2, and we
intend to be a major factor in the launch of this revolutionary hardware platform
during calendar 2000.
At the same time, we also remain firmly committed to supporting Nintendo’s N64™
console. In fiscal 1999 we released 9 N64 products — including World Cup 98,
Madden NFL 99, Beetle® Adventure Racing, and
NASCAR 99 —
and we will
continue to devote significant development resources to this highly regarded
platform.
Expanding Presence on PC
Driven by faster microprocessors, better sound and graphics technology and
declining hardware prices, the PC has grown to comprise nearly one-third of the
interactive entertainment software business. EA has long been one of the top three
publishers of PC entertainment titles, but we aim to be the market leader on this
increasingly important platform. The core of our strategy has been to improve our
PC product offering, especially in the categories PC gamers prefer, such as
real-time strategy, simulation, and role-playing titles.
EA works closely with world-class creative talent, including Sid Meier, whose Alpha
Centauri™ title we recently released to strong sales and widespread critical acclaim.
In fact, one leading industry publication,
PC Gamer
magazine, gave Alpha Centauri
a 98% rating, which ranks this title as the highest-quality product the magazine has
ever reviewed. To further improve our PC product line, we have steadily strength-
ened our internal development capabilities and acquired leading PC content studios.
Twenty months ago we acquired Maxis, and early in calendar 1999 we released
SimCity 3000™. Here again, critical response and initial sales have been extremely
positive, with this latest version of an industry classic topping the sales charts in
many markets for three consecutive months.
In fiscal 1999, we took several other important steps toward leadership on the
PC platform. We acquired Westwood Studios, one of our industry’s most successful
and respected studios. Westwood’s Lands of Lore™ and Command & Conquer™
series are genuine blockbuster franchises that have built large and loyal followings,
and we expect very strong consumer response to an upcoming release, Command
& Conquer: Tiberian Sun™.
We have also made an equity investment in Pixel Entertainment, a Tel Aviv–based
developer of military simulation technology for the PC. Pixel’s highly advanced
terrain-rendering engine makes flight simulations extraordinarily realistic, and it
promises to significantly enhance the graphic quality of our Jane’s
®
Combat
Simulation products.
Another avenue we are pursuing to build EA’s share of the PC market is online
content. Our revolutionary Ultima™ Online has proven the viability of persistent-
state, massively multiplayer Internet-based gaming. Ultima Online will soon surpass
125,000 paying customers, and we have added servers in Great Britain and Japan to
accommodate growing demand. We are now developing similar subscription-driven
online games, with a particular emphasis on deploying some of our EA SPORTS
franchises on pay-for-play web sites.
We are also using the Internet as a vehicle to market our products, build brand
equity, and develop deeper relationships with our customers. We have a large
number of popular sites for EA SPORTS enthusiasts offering game tips, updates
and user bulletin boards. These are rapidly becoming well-known destination sites —
in total, EA web sites receive more than 1 million unique visitors each month —
and we are building a deep database of registered users. This kind of experience
is making EA’s online marketing steadily more sophisticated and effective.
In fact, the launches of both SimCity 3000 and Alpha Centauri were supported
by dedicated web sites that allowed consumers to experience the games first-
hand. These sites had very heavy traffic and made a significant contribution to
the success of both titles.
While interactive entertainment on the Internet is still in its infancy, we believe
it has tremendous potential. EA has already established itself as a leader in this
segment, and we fully intend to remain at the cutting edge of new developments
in this important emerging market.
Strong Global Distribution
EA has been building a strong global presence since its inception and in fiscal 1999
42% of our sales were generated by international territories. We now have direct
distribution in 75 countries, including new offices established last year in Korea and
— through acquisition of a former distribution partner — in Switzerland and Austria.
The two joint ventures we formed in May 1998 with Square Company, Ltd. of Japan
are off to excellent starts. In Japan our products are now reaching a wide retail
audience through Square’s proprietary distribution channel, and — reflecting
new EA management in Japan and more rigorous cost control — we grew revenues
by 52% and achieved a profit in this historically challenging territory. We look
forward to accelerating local development of original products aimed at Japanese
consumers. Our other joint venture, in North America, is also off to an outstanding
start with strong sales of Square’s Parasite Eve™. We will be distributing the widely
anticipated Final Fantasy
®
8 — a product that has already sold more than 3 million
units in Japan — during fiscal 2000.
EA’s broad global presence has also helped us build a roster of high quality
affiliated label and co-publishing partners. In addition to Square, these include
NovaLogic, Fox Interactive, MGM Interactive, Universal Studios Interactive, and
DreamWorks Interactive. In fiscal 1999, affiliated label/co-publishing revenues
comprised 20% of total worldwide sales. We anticipate maintaining this approximate
mix as our revenues continue to grow.
Growth Drivers
Looking forward, the future is bright for EA. Not only has interactive software
become a mainstream form of entertainment, favorable demographic trends
will bring millions of new consumers into our target market. The emerging
“Generation Y” — coupled with the traditional game players who have made this
activity as much a part of their daily lives as primetime television — will be driving
and accelerating demand for interactive software throughout the next decade.
Beyond this demographic impetus, there are other factors that will contribute
specifically to EA’s future growth, including our strong position in the PlayStation
and N64 market segments, our steadily growing share of the PC market, and
our commitment to leadership on the next-generation PlayStation 2. EA also
enjoys a growing array of high-quality licenses and top development talent that
promise to keep our products a cut above the competition. We are pioneering an
entirely new, emerging market for online content. Our global distribution system is
unsurpassed. Perhaps most important, we have the necessary scale to execute our
strategy and build market share in a highly competitive and consolidating industry.
These are compelling advantages. They have helped EA to become the world’s
leading publisher of interactive entertainment software. We believe they will
also enable us to maximize the significant opportunities that lie ahead. As
always, we want to thank our employees, development and distribution partners,
customers, and stockholders for their continuing support. We look forward with
great anticipation to fiscal 2000 as next-generation technologies emerge, and
EA positions itself for continued future growth.
Lawrence F. Probst III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer