 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
In fiscal 2002 we significantly improved our performance versus the previous year and strengthened our position as the industry leader. EA sold more games, captured more market share and generated more revenue than ever before. We capitalized on our strong start in the new console cycle, enhanced our PC business, focused our online operation and grew our portfolio of game franchises. Most importantly, we positioned EA to maintain leadership for the years that lie ahead.

Our success is predicated on long-range strategic planning, accurate forecasting, effective risk management and precise execution. EA measures every decision with an understanding that our industry performs in cycles tied to the launch of new hardware platforms. We have exited the very challenging transition period from 32-bit and 64-bit systems to next generation technology that will provide the basis for continued revenue growth and increased profitability.
In the late 1990s, EA made three key strategic decisions:
| •••»
| •••»
| •••»
We predicted that Sony’s PlayStation®2 computer entertainment system would capture global leadership in the next generation of game consoles. As a result, we concentrated on mastering devel- opment for that system, aggressively supporting its launch and becoming the number one publisher for that platform.
We believed that next generation consoles from Sony, Nintendo and Microsoft would trigger unprecedented growth and make video games a mainstream force in entertainment. We, therefore, focused our resources on building technology tools and libraries that would allow us to create new products on multiple platforms in a cost-effective manner.
We understood that as the company moved through the difficult console transition, we could help insulate our business by generating greater revenue from our PC games and our global distribution capability. We made it a priority to build and acquire new intellectual properties that would drive market share growth on the PC.
Our strategic planning and effective execution through this most recent console transition allowed EA to generate outstanding results in fiscal 2002.
FISCAL 2002: A YEAR OF LEADERSHIP, GROWTH AND STRATEGIC POSITIONING
In the past year, EA strengthened its position as the worldwide leader in interactive entertainment. We grew our business across all markets; we provided compelling software that powered consumer migration to next generation consoles; we strengthened our powerful sports franchises; we developed important new properties; and we signed long-term co-publishing agreements with significant new partners.
We increased consolidated net revenue by 30 percent to over $1.7 billion and improved consolidated net income by $113 million to $102 million. Revenues were up in all territories, and in North America we celebrated a major milestone with revenue exceeding $1 billion for the first time. Revenue from our core business increased by 29 percent to over $1.6 billion. With higher sales and focused management of our expenses, operating income from our core business increased $163 million, or 132 percent, over the prior year. Pro forma* net income from our core business increased 106 percent to $217 million, and pro forma net income margin increased five points to 13 percent. We increased EA.com revenue by 83 percent to $77 million and by the fourth quarter had reduced our quarterly pro forma operating expenses by over $16 million compared to the peak quarter in the prior year.
4 EA 2002 AR

EA’s strong performance in fiscal 2002 was made possible by the depth and breadth of our product portfolio and the strength of our worldwide distribution system. Among a year of many blockbusters, three titles stood out:
| •••»
| •••»
| •••»
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s StoneTM – Based on the books and movie, this first game in our multi- year agreement with Warner Bros. became the fastest selling title in EA history. Developed for just four platforms, we sold 9.3 million units worldwide in less than five months. In fiscal 2003, our plans for a new Harry PotterTM game will include next generation consoles for the first time.
The SimsTM – This wholly-owned franchise is now the best-selling PC game of all time and is popular around the world. Our most valuable intellectual property will continue to deliver significant revenue and high margins in the coming years.
Madden NFLTM 2002 – This powerhouse franchise sold over 4.5 million units across eight platforms and was the number one selling console game in North America in fiscal 2002.
FISCAL 2002 PERFORMANCE MEASURED BY FOUR KEY INITIATIVES
At EA, we’ve established four strategic initiatives for guiding our success. These initiatives are as simple as they are ambitious. Our goals are to be the number one software publisher on next generation con- soles; to be number one on the PC; and to be number one online. The fourth key initiative is to make EA the number one people company for high-performance teams and individuals.
INITIATIVE #1: LEADERSHIP ON NEXT GENERATION CONSOLES
EA was the undisputed global leader on next generation consoles in fiscal 2002. Across all systems we were number one in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. In Japan, we were the leading Western publisher in a market typically dominated by local companies and titles.
On the PlayStation 2 console, which established a decisive lead among the new consoles, EA was the number one publisher with 28 percent market share and five of the top ten titles in the U.S. in fiscal 2002. Standout titles included Madden NFL 2002, NBA Street, James Bond 007 in... Agent Under FireTM, FIFA Soccer 2002 and Final Fantasy® X, which we distribute in North America for our joint venture partner—SquareSoft.
The year’s biggest headline was the launch of two new and impressive game consoles, the XboxTM video game system from Microsoft and the Nintendo GameCubeTM. Between the launch in November to the end of our fiscal year, EA was the number one independent publisher on both the Xbox and Nintendo GameCube in the U.S.
By year end, EA stood as the most prolific company on next generation platforms, releasing 18 titles on the PlayStation 2 console, 10 on the Xbox and five on the Nintendo GameCube.
EA 2002 AR 5

INITIATIVE #2: LEADERSHIP ON THE PC
EA is the number one entertainment software publisher on the PC in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific, and number two in Japan. We earned a 22 percent market share on the PC in the U.S. and had four of the top five titles in fiscal 2002.
The key driver of this success is the ongoing popularity of The Sims.The core product has sold in excess of 6.5 million units and was the best-selling PC game for the second year in a row—an extraordi- nary achievement. The Sims has inspired four expansion packs—Livin’ Large, House Party, Hot Date and Vacation—to bring total franchise sales to more than 15 million units to date.
EA increased PC market share across all territories with the release of other popular titles including Medal of Honor Allied AssaultTM, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone and Command & Conquer RenegadeTM.
INITIATIVE #3: LEADERSHIP ONLINE
In fiscal 2002, we increased EA.comSM revenue 83 percent; we reduced spending and focused on opera- tional efficiencies; we successfully integrated games and customers from our ad-driven PogoTM site; and we zeroed in on the development of core products such as Earth & BeyondTM and the highly anticipated The Sims OnlineTM. We are working hard to reach profitability and are targeting our first break-even quarter in fiscal 2003 when we release The Sims Online.
Based on total minutes served, EA.com is the fourth largest website behind only AOL, MSN and Yahoo!. At the end of our fiscal year, EA.com had more than 13 million unique monthly visitors who spent in excess of 4.6 billion minutes on the site—41 percent of the total U.S. online gaming market.
INITIATIVE #4: TO BE THE NUMBER ONE PEOPLE COMPANY FOR HIGH-PERFORMANCE TEAMS AND INDIVIDUALS
Our strategy for achieving this goal is to work with the very best talent, to provide training and career development and to offer rewarding compensation and benefit programs.This initiative has enhanced the quality of our organization and has attracted the attention of creative people in other sectors of the entertainment industry. Our human resources function has become a strategic weapon for EA—attracting, hiring and retaining the very best talent in our industry. We are committed to making EA the best place to work for people that share our passion for interactive entertainment and performance excellence.
BUILDING ON LEADERSHIP IN FISCAL 2003 AND INTO THE NEXT TECHNOLOGY CYCLE
Our management team has navigated several cycles of technology transition. We made the difficult deci- sions that were required to move EA successfully through a challenging period. Now we are well positioned to capture the growth of the new cycle. Revenues from our core packaged goods business will increase, operating margins will expand and our EA.com business will reach its first break-even quarter in fiscal 2003.
                   6 EA 2002 AR

In fiscal 2003 EA will build on solid franchises and innovate with new titles.
| •••» | •••» | •••» | •••» | •••»
Dramatic enhancements and new functionality will appear in blockbuster sports products like FIFA Soccer, Madden NFL Football and NBA Live.
Games will be inspired by films like Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Lord of the Rings and James Bond.
Stunning new versions of classics like SimCityTM, Need for SpeedTM and Command & ConquerTM will be released.
Distribution agreements with entertainment giants like LEGO System A/S, Fox Interactive, LucasArts, SquareSoft and Capcom will enrich our product portfolio.
The Sims Online will allow subscribers to create characters, build environments and live out fan- tasies in a persistent state world.
We have long believed that interactive entertainment would grow from a niche market into main- stream entertainment—now we are helping to drive that reality. Revenues from a successful game can rival or exceed those of a successful film, and our demographics are becoming as broad as the audience for television.
As the industry moves into the “sweet spot” of this cycle, EA management is already beginning to plan for the next generation of technology. We are building our team of talented and experienced people, defining our strategic direction and working towards our goal of making EA one of the most exciting and profitable entertainment companies of the 21st century.
Finally, I want to thank our employees, business partners, customers and stockholders for their commitment and support of Electronic Arts.
Sincerely,
Lawrence F. Probst III
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
*Pro forma net income (loss) excludes unusual events or transactions, such as restructuring and asset impairment costs and charges for acquired in-process technology, and also excludes amortization of intangibles and non-cash stock compensation charges. In addition, pro forma net income (loss) for the core business and EA.com provides for the allocation of income taxes on a proportional basis to the respective income or loss from each of these segments. See financial statements beginning on page 42 for GAAP presentation.
This Annual Report, including this Letter to Stockholders, as well as Management’s Discussion and Analysis on pages 14 to 40, contains forward- looking statements about circumstances that have not yet occurred. All statements, trend analysis and other information related to markets, our products and trends in revenue, as well as other statements including such words as “anticipate”, “believe” or “expect” and statements in the future tense are forward-looking statements.These forward-looking statements are subject to business and economic risks and actual events or our actual future results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements due to such risks and uncertainties. We will not necessarily update information if any forward-looking statement later turns out to be inaccurate. Risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results and performance include, but are not limited to those listed under the heading “Risk Factors” at page 39 of this Annual Report and discussed under the same heading in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2002.
 EA 2002 AR 7
