To Our Shareholders, Team Members, Guests, Franchise Partners and Supplier Partners:
GAINING MOMENTUM Our performance in fiscal 2014 is a direct result of the strategies and initiatives we've put in place to deliver consistent earnings growth even in a challenging economic environment. Our balanced approach to drive topline sales, improve operations and return value to you, our shareholders was evident this year. Brinker earned $2.71 per share on an adjusted basis. This represents a 15.8 percent increase year-over-year, and our 4th consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth. We improved our margins another 40 basis points. And we returned $303 million dollars to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. As we head into the next fiscal year, we're confident our brands, Chili's Grill & Bar and Maggiano's Little Italy will build on the momentum from this year and will continue to strengthen our relevance and further differentiate us from our competitors. Chili's Grill & Bar Fiscal 2014 marked the third consecutive year of positive comp sales for Chili's. While the first half of the year started out softer than planned, we steadily improved our top line growth for a strong finish in Q4 with 2.5 percent comp sales growth. As we look ahead, the key to Chili's continued success is growing sales and traffic through initiatives that drive relevance and differentiation. Culinary innovation is critical to achieving our goals, and we're seeing success from our efforts. This year we introduced Fresh Mex, our enhanced Mexican platform. Fresh Mex clearly differentiates us from our competitors because it is true to our heritage and is rooted in the unique flavor profiles of the Southwest. Our new Fresh Mex Bowls, Enchiladas, Tostadas and Crispy Tacos were popular with guests, and we expanded the menu with the addition of Table-side Guacamole and Mix and Match Fajitas.

Expect to see new Fresh Mex menu items along with improved food quality and relevance as we continue to renovate and innovate our core menu in 2015. Another way we're differentiating the Chili's brand is by leveraging technology to enhance our guests' dining experience. Several years ago we introduced new technology in the Back of House, `Kitchen of the Future,' which improved the quality and consistency of our food and opened up new possibilities for culinary innovation. This year we introduced Ziosk tablets in the Front of House. Ziosk provides entertainment for our guests and allows them to control their dining experience by ordering drinks and desserts and even paying their check, all at the table. Ziosk is in all of our company owned restaurants and we have the largest network of tabletop devices in the country. We are building on this foundation by investing in additional guest-centric technology, such as a loyalty program and enhancing our To Go business by improving our on-line and mobile ordering experience. On the restaurant development front, we opened 10 new company-owned Chili's restaurants in the U.S. in fiscal 2014. Collectively, sales volumes at these restaurants are higher than the company average and returns are above our hurdle rate. In the coming year, we will open another 8-10 Chili's in the U.S., including our first location on the Las Vegas Strip. We believe it will be high volume, and serve as a billboard for the brand to the millions of consumers who pass through Las Vegas each year. We're also driving incremental revenue with a new grocery line of high quality, frozen Chili's "At Home" entrees. These are now available in more than 13,000 retail locations, including all Wal-Mart stores, and more than 20 new SKUs are under development. Most importantly, our guests and team members understand the importance of giving back to our communities. Our annual fundraising effort for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital is just one example of how our team members rally to support great causes. Last year, Chili's guests and team members helped us reach our commitment of raising more than $50 million for St. Jude, the largest donation from a single partner in the hospital's history. It would not have happened without the hard work and dedication of our team members, and we're proud of our continued relationship with St. Jude.

Maggiano's Little Italy Maggiano's delivered its 18th consecutive quarter of comp sales growth, ending the year up 0.6 percent. Last year, the brand began growing again for the first time in five years opening two new restaurants. The restaurants are a smaller prototype complete with Maggiano's signature traditional elements like high ceilings and rich hardwood floors, but with a strategically sized kitchen and without banquet spaces. Guest reaction to these new restaurants is encouraging, and we are confident they will deliver targeted returns. We plan to open four new Maggiano's locations in 2015. The Maggiano's culinary team is also focused on food innovation and in the coming year, will launch a new menu featuring a lighter take on traditional Italian fare such as Chicken Parmesan and Fettuccine Alfredo. Our guests tell us they want traditional Italian items with reduced calories, and we've delivered. These new items have the same flavors and generous portions with at least one-third fewer calories. Global Business Development The Chili's brand continues to be strong all around the world. Our international franchise restaurants ended the year with comp sales up 1.6 percent ­ the 18th consecutive quarter of positive comp sales internationally. During the year, we built 32 Chili's restaurants, giving us 307 international locations in 31 countries including two U.S. territories. In fiscal 2015, we plan to open another 35-39 restaurants. We also integrated the 11 restaurants we acquired from our Canadian franchisee into our company-owned system and have begun reimaging them. We believe Canada continues to be a growth opportunity for us, with one new opening this year and one planned for fiscal 2015. Our international franchisees are implementing the `Kitchen of the Future' with fifty restaurants now retrofitted and two-thirds of the global system to be completed by the end of fiscal 2015. All of our franchisees are committed to Chili's, and we appreciate their support and alignment on our initiatives. We look forward to continued strong results from our partnerships.

BUILDING ON A SOLID FOUNDATION We are pleased the plans we put in place to grow Chili's and Maggiano's continue to produce results. The foundation we have built is enabling us to take these brands to greater heights, making them the restaurants of choice for our guests. Going forward, we will continue to drive top-line growth while enhancing the experience of our team members and guests. We will continue to execute initiatives that strengthen our brand relevance and further differentiate us from our competitors. In fiscal 2015, we will:  Continue to innovate our menus with Fresh Mex variations, new differentiated products, and lighter take options;  Leverage technology to launch a loyalty program and enhance our guests' experience at the table, online, and on their mobile devices;  Offer consumers a new Chili's experience with more at-home entrees available in the frozen aisle of national grocers;  Continue to build new restaurants within all three divisions of our business. All of these initiatives, paired with a strong cash flow, will help generate fiscal 2015 EPS in the range of $3.00 to $3.15, as we continue toward our long-term goal of fiscal 2017 EPS of $4.00. We have momentum. We have the right team and the right strategies in place to maintain this positive trajectory. We appreciate our valued shareholders and the continued support of our business. Sincerely,

Wyman T. Roberts Chief Executive Officer and President


