  To Our Shareholders, Employees, and Guests
Over the past year, we have witnessed a series of unbelievable events that have profoundly affected our nation, our economy, and our daily lives. As Americans, we have responded with
strength and optimism, demonstrating once more the indomitable spirit that defines our way of life. As a company, Brinker International also faced a complex and shifting landscape following these events. We have challenged and reexamined who we are and where we are going, and we have confirmed that, even in an uncertain environ- ment, our long-term game plan is strategically sound and remains intact. In short, we’ve looked at the critical issues for the journey ahead and made the decision to stay the course.
Taking the lessons learned from almost three decades of solid success, we’ve focused our resources to maintain Brinker’s position as an innovative and dynamic leader in our industry. More than ever, our guests are looking for satisfying social interaction with family and friends in a relaxed atmosphere. As the world’s premier casual dining company, we are committed to providing that enjoyable experience and keeping dining options lively and on-trend. The key long-term drivers of
our business – consumer lifestyles, demographics, dual-income households, the inconvenience of cooking at home, and the ever present time crunch – remain relevant and hold true for the foreseeable future.
Brinker’s vibrant concept portfolio is exceptionally well positioned for the growth and development of new restaurants – today and for the long haul. We’re proud to stake our claim to the “casual side of casual dining,” and millions of guests clearly
5

   Douglas H. Brooks
President and
Chief Operating Officer
Ronald A. McDougall
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
6

  appreciate our modest price points. Our concept line-up is unmatched in both depth and quality. Our dedicated, fully integrated concept management teams have great leaders who combine vision with decisiveness and an entrepreneurial spirit. These seasoned and passionate individuals continue to focus their attention on building the equity of their individual restaurant brands. Each team is driven by a desire to provide a consummate dining atmosphere and unparalleled service to every guest, while exercising responsible fiscal stewardship systemwide. Established and emerging concepts are refining their culinary cultures to deliver the optimum customer experience in each of their competitive segments. We’re introducing our exciting flavor profiles to an increasingly larger audience throughout the world, while providing our shareholders with enhanced value and consistent performance. Unwavering commitment from our staff to exceed expectations is what keeps Brinker stable and at the forefront of our industry. And staying ahead of consumer trends helps us keep loyal guests year after year.
In spite of all the extraordinary events that occurred, fiscal 2002 was an exceptional year in terms of strong results along with several noteworthy milestones.
• Added 129 new restaurants, bringing our systemwide total to 1,268 units.
• Systemwide sales surpassed $3.4 billion.
• Honored as one of “America’s Most Admired Companies” by Fortune magazine.
• Acquired 39 Chili’s and future development rights in 11 states from a
franchise partner.
7

  • Opened restaurants in 3 new countries – Taiwan, Qatar, and Oman – giving us a presence in 22 countries.
• Romano’s Macaroni Grill won Restaurants & Institutions’ “Platinum Choice in Chains” award for the fourth straight year.
• Opened a new Chili’s in Anchorage, Alaska, expanding our national presence to 49 states.
• Received a Platinum Award from Forbes magazine as one of “America’s Best Big Companies.”
• Stock price hit an all-time high.
These milestones have been accomplished by actively building on our success.
At Brinker we’re unwilling to rest on our laurels. Our innovative concept teams constantly examine the fundamentals of their operations, looking for areas to enhance our product offerings and service while satisfying the sophisticated tastes of our guests. Targeted and disciplined expansion, stressing the basics while raising the bar, building an infrastructure in pace with growth, cultivating a worldwide team of talented and energetic employees, and adherence to integrity are among the key elements that keep Brinker International proud of its achievements and enthusiastic about the future.
We’re also proud to be part of a team that is committed to giving back to its community and working together to benefit our neighbors. In fiscal 2002, our restaurants participated in the national “Dine Out for America” program, donating
8

  funds to those affected by the events of last fall. Each year, Brinker International sponsors and operates The Pavilion at the Byron Nelson Golf Classic, donating the proceeds to a number of charities including the Salesmanship Club, Texas Scottish Rite Hospital for Children, and Limbs for Life. And our team members systemwide contribute countless volunteer hours and fundraising efforts in support of local charities.
It’s an exciting time to be a part of Brinker International as we capitalize on
the tremendous momentum we’ve established. We will continue to adapt to the challenging external landscape and maintain our uncompromising commitment to quality, our growth strategy, and our shared vision. We have the right concepts, the right leaders, and the right game plan. Individually strong, we’re unbeatable as a team, and we’re determined to “stay the course.” We thank you, the shareholders, employees, and guests, for placing your confidence in us as we move forward with direction and purpose.
  Douglas H. Brooks
President and
Chief Operating Officer
Ronald A. McDougall
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
9
