To Our Team Members, Guests, Franchise Partners, Supplier Partners, and Shareholders
We continued our focus in fiscal year 2010 on transforming our organization, staying on course to achieve the long-term priorities for the business. While the pace of the economic recovery is slow, the changes we are implementing are aggressive and bold. We are confident Brinker will maintain a highly profitable leadership position in the casual dining world as we streamline and modify our business model. We must deliver a consistently high-quality experience that earns guest loyalty and also provides Team Members an enjoyable and profitable work experience ­ and we are committed to doing just that.

Streamlining Our Portfolio
On June 30, in a very difficult economic environment, we completed the sale of On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina® to an affiliate of Golden Gate Capital for roughly $180 million. And while we still hold a minority stake in Romano's Macaroni Grill®, our focus now is on maximizing the legacy and future of Chili's® Grill & Bar and Maggiano's Little Italy®.

Loving the Brand!
The Brinker brands have earned a loyal following throughout our rich history. We appreciate that loyalty and have great respect for our guests' feedback. At Brinker, we believe feedback is priceless. We have been listening closer than ever to our guests and Team Members, and reacting quickly to respond to their priceless feedback. And in the process of keeping our loyal guests, winning back guests, and welcoming new guests, we stay firmly committed to our four areas of focus ­ Sales, Profits, Guests and Team Members. Every decision we make must impact one of those four areas. Our Brinker Team Members are responsible for creating a great guest experience. Our success will be dependent on doing what we have done best from the very beginning ­ delivering great food and excellent service at the pace our guests expect. While these basic premises are easy to understand, the changes needed within Brinker to inspire renewed loyalty and generate sustained profitability are not easy. But they are the key to a future that provides great returns for our Shareholders, Team Members and all who have a stake in the ongoing success of our business.

Team Members and Guests
We introduced "Team Service" this year to encourage full-court hospitality for our guests. Two servers support each other to help ensure every guest receives attentive, timely service. This new service model enhances the guest experience while also reducing labor costs. We are already seeing tremendous benefits in terms of better service to the guests, better teamwork and better earnings for our servers. And in response to guest feedback, this year we made numerous changes to our menu. In doing so, we now provide a wider array of high-quality menu selections. In the future, we will continue to bring new and exciting items to the menu for our guests' dining pleasure. As Chili's worked hard to enhance its signature dishes like our Baby Back Ribs, now smoked

over pecan wood, and our burgers, prepared fresh and grilled to perfection, we also created new appetizers, drinks and entrees designed to complement the existing menu. For example, based on guest feedback indicating a desire for a light, fruit salad, we brought back an iteration of our popular Caribbean Salad. Maggiano's continued to please guests who are looking for an excellent, enjoyable dining experience any day of the week. Recently, we took an old Italian tradition and put Maggiano's signature on it ­ guests who order a delicious pasta from a special section of the menu will receive, compliments of our chef, a freshly prepared classic pasta to take home. Guests were clamoring so much for the return of this revolutionary value after its initial feature offering that it's now a permanent fixture on the brand's menu. Menu choices for the Classic Pastas include guest favorites like Gnocchi with Tomato Vodka Sauce, Mom's Lasagna, Taylor Street Baked Ziti, Four Cheese Ravioli and Fettucine Alfredo. It's a great value for our guests and a way for us to say "Thank you. We look forward to serving you again." There are now many ways to enjoy the culinary delights from Maggiano's including dine-in, take-out, catering, delivery and the ever-popular banquets in our beautiful banquet rooms.

Technology
It is imperative to provide our Managers with the best tools available to streamline their work. In doing so, they can focus on training Team Members to provide exceptional guest service. This year we began implementing several key technology solutions that will improve our operating margins, help us maintain greater control over our business and remove barriers to effective labor management. As Managers use these improved systems, they find they can better control food costs by managing inventory levels and tracking orders based on more accurate forecasts. We also implemented new technology that supports a fully integrated kitchen. In essence, it allows Team Members in one location to work together more efficiently which translates into our guests receiving accurate orders in a timely manner. The system is flexible, so it can grow as we grow.

Kitchen - the Heart of the House
While it all starts when the guest walks in the door, what happens in the kitchen is key to providing the guest with an excellent dining experience. When guests' feedback indicated we needed to be more attentive to their pace needs, especially at lunch, we took that feedback and challenged ourselves to find the best cooking technology available. In doing so, we will enhance our cooking platform. We began implementing what we call the "Kitchen of the Future." It has been designed to help us consistently deliver great food faster, from Crispy Honey-Chipotle Chicken Crispers® and Shiner Bock® Baby Back Ribs to Fajitas and Big Mouth Burgers®. It will also provide culinary flexibility, allowing us to create new and exciting menu items that will bring guests in to visit us more often. These kitchen innovations will fundamentally change the kitchen flow and enable the heart-of-the-house to work together as a team. In our test markets, Team Members are

communicating and working together better than ever. We believe the result of this "Kitchen of the Future" will be increased productivity, greater efficiency, and more focused Team Members. And, most importantly, it will translate into a great dining experience for our guests.

World Wide Presence
We continue to be excited about our joint venture and franchise partnerships around the world. In the past five years, we have doubled the number of international operations to 213 restaurants in 29 countries and two territories, keeping us on track to meet our five-year plan of 425 international locations by 2014. This puts us well on our way to achieving our goal to be the global casual dining leader. We plan to continue our growth internationally through equity investments and franchise partnerships as we position ourselves to take advantage of demographic and eating trends that will only accelerate in the rest of the world over the next decade. Here in the United States, and in keeping with our plan, we have increased the percentage of franchise owners and are proud of our relationships with them. At the end of fiscal year 2010, we owned, operated and franchised a total of 1,505 Chili's and 45 Maggiano's restaurants.

Giving Back
A priority at Brinker International, and one that our Team Members feel passionate about, is giving back to the community through volunteer support, charitable donations and community outreach. Our restaurants across the country give back to their local communities in a number of ways. One of the most popular at Chili's is to host local Give Back Nights during which a particular location donates a percentage of a designated evening's sales to a local charitable organization. Local sports teams, schools, libraries, Boys & Girls clubs, pet rescues and firefighter and police organizations have all reaped the benefits of participation in such events. Each Brinker brand has named a national charitable partner to be supported by inrestaurant fundraising initiatives. In September 2009, Chili's guests and Team Members joined forces for the sixth year of the Create-A-Pepper to Fight Childhood Cancer campaign to support St. Jude Children's Research Hospital®. But our support of this worthy cause reaches beyond Childhood Cancer Awareness month each September. In 2006, we announced a 10-year goal to raise $50 million for St. Jude, and thus far, we've raised more than $30 million towards that goal. The Chili's Care Center, built in 2007, is the first medical building on the St. Jude campus to bear the name of a corporate partner. The iconic chili pepper over the door of the Chili's Care Center is emblematic of our continued commitment to the patients of St. Jude. Last fiscal year, Maggiano's Little Italy raised more than $500,000 to help grant the wishes of more than 65 children during our seventh annual "Eat-A-Dish for Make-A-Wish" campaign. This far exceeded the original goal of raising enough funds to help grant at least one wish per restaurant through food and drink donations from the special "Eat-A-Dish-for Make-A-Wish" menu; contributions for new guest sign-ups to Maggiano's e-mail club; and guest donations to purchase star-shaped cards displayed in the restaurants. Additionally, many restaurants hosted individualized special events--many donating send-off or welcome home parties for deserving Wish kids. To date, guests and Team Members have donated more than $1.5 million to the Make-A-Wish Foundation®.

Additionally, through our Corporate Contributions Program at the Restaurant Support Center in Dallas, we continue to give to organizations focused on health, social services, children, diversity, and arts and education. This year, we continued our long-time support of Susan G. Komen for the Cure®, Scottish Rite Hospital for Children® and The North Texas Food Bank among many others. The Brinker Family Fund, funded entirely by Brinker Team Members who donate through their paychecks, assists Team Members nationwide during times of crisis. This past year, almost $1,000,000 was provided to support 565 BrinkerHeads when they needed it most.

What Lies Ahead
We say it all the time. "Our people make the difference." We know that talented, committed Team Members are the most important part of the equation. We strive to hire Team Members who are smart, motivated and understand what it means to provide Brinker hospitality, because our passion is making people feel special. Our exceptional history is certainly worth celebrating. We are fortunate to be in an organization that has received so many accolades over the years. And while it's nice to reminisce about those accomplishments, today we have new competitors and we're in a very different economic environment. There are more options from which diners can choose, and increasingly different ways to create an enjoyable dining experience. At Brinker, our mission remains serving the world a great taste of life. Our cultural beliefs include: feedback is priceless because we see more through your feedback, every Team Member needs to own our desired results so we can all win together, and we must act in a manner that cultivates trust in others. These strongly held cultural beliefs will turn our actions into the results all of us want for our Company. The proactive investments we're making now are investments back into the business and they are necessary to help us create a more profitable future. Many challenges lie ahead and we remain passionate and committed to winning. We are excited about tackling all of those challenges and staying focused on Sales, Profits, Guests and Team Members. That is what winning together looks like to me.

Sincerely,

Douglas H. Brooks Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer and President

