C H A I R M AN ' S LETTER

To all our stakeholders ­ team members, guests, supplier par tners, fr anchise par tners, and shareholders.

E

very day, throughout the world, Brinker International® welcomes more than 1.2 million people to our restaurants. Our guests know we'll extend a warm welcome, offer a comfortable place to dine, make them feel special, and, of course, deliver great value with delicious food and signature drinks.

Despite the current economic downturn, guests continue to savor the opportunity to dine out at Brinker® restaurants. Whether they are grabbing a quick lunch while managing a packed schedule or lingering over a celebratory meal with friends or family, our guests have come to appreciate the hospitality offered by Brinker brands. By connecting with our guests and being attentive, we provide the thoughtful and customized service our guests expect and deserve. We are Serving the world a great taste of life through the Power of Welcome.SM

An intensified focus

I

n early 2008, we conducted an honest and straightforward review that confirmed our strategic plans were still valid and compelling. But in the course of our analysis, we came to realize our tactical approach had to be streamlined to essential actions that make a lasting and dramatic impact on our core operations. Our discussions narrowed the attention of our organization to Five Areas of Focus. Our five strategic priorities are designed to grow our base business by engaging our guests, differentiating our brands from competitors throughout the industry, reducing the costs associated with managing our restaurants, and establishing a vibrant presence in key markets around the world. The fact that our Five Areas of Focus primarily address growth within the four walls of our restaurants is by design. You will also notice that each of the five areas builds upon, complements, and enables the other four to create a fully integrated and powerful advantage for Brinker and its brands.

1) Hospitality
Our top priority remains creating a culture of hospitality that establishes emotional connections with our guests and engages our Team Members. We believe that providing a consistently warm, welcoming, and engaging dining experience will continue to differentiate Brinker brands from all others in the industry. Hospitality also builds guest loyalty, as evidenced by the feedback we gather in our guest satisfaction surveys. And as

we deliver an outstanding guest experience, we also engage and retain the loyal Team Members who enable us to deliver on our hospitality promise. At Brinker, we call hospitality the "Power of Welcome". It's our commitment to:

» Get Real ­ by making a human connection
 with every guest, every Team Member, at every  opportunity, every day.

C H A I R M AN ' S LETTER

» Make it Right ­ with the freedom to serve.
 We'll do whatever it takes to make sure  our guests feel special and leave happier  than when they came in.

3) Food and Beverage Excellence
Excellence at the core of our business is an ongoing area of focus for Brinker brands as we deliver daily on high standards of execution and quality in food and beverage. We also strive to offer an enticing array of menu items that align with the culinary perspective of each brand, while continually introducing new dishes that acknowledge current trends and intrigue our loyal guests.

» Give Back ­ we'll share our spirit of generosity 
 by lending a hand to our Team Members,  friends, and neighbors in need. Guests receive the highest level of service and hospitality because we have the tools available to ensure we hire Team Members for both their service skills and their hospitality quotient.

Chili's Grill & Bar ®, our flagship brand, continues to differentiate itself by capitalizing on the vibrant personality of the brand's iconic chili pepper. Guests can take a break from the mundane and everyday sameness by "Peppering In" some fun with meals that are anything but ordinary. They continue to enjoy such favorites as Chicken Crispers®, Baby Back Ribs, Fajitas, and Big Mouth Burgers®. A new addition this year, Big Mouth ® Bites, mini burgers served with Jalapeño

Chili's newly remodeled Margarita Bar

2) Restaurant Atmosphere
Ensuring that our restaurant atmosphere  represents the unique personalities of our  brands and offers a warm and welcoming setting for guests is another key focus for Brinker International. Our current re-imaging program at Chili's® provides a more contemporary take on our well-known brand in a fun and festive manner while also driving incremental traffic. Based on guest feedback and the goal of providing the most comfortable, efficient, and hospitable experience for guests at each of our brands, we will continue to look at ways to offer an atmosphere that our Big Mouth® Bites Chili's Grill & Bar guests will truly enjoy.
Sizzling Shrimp Scampi Romano's Macaroni Grill

C H A I R M AN ' S LETTER

Ranch dressing for dipping, quickly became the number-one selling burger on the Chili's menu.

On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina® proudly serves some of the world's favorite Mexican food, and continually looks for opportunities to spice up the menu with new offerings that include guest favorites, exciting new features, healthier choices, and value offerings. New versions of tacos and fajitas have been added to the menu, along with new specialty drinks. On The Border® was named the platinum winner of the 2008 Consumers' Choice in Chains award in the Mexican segment by Restaurants & Institutions magazine, an award voted on by consumers. Maggiano's Little Italy ® serves up consistent culinary excellence with innovative, made-from-scratch recipes created by talented chefs. Combining the freshest ingredients available into creative new dishes, the brand

highlights seasonal specials as well as the popular family-style dining. Well-appointed yet comfortable banquet spaces are perfect for all types of special celebrations and continue to be an important part of the business. In May, our Maggiano's® team was honored by Nations Restaurant News with a 2008 Menu Masters Award for Best Single Product Rollout ­ Braised Beef Cannelloni.

At Romano's Macaroni Grill®, the brand builds on the success of its chef-inspired menu by masterfully blending the tastes of Italy with modern inspiration. Wine-inspired creations were introduced this year along with a popular promotion, "Create Your Own Primo Pasta". This promotion allowed guests to "play chef" by choosing among six premium ingredients to customize their pasta creations.
Our culinary and marketing teams at all four brands have developed menu options that allow guests to enjoy a high-quality restaurant meal at a great value. Whether a guest dines at a Brinker restaurant in Dallas or Dubai, they will experience our unwavering commitment to quality.

Baked Ziti & Sausage Maggiano's Little Italy

4) International Expansion
The rising costs of construction, labor, and commodities demand a more disciplined approach to domestic growth. Accordingly, we've adjusted our strategy by moderating our domestic corporate openings for the near future and focusing more heavily on the performance of our existing restaurants. Additionally, we are cultivating strong franchise partnerships both domestically and internationally. Our partners are experienced business owners

Brisket Tacos On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina

C H A I R M AN ' S LETTER



2

3 1

7 5

6 4

International Expansion
 2. Ramstein Air Base, Germany 5. AL Garhoud, Dubai, UAE

1. Al Manar Mall, Dubai, UAE 4. City Stars, Egypt 7. Kadena Air Base, Japan

3. Morato, Philippines

6. Cairo, Egypt

who bring decades of expertise and a passionate commitment to the people who work and dine in their restaurants. Although competition in the United States has escalated significantly over the past three decades, the international demand for a variety of restaurant choices continues to flourish. The global marketplace offers a wealth of opportunity for Brinker and its brands. Our international guests respond enthusiastically to the unique tastes and profiles we offer. Competition in the casual dining segment is not well developed in many parts of the world, so the potential for leadership remains strong. In addition, the many cost

advantages in terms of food, facilities, and labor make international markets especially attractive to Brinker International as well as our global franchise partners. We intend to continue building on our success in the global marketplace with a number of competitive advantages. While many competitors have only one brand to offer potential franchise partners, Brinker can point to the power of a rich portfolio. The price points we offer make our casual dining brands accessible to a broad segment of the population. Leading our expansion efforts is the most experienced international team in casual dining, bringing 220 years of international experience to the table.

CHAIRMAN'S LE T TER

At the end of fiscal year 2008, our international exposure consisted of 178 Brinker restaurants in 24 countries. Those totals, added to our domestic presence, translate to 1,888 restaurants worldwide.

and servers can be more accessible and attentive to guests in the dining room. Our focus on pace and convenience is not limited to the dine-in experience. We are also building on our strength and innovation in ToGo by implementing significant improvements that help us deliver hot, fresh orders that are on time and accurate. These improvements include new technologies as well as new packaging and new processes designed to offer a superior ToGo experience.

5) Pace and Convenience
Perhaps our most exciting area of focus is transforming the casual dining experience in terms of pace and convenience for the guest. From what our guests tell us in satisfaction surveys, pace and convenience is all about guest choice ­ putting them in control of the dining experience. Whether the guest is in a hurry or wants to relax over a leisurely meal, Brinker brands deliver an experience like none other in the industry. Our focus on hospitality combined with process improvements and significant investments in new restaurant technologies will enable us to grow our business by delivering a tailored dining experience for each guest. Comprehensive hospitality training emphasizes the importance of looking for clues that help Team Members understand and act on our guests' needs. In addition, we are streamlining and revamping processes in the front and back of the house so food delivery can be appropriately timed

Giving back

E

ven as we expand the reach of Brinker International around the globe, our hearts remain rooted in the many communities we serve. Our mission, Serving the world a great taste of life through the Power of Welcome, is about more than serving great food. It's also about sharing the fruits of our success and improving the quality of the lives of others through charitable support, community outreach, and volunteerism.

Chili's guests and Team Members come together each September to raise funds for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital® through the "Create-A-Pepper to Fight Childhood Cancer" campaign. This past year alone, an amazing $8.2 million was raised by Chili's for St. Jude. Maggiano's Little Italy supports the

CHAIRMAN'S LE T TER

Make-A-Wish Foundation® through their annual "Eat-A-Dish for MakeA-Wish" and "Become A Star" promotions. Romano's Macaroni Grill continues their national partnership with the Meals on Wheels Association of America with programs and promotions in their restaurants. Team Members also dedicate their time delivering meals, feeding volunteers, and making personal connections in the community. During the past year, On The Border re-established a national partnership with Susan G. Komen for the Cure®. Throughout the month of October, they launched a nationwide event in their restautrants ­ "Fiesta for the Cure" ­ giving guests an opportunity to support this important cause. The departments in the Restaurant Support Center in Dallas reach out to various charitable organizations in the community by volunteering their time as well as donating goods and necessities to those in need. The Brinker Family Fund, established in 1997, holds a special place in the hearts of Brinker Team Members throughout the country. Team Members donate to the Fund through their paychecks and the money is used to help Team Members who have fallen on hard times. Last year more than $1.5 million dollars helped 550 BrinkerHeads and their families in a time of crisis. A highlight of this past year for Brinker International was the opening last November of the Chili's Care Center on the St. Jude campus in Memphis, Tennessee. This Center was made possible through the donations over the past few years from Chili's annual "Create-A-Pepper to Fight Childhood Cancer" campaign.

HERE FOR THE LONG HAUL
ver more than 33 years of playing restaurant, Brinker Team Members have seen their share of prosperity and challenge. Through it all, the BrinkerHead spirit of working hard and playing hard enables us to see the many benefits we offer to guests every day. No matter what's happening with the economy, the weather, or with political factions all over the world, Brinker Team Members have the privilege of working in an environment where they can make real connections. As our guests seek a respite from the many demands in their lives, we will be ready with open doors, a welcoming smile, and always a special place at our tables. Sincerely,

O

Douglas H. Brooks Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President

