 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
employees, guests, and business partners...
  02
W HEN OUR FIRST RESTAURANTS WERE OPENED MORE THAN
THREE DECADES AGO, CASUAL DINING WAS STILL IN ITS INFANCY. THERE WERE RELATIVELY FEW COMPETITORS IN THE SPACE, AND STRONG DEMAND FOR OUR BRANDS FUELED EXPONENTIAL GROWTH WITH LESS STRATEGIC EFFORT ON OUR PART. NOW THAT THE MARKET IS MORE MATURE, IT REQUIRES A SOPHISTICATED BUSINESS STRATEGY TO KEEP THE
MOMENTUM GOING.
As we announced in our 2005 annual report, we have been hard at work developing a clear
strategy to enhance shareholder value, with the goal of growing earnings per diluted share by
15 percent annually. All of the brands and support departments were invited to participate in this strategic planning process. And when all was said and done, our strategic focus zeroed in on six competitive advantages and six behaviors that set Brinker International apart. We call them our “12-Pack.”
The 12-Pack not only defines our strategic priorities — it also provides a clear course of action that empowers individual employees to help us stay on track. We’ve made it a priority to integrate these mantras into our daily thinking, with the strong belief that everything we say or do should tie back to our competitive advantages
 MILESTONES: FISCAL YEAR 2006
   At the corporate level, Brinker International marked a number of milestones in Fiscal Year 2006.
To begin with, we paid our first-ever quarterly dividend of 10 cents
per share in December. Brinker International also moved upward on
FORTUNE Magazine’s Most Admired Companies of 2006, where we were ranked as the top casual dining company in the food services category. At the end of the fiscal year, our total number of restaurants topped 1,600, with locations spanning 24 countries.
And in Fiscal Year 2007, we plan to open a new restaurant every other day on average. In addition to these systemwide highlights, our individual restaurant brands reached several milestones of their own.
    
  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
        “12-Pack” defines our corporate priorities and provides a clear course of action for individual employees to help the company stay on track.
   and Brinker behaviors.
For every proposal, project, or situation,
BrinkerHeads should be able to show how it connects to at least one of the 12-Pack. In fact, we’ve taken
it as a personal challenge at the corporate office to point out how even everyday tasks can be linked to
a specific advantage or behavior. For example, if you find yourself humming the Chili’s Baby Back Ribs jingle, you’re helping to develop a cult brand. And suppose you offer to pitch in when a coworker needs
help; you’re playing well together. Once you begin to make these associations, the strategy takes on a more personal degree of relevance and becomes more powerful.
In the company highlights that follow, I encourage you to look for the connections yourself — to identify the elements of the 12-Pack that are driving our decisions. These are the advantages and behaviors that will shape our success for years to come.
03
  CHILI’S GRILL & BAR®
Big Mouth Burger®
 Chili’s opened a record 132 restaurants in Fiscal Year 2006 including company- owned, and domestic and international franchised. This also marks the first
time our company has opened 100 company-owned restaurants for a particular brand in one year. And Chili’s has plans to further accelerate its growth in Fiscal Year 2007 by opening 120-130 company-owned locations; 10-15 domestic franchised
 
 04
  Moving forward with a united front
With a clear strategy to direct us, Brinker International is stronger as a company. Our decisions are driven by a shared vision that encour- ages BrinkerHeads across our entire portfolio of brands to freely share ideas, talent, and resources — working smarter and more efficiently while leveraging our economies of scale. By fully articu- lating our competitive advantages and the key behaviors that support them, we have a critical tool that will enable us to continue moving in the right direction. As we look ahead, we can say with confidence that we all have the same destination
in sight.
Douglas H. Brooks
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer, and President
  CHILI’S GRILL & BAR®
 Chicken & Shrimp Fajitas
   and 30-40 international franchised locations. Chili’s has entered into
an agreement that will bring the first Chili’s restaurant to Montana — putting the chain on the map in all 50 states.
Chili’s Baby Back Ribs
   