CHAIRMAN'S LETTER
To all of our stakeholders ­ team members, guests, supplier partners, franchise partners, and shareholders:

b

When Chili's® welcomed me to the company as an assistant manager in 1978, casual dining was a relatively new concept. For the first time, emerging chains like Chili's offered both an upscale alternative to fast food and a casual, affordable variation on fine dining. Our popularity, and our company, was growing by leaps and bounds. And as a new team member, I had the opportunity to evolve my career as the restaurant itself evolved.

A


t the time, casual dining represented a whole new way of thinking. And today, changing

And we are confident in our strategies for meeting those needs.
It's time to rethink casual dining.

consumer demands are again signaling the need for change. Now, as CEO of Brinker International®, I have the challenge and privilege of leading the company through this new era. Despite some difficult realities facing our segment, I remain optimistic about the possibilities that lie ahead. The good news is that more people around the world are dining out. In fact, the demand for casual dining in our international markets today is on par with the fervor that made Chili's an American icon in the 1980s.Yet, domestically, we are keenly aware that competition has skyrocketed since we opened our doors. Thirty years ago, there was roughly one restaurant for every 1,000 people in the nation. Compare that with one for every 526 people in 2007. (Source: The NPD Group/ReCount) In addition, many fast-casual and quick-service restaurants now offer higher quality food and greater variety, making their menus especially appealing to cost-conscious guests whose fuel costs and utility bills have been on the rise. In short, our guests' needs are shifting. In much the same way that casual dining redefined the restaurant industry years ago, Brinker International is leading the charge to reignite guests' passion for this segment. More than ever, we're focusing on the competitive advantages that resonate with our guests, and choice remains high on the list. Every time they choose Chili's Grill & Bar®, Romano's Macaroni Grill®, On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina®, or Maggiano's Little Italy®, they're also choosing Brinker International. In addition to the wide variety of food and atmospheres our restaurants offer, we're also working to enhance value, convenience, and speed for our guests. These are three key factors driving our guests' dining decisions today. And of these, value may be our most important differentiator. After all, value isn't just about the price of the food ­ it's about the total experience.

02

Hospitality is the key.

to eliminate redundancies from brand to brand, enabling us to cut hiring costs by 30 percent while improving staffing levels and attracting more highly qualified team members.
We're taking a measured approach to domestic growth.

As restaurateur and author Danny Meyer explains in his book Setting the Table:The Transforming Power of Hospitality in Business, service is something that happens to you, while hospitality is something that happens for you. Successful brands are experts at both. As important as it is to provide great service by keeping drinks filled and offering delicious food, it's equally important to serve with genuine hospitality. We've always been committed to delivering both the technical and emotional elements of a great dining experience, and now our challenge is to ensure exceptional consistency across the board.  To further enhance the guest experience, we've implemented a hiring tool that tests prospective team members for their service skills as well as their hospitality quotient ­ a move that has already resulted in a significant drop in turnover. We've also gathered considerable feedback from guests and team members alike to measure satisfaction and loyalty, and we've begun to make changes based on this invaluable insight. Moving forward, we know we must give our team members the appropriate autonomy to provide the highest level of hospitality, making our guests feel special whenever they dine with us.
Shareholder value remains top of mind.

In keeping with our previously announced goals for expansion, our growth was strong in fiscal year 2007. Brinker International opened more restaurants than any other casual dining company over the past year, including 149 new company-owned restaurants in the United States and 46 restaurants opened by our franchise partners worldwide. Yet, despite the clear benefits of reaching new markets and enhancing penetration, the rising costs of construction, labor, and commodities demand a more disciplined approach to growth. We've adjusted our strategy accordingly, moderating our domestic projections for the near future and focusing more heavily on the performance of our existing restaurants.

Brinker continued to return value to shareholders in fiscal year 2007 through significant repurchases of our stock and a three-for-two stock split. We also leveraged our economies of scale to further strengthen the business. For example, we've centralized our training functions through the Brinker Learning Center to provide a single world-class training solution for our entire portfolio of brands. We've consolidated our technology systems to standardize and streamline our support functions. And we've implemented a shared recruiting team

03

Global opportunities are wide open.

Our team is stronger than ever.

Even as we shift our priorities from rapid growth to same-store performance in our U.S. markets, we're opening even more restaurants internationally ­ a trend we see continuing well into the future.  The global marketplace holds tremendous potential for a number of reasons. To start with, the international thirst for Western brands remains strong, and competition in the casual dining segment is not well developed in many parts of the world. In addition, many foreign markets have cost advantages in terms of food, facilities, and labor, making these regions especially attractive to Brinker International as well as our global franchise partners.  Brinker is already one of the top companies in casual dining outside the United States, and we have a number of advantages over our competitors going forward. While other key global contenders have only one brand to offer potential franchise partners, Brinker has many. We also have lower price points than many direct competitors, making our casual dining brands accessible to a broader segment of we have the most experienced international team the population. Perhaps more important, however, in casual dining, with global-minded professionals who collectively speak 10 languages, have lived in 18 countries, and have decades of experience. 

We are excited about the additions and promotions at our corporate office in 2007, including the appointment of Greg Walther, an 11-year veteran with Outback International, as our new President of Global Business Development. We also appointed Valerie Davisson our Chief PeopleWorks Officer in recognition of her work in transforming the department formerly known as Human Resources into the Brinker PeopleWorks team. In addition, we had a notable change on our board, as Robert Gates resigned his position to serve the country as Secretary of Defense. Although we were sorry to lose him, we're thrilled to welcome John Mims, whose strong international experience and in-depth knowledge of portfolio management adds a valuable perspective to our corporate governance.
There's always a new story to tell.

After 32 years in business, we've prospered in good times and persevered despite downturns. And through it all, we've never lost sight of what's important. Whether everyday acts of hospitality or once-in-a-lifetime memories, we're never at a loss for compelling stories that capture the heart of our culture. These are the tales that reflect our values. These are the conversations that flow in our restaurants. These are the stories that connect us. Sincerely,

franchise partners operated 152 Brinker restaurants in 24 countries. And as we move ahead with our

global strategy, we look forward to cultivating many remains our primary vehicle for international

more new partnerships overseas. While franchising expansion, we are also evaluating joint ventures that involve some investment on our part but create

greater financial opportunities for the company as well.

b
At the end of fiscal year 2007, our international Douglas H. Brooks Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President
04

