To Our Stockholders, Partners, Employees and the eBay Community: A year in review 1999 was a historic year for eBay, filled with astonishing growth and rapid change. We began the year with 2.2 million users, a vibrant community about the size of Portland, Oregon and ended the year with over 10 million confirmed registered users--more than Michigan, the eighth largest state in the country. And that phenomenal growth reflected itself in every measure of our business: the number of items listed in 1999 totaled 129.6 million compared to 33.7 million in 1998. In the fourth quarter of 1999, every two tenths of a second, someone, somewhere was listing an item for sale on eBay -- that translates to $113 dollars of gross merchandise sales per second. And, most impressive, gross merchandise sales grew an astounding 276 percent from $745 million in 1998 to $2.8 billion in 1999. During 1999, our users generated more economic activity on eBay than on any other consumer e-commerce site. Underlying this strength is the incredible popularity of the site. In 1999, eBay became one of the most recognizable Internet brands around the world, with numerous mentions in the media, business press and television. eBay was featured in such high profile publications as Forbes, the Washington Post and Time Magazine. In Time magazine, eBay was voted number one in their ``Best of 1999'' in the Cybertech area. eBay also continues to be mentioned on television shows including ``Who Wants to be a Millionaire?'', ``The Simpsons'', ``The Tonight Show'', ``Suddenly Susan'', ``Sports Night'' and of course, ``David Letterman's Top Ten List''. During the year, we endeavored to make eBay a more vibrant marketplace by entering new trading regions. We expanded to reach new areas of the world including the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and Germany. We entered regional markets to help bring trading closer to our users' homes with the launch of 53 regional sites across the country. In addition, thanks to our strong relationship with AOL and new relationships with 50 other leading online partners, eBay's reach continues to expand. Our total online relationships now number over 200 partnerships. We also have over 600 links in a variety of areas on AOL that bring customers to eBay in addition to our new co-branded sites for AOL.com, Compuserve, Digital Cities and ICQ . Of course, 1999 had its share of challenges as well. We experienced some tough times with issues like service disruptions. Site stability has been and still is our number one priority. In November, the high-availability system became operational. Although this system will not prevent all future technical problems, it is a big step in our journey in maintaining site stability. We are also continuing our quest to ensure that there is no single point of failure, that our systems continue to scale to handle future growth, and to continue to build operational excellence into all of our engineering practices. We saw the dynamics changing on eBay this past year. We are no longer just a collectibles site as evidenced by the kind of items listed on our site. In fact, on almost any given day, approximately 60% of gross merchandise sales listed consist of such non-collectible items as cars, photo and electronics, computers and sports equipment. Along with this metamorphosis is the broadening of categories and eBay's user base from collectors to the mass market. We have expanded the number of categories for buying and selling on eBay from about 1,500 to nearly 3,000 over the year to reflect the increasing range of items on the site. We also entered new trading areas to add to the variety of items in the marketplace. Last spring, we announced the acquisitions of Butterfield & Butterfield and Kruse International. We leveraged these well-known land-based brands into new online initiatives with the launch of Great Collections, a new area of eBay devoted to fine antiques, art and rare collectibles, and the Automotive category devoted to the sale of used and collector cars.

Yet through this past year of growth and change, our focus remains the same: to help people trade and conduct commerce through the Internet on a global basis. We are focused on our community eBay is about people. It's about finding success on your own terms. It's about giving people the freedom to work for themselves, to supplement their income and even to make their own living through trading on eBay. It changes the way people do business. It changes lives. And at eBay, we want to do everything we can to help our community succeed. Throughout the year, we focused on improving the core product our users access on a daily basis. We added features and services such as Gallery and Gallery Search, Mister Lister 2.0, Personal Shopper, My eBay, About Me and One-time Credit Card Payments. In June, we launched an improved User Interface to help our users find information on the site more easily. We also introduced the eBay Everywhere concept by enabling our users to get eBay updates wherever they go via SkyTel pagers and Palm Pilots. In addition to new features for our buyers, we also introduced several seller tools. We acquired a company called Billpoint and launched a new program to help facilitate payments between buyers and sellers at eBay. In December we announced the acquisition of Blackthorne, the maker of Auction Assistant that provides back office automation for eBay sellers. We also introduced E-stamp to our community to enable them to purchase postage online. We strengthened our efforts to create a safe and secure online trading environment for our users through a number of initiatives. We reinforced and clarified policies, supplied additional information to help our users avoid illegal and infringing items, and provided our users with a variety of tools such as insurance, escrow and authentication services. We also created a new level of user verification with the credit card requirement for new sellers. We took these initiatives proactively to ensure the strength of our community even though we continue to experience very low fraud rates on the site. We are now more convinced than ever that our efforts in this area are setting the standards for all companies in this space. We also continued our work with the eBay Foundation to help build communities in the real world. This year, the Foundation made about 20 grants totaling $1,380,428 to local and global organizations which focus on empowerment, such as The Odyssey: World Trek for service and Education, a group that uses the Internet to promote global awareness among youth. Our grants are determined by a committee of volunteer employees who carefully evaluate each application brought before them. The eBay Foundation won two major awards for charitable giving, one from the National Society of Fundraising Executives and another from the Community Foundation Silicon Valley. We are very proud of the continuing charitable work of the eBay Foundation. The future As we look forward, we are very excited about what lies ahead. We have barely begun to tap into eBay's first market, the collectibles area, and we believe that the new initiatives we launched in 1999 will prove to be even bigger opportunities. Now, more than ever, eBay is rapidly establishing the infrastructure for a global trading platform for almost anything, anywhere. At the same time, we have stayed true to our roots. We have acted to nurture and protect our existing community of buyers and sellers even as we add new members at unprecedented rates. This trading platform is constantly renewed and enriched by our innovative and entrepreneurial community that continues to expand the definition of eBay. As we grow, we will work to ensure that the eBay platform continues to improve with new features and services, expand to all corners of the world and change to accommodate all types of users.

2

With that, we would like to thank our stockholders, partners and employees for their support. We especially want to thank our community. We recognize that it is the community who makes eBay what it is today and what it will become tomorrow.

Pierre Omidyar Chairman of the Board

Meg Whitman President & Chief Executive Officer

3

