To our Stockholders, Partners, Employees and our Communities of Users
As the Internet spreads throughout the world, more and more people are unlocking the opportunities it brings. The Internet is connecting us in ways not possible just a decade ago, and transforming the way we meet, communicate, learn, and do business. It has also sparked a new wave of innovation that continues to expand the boundaries of what technology can enable us to achieve.
The changing Internet environment has allowed eBay to change as well. In 2005 we expanded our vision of how to best connect people online through community and commerce. We continued to innovate within our existing businesses while adding new formats and opportunities for our ever-growing communities of users. While the company may look different than it did a year ago, our core mission remains the same. We are pioneering communities built on commerce, sustained by trust, and inspired by opportunity.
The Power of Three
Today, the company is organized into three businesses: Marketplaces, Payments and Communications. Each is a thriving and successful business in its own right. Together, these three businesses create synergies that we believe will provide even more opportunity for our communities and lead to additional growth across the board.
At the heart of the Marketplaces business is the eBay trading platform, which connects buyers and sellers in a single global marketplace. Continued innovation in marketing and product development and close cooperation with our community of users led to accelerating growth in 2005, particularly in our largest markets Ó the US and Germany. eBay ended the year with 181 million registered users around the world. And in 2005, those users traded more than $44.3 billion in gross merchandise volume, the total value of all successfully closed items, which represents an increase of 30 percent from 2004.
Alongside the eBay platform, we expanded into other types of marketplaces in 2005. In February, we acquired Rent.com, a leading Internet listing service for apartments and rental housing. Also in February, we launched Kijiji, our international classifieds business that brings people together in local markets to find jobs, trade goods and services, and make personal connections. In August we acquired Shopping.com, a leading comparison shopping website, which provides eBay sellers with a new channel and access to a new set of buyers while bringing more traffic and leads to Shopping.com's merchants. eBay's Marketplaces websites now enable people to meet, buy and sell in a variety of formats and trading experiences.
Our Payments service, PayPal, reached a new milestone in 2005 when it generated more than a billion dollars in net revenue. In addition to expanding its reach among eBay users around the world, PayPal has also grown its merchant services business outside the eBay universe, which now accounts for approximately a third of its total payment volume (TPV). In total, the service ended 2005 with 96 million accounts worldwide, and processed more than $27 billion in TPV during the year. Excluding the payment gateway business that PayPal acquired from VeriSign in November, this activity represents an organic increase of 45 percent in TPV from 2004.
In October, we acquired a new business called Skype. A leader in online voice communications, Skype is revolutionizing the way in which people communicate over the Internet. A strong stand-alone business, Skype added an average of 190,000 new users a day at the end of 2005 and finished the year with a total of 75 million users, up 38 percent since we announced the acquisition and representing year-over-year growth of 280 percent.
And while the Skype of today is largely focused on communications, we see incredible potential for its use in ecommerce. Integrating Skype into the eBay marketplace, for example, has the potential to reduce communications friction between buyers and sellers and increase the velocity of trade. Creating a PayPal wallet associated with each Skype account can make it even easier for users to pay for Skype's fee-based services while at the same time increasing PayPal's payment volume. The acquisition also enables eBay and Skype to pursue new lines of business, such as services and travel, based on pay-per-call lead generation.
Even as we invested in acquisitions, the organic growth of our company delivered strong financial results in 2005. eBay Inc. produced net revenues of $4.552 billion, an increase of 39 percent over the prior year. Net income grew at the same rate as net revenues and surpassed $1 billion for the first time. Operating cash flow

increased to $2.010 billion in 2005, a jump of 56 percent over 2004. And free cash flow1 climbed by 59 percent to $1.574 billion. Few ten year-old companies can deliver this kind of financial performance.
The Power of Community
Our businesses are unique in their strong partnerships with our users. None of these businesses, in fact, would exist without the millions of men and women who have made them part of their everyday lives. Simply put, our businesses enable people to take advantage of the Internet to its fullest potential.
An entrepreneurial spirit is core to eBay's community and many of our members are driven by the dream of owning their own businesses. According to surveys by AC Nielsen, there are now more than 724,000 sellers in the US who use eBay as their primary or secondary source of income. And more than 170,000 sellers in Europe do the same.
By connecting people around the globe in new ways, eBay is enabling people to pursue their passions. A vintage clothing collector is able to source hard-to-find items from the comfort of her own home. A small manufacturer is able to expand by purchasing equipment on eBay. A couple in Arkansas who started selling books on eBay is opening their first bricks-and-mortar store. And a single mom in Nebraska is able to spend more time with her children by selling products to customers all over the world.
The power of community is just as apparent in our other businesses as well. A woman who makes handmade soaps can accept payments in different currencies through PayPal. Siblings living in London, Chicago and Sa¿o Paulo can send one another money via PayPal to buy an anniversary gift for their parents. Using Skype, a man in the UK stays in touch with family members on three continents. And a small business owner is able to provide quality customer support worldwide due to cost savings achieved through Skype.
The Internet offers unlimited possibilities for connecting people in new ways. And on eBay, PayPal, Skype and our other businesses, we try to deliver on that promise every day.
Our Future
In 2005, the continued advancement of the Internet provided an excellent environment for our company to expand and flourish. In 2006, we plan to focus on further developing each of our businesses Ì Marketplaces, Payments and Communications Ì while leveraging the combined synergies of all three. As a result, we believe that eBay Inc. is well-positioned to grow ecommerce in both existing and new markets and that these efforts will result in increased value for our stockholders.
We would like to extend our appreciation and gratitude to our communities of users worldwide and thank our partners, employees and stockholders for their ongoing support and confidence. We look forward to a successful 2006.
Pierre Omidyar Meg Whitman
Founder and Chairman of the Board President and CEO
1eBay defines free cash flow as operating cash flow less net purchases of property and equipment as well as payment of lease obligations for corporate headquarters, which in 2005 were $2.01 billion, $310 million and $126 million, respectively.
             