To Our Stockholders, In 2010, eBay Inc. became a stronger, more customer-focused company that is creating better experiences through technology-driven innovation. We extended our leadership in payments, strengthened and grew Marketplaces, and continued to operate efficiently so that we could reinvest in growth. In short, we delivered on our financial commitments to you, making progress against our goals and planting seeds for future growth. Our net revenues increased 5 percent in 2010 to $9.2 billion, compared to $8.7 billion in 2009. Excluding 2009 revenue from Skype (sold in November 2009) of $620.4 million, net revenues would have increased 13 percent, from $8.1 billion in 2009 to $9.2 billion in 2010. Diluted earnings per share decreased to $1.36 in 2010, compared to $1.83 in 2009. This was driven primarily by the gain on sale of Skype, which was partially offset by the impact of a Skype-related legal settlement charge in 2009. We achieved an operating margin of 22 percent in 2010 compared to 17 percent in 2009 and delivered $2.7 billion of operating cash flow for the year. Extending our lead in payments In 2010, we connected more buyers and sellers than ever before through PayPal. We ended the year with net total payment volume (TPV) of $92 billion ­ a 28 percent increase over 2009 ­ and more than 94 million active, registered accounts globally. Globally, PayPal continues to expand its footprint, with 47 percent of revenues coming from international markets, up from 44 percent in 2009. PayPal strengthened its local competitive offerings, creating innovative partnerships with local governments, and leading banks and mobile providers in markets such as Mexico, Brazil and China. We saw continued strong growth across our Merchant Services business, which today accounts for more than 60 percent of our total payment volume, and great synergy between eBay and PayPal: eBay is now the largest source of new accounts and payment volume for Bill Me Later. PayPal also introduced innovative, emerging payment technology in 2010. We unveiled PayPal for Digital Goods, an in-context payment solution that lets consumers pay for digital goods ­ such as games, news, music and videos ­ without having to leave a publisher's site. Delivering a better eBay experience for customers Ending the year with more than 94 million active users, eBay is one of the most visited ecommerce sites in the world. In 2010, we worked to strengthen our position by fixing the fundamentals of our business, with a focus on trust, selection, value and user experience. We made progress on all fronts last year. To help customers feel more confident buying bigger-ticket items, and buying more often on eBay, we promoted eBay Buyer Protection and eBay Top-Rated Sellers, who provide the best experiences on eBay. We continued to increase value and selection across key categories and markets in 2010, focusing on new, fixed price items and bringing more brand-name merchandise onto eBay, particularly in fashion. And we improved user experience across key markets, rolling out a new homepage for eBay.com, with many personalization and search enhancements. Overall, the experience is now cleaner, faster and easier to navigate. Customers noticed ­ and approved. Net Promoter Scores (NPS), our measure for customer loyalty, improved for six consecutive quarters among eBay buyers. Our adjacent businesses also made steady gains. StubHub set sales records in 2010, driven by demand for World Series tickets and concerts. Our classifieds business also posted healthy results, with strong growth globally. Kijiji Canada, for example, has become the leading classifieds site in the country in terms of traffic. Expanding our capabilities During the year, we made or announced acquisitions that strengthen and complement our key businesses and that position us for growth in mobile, local and social commerce globally: brands4friends, Germany's largest online shopping club for fashion and lifestyle, bolstered eBay's position as a leading online fashion destination in Europe; RedLaser gave us a leading mobile barcode-scanning application, allowing comparison shopping on

mobile devices; Milo.com enables us to provide consumers with real-time local shopping and inventory checking; and Critical Path Software will help us deliver innovative mobile applications on a faster release schedule. Connecting buyers and sellers anywhere, anytime, any device We built aggressively on our early lead in mobile commerce in 2010, almost tripling our eBay mobile volume year over year to nearly $2 billion. Mobile is clearly becoming a favorite way for people to shop, and eBay is helping to lead the way with innovative applications across a number of platforms and devices. By the end of 2010, our mobile apps had been downloaded more than 30 million times, in eight languages, across 190 countries. PayPal continued to innovate in mobile payments and digital payments, launching new products and services to expand its presence across devices and platforms. For the full year, mobile payment volume was five times that of 2009 ­ more than $700 million ­ and by the end of 2010, more than 2.5 million people had downloaded PayPal's mobile apps. Driving sustainable commerce We continued to innovate through our sustainability efforts as well. In 2010, we adopted state-of-the-art technology from Bloom Energy, reducing campus energy needs. The eBay Green Team launched Instant Sale, which enables consumers to sell or recycle old electronics quickly and conveniently, and the eBay Box, a branded shipping container made from environmentally friendly materials and designed to be reused. We continue to empower our employees to give back to their local communities through the eBay Foundation, and encourage individual giving through eBay Giving Works, PayPal Nonprofits, products purchased on WorldofGood.com, and investments made through MicroPlace. Operating more efficiently and reducing costs At Analyst Day in 2009, we set a goal of reducing our cost structure by $2 billion over a three-year period, and we remain on track to meet that goal. We also enhanced our financial flexibility through our company's first corporate debt issuance, raising $1.5 billion in term debt at very favorable interest rates, and launched a $1.0 billion commercial paper program. The next 15 In 2010, eBay Inc. celebrated its 15th anniversary. And in our 15 years in business, we built a rich heritage of connecting buyers and sellers and created opportunities that empowered people to make a difference ­ for themselves, their families or for their communities. We helped redefine commerce for people all over the world. The next 15 will be even better. We intend to lead the next generation of commerce and once again reinvent how people shop and pay. On behalf of our 17,700 eBay Inc. employees, thank you for your belief and support.

Pierre Omidyar Founder, Chairman of the Board

John Donahoe President and CEO

