To our Stockholders, Partners, Employees and the eBay Community A Dedicated Community
eBay's global community of buyers and sellers amazed and inspired us in 2003. Not only did the community grow by more than 33 million people during the year, but it demonstrated more passion for trading than ever before. The community's drive and determination continued to build an ever more dynamic and robust marketplace. By creating opportunity for millions of people, eBay's community is changing the way commerce is done around the world.
Every day men and women around the world „nd new ways to take advantage of the eBay marketplace. As a result, there are as many stories on eBay as there are members. An Ohio expert on 3D viewers uses eBay to „nd rare models and vintage reels. A traveling salesman in Cape Cod sets up a company selling high-end sneakers in order to stay home with his wife and young children. An unemployed couple in Arkansas build a family business through selling art prints. A Minnesota farmer searches eBay to „nd used farm equipment at a discount. A young man in Hong Kong turns his passion for toy cars into a global trading business. These members, and millions more like them, are pursuing their dreams and „nding new kinds of success with eBay.
Building a Company to Last
As the community has grown, the eBay marketplace has expanded and the business has become stronger. Ninety-„ve million users from more than 150 countries listed 971 million items on eBay last year. The total value of goods sold on the site, which is called gross merchandise sales (or GMS), reached nearly $24 billion, a 60% increase from 2002. At the same time, usage of PayPal, the company's online payment service, also grew, demonstrating the convenience and value it brings to online trading. Total PayPal accounts almost doubled to 40 million in 2003, driving 230 million transactions and total payment volume of more than $12 billion, up 73% for the year.
As a result of this activity, 2003 was another year of signi„cant revenue growth for eBay. Strong gross merchandise sales and total payment volume drove 2003 consolidated net revenue past $2 billion for the „rst time in our history, to $2.17 billion for the full year. It took eight years for eBay to reach $1 billion in annual revenue. Just one year later, this amount has doubled.
There is no question that eBay is a fast growing company. To support this rapid growth and to lay the groundwork for continued growth in the future, we increased our investment in key parts of the business in 2003. These strategic investments were made in product development, technology infrastructure, customer support, Trust & Safety, and PayPal. Investing in these areas will help make eBay and PayPal even faster, easier and safer to use, which will in turn allow our members to become even more successful.
Even though we made signi„cant investments in 2003, we also delivered increasing pro„t and cash growth. Net income grew to a record of $442 million, up 77% in 2003, resulting in record operating cash …ows of $874 million, up 82%, and record free cash …ows of $509 million, up 49%.1 This helped us end the year with an even stronger balance sheet consisting of $5.8 billion in total assets and $2.7 billion in cash and investments.
Creating a healthy and „nancially sound company is crucial for our community. Because so many people around the world depend on eBay for their hobbies and even their livelihoods, we feel we have a responsibility to maintain a safe and reliable place for them to trade. As a result, we are committed to building a company to last.
Our Future
Based on the growth we have seen over the past year, and the untapped potential that lies ahead, the company's future looks very bright.
As we did in 2003, we will continue to invest in key growth areas of the business throughout 2004. In Asia and Europe, we will invest in technology, marketing, and product development capacity. For PayPal,
(1) eBay de„nes free cash …ows as operating cash …ows less purchases of property and equipment, which in 2003 were $874 million and $365 million, respectively.
 
we will continue to expand into new international markets, while further investing in technology and infrastructure in the U.S. And, in eBay's North American business, we will continue to give our members more online tools that help them pursue their own success.
A year of investment does not mean, however, a year of lower pro„t or cash …ow generation. In 2004, we plan to continue to apply „nancial discipline in balancing investment with returns and operating margin expansion as we seek to achieve record „nancial performance.
These results are not achieved easily or alone. We would like to express our gratitude to eBay's partners, employees, and shareholders for their continued support. And, we also acknowledge the contributions of our community, whose passion and entrepreneurial spirit are the true drivers of eBay's success. We are extremely proud of the unique partnership we have with our community and look forward to even greater achievements together in the years ahead.
Pierre Omidyar Meg Whitman
Founder and Chairman of the Board President and CEO
            