 Dear Fellow Shareholders
 Allan L. Schuman,
President and Chief Executive Officer
Michael E. Shannon,
Chairman of the Board and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer
 In 1996, we once again demonstrated what it takes to be the industry’s best.
We achieved record growth, increased market shares, and became even more efficient, focused and productive. We aggressively developed new products and systems. We success- fully implemented cost-saving programs. And we vigorously pursued acquisitions, integrating key companies that helped
strengthen our businesses. In 1996, for the fifth consecutive year, we achieved record highs in sales, earn- ings, earnings per share and cash flow from continuing operations. These accomplishments, the result of efforts by our 13,500 associates worldwide, culminated in the value of Ecolab’s shares rising 25 percent to close at a record stock price and
market capitalization. Specifically, here’s what we accomplished in 1996:
Sales from wholly- owned operations
increased 11 percent to a record $1.5 billion, as aggressive sales efforts, new products and acquisitions contributed to the gain. Our global sales coverage, including our European joint venture, Henkel-Ecolab, reached $2.4 billion.
Our net income increased to $113 million, up 14 percent over 1995’s net income. Earnings per share grew 17 percent to $1.75, benefitting from new products and another year of
    2 Ecolab. Spirit. Pride. Determination. Commitment. Passion. Integrity.

aggressive cost management by Ecolab associates, which helped offset higher raw material costs. In addition, the joint venture showed a better profit performance. This was Ecolab’s fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings per share growth.
Our return on beginning shareholders’ equity was 25 per- cent, exceeding our corporate goal for the fifth consecutive year.
Cash flow from continuing operations increased 56 percent to $254 million, reflecting another record profit year, aggressive working capital management and favorable timing of payments.
Once again, our stock price soared. We began the year at $30 and ended at $37.63, an increase of 25 percent – well in excess of the S&P 500’s growth of 20 percent and a greater increase than two-thirds of the companies in that index. For the first time in history, Ecolab’s stock market capitalization topped $2 billion and put us among the top 10 percent of publicly held companies.
In December, Moody’s Investors Service upgraded our long- term debt rating to A3 from Baa1. As a result, Ecolab enjoys
a rating in the “A” categories from the two most respected agencies – Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. This upgrade recog- nizes the vitality of Ecolab’s business, our strong balance sheet, our efforts to improve cash flow, the consistency of our financial performance and the improved performance of Henkel-Ecolab.
In December, we increased our quarterly cash dividend
14 percent to $0.16 per share from $0.14. This resulted in an indicated annualized rate of $0.64 per share and is in keeping with our policy of paying out between 30 and 40 percent of our earnings as dividends.
In addition to these financial accomplishments, we made significant progress with other key initiatives:
We had another year of impressive new product activity, with 35 percent of Ecolab’s total U.S. sales now coming from products and systems introduced or modified within the last five years. This achievement reflects our ongoing commitment to maintaining our technological leadership position.
We continued to strengthen our overall field organization – one of our most important assets – with the addition of 325 sales-and-service associates, reinforcing our commitment to service excellence.
In February, we formed a partnership with Oscar Robertson through our investment in Orchem Corporation, a minority- owned chemical company that serves the food processing
and quickservice restaurant industries with specialty chemical products and systems.
Also in February, we acquired Huntington Laboratories, Inc., of Huntington, Ind., and combined its resources with those
of our Janitorial Division, including its Airkem Professional Products business. The newly created division, renamed Professional Products, offers infection-control, skin-care, floor- care, hard-surface sanitizing and odor-control products and systems to the healthcare, education, building service contrac- tor and other markets. This acquisition catapulted Ecolab into the number-two position in the U.S. janitorial market.
In August, we purchased the Monarch Division of H.B. Fuller Company based in St. Paul, Minn. Monarch is a provider of cleaning and sanitation products and services to the food and dairy processing and farm markets in the United States and Canada. We integrated this business with our Food and Beverage Division, strengthening its already solid position
in these key markets.
To provide customers with better and faster service,
we opened, acquired and expanded manufacturing facilities throughout the world. To serve customer needs in the mideastern United States, we opened a plant in Hebron, Ohio, which is our first new domestic plant since 1988. We also pur- chased a plant in City of Industry, Calif.; opened new manufac- turing facilities in Costa Rica and Mexico; and expanded our plants in Texas, Korea and South Africa. In addition, we con- tinued to operate two new plants acquired through the Huntington and Monarch acquisitions, located in Huntington, Ind., and Charlotte, N.C.
           
As a result of our company’s strong growth, we announced plans in December to expand our downtown St. Paul headquar- ters. After carefully evaluating our options, we decided to lease space in the Capital Centre building, which is adjacent to our current St. Paul office. This expansion is expected to add up to 600 new jobs to Ecolab’s downtown employment and includes the establishment of a corporate employee training center.
Other highlights for the year included the following:
In May, Joel Johnson, chairman of the board, president and
chief executive officer of Hormel Foods Corporation, was elected to Ecolab’s board of directors. We welcome Joel and look forward to his contributions.
Market recognition of our commitment to service excellence was evident when Ecolab once again earned the Multi-Unit Food Service Operator’s “Supplier of the Year” award for the eighth time in 12 years.
Due to increased demand, we expanded our presence on the World Wide Web. Ecolab’s new Web site, found at www.ecolab.com, now includes extensive information about our divisions, as well as employment opportunities and regularly updated shareholder information.
Each of our divisions and international regions of operation made notable progress as well. These are outlined in the ensuing pages of this report.
Outlook In the face of stiff competition, pricing battles and difficult weather and market conditions, we continued our tradition of providing sales and earnings growth in 1996 – and we are confident we can do so again in 1997.
Over the past five years, we have clearly demonstrated the power of our Circle the Customer – Circle the Globe strategy. We have improved our service and value to customers, expanded our markets, improved our positions within global markets, and achieved record financial results. We will adhere to this successful strategy in 1997, using our strengths to better meet customer needs and enhance our global leadership posi-
tions. Our optimism is underscored by the favorable trends in the hospitality industry, though we will continue to be challenged by competitive activity, limited opportunities for price increases, unfavorable currency trends, and the need for continued disci- pline in controlling our costs.
As you can see, many of our obstacles remain unchanged. But equally enduring, and far more important, are the passion of our associates and clarity of our mission. Whether developing new technology, facilitating production, or serving global customers, Ecolab’s employees relentlessly pursue their goals, demonstrat- ing the kind of feeling and fortitude that make our company unique. Guided by our fundamental Circle the Customer – Circle the Globe strategy, they overcome barriers time and time again to raise industry standards and provide superior value to shareholders, customers and fellow associates alike.
In the cleaning and sanitation industry, innovative products, advanced technology and legendary service have become syn- onymous with Ecolab. But behind these attributes – the hall- marks of our company – is the power of our people. In 1996, we identified the common traits that drive our thinking, our actions, our values. The traits that define the heart and soul
of our company. The traits that will determine how our future will unfold. These traits, outlined in Ecolab’s “Culture Statement,” are found on the following page.
As you can see, we have the people, products and processes in place to strengthen our leadership position – and show world-class performance once again in 1997.
You can count on it.
Allan L. Schuman
President and Chief Executive Officer
Michael E. Shannon
Chairman of the Board and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer
       4 Ecolab. Spirit. Pride. Determination. Commitment. Passion. Integrity.
