  A LETTER FROM ECOLAB CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIvE OFFICER
                     4 ECOLAB ANNUAL REPORT 2013
This past year was an exceptional year in Ecolab’s history, one of our best, and I couldn’t be more proud of our global team. We had important work to do and we kept our promises — to ourselves, to our customers and to you.
Throughout 2013, our 45,000 associates were a vital force behind the scenes in every industry we serve and in every region in the world, working on the ground with our customers to provide and protect clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments. We made great strides in 2013 in solidifying our position as the global leader in water, hygiene and energy technologies and services.
our financial results were excellent
Our team achieved record sales and earnings, and our base business outperformed the markets. Net sales of $13.3 billion were up 12 percent and adjusted earnings per share rose 19 percent to $3.54 (reported diluted earnings per share were up 34 percent to $3.16).
Our performance again reflected our unrelenting focus on what matters most — serving our customers — coupled with strong operating execution and a commitment to innovation. Our ability to deliver the best results at the lowest total cost continues to be our key
and driving strength, as we have performed well no matter how challenging the
economic environment.
Our corporate accounts teams were successful in expanding business with our largest customers, and in gaining major new relationships, with an increasing emphasis on enterprise sales globally. We outpaced our markets in North America and showed solid sales gains, and achieved double-digit growth in the important emerging markets of Latin America, Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa. In Europe, we continued to show sharp improvement in our operating income as we streamlined our business to deliver future growth.
we are offering more to our customers
In April, we strengthened our portfolio by acquiring Champion Technologies, a Houston- based global energy specialty products and services company, furthering our position in the fast-growing oil and gas services market. A dedicated integration team led the formation of our combined $4 billion global energy business, Nalco Champion. We also acquired Master Chemicals in Russia to further expand our energy services footprint in that key market.
All of our customers expect continuous innovation from Ecolab and we delivered for them across the enterprise. In 2013 we launched more new products than ever before, with more than 80 significant product introductions, representing our fifth consecutive year of double-digit pipeline growth. We have more than 1,600 Research, Development and Engineering (RD&E) associates working in our global innovation centers in Europe, North America and Asia, as well as additional technical centers in strategic locations. Thanks to their hard work, we introduced new solutions to help our customers improve operational efficiency and minimize environmental impact, while accelerating our ability to transfer proprietary platform technologies across businesses.
A few examples stand out. We leveraged anti-microbial solutions from our Food & Beverage business (F&B) into our Global Energy business, where they are needed to treat unconventional wastewater in an environmentally responsible manner. We advanced clean-in-place applications for our F&B customers using 3D TRASAR technology and automation to reduce operational costs and enhance food safety; and we launched the solids formulations we first developed for our Institutional customers into our Water & Process Services operations, reducing environmental impact and improving worker safety.

we improved safety and sustainability results
We are building a culture that places a high value on both safety and sustainability. This past year, we took a number of steps to support our commitment to safety for our associates. Workplace and driver safety programs were launched globally. We reduced vehicle accidents by 9 percent and injuries by 6 percent — and severe vehicle accidents were at a world-class low level. We continue to improve our safety performance, although we won’t be satisfied until we reach zero accidents and injuries.
Sustainability for us also begins at home, where we have been continuously working to improve our performance. Ecolab achieved a 22.4 percent intensity reduction in U.S. GHG emissions from
our 2006 baseline, exceeding our stated goal. We also reduced waste by 20 percent between 2009 and 2012, against a target of 18 percent. We are establishing aggressive new targets which will be launched later this year.
While what we do in our own operations is important, we know
that our biggest sustainability impact is through our work with our customers. Through innovative products and on-site service, we enable our customers to achieve their own ambitious sustainability goals by helping them save water and energy, and reduce waste. And we’re working to develop products and processes that not only achieve outstanding results with fewer resources, but also generate additional positive benefits, such as more energy, clean water and useful materials.
we are coming together as one company
We continued working through the final phases of our integration with Nalco, our 2011 acquisition, taking a “One Ecolab” approach to everything, from driving operational efficiencies and achieving our cost and growth synergies, to bringing our combined expertise to solve our customers’ challenges. We successfully co-located offices throughout the world, bringing our people together to foster collaboration and build a “one company” mindset.
We brought many talented and experienced leaders into our company last year who are helping us become even better at serving our customers, building our company and developing our bench of future leaders. We know that it is Ecolab associates who deliver the Ecolab difference, and our growth is creating more career opportunities for our outstanding people, as well as the need to bring more talent and fresh thinking into our company.
our competitive advantage has never been greater
Our potential is enormous. Ecolab is the global leader, serving a small share of our markets, with great upside potential. We have momentum going into this year, with world-class products and services, a world that needs more of what we offer and a great global team to get after those opportunities.
We have a lot of reasons to be so bullish. Our business model enables our talented and experienced team to deliver value year after year. We believe we are in a great place to build on a successful 2013 and continue to deliver superior earnings per share, cash flow and returns.
Going forward, we know what we need to do. We will concentrate our efforts on serving the largest customers in the highest-growth markets, and we will drive margin and competitive advantage through innovation in all of our divisions. Continuing to accelerate growth in our core franchises remains our first priority.
Our competitive advantage has never been greater. We have more capable and experienced teams in more places and in more industries than ever before, and we are ensuring that our people are supported by leading innovation, technology and safety programs. No one else can deliver the comprehensive solutions that we can.
We are driven by the certain knowledge that our work really matters. Every day, we make the world cleaner, safer and
healthier — protecting people and vital resources. The world will need more of what we provide, and we are working hard to ensure that we are ready to deliver everywhere our customers need us to be.
We are looking forward to the next chapter of growth and global impact for Ecolab, and we thank you for the trust you have placed in our company.
Sincerely,
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                         ECOLAB ANNUAL REPORT 2013 5
