How did we up turn it
To Our Shareholders
How do you make something great even greater?
Here at Ecolab, that’s the question we ask ourselves at the dawn of each new year. How do we take this company, which over the past eight decades has grown from a tiny, one-man enterprise to a $3 billion-plus global leader, and thrust
it to the next level? How do we not only equal Ecolab’s remarkable record of growth, but surpass it?
In other words, how do we turn it up?
The way we see it, a company should always be taking the next step. Always be moving forward. Always growing. In today’s busi- ness world, you either grow or you die. It’s that simple. But you must have the right people and the right plan. At Ecolab, we have both. We employ more than 20,000 of the greatest individuals in the world and have a proven, highly potent Circle the Customer - Circle the Globe strategy. By remaining focused on this strategy, to which we have committed our future – and by staying true to the ethical values and convictions upon which Ecolab has been built – we’ve been able to turn it up year after year.
2002 was no exception. Despite lingering market challenges, we began the year confident that we could take everything we already do so well – things like advanced products and systems, unbeatable service, innovation, global scope, top-quality people – and do it all even better. We knew it wouldn’t be an easy job, but that’s what true leaders do: take what others see as big obstacles and turn them into even bigger opportunities.
2
They turn it up.
Here are some of the specific ways we turned it up at Ecolab in 2002:
We turned up our financial performance
• Sales from wholly owned operations were $3.4 billion, up 47 per- cent. This included the first full year of sales from our November 2001 acquisition of the remaining 50 percent of the former Henkel-Ecolab joint venture we did not previously own. Adjusting for that acquisi- tion and the others that will be discussed shortly, as well as divesti- tures, our sales grew 4 percent. This excellent performance was thanks to the diligent efforts of our sales-and-service force, which worked very aggressively to offset a difficult economy by utilizing our newest products and programs, as well as our unrivaled ser- vice, to outperform the industry and the competition.
• Our net income rose 11 percent to $210 million. Diluted net income per share went up 10 percent to $1.60. Our results for 2002 included restructuring charges and several other unusual items. Comparability with prior years is also affected by the acquisition of Henkel-Ecolab and the elimination of goodwill amortization. Excluding these items, our diluted pro forma income from ongoing operations per share rose 13 percent to $1.84.
• Our stock price finished the year up 23 percent at $49.50, beating the Standard & Poor’s 500’s 23 percent decline by a wide margin. This was the third consecutive year – and 10th year out of the last 12 – that Ecolab’s stock outperformed the S&P 500. That is an outstanding record.
• Our return on beginning shareholders’ equity was 24 percent, exceeding our corporate goal of 20 percent for the 11th year
in a row.
in 2002?
ECOLAB TURN IT UP

• In December, we raised our quarterly cash dividend 7 percent to $0.145 per common share. As a result, our indicated annual rate went up to $0.58 per share. It was our 11th consecutive annual dividend rate increase.
• Ecolab continued to enjoy strong cash flow, with record cash provided by operating activities of $423 million. This strong cash flow contributed once again to a strong balance sheet. Our 2002 total debt to capitalization ratio was 39 percent, strengthening our “A” category balance sheet from all the major rating agencies, as well as our Prime-1 commercial paper rating.
• We continued to work during 2002 to streamline and improve our worldwide operations, as well as produce costs savings. We did this through a global effort that resulted in a small workforce reduc- tion, the closing of several less-efficient facilities, the discontinuation of low-volume products, and certain benefit plan changes. We also made progress in the ongoing integration of Europe into our global operating infrastructure. I am confident our actions optimized our business and made us an even more efficient, effective company for the long term, and improved our profitability and growth potential.
Allan L. Schuman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
We turned up our product offerings and service capabilities
• In 2002, we introduced many exciting new additions to our always-growing lineup of innovative, highly differentiated products, systems and services. They include Oasis Pro, a complete, cost- effective housekeeping program for hospitality and healthcare operations featuring high-performance products that meet the widest variety of cleaning needs; Inspexx 100, which is utilized in chill water systems to control salmonella and reduce other poten- tially dangerous pathogens on poultry; DermaFoam, a handcare program for quickservice restaurants that helps combat food safety problems by promoting the highest standard of employee hygiene; the Triplex Energy System, a low-temperature laundry program that provides gentle-yet-effective cleaning power and reduces energy costs, is helping us gain customers in Europe’s growing textile leasing market; the Rodent Interceptor, which channels rodents to mechanical traps and is a key element of a comprehensive new pest elimination program targeted specifically at the food retail industry; and the unique PhaZer Mobile Floor Care System, which helps office, healthcare, retail, educational
3
    ECOLAB TURN IT UP

4
ServiceMaster Co. of Downer’s Grove, Illinois. Based in London, Terminix reported annual sales of $65 million. It provides commercial pest elimination services throughout the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. This important action was a natural extension of our Circle the Customer - Circle the Globe strategy. Further, the move is just one way in which we are realizing our pledge to intro- duce new offerings worldwide, made when we acquired 100 per- cent ownership of our former joint venture.
• In December, we made another noteworthy acquisition in Europe by purchasing Adams Healthcare, the leading supplier of hospital hygiene products in the United Kingdom with annual sales of about $19 million. Formerly operated by Medical Solutions plc, this trans- action not only helps us better serve the United Kingdom’s grow- ing healthcare market, but it also will allow us to strengthen our existing Hospital Hygiene business in Europe.
• Also in December, we sold Darenas, a janitorial products distri- bution business based in Birmingham, England, to Bunzl plc of London. This divestiture was consistent with our stated aim to remain focused on our core competencies and leverage growth opportunities via markets and businesses in which we can clearly differentiate and add value.
We turned up development of our leadership team
• Doug Baker was named Ecolab’s president and chief operating officer in August. A 14-year Ecolab veteran, Doug had previously held a number of key management positions within our company, most recently serving as president of the Institutional Sector. Doug has proven well-suited to this critical leadership role, and he is working diligently with me, International President John Spooner
particularly in light of the public scrutiny regarding corporate ethics. At Ecolab, we have long committed ourselves to conducting our business with the utmost integrity and responsibility, and we greatly appreciate this recognition.
• Also in 2002, I was honored to represent our company and its incredible associates by accepting two awards from our peers
in the business world. In March, I was recognized as the 2001 Industrial Chemical CEO of the Year by international marketing consulting firm Frost & Sullivan for my role in “making a series of acquisitions that have created new channels in which to grow and, in general, making acquisitions to add capabilities to develop new services, new technologies or new geographies.” Then in November, the Penn State Hotel and Restaurant Society named me the 2002 Hospitality Executive of the Year for an “ongoing commitment to service to the culinary, hospitality, educational
and business communities.”
Outlook
2002 was a start, but – mark my words – Ecolab has only just begun to turn it up!
During 2003 and beyond, we’re going to continue to turn up the heat on the competition. We’re going to keep turning up the energy, productivity and creativity within our ranks. And we’re going to further turn up the volume, to make sure that the entire world knows what a remarkable company Ecolab really is. By doing all this, we are going to turn up the results for our customers and our shareholders alike.
Think we sound confident? Good. Aggressive? Great. At Ecolab, that’s what we’re all about. We’re not going to spend our time worrying about what some people call this “age of uncertainty.”
facilities and other high-volume floor care customers finish floours and the rest of our management pteam to develop and leverage the up to four times faster and at a lower total cost. tremendous opportunities that lie ahead for Ecolab.
To learn about more of our latest offerings, check out the “2002 • In July, I regretfully accepted the resignation of Rick Marcantonio, Review of Operations” section of this report. who had served as president of our Industrial and Service sectors. • We continued to strengthen our industry-leading sales-and-service During Rick’s five years at Ecolab, we strategically refocused our organization by adding 700 new field associates, for a global total industrial businesses and expanded our service businesses, laying that exceeds 11,400. This represents a 7 percent increase over 2001. the groundwork for their further development. We thank Rick for
to Europe. To this end, we gave ourselves a ready-made foothold one of America’s “100 Best Corporate Citizens” by Business Ethics turn it
in the region by acquiring Terminix Ltd., a subsidiary of The magazine. We simply couldn’t have been more proud of this honor,
We turned up our growth through strategic acquisitions
his contributions to Ecolab and wish him every success in his new career endeavors.
• We took another major step forward in our growth plans in
September 2002, when we announced that we were expanding We turned up our reputation in the business world
our highly successful Pest Elimination business across the Atlantic • For the third consecutive year, Ecolab was once again named
ECOLAB TURN IT UP

p
We know that certainty itself is an illusion. You have to make your own luck, taking full advantage of each opportunity as it presents itself. You have to make it happen. What we’ve done here at Ecolab is turn our company into a strong, steady growth machine, contin- ually forging ahead. We don’t rely on external forces to determine our success. Rather, we’re busy shaping our own destiny, every single day, fueled by the incredible power and momentum that pervades our entire global organization.
We know exactly how we will grow. Our core businesses – Institutional, Food & Beverage, Kay and Pest Elimination – will obviously lead the way, but we also have a formidable stable of newer offerings – including GCS Service, Facilitec and EcoSure Food Safety Management, among others – that will make increasingly significant contributions to our success. Together, these established businesses will expand Ecolab’s market share by doing three things: winning new customers through accelerated cross-divisional selling; improving account penetration (in other words, selling additional solutions to existing accounts); and introducing new products, systems and services that meet our customers’ and potential customers’ many needs.
Ecolab will also grow by leveraging the strengths of our industry- leading sales-and-service force, increasing productivity, adding quality employees and enhancing the various ways we partner with our customers – never forgetting, of course, that personal, on-demand service is what has always made Ecolab unique in an industry largely populated by commodity players. We’re also unique in that we have a stronger global presence than anyone else. We’re the world leader because when we say “Circle the Globe,” we mean it.
Finally, we’re going to amplify our research and development efforts, taking full advantage – as we always have – of the latest technologies to bring our customers the most advanced products and systems available. The scientists and engineers at Ecolab’s world-class R&D facilities are the best in the business, and they’re busy creating tomorrow’s cleaning and sanitizing solutions today.
All this adds up to greater opportunity. For me, that’s the mark of a true growth company – one that not only expands its market share but, at the same time, grows its overall market potential. Look at it this way: You can keep taking bigger and bigger pieces of the pie. But unless you figure out a way to grow the pie, pretty soon you’re going to end up with an empty pan. At Ecolab, we’ve dou- bled the size of our pie over the last seven years. In 1995, we saw our market potential as $18 billion. Today it’s $36 billion. And we have a strategic, long-term growth plan in place that will allow us to continue growing the pie. That gives us an awful lot of room to keep expanding our market share.
Going forward, we remain firmly committed to providing the highest-caliber solutions and service for our customers, and superior value for our shareholders. And we’re going to do it the right way. No shortcuts. No excuses. Just results.
That is how we’ll turn it up during 2003 and in the years to come. It’s going to be fun. We hope you’ll come along for the ride.
Allan L. Schuman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
5
  Turning words into action
up
Turn it up! Sounds easy, right? Truth is, we wish it were that simple.
In reality, there’s much more to it than just saying the words. Great com- panies like Ecolab know that it takes action to achieve results. Over the years we’ve kept turning it up by doing six key things:
 turn it
First, we have anticipated marketplace changes, always staying several steps ahead of the game. We’ve expanded our market potential, “growing the pie” as I referred to it above. We’ve maximized the
differentiation between our offerings and the competition’s, and we’ve built rock-solid customer relationships, the foundation of our Circle the Customer - Circle the Globe strategy. We’ve established a strong leadership team that combines vision and execution. Last, but by no means least, we’ve developed a truly unique culture that ties it all together.
Doing these things is never easy. Especially when you’re the industry leader, it can be tempting to get too comfortable and think you’re untouchable. At Ecolab, we know that nobody’s untouchable and, most of all, we stay hungry for success. That’s what got us here today – and why we’ll keep turning it up tomorrow.
  ECOLAB TURN IT UP
