 A lEttER FRoM EcolAB cHAiRMAn AnD cHiEF ExEcutivE oFFicER 2011 PERFoRMAncE
             we have the right business model, the broad geographic reach, the deep expertise and the discipline to make our vision a reality, and we look forward to achieving it.
Ecolab’s core businesses performed well in 2011. Despite continued softness in some of our markets, we again drove sales and earnings growth, as well as attractive returns for our shareowners. our sales- and-service teams provided exceptional customer service, expanded relationships with key accounts globally and earned new business in established and developing markets.
our new product pipeline was our best ever, delivering improved performance, environmental benefits and cost savings. we continued to invest in innovation, opening a new research and development facility in shanghai, china. we also realized operational efficiencies, including simplifying our supply chain to better
manage increased costs for raw materials, streamlining our product offerings, enhancing field productivity through technology and consolidating back office functions. we continued to make our European operations leaner by focusing on key growth areas and improving competitive advantage.
Recent smaller acquisitions in our traditional markets continued to perform well, and in March, we acquired o.R. solutions, inc., a leading developer and marketer of surgical fluid warming and cooling systems in the united states, to augment our healthcare portfolio. our continued strong financial position will enable us to keep investing in strategic acquisitions that advance our
core businesses.
nAlco MERgER
on July 20, 2011, we announced our intention to merge with nalco, a game-changing move which puts us at the nexus of growing energy and water demands. nalco is the world’s leading water technology company. its chemistries, services and analytics help customers manage inbound water quality, treat boiler and cooling water, and
         toward the end of last year, the world’s population hit seven billion.
Behind that astounding figure lies a growing global demand for safe food, clean water, affordable energy and quality healthcare. we
see tremendous opportunity in that reality because we have the products, services and expertise to help our customers meet those needs anywhere in the world.
our merger with nalco, the world’s foremost provider of water management products and services, has transformed Ecolab
into a global leader in water, hygiene and energy technologies and services. looking ahead, we are excited about the expanded business opportunities that the merger makes possible. we are eager to apply the full range of our combined expertise to provide and protect what is vital: clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments.
More on that in a moment.
effectively manage and reduce waste water streams. nalco serves industries as diverse as food and beverage manufacturing, pulp and paper production, mining, and energy around the world. nalco offers best-in-class technology, outstanding field sales-and-service capability and a global reach, with a strong presence in emerging markets. we closed the transaction on December 1, 2011, becoming an $11 billion company with more than 40,000 employees globally.
the world Bank predicts that demand for fresh water will exceed supply by 50 percent by 2025 — and water scarcity is emerging as a major issue. obviously the availability of fresh water is essential to healthy lives: it is core to hydration, key to food production, central to industrial and service industries, including the production and availability of energy, and is at the heart of cleaning and sanitizing. in short, we pursued this merger because it enables us to achieve our purpose: to make the world cleaner, safer and healthier, protecting people and vital resources.
with nalco’s broad suite of technologies and expertise, we are well positioned to help our customers manage water through conservation, recycling and reuse. through our combined perspectives, we will be able to gain an even more comprehensive view into our customers’ businesses. For example, our combined teams can capture and analyze data from multiple systems, see how processes interact and impact each other, and identify the opportunities that are only apparent through a holistic view.
4 Ecolab | Annual Report 2011

 this means we can solve more problems, more effectively improve efficiency and profitability, and serve each customer with an even more tailored and personal approach.
similarly, through nalco’s long-established energy business, we are well positioned to help energy companies manage their work — and their water usage — in sustainable ways. nalco is involved in four critical areas of energy development — drilling and completion, oilfield production, enhanced oil recovery and downstream refining — providing solutions for both water and process challenges. nalco’s industry-leading technologies, along with monitoring and analysis, deliver greater efficiency and environmental sustainability to customer operations. we are excited about this business and its growth prospects.
As one company, we have the world’s largest, best-trained and most experienced sales-and-service team and a full circle of products and services to further build our relationships with the largest players in global business. our companies share a business model that brings on-site customer service together with innovative products and services to deliver value to our customers. our technologies are compatible and our customer-focused cultures are nearly identical. these similarities will accelerate our ability to unify as one company with a shared vision and purpose.
we were prudent in undertaking and financing the merger. we completed financing for the transaction in 2011, and did so while retaining a strong investment grade rating post-merger. we
also were able to undertake a $500 million share repurchase in December, and expect another $500 million share repurchase in 2012 to take advantage of the low interest rate environment and enhance returns to shareholders.
outlook FoR 2012
2. accelerate growth
nalco’s deep expertise, global reach and leading suite of water solutions will enable us to provide total water processing management to our food and beverage, hospitality and laundry customers around the world. there also will be opportunities for nalco customers to benefit from Ecolab’s expertise, particularly in antimicrobials.
we will build share with our largest customers in all sectors; position Energy services to win in unconventional oil and gas markets in north America; expand our leadership position in emerging markets; and continue to build our healthcare platform. A major focus will be the opportunity to provide our food and beverage customers with broader water process services capabilities. we will leverage innovation and pricing to strengthen profitability across all businesses.
3. Deliver synergies
Although the rationale for the merger is growth, we announced that we would achieve $250 million in cost synergies. it is critical that we continue to drive a lean mindset throughout our organization. our customers expect excellent technology and service, and they expect it at an affordable cost. to ensure our ability to deliver on those expectations, we will work to eliminate the natural duplication that occurs in a merger, particularly in administrative areas. we do not plan any material changes in our sales, service, or research and development resources or investments. our immediate synergy focus will be in procurement, manufacturing and corporate general and administrative expenses. we will continue to improve business performance in our Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region.
As we look to the year ahead, we are a bigger company, with new capabilities and new businesses. But the fundamentals for success have not changed. we remain a company with a high-touch service model. our field organization’s deep knowledge of customer needs,
      As we enter 2012, we are better positioned for growth than we have ever been. we have improved access to global markets, which are fueled by the mega trends described earlier: growing population, water scarcity, increased hygiene challenges, especially in food and healthcare, and increased energy demand. we estimate the total market we now serve exceeds $100 billion.
we are better equipped to help our customers meet the challenges they face, which will enable us to grow even faster. our technology, service reach and management experience give us a significant advantage over our key competitors. we have the financial capability to continue to fund our growth, and most importantly, we have
a unified focus on delivering excellent results for our customers, employees and shareholders.
As we enter our first year as a combined enterprise, we have chosen to focus on three key priorities:
1. Build one ecolab
As we blend our organizations, we will work to build one culture that is grounded in our shared values, making safety a core principle.
we know that great cultures are nurtured over time, and we will pay close attention to how we engage our people.
problem-solving orientation and application know-how are critical to the value we deliver. our success depends on our ability to provide value to our customers and ultimately improve the quality of life for the seven billion people with whom we share this planet.
we have the right business model, the broad geographic reach, the deep expertise and the discipline to make our vision a reality, and we look forward to achieving it.
sincerely,
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. chairman of the Board and chief Executive officer
 Ecolab | Annual Report 2011 5
