Allan L. Schuman, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

· Our income from continuing operations rose 14 percent to $176 million. Diluted earnings per share also went up 14 percent to $1.31. It was our seventh consecutive year of double-digit earnings per share growth. There aren't many companies who can say that, and Ecolab is proud to be one of them.

· First let's talk products. In 1999, we introduced more highly differentiated, value-added products to solve customers' needs. They include the Aerolite Professional Laundry System, which dispenses superconcentrated on-premise laundry products automatically, eliminating buckets, half-used containers and messy spills. We've enjoyed great success with the Super Express Service Station,

· We watched our stock price increase from $36.19 to a record

a detailing system for full-service car washes that features popular Blue Coral-brand products. And we're very excited about MatchUp, a modular cleaning program specifically designed for the unique needs of quickservice restaurants.

We've redefined `clean'-- and have the results to prove it.
balance sheet. That's a remarkable fact, and it's a testament to the continuing vitality of our aggressive Circle the Customer ­ Circle the Globe business strategy. In other words, there are results. And then there are Ecolab Results. Read on for a brief overview of our many achievements

$39.13 during 1999, our fifth consecutive year of growth. Despite a tumultuous period in which investors focused heavily on Internet and technology stocks, we finished another year with a record market price and capitalization.

· Food safety remained a high-profile issue during 1999, and · Our return on beginning shareholders' equity was 25 percent, once again exceeding our corporate goal of 20 percent. Ecolab was again at the forefront with offerings that protect both our customers' businesses, and their customers' health. Victory, for instance, is an EPA-registered wash solution for foodservice · In December, we raised our quarterly cash dividend 14 percent to $0.12 per common share. As a result, our indicated annual rate went up to $0.48 per share. It was our eighth consecutive annual operations that's designed to remove potentially dangerous microorganisms from the surfaces of fruits and vegetables. Food processing plants are raving about EcoCare, a personnel hygiene program that includes everything from hand cleaners to doorway sanitizing systems. We even leveraged our immense food safety expertise to create comprehensive cleaning and sanitation programs for the world's pharmaceutical and cosmetic manufacturers.

To Our Shareholders
Ecolab has given a whole new meaning to "clean." In fact, we've been relentlessly defining and redefining clean for more than three quarters of a century. Since 1923, Ecolab has set the standard for excellence in the cleaning and sanitation industry. And just when it seems we couldn't possibly raise the bar any higher, we top ourselves yet again -- delighting our customers and outshining the

during 1999.

Performance defined:
Once again, I'm very pleased to be able to tell you that, as the previous year came to a close, Ecolab had a great many things to feel good about financially ­ to say the least.

dividend rate increase.

· Ecolab continued to enjoy strong cash flow, with cash provided by continuing operations of $293 million ­ a record level. This strong cash flow also contributed to a strengthened balance sheet. Our 1999 total debt to capitalization ratio was 27 percent, allowing us

· I've said it before, and I'll say it again: Ecolab's sales-and-service force is the largest, best-trained organization of its kind in the industry. And in 1999, it became even bigger and better. We added more than 550 associates, for a total of nearly 7,000. If you include our Henkel-Ecolab associates, the number rises to more than 9,300 associates globally. That is service coverage on an unprecedented scale. And because our field associates are always learning and expanding their knowledge ­ whether at our world-class Ecolab

· Sales from wholly owned operations, for instance, were up 10 competition every step of the way. percent to $2.1 billion. That's another record, and it represents the Simply put, there's clean. And then there's Ecolab Clean. first time that we've exceeded the $2 billion mark in our company's Consequently, we've also set an equally impressive standard for history. Credit goes to our incomparable sales-and-service force financial performance. Ecolab is among an elite group of companies and its continued, aggressive sales endeavors, as well as new that have all demonstrated the ability to generate strong, consistent product and service launches, and significant personnel additions. growth. Quarter after quarter. Year after year. Indeed, we're one of only 9 companies in the Standard & Poor's 500 index that can boast of having achieved 20 consecutive quarters of double-digit earnings per share growth, while at the same time maintaining a greater than 20 percent return on equity and an investment-grade · Our global sales coverage, including our European joint venture, Henkel-Ecolab, reached $3 billion. Fueled by the diligent efforts of Ecolab associates around the world, these outstanding results helped us offset the effects of the Asian and Latin American economies, which were sluggish.

to uphold a strong "A" category balance sheet from all the major rating agencies. In recognition, Moody's Investors Service upgraded Ecolab's senior debt rating from A3 to A2 and our commercial paper rating from Prime-2 to Prime-1. In doing so, Moody's cited our steady earnings and cash flow growth, as well as improved Henkel-Ecolab performance.

Growth defined:
To attain the kind of financial success outlined above, a company must have premium, differentiated products and services that handle its customers' toughest challenges. And it must possess an extraordinary team of people to provide sales, service and support.

University training center in St. Paul or in other venues around the world ­ they truly become experts in cleaning and sanitation.

20

Ecolab 1999 Annual Report

Ecolab has both.

Ecolab 1999 Annual Report

21

· Ecolab further bolstered its foundation for future growth through acquisitions. We kicked off the year by welcoming Tucson, Ariz.based Blue Coral Systems into the Ecolab fold. The purchase made Ecolab the leader in the U.S. vehicle wash market, and it allows us to provide our customers with a full range of branded vehicle cleaning, appearance and specialty products. We also acquired Metro Appliance Service Inc. of Minneapolis, Minn., a provider of commercial kitchen equipment parts and repair services. Metro will contribute to Ecolab's growing national service network for commercial cooking, warewashing and refrigeration equipment. The integrations of several other recent acquisitions ­ including Brent Chemical Technologies, Savolite, and Vulcan Chemical Technologies, among others ­ proceeded along smoothly.

January 1, 2000. I am extremely honored by the board's confidence in me, and I savor the opportunity to lead this great company into its next century of growth.

that our associates constantly uphold the highest standards of performance, and we're honored to have been among the select group of recipients.

opportunity to better serve our customers, our associates, and our shareholders. Sure, there will be challenges along the way ­ ongoing industry consolidation remains a concern, as does the usual economic uncertainty in some areas of the world ­ but we're

· Mike Shannon's departure also opened the door to our new executive vice president and chief financial officer, L. White Matthews III. Before joining Ecolab in July, White spent more than 20 years with Union Pacific, where he was CFO and a director. He is a valued addition to the Ecolab family.

Outlook for 2000:
It's the dawn of the 21st century, and we're ready to make it the

more than up to the task. Differentiated solutions, delivered around the globe by an unparalleled team of experts, resulting in increased sales and greater market share: It all adds up to growth.

Ecolab Century. That's what Ecolab does best. That's because, for us, this new century of growth effectively Ecolab Clean equals Ecolab Results. The Ecolab Century is began long before our calendar pages officially turned to the year about to begin. 2000 a few short months ago. Back when the 1990s were still in full swing, we were already busy building the Ecolab of the future ­ piece by piece. We launched an incredible array of cutting-edge product and
Allan L. Schuman Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

· In March, the board of directors acknowledged the retirement of longtime director Philip L. Smith. Phil was a respected voice on the board for 10 years, and he will be greatly missed.

· In August, we broke ground on a new, state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in Martinsburg, W.Va. Scheduled to begin operations in January 2001, the 225,000-square-foot facility will make us even better equipped to keep up with the ever-increasing demand for our many products and services. The goods produced there will be distributed all along the Eastern seaboard, from Maine to the tip of Florida. Martinsburg will combine the best practices of all of our plants globally, both in terms of manufacturing processes and environmental stewardship.

· Also in March, the board welcomed new members Jerry A. Grundhofer and William L. Jews. Jerry is president and chief executive officer of Firstar Corp., a bank holding company based in Milwaukee, Wis. Bill is president and chief executive officer of CareFirst Inc., a regional healthcare services provider headquartered in Owings Mills, Md.

service offerings, all created to meet our customers' changing cleaning and sanitizing needs in this new era. We made strategic acquisitions, seizing opportunities to broaden our reach and expertise. And we made significant investments in personnel, technology and training. This allowed us to further strengthen our sales-andservice organization ­ already considered the industry's best ­ and its ability to circle the customer and circle the globe, providing

· Robert L. Lumpkins was elected to Ecolab's board of directors in August. Bob is vice chairman of the board and chief financial officer of Cargill Inc., a Minneapolis, Minn.-based marketer, processor and distributor of agricultural, food, financial and industrial products.

Ecolab Clean worldwide. All of which was driven by our desire to provide better service to our customers, and continued growth to our investors. Yes, today we can confidently say that Ecolab is truly a 21st-century company and that we're well-positioned for exceptional growth
Michael E. Shannon

Leadership defined:
Ecolab's senior management team underwent a number of changes in 1999. We welcomed new faces and said goodbye to some friends whose tireless contributions to this company will be felt for years to come. Among them were the following: We enthusiastically welcome our three new directors aboard.

Celebrating 15 years of service
1999 marked the retirement of Mike Shannon. Throughout his 15 years with Ecolab, Mike made many substantial and

in the coming decades. But that doesn't mean we're now going to

Proud? Definitely:
For years I've been saying how great our associates are. Now that fact has been acknowledged by Industry Week, a prominent trade

sit back and relax. Not by a long shot. As you well know, companies such as Ecolab that not only want to survive, but to thrive, during the next 100 years will have to constantly grow, adapt and stay at least one step ahead of the pack. That's what Ecolab intends to do, and 2000 will be no exception. We fully expect the coming year to be one of success and accomplishment. Ecolab will continue to capitalize on the tremendous momentum we now enjoy, taking full advantage of every

long-range contributions to our company. He built a strong financial and administrative staff, brought excellent executive and strategic leadership to the financial management of the company, and developed solid community and government relations programs. Moreover, Mike was very active in leader-

· When Mike Shannon, our former chairman of the board and chief financial and administrative officer, announced his retirement (see sidebar), it prompted Ecolab's board of directors to elect me to the additional post of chairman of the board, effective

publication that focuses on global manufacturing enterprises. In August, Industry Week named Ecolab to its list of the world's 100 best-managed companies. The award is a tribute to the fact

ship positions within the community, from arts organizations to human services. Ecolab is fortunate to have had the thoughtful and disciplined insights he brought to its management team, as well as his breadth of involvement. Thank you, Mike, for your tireless support of Ecolab and your work to build its future.

22

Ecolab 1999 Annual Report

