                          TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
New technologies, customer-driven solutions, and policies and regulations are evolving every day in the energy industry. The changes are significant, and they present both challenges and opportunities. We will meet these challenges with the best possible customer experience and by ensuring everything we do is done with precision and accuracy.
Today, more so than ever, we are ready for an exciting future of transformation, opportunity, and new priorities. We’re taking advantage of the emerging technologies and clean air standards that
 are redefining our business. Our customers want cleaner, more efficient energy choices, and more control over when and how they use power. Their priorities must be our priorities. This focus, coupled with investments to strengthen the grid, engage our workforce, and support our communities, will help us power our region’s robust economic engine and deliver shareholder value.
New York City’s population is at record levels. So are jobs. Private sector employment in New York City has outpaced the nation, and we’ve seen big gains in professional and business services, leisure and hospitality, education, and healthcare. New York’s thriving tech sector has also gained more of a foothold. New startups are planting roots, and well-established companies like Google, Amazon, Facebook, and LinkedIn continue to add to their ranks. Housing starts nearly doubled in 2015 over 2014, with building permits increasing 179 percent over that same period. Tourism is at an all-time high; New York City welcomed 58 million visitors last year from around the globe.
Our company and our region will continue to thrive for years to come, driven by our innovative spirit, and our ability to provide clean, cost-effective energy and incomparable reliability.
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2015 3
      
                  MAKING CUSTOMER PRIORITIES OUR PRIORITIES
 Call it the “Amazon effect.” Today you can order something online and get it delivered the same day, plus get recommendations about what else to buy based on your individual preferences. This level of customer service and personaliza- tion is the new standard, and Con Edison is committed to bringing this same high level of service to its customers.
Our goal is to offer tailored insights and action plans to help customers save energy, as well as proactive alerts about energy use and billing projections. Customers can already text us to report a power outage and chat with us 24/7 on Twitter. Our utility websites are undergoing
a complete overhaul to improve the digital customer experience. Our online community lets us engage with customers in forums and surveys. We use the feedback to gain insight about what we’re doing well, and to find areas where we can do better.
Across the globe, people are incredibly savvy about their energy choices. From rooftop solar panels and combined heat-and-power systems, to energy management systems, consumers are taking more control over the way they use energy. Without question, the changes in our industry are being driven by the customer.
As customers seek to control cost and use, our regulators are looking to dramatically change how energy is generated and consumed in New York State. A proceeding called “Reforming the Energy Vision,” or REV, brings together regulators, utilities, and market players to create a roadmap toward these goals.
There are many elements to REV. An essential aspect is that utilities will become the distributed energy system platform operator, meaning we will act as an air traffic controller, balancing supply and demand for energy. This way we will be able to maximize the benefits of new renewable and
other distributed generation. This new grid inter- face will allow consumers, renewable energy businesses, technology providers, and utilities to interact like never before.
Under REV, we’re exploring other ideas and business models for utilities and energy service providers that encourage flexibility, innovation, value, and customer engagement. One demon- stration project combines rooftop solar with battery storage to create a virtual power plant. We’ll offer homeowners incentives for installing solar panels along with battery storage. We can use the stored power to help our electric systems operate more efficiently and reliably. Another benefit: homeowners can tap into the backup battery during power outages.
In other demonstration projects, customers will get home energy reports that connect them with third-party offers for solar, smart thermostats, and energy efficiency upgrades. We’re also creating digital marketplaces—one for homeowners, and another for large commercial customers—to make it easier for them to find energy-saving products and services.
We are testing new business models today to meet growing demand in areas of Brooklyn and Queens. In order to defer building a $1 billion substation, we’re engaging residential and business customers in new solutions to meet growth. More than 8,000 homeowners and businesses in these targeted neighborhoods are helping us reach our 9-mega- watt energy reduction goal this year. For example, a beverage distributor in East Williamsburg, Brooklyn, is saving $4,000 a month on lighting thanks to our small business incentives. In fact, this business went even further by installing a huge solar installation, yet another sign of change. In Ozone Park, Queens, a home decorating ware- house is saving more than $10,000 a year after a lighting upgrade. These savings are coupled with

                 other customer-sided solutions like demand response, fuel cells, and battery storage.
Another way we are meeting customer demand for choice, convenience, and control is through our investment in Advanced Metering Infrastructure. This smart meter technology will reduce operating costs and improve customer service. We’ll be able to automatically detect when customers lose power, leading to faster restoration times. The technology is also a fundamental building block for incorporating distributed resources like rooftop solar into the grid to support our new role as distributed system platform operator. Today we are laying the groundwork for these new informa- tion systems, so that we can install our first smart meters in Staten Island and the Village of Pomona in Rockland County next year.
Interest in renewable energy continues to soar. Rooftop solar installations have more than
tripled over the past two years in our service territory, and there are now 10,500 installations generating more than 140 megawatts of solar capacity from Orange County to Brooklyn. Our charge is to help solar customers connect
as easily as possible, and be ready to deliver the energy they need when the sun sets.
All the while, we continue to help customers save money and energy through incentives
for energy-efficiency upgrades. From single- family homes in Westchester County to Manhattan’s skyscrapers, more than 250,000 customers to date have participated in our energy efficiency offerings, and cashed in on rebates and incentives for installing more efficient lighting, heating, and cooling systems. Through these programs and clean energy offerings, we’ve helped customers reduce the region’s carbon footprint, taking the equivalent of a million cars off the road.
           WE ARE RANKED #1 AMONG UTILITIES IN THE EASTERN U.S. FOR OUR FOCUS ON THE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE.
   CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2015 5
      
                               WE INVEST $2.5 BILLION A YEAR TO MAINTAIN A RESILIENT, RELIABLE, MODERN GRID.
      2015 HIGHLIGHTS
 CON EDISON OF NEW YORK
ELECTRIC OPERATIONS
 CON EDISON OF NEW YORK
GAS OPERATIONS
 CON EDISON OF NEW YORK
STEAM OPERATIONS
 Avoided more than 79,000 customer outages over two years as a result of resiliency investments.
Won PA Consulting Group’s 2015 “Outstanding System-Wide Reliability” award and its “Northeast Region ReliabilityOne” award.
Named “Investor-Owned Utility of the Year” by the Solar Electric Power Association for smart grid technology that connects large solar installations to the grid.
Completed more than 11,000 new business service requests in response to strong residential growth.
Added more than 3,500 Wi-Fi thermostats representing about 3.5 MW of power to help meet residential customer demands.
      Invested more than $626 million to strengthen and expand infrastructure.
Converted more than 1,300 large New York City buildings from oil to gas, and installed another 2,200 new business services.
Replaced nearly 4,700 gas services and more than 74 miles of gas main.
Installed nine multistage gas regulator stations, upgraded one regulator station, and installed more than 16 miles of
gas main.
Set highest daily delivery record of more than 1.182 million DK on February 15, 2015.
      Connected five new customers, including the new World Trade Center Transportation Hub.
Sustained customer bill reduction of 12 percent.
Offered new and more flexible training for customers with a focus on safety and energy efficiency.
Continued to enhance reliability and safety with underground water-level detection devices.
Improved fuel efficiency at East River Station through Advanced Gas Path upgrades.
     
                  INVESTING IN OUR CORE BUSINESSES
 A strong core energy infrastructure is critical to our ability to meet the demands of the unfolding energy landscape. We invest more than $2.5 billion annually to maintain a resilient, highly reliable, modern grid. This vital backbone will be more important than ever as we begin to see more new technologies and customer-sided generation. This year, we are increasing our capital spending for our regulated utilities by another $300 million. Part of the additional funding will go toward continuing our extensive work to accelerate our gas main replacement, to protect our energy systems against severe weather, and to begin our multiyear Automated Meter Infrastructure project.
We’re nearly finished with our four-year, $1 billion plan to fortify our energy infrastructure against storms. We continue to install switches to reduce outages on our overhead electric distribution system, and add submersible equipment and devices designed to flood-proof substations and gas and steam systems. These improve- ments have already prevented tens of thousands of outages, and if the lights do go out, we are now able to restore service faster.
We’ve made huge investments to enhance the safety of our gas system, and have exceeded our target of replacing 65 miles of cast iron and unprotected steel pipe. We’ve done all this even with a doubling in the number of gas odor calls we’ve responded to in the past two years. We’ve also continued to build upon our robust, multilingual “Smell Gas. Act Fast.” public safety campaign. This year, we are launching
a pilot program to test methane detectors in customers’ homes to determine the effective- ness of and consumer response to these gas leak detectors.
Con Edison is vigilant about minimizing the risks associated with cyber and physical attacks. It’s a worldwide issue. We are partnering with the United States Office of Homeland Security, intelligence officials, the United States Department of Energy, state and local govern- ment, and law enforcement organizations to take a comprehensive approach. No one utility, no one agency is in this alone. Con Edison is relentless about investigating security risks, educating our people, and drilling and refining contingency plans.
 ORANGE AND ROCKLAND UTILITIES
 CON EDISON SOLUTIONS
 CON EDISON DEVELOPMENT AND CON EDISON ENERGY
 Developed an online, one-stop customer market- place for energy-efficiency products and services.
Set highest hourly, daily, and monthly gas delivery records during January 2015.
Replaced more than 18 miles of gas main to enhance safety and reliability.
Achieved all-time record of responding to 89 percent of gas odor calls within 30 minutes.
Launched online gas leak map plotting all reported outdoor gas leaks.
Became one of the first utilities in the nation to test pipeline robotics to inspect live gas transmission mains.
Completed remediation of a former manufactured gas plant site in Nyack, New York.
        Awarded largest municipal aggregation in Massachusetts— a purchasing consortium of 23 municipalities—along with aggregations in other parts of the state.
Launched pilot program to lease high-efficiency solar systems to homeowners in New York State.
Awarded a microgrid, energy efficiency, and solar project in Stamford, Connecticut, and a project to develop energy efficiency proposals for seven U.S. Veterans Administration hospitals in West Virginia, Virginia, and North Carolina.
Completed 1.9 MW of solar projects at four locations for New York City’s Department of Citywide Administrative Services.
Installed 1.3 MW of solar power at a truck manufacturing plant in Maryland.
      Completed development and construction on seven projects in 2015, totaling 265 MW DC, bringing total capacity of renewable projects to 933 MW DC.
Invested $778 million in renewable projects in 2015.
Ranked sixth in the top solar project owners in North America.
Completed 95 MW Campbell County Wind Farm in South Dakota.
Produced more than 1 TWh in 2015 across the portfolio.
     
                  GROWTH FOR A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE
 It’s our duty to keep our business sustainable in order to deliver value to you, our shareholders. We do this by meeting new challenges, identifying growth opportunities, and giving customers what they want. Nearly 2,000 customers converted from oil to natural gas in 2015. The conversions are good for business, our customers, and the environment. We’re increasing our gas and electric transmission capacity to meet future needs, and expanding our renewables portfolio across North America. Taken together, our sustainable business model puts us on a solid and profitable path.
We are continually aligning our business as we move toward this new energy future. As such, we’ve created a new subsidiary, Con Edison Transmission, to focus on new electric and gas transmission, an area where we see significant potential for growth in the coming years. This new business will give us the opportunity to
offer a wide range of customers more diverse low-cost energy supplies.
Our competitive energy businesses are focused on renewable energy projects, investing a total of $1.8 billion in 2015 and 2016. We’re ranked the sixth-largest solar owner in North America. In 2015, we expanded into the wind business with new projects in South Dakota and Nebraska. In another sign of change, Con Edison Solutions entered the residential rooftop solar business.
As we expand into new opportunities for growth, we must also assess our existing businesses
to ensure that they meet our objectives for predictability, performance, and potential. As a result, we have decided to sell our Pennsylvania subsidiary, Pike County Light and Power, and are pursuing the sale of Con Edison Solutions’ retail commodity supply business.
            OURCUSTOMERSAREAT THECENTEROFALLWEDO..
 8 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2015
      
                  AN UNWAVERING COMMITMENT TO OUR PEOPLE AND COMMUNITIES
   Con Edison is only as good as the women and men who work safely, smartly, and tirelessly each day to keep the power on, and keep this vibrant region humming.
The diversity of our people has been a tremen- dous advantage of ours for many years. We’re proud to embody the cultures, backgrounds, and experiences that make New York so iconic, dynamic, and great. The ability to draw on
the different experiences and traditions of our people, and consider many different view- points, helps us make better decisions, and makes us stronger.
Our unwavering commitment to our com- munities remains a top priority. We’re proud
supporters of hundreds of local nonprofits focusing on the environment, education, arts and culture, civics, and community. Our people volunteer and serve on boards.
Our job shadowing program helps students learn more about our company and the energy industry. We pair high school students with our engineers, splicers, public affairs experts, lawyers, and architects to offer them a closer look at future job opportunities at Con Edison. To further encourage the next generation of employees, we’ve partnered with educational institutions across our region on programs that inspire students to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering, and math.
             WE DEMONSTRATE OUR COMMITMENT TO OUR COMMUNITIES BY PROUDLY SUPPORTING HUNDREDS OF LOCAL NONPROFITS.
  CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2015 9
      
                          THE POWER OF GIVING
PRIMED FOR THE FUTURE
We take enormous pride in our responsibility to keep the lights on, the heat pumping, and our operations primed for a future that is constantly evolving.
Excellence in all we do is our commitment to you, our customers, our shareholders, and my fellow employees. By making smart investments and prudent decisions, we have once again increased your annual dividend for the 42nd consecutive year to $2.60 per share, an 8-cent increase. Going forward, we will continue to work with our regulators to develop a fair and reasonable rate structure that benefits all customers, supports customer choice, recognizes the value of the grid, and allows for solid returns.
The energy industry is evolving, but Con Edison has a clear vision toward a strong, successful future. The moves we’re making today will help us define and succeed in this new energy era. The women and men of Con Edison are committed to building on the innovative spirit that has shaped our company and helped ready us for this exciting future. We will do all this because we know that when it comes to our customers, everything matters.
Thank you for your confidence and support.
John McAvoy
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 TENEMENT MUSEUM
The Tenement Museum preserves and interprets the history of immigration through the personal experiences
of the generations of new- comers who settled in and built lives on Manhattan’s Lower East Side. Con Edison’s grant supports the construction of a new classroom used to educate children and adults about contemporary immigration.
  INTREPID SEA, AIR & SPACE MUSEUM
As part of Con Edison’s new STEM Days Out program, public middle-school classes visit the Intrepid to learn about science, technology, engineering, and math. The GOALS for Girls program introduces teenage girls to women in STEM careers to help them explore college and career opportunities in STEM fields.
  GrowNYC
GrowNYC’s hands-on programs teach students how to plant trees, remove invasive species, mulch and care for existing trees, build green model homes, build and
test pizza box solar ovens, test air and water quality, and more. The goal is to give students a greater awareness of environmental issues so that they act to conserve and protect natural resources.
 THE BRONX MUSEUM OF THE ARTS
Con Edison sponsors Family Affair, a free program that gives kids and their families an opportunity to explore visual art and exhibits related to the Bronx community. The program offers a chance to strengthen family bonds through quality time spent together touring exhibits and participating in art-making workshops.
    DOMINICAN COLLEGE
Dominican College is conducting a yearlong research project to explore contamination of the Sparkill Creek, an eight-mile-long tributary of the Hudson River. A grant from Orange and Rockland will provide researchers with laboratory supplies to help them test water quality and better understand how to restore the health of the creek.
 10 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2015
      