To Our Shareholders
 Strength
In 2005, our focus on the core business of delivering energy allowed Con Edison to meet the power needs of the world’s most demanding marketplace — and to achieve solid results for our shareholders.
As the NewYork region’s economy continued to expand at a healthy rate,
our program of infrastructure investments — more than $1.6 billion in 2005 alone — provided the operational strength necessary to meet the rising demand for energy.
The company’s long-standing financial strategy of making careful investments and maintaining a strong balance sheet and stable credit ratings enabled us to increase the dividend we pay to shareholders for the 32nd consecutive year.
Focused on Delivering Energy
The centerpieces of Con Edison are
our two regulated utilities: Con Edison Company of New York, and Orange and Rockland Utilities (O&R). Con Edison of New York, which serves the five boroughs of NewYork City and parts of Westchester County, has more than three million
electric customers, more than one million natural gas customers, and approximately 1,800 steam customers. O&R serves almost 300,000 electric customers and 125,000 gas customers in Orange, Rockland, and Sulli- van counties in southeastern NewYork State and adjacent sections of New Jersey and Pennsylvania.Together, they employ more than 14,000 people.
The growth in both electricity and gas deliveries — our core businesses — is connected to the economic growth in our service area.The economy of our region is remarkably diverse and vibrant.And last year, factors such as the growth in housing
and corporate expansions fueled the robust economy — in New York City, in West- chester County, and in the seven counties west of the Hudson River in O&R’s service territory.
In addition, life in the 21st century is becoming more energy intensive.Whether it’s the increased deployment of computers and servers or the greater use of air conditioners, high-definition televisions, and cell phones, people are consuming more electricity as they go about their daily routines.While the population in our service area grew by 6.5 percent between 1994 and 2004, electric consumption grew by 20 percent.
Leadership Transition
Kevin Burke
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 Con Edison places a high value on stability and continuity in all its endeavors, and particularly in the realm of management succession. In February 2006, the board of directors of Consolidated Edison, Inc. elected Kevin Burke, president and chief execu- tive officer, as chairman of the board. Mr. Burke succeeds Eugene R. McGrath, who retired effective February 28, 2006. Mr. McGrath, who has served as Con Edison’s chairman since 1990, will remain on the company’s board of directors.
Mr. McGrath, a 43-year veteran of Con Edison, guided the company through major changes in the energy industry, most notably deregulation and the company’s entrance into competitive energy markets through the establishment of several competitive businesses. He also oversaw the company’s largest investment program to meet the energy needs of New Yorkers. During his tenure, Con Edison maintained its position as the most reliable electric utility in the United States.
On September 1, 2005, Mr. Burke became president and chief executive officer
of Consolidated Edison, Inc. Since joining the company in 1973, he has held senior operating positions at Con Edison of New York and Orange and Rockland Utilities (O&R), and, beginning in September 2000, served as president and chief operating officer of Con Edison of New York. As part of an orderly transition, veteran executive Louis Rana succeeded Mr. Burke as president and chief operating officer of Con Edison of New York. Robert Hoglund, our former senior vice president of finance, was appointed chief financial officer. Joan Freilich, formerly chief financial officer, was named vice chairman.
Our operating performance and a healthy local economy produced solid results in 2005 for our shareholders.
CON EDISON 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 

  As a result of these trends, demand for both electricity and gas continues to rise. Last summer, which was warmer than usual, both Con Edison of New York and O&R experienced a number of record peaks in customer usage of electricity.
In addition, both utilities set new cold- weather electric peaks during the winter of 2004-2005, despite the fact that the season as a whole was relatively mild. Over the next five years, we expect that Con Edison of NewYork’s electricity peak usage will grow about 1.5 percent per year and that O&R’s peak customer usage will grow about 2.7 percent annually.
In Con Edison’s vision, the delivery of energy demands an unwavering commitment to reliability, and to excellent environmental, health, and safety performance. Last year, we saw continued improvement in our efforts to conserve natural resources; provide a safe, healthy workplace; and minimize the environmental impact of our operations.
Financial Results
Our operating performance and a healthy local economy produced solid results in 2005 for our shareholders. Net income in 2005 was $719 million, or $2.95 per share, compared with $537 million, or $2.28 per share, in 2004. Earnings from continuing operations were $732 million, or $3.00 per share, compared with $549 million,
or $2.33 per share, in 2004.
Including reinvested dividends, total
return to Con Edison shareholders in 2005 was 11.4 percent, compared with 17.7 per- cent for the S&P electric utilities index, and 4.9 percent for the S&P 500. Over the past five years, Con Edison’s stock has returned 57.4 percent, compared with 30.6 percent
For more than 180 years, Con Edison has remained dedicated to continuity —
in service to our customers, in fiscal strength, in leadership, and in partnerships with our vibrant communities.
for the S&P electric utilities index, and 2.8 percent for the S&P 500. Con Edison is the only utility in the S&P 500 with 25 or more consecutive years of dividend increases. In January 2006, for the 32nd straight year, we increased our dividend. Raising our divi- dend to an annualized $2.30 per share is
a tangible measure of our commitment to shareholder value.
We work constructively with regulatory agencies and other constituents to com- municate the importance of Con Edison having the necessary resources to continue investing in the region’s energy infrastruc- ture. Last year, Con Edison of New York’s new electric rate plan went into effect.
Competitive Businesses
In addition to our core energy delivery business, Con Edison also operates several competitive energy businesses: Con Edison Development, Con Edison Energy, and Con Edison Solutions. These companies generate and deliver energy, sell energy in wholesale and retail markets, and provide energy- related services consistent with our support for competitive energy markets access and consumer choice.
Following a comprehensive review, we concluded that the fiber optic network constructed by our telecommunications subsidiary, Consolidated Edison Communica- tions, would have greater value and serve its customers more effectively within a broader telecommunications business environment. Consequently, in December 2005, an agreement was reached to sell the company to RCN Corporation for $32 million, subject to certain adjustments at closing.
The Next Generation
Con Edison’s energy infrastructure has always played a crucial role in supporting the economic prosperity of metropolitan NewYork and sustaining the quality of life that people living and working in the region have come to expect.To carry out this vital mission, we expect to invest more than $5.3 billion in our infrastructure over the next three years.
Planning for the future requires us to do more than simply adhere to existing plans. The energy industry, by its very nature, is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CON EDISON 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 2

   (Above Left) Alfonso J. Castro, O&R line technician 2nd class, prepares to upgrade a secondary wire. (Above Right) In 2005, Con Edison continued its long and steady record of supplying the energy that powers New York. (Opposite Page, l-r) General utility workers John Keenan and Vishnu Gopaulsammy working
on a gas excavation project; part of the $150 million Con Edison of New York invested in its gas distribution system in 2005.
one of evolving challenges. At present, for example, the combination of tight supplies and increased demand for natural gas in the United States has increased the cost of electricity, gas, and steam dramatically.
As a result, national attention is once again focused on energy. In advance of winter 2005-2006, Con Edison took steps to secure adequate supplies of natural gas and intro- duced an education campaign that provided customers with information on energy conservation, budget programs, and fuel- assistance programs.
We’re also working to develop the tools, technologies, and processes that will
enable us to maintain reliability and improve service in the future.A broad range of initiatives that is currently under way will train the next generation of energy-industry professionals.And because our future as a business is directly linked to the future of the communities we serve, Con Edison invests in strategic partnerships with not- for-profit and other groups aimed at im- proving the quality of life for our customers.
Remaining Focused,
Remaining Strong
For more than 180 years, Con Edison has remained dedicated to continuity — in service to our customers, in fiscal strength, in leadership, and in partnerships with our vibrant communities. At Con Edison, 2005 was in some ways a year of transition, with
a number of changes in top leadership. But it was also a year in which we remained true
to our core mission — delivering energy to a demanding, dynamic marketplace. Every day, our team arrived at work focused on providing excellent service. But our plans and efforts also revolve around how Con Edison can build and serve the next generation of NewYorkers.We’re confident that by intently preparing for the future, by continually improving operations, and by managing our finances soundly, we will position our company to meet the energy needs of generations of New Yorkers to come — and continue to deliver solid returns to you, our shareholders.We appre- ciate the support you have shown for Con Edison and we pledge to work hard in the coming years to continue to earn your trust.
Kevin Burke
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 CON EDISON 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 3
