                                         To Our Shareholders

                                          Reliable. Resourceful. Responsible.
Con Edison has maintained an unwavering focus on the basics
This past year was one of continued accomplishment and outstanding service for your company. During a period of uncertain capital and energy markets and extreme volatility in our industry, Con Edison maintained an unwavering focus on the basics of our core business and a disciplined approach to new opportunities.
In 2002 Con Edison provided excellent service to customers and solid returns
to shareholders. We showed that integrity, consistency, and diligence can lead
to positive results even under difficult conditions. In recognition of our accomplishments, Platts/BusinessWeek named Con Edison Company of New York “Energy Company of the Year,” citing overall excellence in safety, delivery of energy, customer care, technological innovation, and environmental concern.
Our performance in 2002 was the
result of many factors. Our financial discipline and strategic focus have enabled us to maintain a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, which are of particularly great value when the capital markets are as unpredictable
as they’ve been over the past year.
The hard work of our 14,000 employees enabled us to meet our own high standards of service and reliability,
and those of our customers. The role Con Edison and its people played in
the rebuilding of lower Manhattan after the events of September 2001 was instrumental in the city’s recovery.
The service areas of our regulated companies, Con Edison of New York and Orange and Rockland Utilities, include
the nation’s most important commercial hub and some of its most densely populated residential areas. In all, we serve nearly half of New York State’s population and deliver 44 percent of all electric energy consumed in the state.
All our customers – whether they are tenants of the Empire State Building or residents of Middletown – need an energy supply they can count on. The reliability
of our system assured that record usage levels in the summer of 2002 could
be met, a testament to our preparation and commitment.
Even as we leverage our expertise
in related markets, Con Edison remains intensely focused on its core business. We deliver energy. And we deliver it efficiently, safely, reliably, and profitably. Our future is directly aligned with
the health and expansion of New York’s economy. We are, in effect, a partner and platform for job creation in the nation’s capital of finance, media, insurance,
and real estate. The smooth functioning of this dynamic economy depends heavily on uninterrupted energy service. Our transmission and distribution infrastructure enables customers to build, develop, and manage their businesses effectively. In so doing, we support the local economy, and encourage growth in the employment and tax bases. As business grows and demand for energy rises, so does our need to continue to build and modernize our systems.
We strive to communicate openly and fairly with investors
Earnings in 2002 were $668.1 million,
or $3.14 per share, before one-time charges to recognize the cumulative effect of new accounting principles.
This was $.08 per share lower than in 2001, reflecting the soft economy,
the very warm winter of 2001-02, and
a gas rate reduction, offset in part by the hot summer weather and productivity improvements. After charges of $.11
per share to reflect the adoption of newly issued accounting rules relating to goodwill impairment and certain wholesale energy transactions, earnings per
On It Con Edison Annual Report 2002 03
 
                                        The nation’s most
reliable source of electricity, gas, and steam
  04 On It Con Edison Annual Report 2002
 
                                          AboveWebster Gauchier, mechanic B. Con Edison's employees helped the company earn recognition
as the most reliable utility in North America in 2002.
Above Panoramic view of lower Manhattan, a key Con Edison service area, on May 28, 2002. The company serves nearly 3.5 million electricity customers and more than 1.2 million gas customers.
Previous page Con Edison flag flying above our field headquarters at the World Trade Center site.
  share were $3.03. Our confidence in the company’s strength and stability is reflected in our dividend, which we increased in January 2003 for the 29th consecutive year, to $2.24 per share.
In 2002 our return to shareholders
far outpaced the broader markets and our industry counterparts. Con Edison common stock ended the year at $42.82, an increase of 6.1 percent for the year, which compares very favorably with an 18.8 percent decline in the Standard
& Poor’s Electric Utilities Index and a 23.4 percent decline in the Standard &
Poor’s 500 Index. Including dividends, total return to Con Edison shareholders
in 2002 was 11.9 percent.
Our balance sheet and overall financial position remain strong. Your company’s regulated businesses maintained
A+ bond ratings in 2002. Debentures issued by Consolidated Edison, Inc., our holding company, were rated A by both Standard and Poor’s and Moody’s. Our equity ratio at year-end was 48.2 percent, giving us one of the strongest capital structures in the industry. Investors recognize and appreciate our disciplined and straightforward approach to financial matters. We strive to communicate openly and fairly with investors.
The nation’s most reliable source of electricity, gas, and steam
Every day your company provides the nation’s most reliable source of electricity, gas, and steam for commercial and residential use. Con Edison of New York serves New York City and Westchester County. Orange and Rockland Utilities serves parts of three states – Rockland, Orange, and Sullivan counties in
New York; Bergen, Passaic, and Sussex counties in New Jersey; and Pike County in Pennsylvania. These core regulated businesses deliver energy to nearly
3.5 million electricity customers, through
a vast network comprising 37,872 miles of overhead distribution lines and 92,540 miles of underground distribution lines, the largest underground electric distribution system in the world.
Your company also serves 1.22 million gas customers and approximately
1,850 steam customers. Industry experts have consistently cited Con Edison
of New York for its reliability. In 2002,
an independent industry group, PA Consulting, named the company the most reliable utility in North America.
Characterized by sound performance and steady cash flow, our two
utility subsidiaries accounted for 97
percent of Con Edison’s net income in 2002. The growth in our business stems from an increase in energy usage by
our customers, which is to a great extent a function of economic activity in our service area. To that end, we continually work with government, businesses,
and strategic partners to promote and support economic development. As we plan for and invest in the future, we do so with the confidence and assurance that stem from these important relationships. At the same time, we constantly strive
to increase the efficiency of our operations by controlling costs and by realizing improvements from our investments in innovation and research.
Participating in the new energy landscape
In recent years, Con Edison has
adopted and adhered to a disciplined approach to unregulated business opportunities. We have made investments focused on a series of markets and sectors related to our core business.
Our four competitive businesses, which can operate in concert to meet customers’ evolving needs, are Con Edison Communications, Con Edison Development, Con Edison Energy, and Con Edison Solutions. Providing such services as broadband infrastructure, electric generation, and wholesale and
 On It Con Edison Annual Report 2002 05
 
                                         Above Orange and Rockland bucket truck passing through Goshen, New York.
 retail management and marketing services, these companies are participating in the new competitive energy landscape.
We never strayed from the basics
The year 2002 proved to be a tumultuous one for the energy industry, as many companies encountered difficulties arising from failed investments in high-risk activities, excessive leverage, or questionable business practices. Because we never strayed from the basics –
in our mission or in our strategy – Con Edison has avoided these pitfalls.
New York’s restructured energy
markets are evolving, but without the sorts of supply disruptions and price distortions evident in some other regions. All New York customers today have a choice of purchasing electric energy and natural gas from independent energy services companies. We give our customers access to the information
and processes through which they can make informed choices about their energy supply and use. We work closely with government officials and policy makers, including the New York State Public Service Commission, the New York Independent System Operator, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,
and other agencies, to achieve stability of energy supply and an orderly market.
At Con Edison we’ve worked hard to earn and retain the trust and respect
of our stakeholders: investors, customers, employees, policy makers, and other companies in the industry. The credibility we’ve established with these constituencies is among our most valuable assets, and we protect it by adhering to high standards of corporate governance and business practices.
Con Edison can meet the challenges
Our employees are dedicated to
meeting the needs of our customers
and communities. They’re On It for New York, 24 hours a day. Our employees’ concern for others, backed up by solid technical expertise and a commitment
to keep developing their skills, is a key asset for our company. Our talented workforce gives us the confidence that we can meet the challenges we’ll face in
the coming years.
We benefit from serving the most diverse population in the country. Our workforce reflects that diversity, and we are committed to promoting and encouraging diversity at every level of the company. We are proud that, for example, Fortune
magazine has once again recognized Con Edison of New York as one of the top 50 companies for minorities.
Contributing to the rich fabric of life in our region
We do more than work in the communities we serve. We live in them, too, and contribute to their improvement through extensive volunteer activity and through support of a wide variety of educational, cultural, arts, health care, and environmental programs.
Education is a special focus of your company’s engagement with the community. For example, we have supported numerous programs, such as Green Horizons, that teach environmental values and practices to the next generation, and encourage career development in the field. Many of New York’s arts and cultural institutions, large and small, receive support from Con Edison – one of the ways we contribute to the rich fabric of life in our region.
Our efforts to improve the environmental quality of our region are also a daily
part of our jobs, and they are being recognized. In 2002 we were singled out by the Environmental Protection
Agency for facilitating the removal of
 06 On It Con Edison Annual Report 2002
 
                                          mercury pressure regulators and
for waste prevention by recycling, buying recycled-content products, and reusing equipment, thereby diverting 171 tons
of waste from landfills. And for the second consecutive year, O&R received the Tree Line USA Award from the National Arbor Day Foundation for its environmental stewardship.
A broad, diverse, and experienced slate of directors
Con Edison has assembled a broad, diverse, and experienced slate of directors, each of whom brings unique skills and perspective to the table. In June 2002 we welcomed Frederic V. Salerno
to our board of directors. Mr. Salerno is a native New Yorker and a 37-year veteran of Verizon Communications. He retired from that company as vice chairman
and had also been chief financial officer. His extensive experience in telecommunications, strategic planning, and business development will be of great benefit to our board.
At Con Edison, we’ve got our own basic “three Rs”: reliability, resourcefulness, and responsibility
Con Edison’s enduring strength isn’t measured just in the size of its distribution
Above Rosa Rodriguez, mechanic A, running through a job checklist outside a work vehicle.
systems, or in the reliability of its supply, or in the performance of its stock.
Rather, our strength is evident in the consistency of our long-term financial and operational performance, in our solid balance sheet, and in our credibility in the financial markets. We are committed
to maintaining both operational reliability and financial strength, so that we can perform critical work and accommodate future energy needs.
This past year has been a time when many investors came to recognize and appreciate the importance of the basics. In education, the basics refer to the
“three Rs.” At Con Edison, we’ve got
our own basic three Rs: reliability, resourcefulness, and responsibility. We strive to deliver the most reliable energy service, to be resourceful in solving problems and harnessing technology to improve operations, and to be responsible to all our stakeholders. While significant challenges undoubtedly lie ahead, we look forward to a long future of service and accomplishment.
Eugene R. McGrath
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
On It Con Edison Annual Report 2002 07
 