          TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
The energy landscape is changing, and Con Edison is at the forefront of the transformation. In 2014, our company— which has always brought power to
the lives, livelihoods, and landmarks
of New York—built on our history of reliability and innovation. We continued to evolve our businesses for the 21st century by investing in projects that give customers greater control and choices, strengthen our energy systems, grow our business, sustain our communities, engage employees, and deliver shareholder value. Providing safe, reliable, and increasingly
 clean energy at a reasonable price, and keeping customers at the heart of everything we do, remains our mission and guides us as we prepare for the future.
The vitality of our service territory is undisputed. Job growth in the region is outpacing the nation. Employment is at a record level and our ever-diversifying economy includes a rapidly growing technology sector. Over the past decade, employment in New York City’s tech sector has expanded by nearly a fifth. Google, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, eBay, and Yelp have all opened offices here.
The region’s economic strength is not just a technology story. The health, education, professional and business services, and hospitality and tourism industries are surging. Higher education construction is booming as universities continue to expand. A
new school, Cornell Tech, is taking shape on Roosevelt Island. Across our service territory, permits for residential construction are up 20 percent. Visitors and business travelers are coming to New York in record numbers. Last year, 56 million tourists pumped billions into the Big Apple. And not just in Manhattan. Dozens of hotels across the city are in the pipeline. We are witnessing steady population growth as well, with 8.4 million people now living in New York City.
Clearly, the opportunities for our business are vast and we owe it to our region and our owners to position our business for a profitable future.
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2014 3
      
               WE OFFER HOMEOWNERS AND BUSINESSES RELIABLE SERVICE, WAYS TO SAVE MONEY, AND CLEANER-ENERGY OPTIONS.
4 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2014
      
 BUILDING ON RELATIONSHIPS WITH CUSTOMERS
New technologies are redefining the way we live. Customers now expect and deserve convenience and options at their fingertips. To continue to be successful, we must deliver on 21st-century expectations and advance our relationships with customers. Just as retailers are now offering same-day delivery and accepting payment with a wave of a smart phone, we, too, must anticipate and respond to our customers’ needs and desires and get them information when and how they want it. Put simply: Our successes will be built on making customers’ priorities our priorities.
Every tool needs to be on the table when it comes
to improving how we do business. Customers can now make new service requests online, report outages with mobile apps or text messages, get energy-savings tips from Facebook, and connect with customer service representatives on Twitter.
A new online advisory community is putting us in touch with customer opinions. Neighborhood work notices let residents and businesses know we’ll be in their communities and explain what we’re doing. Online energy calculators give customers greater insights about their energy use and costs. Looking forward, advanced metering infrastructure has great potential to make our operations more efficient and help customers make smarter energy choices.
Programs that help reduce energy use without compromising lifestyles strengthen our interactions with customers as well. We partner with homeowners and big businesses, offering smart thermostats and other energy management systems that give our customers more control every day, and help us when our energy delivery systems are stressed.
From single-family homes in Rockland County to skyscrapers in Manhattan, we have something for everyone. Customers can get rebates and incentives for turning in old appliances and installing high- efficiency lighting, cooling, and heating systems. To date, the work has kept more than 350,000 tons of carbon out of the atmosphere. For example, last year Duane Reade installed state-of-the-art lighting at its distribution center in Queens, to save more
than $65,000 a year. Small businesses are likewise making every penny count. A carpet store in Rockland County will save more than $4,000 a year because of lighting upgrades.
We also address customer needs by integrating renewables into our energy delivery systems. Interest in solar-powered generation continues to grow. Customers installed nearly 3,000 new solar systems in 2014—more than all the solar projects in the company’s entire history. We now support about 85 megawatts of solar generation from Orange County to Staten Island. Our job is to help homeowners and businesses harness the power of the sun by making the connection process as easy as possible, to be there for those customers when they need us, and to maximize the benefits to the electric grid.
Through combined heat and power projects, we have connected more than 180 megawatts of other distributed electric generation to the grid. Going forward, we will seek to integrate more electricity from customers via battery storage, microgrids, and community solar projects.
By integrating energy efficiency and other techniques that help customers manage their energy con- sumption, as well as using power generated by customers, we are meeting our commitment to prepare for expected growth in Brooklyn and Queens. Ultimately, the goal is to defer the construction of
a $1 billion substation. A similar approach is under consideration to defer construction of a $56 million substation in Rockland County’s Pomona area. That plan would incorporate smart meters, which give customers real-time information about their energy use and allow us to improve service.
These projects benefit our customers as well as the region’s air quality. We can delay, and may even eliminate, the need for significant infrastructure investments—costs that would be borne by customers. This new model dovetails with a
new state-wide regulatory proceeding aimed at reforming New York’s energy vision.

            SOLAR PANELS AT OUR HEADQUARTERS GIVE US GREATER INSIGHTS INTO OUR CUSTOMERS’ EXPERIENCE WITH RENEWABLES.
           2014 HIGHLIGHTS
 CON EDISON OF NEW YORK
ELECTRIC OPERATIONS
 CON EDISON OF NEW YORK
GAS OPERATIONS
 CON EDISON OF NEW YORK
STEAM OPERATIONS
 Won PA Consulting Group’s Outstanding System-wide Reliability and the Northeast Region Reliability awards.
Achieved best safety record in past 10 years, with a 75% reduction in high hazard injuries.
Embarked on the Demand Management Program, a $285 million program for 125 megawatts of energy efficiency, demand response, and combined heat and power to address the possible closure of the Indian Point Energy Center.
Avoided 43,000 customer interruptions because of continued investments to make energy-delivery systems more resilient.
Completed transition to new work management system to streamline forecasting, planning, scheduling, and executing work processes and organizational structure.
      Invested over $507 million to strengthen and expand infrastructure.
Converted nearly 1,500 large New York City buildings from oil to gas and more than 2,000 other new business services installed.
Replaced more than 4,700 services and nearly 65 miles of main.
Installed six multistage gas regulator stations and over 108,000 feet of gas main to strengthen distribution system and allow for gas conversions.
Set highest daily distribution load delivery record of more than 1.114 million dekatherms on January 8, 2014.
      Connected 14 new customers, including the tallest residential building in the western hemisphere.
Lowered customer bills by up to 12 percent.
Consolidated database systems to enhance emergency response and customer service.
Continued to enhance reliability and safety with new underground water-level detection devices.
Completed installation of new ultra-low NOx burners at 60th Street Generating Station, reducing emissions.
     
 STRENGTHENING THE BACKBONE OF OUR BUSINESS
The integrity of the grid is the backbone of our business. As we prepare for this new energy landscape, we must continue to appreciate the value of our extensive energy infrastructure. Our core infrastructure is essential for distributed resources and grid modernization. In 2014, we invested $2.3 billion to keep our electric, gas, and steam systems reliable, resilient, and secure. This year, we are increasing capital spending for our regulated utilities by 18 percent. Part of the additional funding is to help protect our energy systems against storms. The increase is allowing us to accelerate our gas main replacement efforts as well.
Last year, an explosion involving natural gas leveled two buildings in East Harlem and eight lives were tragically lost. While the cause of the event remains under federal investigation, we are doing everything possible to prevent something like this from happening again. We have increased gas safety patrols to help identify leaks sooner and prevent accidents. To better educate the public about
gas leaks, Con Edison has created an online gas map and enhanced communications in print and digital media about the importance of reporting the smell of gas. We are determined to emerge smarter and safer.
The safety of our communities, our people, and our systems must guide our operations. We’re now
more than halfway through our four-year $1 billion plan to fortify our energy infrastructure against changing weather patterns. Keeping our experiences with violent storms in mind, we continue to install devices to reduce outages on our overhead electric distribution system, and to add submersible equipment and devices designed to flood-proof substations, and gas and steam systems. These improvements have already prevented tens of thousands of outages. Storm-recovery strategies and analytical tools are advancing as well. New data sources and technology will help speed the restoration process. At the same time, we offer municipal leaders online dashboards for vital storm-related information and assign staff to work side by side with municipalities through the restoration process.
Reducing risks in all aspects of our business is critical. Among the modern-day realities we must address are the risks of cyber and physical attacks. Today, no corporation, no industry, is safe from an attack. The utility industry is at the vanguard of cyber security. At Con Edison, we know we must remain flexible, consider multiple mechanisms of defense, and not rely on standards alone to set the bar. To lessen the likelihood or impact of an attack, we
are steadfast about investigating security risks and investing in new technologies, educating our people, and establishing and practicing contingency plans.
ORANGE AND ROCKLAND UTILITIES
Completed $16.2 million substation to improve electric reliability in Orange County.
Constructed $24 million transmission line to enhance electric service reliability and delivery capacity to Orange and Rockland communities.
Achieved best yet safety record in the company’s history.
Replaced 90,000 feet of gas main to enhance safety and reliability.
Improved outage map to include storm information for every municipality served.
CON EDISON SOLUTIONS
Renewed Cape Light Compact contract for residential electricity supply on Cape Cod and Martha’s Vineyard in Massachusetts for three years.
Awarded $12 million and $15.7 million Energy Savings Performance contracts for William Paterson University and Brevard County, Florida, respectively.
Entered $3.5 million contract with Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland.
Installed 633 kilowatts of solar power on four buildings at Newark Liberty International Airport.
Began providing additional demand response services for Rudin Management, Fisher Brothers, Monday Properties, CBRE, and Jones Lang LaSalle.
CON EDISON DEVELOPMENT AND CON EDISON ENERGY
Completed five renewable projects in 2014, totaling 247 megawatts DC, bringing the total capacity of renewable projects
to 567.5 megawatts DC.
Ranked sixth in the top solar project owners in North America.
Acquired 50 percent interest in first wind project, Broken Bow II in Nebraska.

 8
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2014
KEEPING OUR COMPANY SUSTAINABLE, DELIVERING SHAREHOLDER VALUE
Our charge is to keep the business sustainable and deliver value to you, our shareholders. We succeed by adapting to change and growing our business to deliver the services our customers want. We are keeping our business flexible by targeting neighborhoods for oil-to-gas conversions, increasing our electric transmission capacity for future needs, and expanding our renewables portfolio nationwide. Together, these actions put us firmly on the path to a solid, profitable, and sustainable business model.
In response to low gas prices, many building owners have switched to natural gas. Last year, we saw a 15 percent increase in the number of large buildings that converted from oil to gas in the city. Across our entire service territory, we expect peak demand for our gas business to grow 2.5 percent annually over the next five years as more buildings convert to natural gas.
Our customers’ long-term electric needs also drive our plans. Through 2019, we forecast an increase in peak electric use of approximately 1 percent a year. We have embarked on several electric transmission projects so that our customers can depend on us
for years to come. We’ve designed a series of upgrades that will make it easier to deliver electricity from existing power plants in upstate New York
to customers in the lower Hudson Valley. Another transmission project will increase the availability of electricity from existing power plants in Staten Island.
Our Competitive Energy Businesses are responding to the nation’s changing power needs. They are investing in opportunities to transform the energy landscape from coast to coast, and are meeting the country’s demand for cleaner electric generation. Con Edison Development is the sixth-largest
solar owner in the country. Last year, we added solar farms in California, Nevada, and Texas. Wind power is the newest renewable in our portfolio. In 2014, we entered the market with wind projects in Ohio, Nebraska, and South Dakota.
At the same time, we are protecting our own back- yard. Since 2005, we’ve reduced our carbon footprint by approximately 45 percent. Our commitment
to the environment extends to recycling more than 90 percent of our non-hazardous waste, conserving water, limiting our impact to waterways, and preserving fragile wetland ecosystems.

 COMMITTING TO OUR PEOPLE AND COMMUNITIES
Everything we accomplish and all our successes are a reflection of the remarkable women and men of Con Edison. They come from a long line of innovators who helped make New York the place it is today. With dedication and determination,
our women and men pursue ways to work smarter and safer, and uphold our stellar reliability record. We have a proud tradition of professionally developing our workforce to continuously improve. To achieve the best possible results, we work hard to fill our ranks with people of different backgrounds and experiences. We draw on that diversity to consider every point of view.
The company continues to foster our broader communities by contributing to hundreds of local nonprofits that focus on education, the arts, the environment, civics, and community. We go
further by volunteering, serving on boards, and offering in-kind contributions and professional development. Our job shadowing program gives students a look inside our company and the energy industry. To help develop the next generation, teens are paired with engineers and splicers, architects and accountants, and lawyers and linemen. Participants gain first-hand experience in a wide variety of jobs at Con Edison.
OUR VOLUNTEERS GIVE THEIR TIME TO OUR NONPROFIT PARTNERS DEDICATED
TO MENTORING CHILDREN, PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT, AND STRENGTHENING OUR COMMUNITIES.
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2014 9

          THE POWER OF GIVING
 New York Immigration Coalition
Con Edison and the New York Immigration Coalition share a commitment to build civic engage- ment beyond the voting cycle. Our support has helped to strengthen and grow the coalition’s voter empowerment work as well as establish a permanent multi-ethic Civic Engagement Collaborative. The coalition—an umbrella organi- zation of nearly 200 groups from across the state—is working
to mobilize new American voters.
 STEPPING FORWARD
We must continue to evolve and innovate. Our region deserves no less than the most reliable service and the most hopeful future. That monumental responsibility belongs to all of us at Con Edison. We bring tremendous talent and dedication
to designing and operating some of the most complex energy systems in the world. Keeping the lights on, the heat flowing, and our operations primed for
the future enables our neighborhoods to thrive. All of us will continue to work our hardest to deliver value to our customers, shareholders, and fellow employees.
By carefully managing costs and working smartly, we were again able to increase your annual dividend for the 41st consecutive year to $2.60 per share, an 8-cent increase. We are the only utility in the S&P 500 with 30 or more consecutive years of dividend increases.
Moving forward, we will continue to work with our regulators to develop a fair and reasonable rate structure that benefits all customers, supports customer choice, recognizes the value of the grid, and allows for solid returns. I pledge to you that we are determined and ready to lead our industry.
In everything we do, we are committed to keeping our focus on our customers’ priorities, the fundamentals of our business, and preparing for the road ahead. They are fundamental parts of a whole, where everything matters. Thank you for your confidence and support.
John McAvoy
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 East Harlem Tutorial Program
The East Harlem Tutorial Program offers neighborhood students academic and enrichment programs, as well as counseling and resources to their families. With our support, middle and high school students attend after-school and summer programs focusing on science, technology, engineer- ing and mathematics (STEM).
  Hudson River Museum
The Hudson River Museum examines the art, history, and science of its surrounding region. We support the museum’s junior docent program and School’s Out, Stars Are In activities for children on school breaks. The docent program gives high school students from Yonkers a chance to lead tours and science and art projects, and develop leadership, public- speaking, and interpersonal skills.
 Museum Village
Museum Village was the vision
of Roscoe William Smith, founder of the Orange and Rockland Electric Company. An avid collector of Americana, his interests varied from textiles to horse-drawn carriages to mechanical devices. The O&R Energy Building exhibits artifacts that demonstrate how Americans transitioned from an agricultural society to one driven by the evolution of technology.
    NYU Polytech
Through NYU Polytech’s Science of Smart Cities summer program, middle school students get
an introduction to how science, engineering, and technology make cities more livable, efficient, sustainable, and safer. Students create their own sustainable model city and present their findings as a final project. The program was developed and
is taught by NYU Polytech engineering students.
 10 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2014
      