 The Power Behind Everything You Do
  To Our Shareholders:
Kevin Burke
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
2006, the first full year in which I had the privilege of leading the company, was filled with encouraging developments as well as challenges.
We remain the most reliable electric utility in the
United States. For the third straight year, we reported the lowest injury rate among employees in our history. We delivered solid results to investors. With strength
in our competitive businesses offsetting disappointing financial performance in the core energy delivery business, net income rose to $737 million, or $2.96 per share. In January 2007, we increased the annualized dividend for the 33rd straight year, to $2.32.
CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 

 But our performance in 2006 was not uniformly satisfactory to us, and certainly not to a number of our customers. Last year, severe storms caused outages in Con Edison of New York’s overhead system in Westchester County. In July, a sustained heat wave, high customer demand, and an extraordinary series of events led to outages in northwest Queens. During these events, we clearly did not meet our customers’ high expectations, or the high expectations we set for ourselves.
After restoring power in the Long Island City network, we devoted significant time and resources to identify precisely what happened and find solutions to help reduce the likelihood of a recurrence. In 2006, we invested approximately $35 million in the area to replace network trans- formers and service boxes and install cable and new conduit systems.
Most importantly, after analyzing the event in great detail, we are applying what we learned to improve reliability throughout the
system. We’ve upgraded the information systems linking our customers and our operations staff, and we are developing a map- based graphics tool that will provide more specific data on locations of reported electrical problems. We will make additional investments in our infrastructure in 2007 to improve the design of station breakers, install computer-based relays at substations, and accelerate the replacement of heat-sensitive cable connections.
A Thriving Region
People continue to come to New York seeking the region’s unique educational and employment opportunities, cultural experiences, and lifestyles. A record 44 million tourists visited New York City in 2006. From the subways to the top floors of office buildings, Con Edison provides the power that moves people, goods, information, and services. Every year, more and more electrically operated equipment is becoming integral to our lives. Reliable supplies of energy are needed to heat and cool homes, to power computers, refrigerators, and flat-screen TVs, and to charge iPods and cell phones.
 Financial Highlights
 (in millions, except per-share information and statistical data)
Operating revenues
Income from continuing operations
Earnings per share from continuing operations
Dividends per share Dividend payout ratio
Average common shares outstanding
Total assets
Capital expenditures
Common equity ratio
Market capitalization
Stock price per share – year end
Return on equity
Total shareholder return Dividend yield – year end
2006 $12,137
$738
$2.96 $2.30 78%
249.3
$26,699 $1,898 48.5% $12,376
$48.07 9.8% 9.1% 4.8%
2005 $11,641
$732
$3.00 $2.28 76%
243.9
$24,848 $1,647 49.0% $11,364
$46.33 10% 11.4% 4.9%
  2 CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

 So it’s no surprise that our customers are setting new records for energy use. Between 1995 and 2005, Con Edison’s system-wide electricity usage rose almost three times as fast as the population grew. Last summer, Con Edison of New York experienced two of its highest days of peak electricity use. In 2006, Orange and Rockland Utilities (O&R) experienced its three highest days of peak demand.
We expect these trends to continue. A New York City Department
of Planning report published last December estimated that the city’s population will experience significant growth by 2030, generating new jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity. Such dramatic growth brings benefits and challenges, most notably the need to build new homes, transportation infrastructure, and energy systems. New York City is meeting this challenge head-on by developing an action plan for a sustainable future. Con Edison will play a key role in realizing that plan by investing to keep the area’s energy transmission and distribution systems strong and reliable.
Growth is similarly transforming the broader metropolitan area.
A growing number of professional, scientific, and information technology businesses helped create a solid and diversified economy in Westchester County. We are building our infrastructure and making long-term plans so that we can remain a reliable partner for growth. O&R is supporting New Jersey’s Smart Growth initiatives, which balance the creation of new homes and jobs with the preservation
of open space and environmental resources.
Energy Efficiency
As concern about energy availability and prices grows, consumers — large and small, business and residential — are focusing on the intelligent use of energy. In many ways, the New York City region is already comparatively energy efficient. Many people rely on mass transit to commute to jobs, work in high-rise office buildings, and live in apartments. But there is still much room for improvement.
 2006 Highlights
Con Edison of New York Electric Operations
• Invested over $885 million to strengthen and expand electric transmission and distribution systems.
• Invested more than $402 million on transmission and area substations.
• Started construction of three new sub- stations – one in Westchester County and two in Manhattan.
• Installed new transformers at substations in Queens and Westchester County in preparation for summer.
• Installed 153 miles of underground and aerial cable and approximately 15 miles of high-voltage transmission cable in preparation for summer.
Con Edison of New York Gas Operations
• Invested over $185 million to strengthen and expand the gas-distribution system.
• Firm gas-delivery volumes rose by 1.3%
on a weather-normalized basis over 2005.
• Set new daily delivery record of 1,198,953
dekatherms on March 3, 2006.
• Installed 3,000 new gas services and
42,000 feet of gas mains.
• Filed a proposal for a three-year rate plan
on November 2, 2006.
Con Edison of New York Steam Operations
• Invested over $118 million to strengthen generation and distribution systems.
• New two-year rate plan approved on
September 22, 2006.
• Won two top awards from the International
District Energy Association.
• Added approximately three million square
feet in new accounts to system.
Orange and Rockland Utilities
• Completed installation of 20 miles of new electric transmission lines and commissioned new Westtown area distribution substation.
• Set new record for peak customer electric demand — 1,617 megawatts —
on August 2, 2006.
• Installed new distribution transformers in Ramapo and Middletown substations.
• Received approval on a new, three-year gas rate case effective November 1, 2006.
• Put more than seven miles of new gas- transmission pipeline in service in Orange County.
  CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 3

    Investing In Our Infrastructure
In 2006, Con Edison of New York and Orange and Rockland Utilities spent $1.9 billion, and plans to invest approximately $6 billion between 2007 and 2009. Our investments in critical energy infrastructure will help maintain high levels of reliability and meet the growing energy demands of our customers.
 Consolidated Edison, Inc.
Capital Program Forecast 2007-2009 ($ in millions)
Con Edison of New York
Orange and Rockland Utilities
*Estimate
2007* 2008*
$1,870 $1,911 $125 $127
2009*
$1,790 $125

CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
(Opposite page, l-r) Frank Mancini, general utility worker, and Nick Fresella, mechanic A, reinforce pipelines.
Last year, we strengthened our demand side management programs to help customers reduce electricity use and achieve energy savings while simultaneously slowing peak demand growth. In an effort to meet a target contracted demand reduction of 675 megawatts, we are working with customers to install energy-efficient lighting, programmable thermostats for air conditioners, refrigeration, motors, and clean distributed generation.
Investing to Meet Customer Needs
Con Edison must respond continually to changing patterns of energy consumption. Residential and commercial development in our service area is characterized by adaptive and imaginative re-use. For example, new affordable housing developments are now rising on formerly vacant lots in Harlem. A $4 billion residential-commercial-entertainment complex is scheduled to be built on rail yards in Brooklyn. In suburban Westchester County, two 40-story, mixed-use buildings — Trump Tower and the Ritz Carlton Westchester — are under construction. And, residential communities, such as the Harbors at Haverstraw, are reshaping the Hudson River shoreline in Rockland County.
As districts are rezoned and new developments arise, the growth in energy demand continuously shifts. New building projects, including the Gateway Mall and the Harbour Point residential development, are transforming the Bronx. The demand for energy in this area, which has grown steadily in the past five years, is expected to continue increasing. For this reason, we began building a new switching station and a new area substation in 2005, both of which will be in service for summer 2007.
Our job is to make sure that our infrastructure can meet the rising demand for energy. Each year we make significant investments in our energy transmission and distribution systems. Last year, Con Edison invested $1.9 billion in its infrastructure.
At Con Edison of New York, we made progress on several important projects in 2006. Work continued on substations in Westchester County, the Bronx, and Manhattan, which will meet the growing demand of

 CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 

     (Top left) Rintu Johnson, electric operating supervisor. (Top right) Jim Heimbuecher, electrician, first class at O&R. (Bottom left) Frank Mancini, general utility worker. (Bottom right) Hugh A. Brown, administrator, steam operations.
6 CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

 developing neighborhoods. We also installed new transformers at
two substations in Queens and another in Westchester County, established new residential gas services, and reinforced pipelines in our gas-transmission system to improve reliability and allow for greater supply diversity.
Economic growth is also spurring increased demand for energy at O&R. Last year, O&R invested almost $98 million to upgrade, reinforce, and expand its electric and gas transmission and distribution systems. O&R installed over 20 miles of new electric transmission lines and seven miles of new gas transmission lines, and upgraded or built three distribution stations in Orange County.
Our investment in our employees continues. In 2006, we hired and trained 1,300 new employees. And last year, roughly 87 percent of our workforce attended courses at The Learning Center. Our highly skilled employees are justly proud of the critical role they play in delivering energy reliably. We support their efforts by maintaining an environment in which they can continue growing personally and professionally.
Protecting the Environment
Protecting the environment has long been a top priority for
Con Edison. Our commitment isn’t just a matter of good corporate citizenship, it’s a matter of good business practice. We support
New York’s Renewable Portfolio Standard, which aims to increase the state’s percentage of renewable energy to 25 percent by 2013, as well as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a first step toward controlling emissions that contribute to global warming. Con Edison also has aggressive emissions-control programs. Since 2004, the company reduced its greenhouse gas emissions by approximately
20 percent when measured as carbon dioxide.
Our steam system, the largest in the country, helps supply the energy our customers need while providing significant environmental benefits. The 625,000 tons of steam air conditioning produced each summer
 Competitive Energy Businesses Accomplishments
Con Edison Solutions
• Reached the highest level of commodity sales in its history.
• Entered seven new commodity markets, bringing total to 29 in eight states and the District of Columbia.
• Is the ninth largest competitive commercial and industrial electric supplier to markets in the United States.
• Continued promotion of renewable energy — now providing 46,000 megawatt-hours of green power to 8,000 customers a year.
• Implemented new energy-reduction
initiative for midtown Manhattan, under
Con Edison of New York’s targeted load- reduction program. Signed Marriott Marquis Hotel in Times Square, United Parcel Service, and the Manhattan Plaza.
• Announced the purchase of green power by the Montessori School of Manhattan, the first purchase of 100% green power by
a private, primary school in New York City.
Con Edison Development and Con Edison Energy
• Actively participated in redesigning the New England and Pennsylvania-
New Jersey-Maryland regions’ wholesale electric market to promote investment in new power sources.
• Awarded contracts for over 3,000 megawatts of load by 12 utilities to supply the full service requirements of their customers.
• More than doubled wholesale load sales volumes.
• Negotiated Reliability Must Run contracts for three generating units in Massachusetts that established a floor for earnings.
• Upgraded the capability of generating units in New Jersey and Maryland.
• Continued reclaiming ash settling ponds
at West Springfield, Massachusetts, with environmentally safe materials, providing an opportunity for future development of the site.
• Established a joint venture to explore development of wind-energy projects in the Northeast.
  CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 7

  Committing To Communities
Con Edison has a long history of supporting the communities it serves. In 2006 we supported a wide range of organizations
that focus on education and the environment. Here are just a few highlights.
Saint Joseph’s College Student Awarded Scholarship
The 2006 Con Edison Math and Science Scholarship was awarded to Schaeffer Charles, a junior majoring in biology.
The program helps students from groups traditionally underrepresented in math and science pursue degrees in these vital fields.
Socrates Sculpture Park
Two Con Edison grants in 2006 contributed to this internationally renowned Long Island City outdoor museum, located on an
abandoned landfill. The “Puddles Project: Perceptions of Shoreline Climate Change” allowed students from PS 122Q to
participate in an innovative integration of arts and science. Students examined changing shorelines and their effect on global warming and rising ocean levels. A second grant contributed to the park’s 20-year anniversary.
   
CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
(Above) Con Edison Math and Science Scholarship winner Schaeffer Charles.
(Opposite Page I-r) Jack Devlin, mechanic A, and Luis Mendoza III, mechanic A, installing a high voltage bushing at the new Mott Haven switching station.
offsets 375 megawatts on the electric system. By implementing control technologies at existing steam generating facilities and constructing our new East River facility, we’ve reduced system-wide nitrogen oxide emission rates by about half over the last four years.
The broader, competitive marketplace continues to evolve to offer consumers more choice in buying energy and managing the way they use it. Through Con Edison of New York’s and O&R’s retail-choice programs, customers can purchase energy from service companies that offer electricity from alternative sources, such as wind or biomass. Con Edison Solutions (CES), one of our competitive energy businesses, has been a pioneer in helping customers manage energy use. In a national competition, CES was awarded a United States Postal Service contract to provide energy conservation opportunities under a Shared Energy Savings program for the New York region. Another of our competitive businesses, Con Edison Development, operates hydroelectric generating plants in New England.
Looking Ahead
Because our future is tied to the growth of the local economy, we are pleased with its continued expansion and the many forward-looking plans for development throughout the region. The remarkable renaissance of Lower Manhattan continues, with construction under way at the Freedom Tower, and a growing residential population transforming the area. Last fall, the New York Building Congress reported that construction spending in New York is expected to rise to
a record $21 billion in 2007. We anticipate that the peak demand for energy by Con Edison customers will rise 14 percent in the next 10 years. To meet the energy demands spurred by this growth, Con Edison will invest approximately $6 billion in its electric, gas, and steam systems over the next three years.
We are taking the lead in the United States in designing the next generation of energy-distribution systems, known as 3G System of the Future. The scarcity of available land in the metropolitan area presents a significant challenge to the company’s efforts to build the infrastructure that will enable us to meet rising customer use. Our goal is to build a more flexible and reliable system that employs smaller substations and

 CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 9

  A Focus On The Customer
Con Edison is committed to serving its customers. From education initiatives, to electronic payments, to providing multilingual information, we aim to provide nothing less than excellence in customer service.
 •
• •
Launched newly designed My Account and Customer Central Web sites that provide even more information and make transacting business easier and quicker.
Offered all customers the convenience of paying their bill with a credit or debit card.
Initiated e-mail campaign that delivers company news to almost 100,000 customers.
New Record For Electronic Payments
In 2006, Con Edison of New York processed more than 8.5 million electronic payments totaling more than $2.2 billion — a 15% increase over 2005. Electronic payments now account for 23% of Con Edison of New York’s annual revenues and enhance cash flow and reduce payment processing costs.
  Our Service Area
Con Edison provides a wide range of energy- related products and services through its five subsidiaries.
Con Edison of New York serves the five boroughs of New York City and parts of Westchester County, has more than
3.2 million electric customers, more than one million natural gas customers, and approximately 1,800 steam customers.
O&R delivers energy to customers in seven counties in New York State, northern
New Jersey, and the northeastern corner of Pennsylvania. The company serves almost 300,000 electric customers in all three states and more than 126,000 natural gas customers in New York and Pennsylvania.
Con Edison of New York and O&R employ more than 14,500 people.
Our three competitive energy businesses — Con Edison Energy, Con Edison Development, and Con Edison Solutions — provide services to retail and wholesale customers in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic states and Texas.
 0 CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
(Left) Diana Molina, chief construction inspector.

 gives us the ability to transfer power from one substation to another. Con Edison engineers are working with counterparts from such cities as Paris, London, Shanghai, and Tokyo, which face similar constraints.
Leaders in federal, state, and local governments are bringing new ideas and attention to the issues surrounding energy supply and efficiency, and environmental protection. We know an effective dialogue is key to the development of a sound public policy, and we look forward to continuing our longstanding objective of maintaining effective working relationships with all our stakeholders.
We demonstrated our commitment to providing customers with the reliable service they expect and deserve through a $7.2 billion capital investment in the last five years. Every day, my colleagues and I come to work intent on delivering energy to millions of customers safely and dependably, delivering opportunities to our employees, and delivering consistent returns to you, our shareholders.
I, and most of our employees, live in the communities we serve.
We know, firsthand, how crucial energy is to the quality of life in our service area. Con Edison delivers the energy that makes our vibrant, diverse region thrive.
We thank you for your support.
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
  CON EDISON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 
