  To Our Shareholders:
In 2010, the company maintained its leadership position in the industry by delivering energy safely and reliably in a year marked by turbulent weather. At the same time, we produced solid returns to our shareholders in an economy still trying to recover.
While many of our customers continued to feel the effects of a weakened economy, our region fared better than the nation. New York City has created jobs at twice the rate as the rest of the country, with more than 50,000 people working in new private-sector positions. Commercial vacancy rates are down, and home values are rebounding. A record-setting 48 million tourists visited New York City in 2010. We even saw a modest increase in new electric and gas business.
Last year’s weather was a study in extremes, from the heaviest snowfalls in February to the hottest summer on record. A fierce March nor’easter caused widespread flooding. From April through September, we saw 37 days when temperatures soared to 90 degrees or higher. In September, tornadoes, rare in our service area, struck communities in Brooklyn and Queens, bringing down power lines, and a year-ending blizzard dropped more than 20 inches of snow on the region.
Our ability to endure the challenges of 2010 is a testament to EnergyNY, our three-pronged plan that allows us to meet our customers’ energy needs efficiently. First, we commit to providing tools and programs to allow for the most efficient use of energy; second, we invest prudently in our capital plant; and third, we do it all with a steadfast commitment to the environment.
KEVIN BURKE
Chairman, President,
and Chief Executive Officer
  CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 1

   EnergyNY
Promoting Energy Efficiency
We offer customers a diverse portfolio of energy solutions, each with incentives and benefits, to make their homes and businesses more efficient. Our low- and no-cost energy audits identify ways to enhance heating, cooling, and lighting systems, while cash rebates and subsidies encourage users to invest in upgrades. We pay customers to turn in old, inefficient refrigerators and air conditioners, and then we recycle them for free.
Midtown Manhattan’s Crowne Plaza Hotel became the first big business to receive cash, for replacing 3,300 bulbs on its Times Square billboard with compact fluorescent bulbs. U-Haul netted $68,500 in rebates for retrofitting all the lighting at its Brooklyn facility. We expect the work to yield U-Haul an annual savings of nearly $120,000 in energy costs. After a free energy audit, an auto and tire shop in Middletown, New York, replaced all of its lighting, paying only 30 percent of the cost — we paid the remaining 70 percent. A pizzeria in Queens is benefiting from refrigeration and lighting upgrades. For less than a $700 investment, after cash incentives, the business expects to save almost $2,000 a year in energy costs. The programs are working. More than 40,000 homeowners and businesses — from as far north as Orange County to Staten Island — have taken advantage of our offerings.
A national leader in energy-efficiency services, Con Edison Solutions is expanding its reach to federal, state, and local government markets, with $70 million in projects in 2010. The breadth of Solutions’ business continues its steady growth as the company brings energy expertise to public school districts across the country.
Another aspect of our efficiency work involves asking customers for help during extreme conditions, such as last summer’s heat. Nearly 700 large commercial customers are paid to reduce their energy use on the hottest days. We have given more than 20,000 homeowners and small businesses free programmable thermostats for heating and cooling systems. We can control the thermostats as needed to reduce demand on our grid.
 2 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT

  Our energy-efficiency efforts have allowed the company to curb demand for more energy, a benefit to our customers and to the environment. The
work has also allowed us to defer capital investments by nearly $200 million.
EnergyNY
Investing Wisely in Energy Systems
EnergyNY guides the investments we make in our vast electric, gas, and steam infrastructure. The investments are vital to the company’s growth and complement our energy-efficiency work. We spend roughly $2 billion a year to maintain and upgrade our systems to keep energy flowing efficiently and reliably.
We finished building a 40,000-square-foot substation to make service in Queens more reliable. Expected to go on-line this year is another new substation that connects to a new 9.5-mile underground transmission line from Yonkers to serve customers in the Bronx and upper Manhattan. To improve service for customers in Rockland and Orange counties, we are building two substations and a transmission line.
The funds we are committing to develop a smart grid exemplify our strategic investments. We will be installing state-of-the-art control and monitoring equipment to make our electric operations more flexible and resilient. New underground switches will be controlled remotely, and each switch will have a sensor to transmit information about power levels back to our control centers. We also are evaluating 1,500 smart meters and 300 personal energy monitors in customer homes as part of our smart-grid pilot.
We continue to explore ways to bring more natural gas into the region. One solution involves building 17,000 feet of new transmission pipeline to expand the number of suppliers we can call on to meet our customers’ needs and help the region meet its clean energy goals.
(Top) Free energy audit identifies energy saving opportunities at a Brooklyn hair salon. (Bottom) Line constructors Chad Whitford and Andrew Golden replace a transformer.
   CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 3

   
 2010 HIGHLIGHTS
Con Edison of New York Electric Operations
• Invested $1.2 billion to upgrade and reinforce systems.
• Energized the 100th substation in our service area.
• Enhanced reliability in Brooklyn and Queens by creating two networks, the first time two networks were established simultaneously.
• Installed 1,300 miles of underground and 200 miles of overhead cable.
• Added or replaced more than 4,500 transformers.
• Won the 2010 Outstanding System-Wide Reliability Award.
• Introduced mobile-web access, energy calculators, and smartphone applications to help customers manage bills and energy use.
Con Edison of New York Gas Operations
• Invested approximately $300 million to strengthen and expand infrastructure.
• Reinforced and expanded transmission system in the Bronx.
• Installedover1,800newservicesandreplaced50milesofmains.
• Set second highest daily delivery record of 1.27 million dekatherms on January 3, 2010, and the second highest monthly delivery record of 34 million dekatherms in December 2010.
Con Edison of New York Steam Operations
• Invested more than $115 million to strengthen systems.
• Enhanced reliability and safety by installing water-level detection devices and new pumps.
• Connected seven new customers, including John Jay College and 400 Fifth Avenue.
• Worked with US Green Building Council to allow new steam customers to earn LEED recognition.
• Negotiated new ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager standards so customers can achieve ENERGY STAR certification.
Orange and Rockland Utilities
• Invested $136 million to strengthen and expand systems.
• Replaced 22 miles of gas mains.
• Built new gate station in Westtown, NY, and an 8-mile pipeline to improve service to Orange County.
• Energized new distribution substation in Fort Montgomery, NY.
• Formed team to attract data centers to spur economic growth in service area.
• Began $20 million smart-grid pilot in New Jersey.
• Set new records for employee safety and gas safety.
• Surpassed three-year energy-saving goal for NY residential gas-equipment rebate program.
(Clockwise from upper left ) André Gilyard, mechanic B, keeps gas systems safe in Queens. Marie Vaceannie, distribution splicer, works on the electric system. O&R line technician Mark Brennan restores service during a winter storm. Mechanics John Kelly and Dyan Joscher lift a manhole cover to work on the steam system. Con Edison volunteers join NYC CoolRoofs and coat the roof of the Bedford-Stuyvesant YMCA.
© 2010 Steve Mack for the YMCA
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 5
   
 COMPETITIVE ENERGY BUSINESSES
Con Edison Solutions
• Sold 16 million megawatt-hours of electricity, 25 percent more than 2009.
• Contracted with Cape Light Compact in Massachusetts for the sixth consecutive year to supply electricity to 150,000 customers and entered three-year agreement to serve Cape Cod municipalities.
• Expanded energy-efficiency services to US Postal Service facilities nationwide.
• Launched new solar power purchase offer with the completion of seven solar installations in Massachusetts.
• Entered a new market in Pennsylvania, resulting in 30,000 new customers.
Con Edison Energy and Con Edison Development
• Con Edison Development transitioned to a renewable-energy development company with more than 20 megawatts of solar projects.
• Completed the first gas-infrastructure investment by acquiring a gas-storage facility in New York State.
• ConEdisonEnergycompletedthefirst year of a long-term services contract to help the Long Island Power Authority manage its supply assets.
EnergyNY
Modeling and Promoting Green Behavior
EnergyNY guides our commitment to a more sustainable future.
A cornerstone of our efforts is providing cleaner energy choices for our customers. Our subsidiary, Con Edison Development, broke ground on what will be the largest solar farm in the Northeast. Located in southern New Jersey, the project will produce 15 to 20 megawatts of electric power and is scheduled to go into operation in 2011.
Con Edison Solutions provides competitive and cost-effective renewable energy to regional and national customers. A major restaurant consortium, which includes 11 of the most popular eating establishments in New York, is now buying renewable power through Solutions. In Massachusetts, Solutions completed seven new solar installations to offer green energy to customers on Cape Cod.
We have steadily refined our own business practices to meet sound environmental standards. Last year, the company recycled 90 percent of its waste materials. Our many recycling and recovery programs include one where we sell or donate old electronic equipment to schools and other organizations in need.
We are continually greening our offices. A major facility in Spring Valley, New York underwent a comprehensive energy-efficiency overhaul. The work included a new data center and air-conditioning system, new windows and siding, and a new high-efficiency building envelope. By buying energy-saving computers, monitors, and cooling systems, along with new server technology, we are reducing our energy use. We added more hybrids and compressed natural gas vehicles to the company’s fleet. Now half of our fleet runs on alternative fuel.
                       The newly launched Green Team campaign promotes our new energy-efficiency programs.
6 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT

 To seal street openings, we are using Green Patch, a new paving product made from recycled material. Unlike asphalt, the new material contains no petroleum. In Greenwood Lake, Orange County, we are working with the village to test energy-saving LED street lamps.
We are the leading sponsor of NYC CoolRoofs, an initiative that coated
a million square feet of rooftops, including nonprofits, city agencies, and privately-owned buildings. We did our part by cooling roofs at 37 Con Edison facilities. Through employee volunteers and company funding, two major YMCA facilities are benefiting from cooler roofs. When the heat rises, the new coating reduces the temperatures inside the building and on the roof, improving air quality, and extending the life of the roof and the building’s air-conditioning equipment.
In Westchester County, we are working with the Westchester Green Business Challenge, a program that encourages companies to reduce their carbon footprint by greening internal operations and rethinking the way they use energy. We support Keep Rockland Beautiful, an organization committed
to creating healthier, safer, and more livable communities.
Con Edison engages customers in energy conservation and efficiency through its Power of Green website, educational campaigns, e-mail blasts, free smartphone applications, and a Facebook page. Newly launched energy calculators are helping customers estimate their energy use and guide new purchasing decisions. A new Green Team campaign informs customers about the company’s energy-efficiency programs.
All of our hard work on the environmental front has not gone unnoticed.
In Newsweek’s annual rankings, Con Edison achieved the second highest green score among utilities. Results were based on companies’ policies, environmental impact, and reputation. The Carbon Disclosure Project recently named Con Edison first in its Leadership Index of S&P 500 companies and first among utilities in the new Carbon Performance Leadership Index. We are also listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index.
Jesse Levy, supervisor, promotes our energy-efficiency cash rebates and incentives in an e-mail blast.
  John Adorno, distribution splicer, and Russel Williams, distribution mechanic, upgrading service.
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 7
 
 THE POWER OF GIVING
The Lower East Side Ecology Center
Since 2003, we have supported the center’s Electronic Waste Recycling Program — the longest-running e-waste recycling program in NYC.
Solar One
We provide funding for Solar One’s Green Career Job-Training program and their Green Design Lab, a curriculum that shows 6th to 12th graders how to green their schools.
NewYork Botanical Garden
For the past 30 years, we have supported The New York Botanical Garden’s Greening the Garden program. The garden serves as a center for conservation and public education, and provides 375,000 children, parents, and teachers with quality educational resources.
The PublicTheater
Our contributions to The Public Theater help the organization make theater accessible and relevant through productions of new plays and musicals, and stagings of the classics.
Prospect Park Alliance
In partnership with NYC, the alliance operates Prospect Park, cares for the natural environment, and offers public programs with Con Edison’s support.
Hackensack Riverkeeper, Inc.
For the second year in a row, we sponsored the Annual Reservoir Challenge — an event that raises funds for Hackensack Riverkeeper programs that protect the ecosystem of the river’s watershed.
EnergyNY
Moving Forward
As the new decade begins, I remain confident in our ability to continue to provide first-rate service to our customers. Our dedicated workforce of 15,000 demonstrates the highest level of professionalism every day. The men and women of Con Edison consistently garner top industry recognition for their innovation and ideas, and for providing the most reliable service in the nation.
Our industry will continue to change and we will work to adapt to future energy needs. We will be prepared to give our customers the energy they need for their lifestyles and livelihoods, in the most efficient and cost-effective way possible. Looking forward, EnergyNY will steer our planning, with a comprehensive 20-year look at electric, gas, and steam services that will help us make prudent decisions in our operating and capital spending.
We remain focused on our mission — providing safe, reliable, and sustainable power to our customers, while at the same time delivering shareholder value. We have increased our dividend for 37 consecutive years, raising it in January 2011 to a $2.40 per share annual rate.
The experiences of 2010 strengthened our resolve and helped prepare us for the coming years so that we remain in a position to best serve our customers and our shareholders. We thank you for your support.
KEVIN BURKE
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
    Sarah Phelan and Jessica Barcco, management associates, plant trees for the New York Restoration Project, made possible by donations we make when customers sign up for e*bill.
8 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT
