 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
A Year of Challenge As New York State’s largest energy distributor, your company faced many new challenges in 2001 and met them with strength and success. Con Edison of New York and Orange and Rockland Utilities, our two regulated utility companies, served 9.5 million New Yorkers, about half the state’s population, and delivered 43% of all electric energy consumed in New York State. Over the past year, we continued substantial investment in our electric, gas, and steam energy infrastructure. Recent events have shown just how vital that infra- structure is to the economy of our entire nation.
In tumultuous times for the energy industry and our country, Con Edison’s focus on its core energy transmission and delivery business has protected our shareholders’ interests. The price of our common stock rose 4.8% in 2001. Total return to share- holders, including reinvestment of dividends, was 11%. This performance is particularly notable by comparison with declines in 2001 in major market indices. Despite the difficult economic environment, we earned a solid $3.22 a share. We maintained the strength of our balance sheet, along with our very good credit ratings.
We recognize the importance of the dividend to our shareholders and increased the dividend in 2001 for the 27th consecutive year, a record shared by few in our industry. In January 2002, we increased the dividend again, to an annualized $2.22 a share, reflecting our confidence in the future of Con Edison.
On September 11, our company, our city, and our nation were confronted with an unprecedented challenge. As a vital participant in the life of New York City, Con Edison was on the front lines, active in the emergency response to this crisis. In the days that followed, our hard-working men and women accomplished a truly extraordinary feat by restoring the critical energy services needed to help the city begin its recovery.
Within eight days of the attack, virtually all
customers in lower Manhattan had electric, gas, and steam service available. In view of the damage inflicted on the energy delivery systems, this achievement is a testament to the initiative, skill, and dedication of Con Edison emergency teams and the many others throughout the company who provided support. The Edison Electric Institute, an association of United States investor-owned electric utilities with affiliates and associates worldwide, recognized Con Edison’s accomplish- ment with its highest honor, the Edison Award.
Field crews continue working on permanent repairs. Two substations that were destroyed must be rebuilt. The first is scheduled for completion by the summer of 2002, the second in 2003. Additional rebuilding includes installing more than 130 miles of cable and associated support structures in the dense, narrow streets of downtown Manhattan. We’ve made excellent progress on this work. The energy delivery systems will be ready for the summer of 2002.
Meeting New York’s Energy Needs Though the events of September 11 overshadowed the year’s developments, other major challenges were success- fully met during 2001. In August, the Northeast was subjected to an intense weeklong heat storm. On August 9, Con Edison of New York set a new record for electric demand, when peak load reached 12,207 megawatts. That same day, gas operations set a daily delivery record of 1,077,858 dekatherms. Orange and Rockland Utilities also experienced a historic electric peak of 1,340 megawatts. Our systems and the people who operate them performed very well in response to record demand. Customers received reliable service that kept their homes and businesses supplied with power and helped them cope with the heat.
All businesses, from multinational securities firms to the corner grocery, are expanding their use of digital processing to track their sales, manage
CON EDISON SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2001 3

 inventory, execute transactions, and handle day- to-day operations. Many of the advances being made today in research and engineering are making computerized information management systems more useful in daily living and business pursuits. A reliable supply of energy is essential for both homes and commercial facilities, and meeting this need represents a source of continuing growth for Con Edison.
Although the nation and the region are experi- encing an economic slowdown, the New York
Manhattan Electric Operations control room facility incorporates state-of- the-art system monitoring and management technology.
metropolitan area retains its core strength. It remains the center of major industries, such as finance, media, advertising, insurance, real estate, pharmaceuticals, and medical research. The most recent census confirms that the population of New York City has increased to more than eight million people, an expansion that drives development of new housing, stimulates more business, and enhances commercial activity and new job crea- tion, all of which contribute to a sound economic base. For more than 175 years, Con Edison has been a vital part of the metropolitan area. As the need for energy has increased in New York City and the rest of our service area, your company has
kept pace and is strongly positioned for growth as the economy recovers.
Investing in Our Future An important factor in the ability of our energy delivery systems to meet the challenge of sustained growth is our ongoing program of capital investment in electric, gas, and steam infrastructures. More than $700 million was spent on improvements in 2001. Over the next five years, Con Edison of New York expects to invest $4.3 billion on electric, gas, and steam delivery systems. With new technologies being applied to monitoring and control systems, our state-of-the-art equipment provides an in-depth real-time picture of network performance that helps improve operational reliability and efficiency.
In 2001, we completed the sale of the Indian Point nuclear plant facilities for more than $500 million. To help ensure an adequate energy supply for our customers, we negotiated an arrangement to acquire the electric output of this facility through 2004.
As part of our effort to secure adequate electricity supplies for summer peak demand until new gen- eration is built, we are repowering our East River Station using new state-of-the-art turbines. These new units will allow Con Edison to generate steam more efficiently and will provide needed electric energy year-round.
Ongoing capital improvements – and the steadfast dedication of our workforce – help us keep Con Edison of New York’s system reliability the nation’s best. This investment is one part of our corporate strategy to grow our core business. As the need for energy climbs, Con Edison will continue to make investments in infrastructure and technology to meet customer needs.
Providing Industry Leadership In 2001, extraordi- nary interest was focused on the energy industry nationwide. The year began with events in California that burdened the state’s economy and strained available energy supplies in the West. Sharp increases in the cost of electric supply led to the bankruptcy of one of the West Coast’s largest pub- lic utilities and left another teetering on the brink.
  CON EDISON SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2001 4

 By the end of the year, the country’s largest energy trading firm had also collapsed. These events have once again called public attention to the role of energy policy and business practices in an increasingly competitive global economy.
Utility customers in New York State can purchase electric energy and natural gas from independent energy services companies. This promotes retail and wholesale competition among energy suppliers, which will ultimately benefit businesses and con- sumers. Con Edison has taken a leadership position in working with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the New York State Public Service Commission, the New York Independent System Operator, and other policymakers and market participants to ensure that energy supplies are adequate to meet our peak summer loads and that the transition to fully competitive energy markets goes forward in an effective and measured way. We also work closely with our customers to pro- vide the information that can help them to make informed energy choices.
Building a Presence in Competitive Markets
Con Edison’s four unregulated companies are on track to develop and grow in a spectrum of markets. Con Edison Communications continues to build out its fiber-optic network in New York City and has completed service facilities for more than 60 buildings. The company has established long- term agreements with major facility owners and property management firms to provide backup
Today’s power-intensive businesses require reliable sources of energy.
broadband infrastructure, as businesses seek to bolster their communications capability in light of September 11.
Con Edison Solutions provides a wide range of energy procurement and management services to companies and individuals, helping its customers successfully navigate the new competitive energy landscape.
Con Edison Development acquires, develops, owns, and operates electric generation plants in several mid-Atlantic and New England states, where demand for electric energy continues to increase.
Con Edison Energy has access to the output from these and other generating plants. It offers energy, capacity, and risk-management services to wholesale customers in the Northeast.
Our competitive business units leverage the strengths of Con Edison to build profitable growth in their respective markets. As the communications and energy industries evolve, these companies are well positioned to satisfy customer demand for innovative services and business solutions.
Meeting Every Challenge Con Edison excels at our core “wires and pipes” business. With our solid credit ratings, strong capital structure, and steady growth in dividends, we are pursuing a corporate strategy that combines our financial strength with our experience in energy markets. We look forward to pursuing opportunities in the regulated sector through enhancement of our delivery systems to meet growing energy demand and through con- tinuing improvements in operating efficiency. We continue to apply our expertise in energy supply, energy services, and infrastructure systems to maximize the potential of our non-utility companies in competitive markets.
Our distinguished Board members, who contribute their judgment and insights to the management of the company, were joined in September of 2001 by Vincent Calarco, Chairman of the Board of Crompton Corporation, a global producer and mar- keter of specialty chemicals, and polymer products and equipment. Mr. Calarco’s experience in the business community and his financial expertise make him a valuable addition to our Board.
  CON EDISON SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2001 5

  We are steadfast in our commitment to environ- mental excellence. Our environmental programs are recognized nationwide. Within the company, environment, health, and safety policies and principles are regarded with the same importance as operational and business matters. Every day, we work to safeguard the environment within our service area and to help protect the well-being of our customers and our employees.
In reflecting on the challenges of the past year, we have intensified our outreach in support of the people and communities we serve. Many of our men and women serve as volunteers in environmental programs, mentoring programs, and charitable organizations. Con Edison’s broad-based efforts within our service areas extend well beyond providing reliable energy.
Con Edison is also reaching out to the business community with strategies and programs that help spur local economic activity and drive mutually profitable growth. We offer incentives to stimulate start-up ventures in new media, recycling, food
processing, and biotechnology. We work with gov- ernment to help commercial customers take full advantage of programs designed to stimulate the local economy and help small businesses prosper. Few companies are better equipped for the task of helping our communities grow. Our roots run deep.Our14,000employeesliveandworkinand near the towns and neighborhoods we serve, enliven their communities, and give of themselves both as professionals and as caring individuals.
Con Edison will be there, as we have been for more than a century, meeting every challenge and delivering the energy that will help the region to thrive. And as we look to the future, a strong and resourceful Con Edison will keep working for shareholders, delivering value year after year, through changing markets and changing times.
Eugene R. McGrath
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
          CON EDISON SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2001 6
