                 KEVIN BURKE
Chairman, President,
and Chief Executive Officer
To our shareholders:
We are operating in challenging economic times. While the Federal Reserve has declared the recession technically over, unemployment in New York City is at a 17-year high, commercial vacancy rates are the steepest in a decade, and construction is at a standstill. Many of our customers struggled last year, and we expect 2010 to bring more of the same.
We will remain flexible with level-payment plans, agreements, and extensions to help customers still burdened by the weakened economy. For those hardest hit, we provide information about grants to help pay bills, and no-cost services to make homes more energy efficient.
The weakened economy and a mild summer had a demonstrable impact on energy demand in 2009: for the first time in 30 years, we saw our customers’ demand for electricity decline. Over the next five years, we are expecting slower growth in our customers’ need for energy, and have lowered our forecast for electricity demand to less than one percent annually.
Despite the current difficult economic climate, I am confident that the region will again return to prosperity. New York remains a city of superlatives – the largest regional economy in the nation, the second largest in the world after Tokyo, and an intellectual capital that continues to attract the best and the brightest. Financial services, health care, and tourism, plus a plethora of higher education institutions, form the backbone of the city’s economy. For visitors, New York has a magnetic appeal unrivaled by any other city. In fact, last year the city led the nation in tourism for the first time in two decades.
In 2010, our EnergyNY plan will again steer our efforts to provide world-class service to our customers through three core tenets: efficiency programs, smart capital spending, and environmental responsibility. In short, EnergyNY will continue to serve as our road map for keeping our region energized.
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 1

                2009 HIGHLIGHTS
Con Edison of New York Electric Operations
• Energized the new Astor substation,
adding more than 170 megawatts of
electricity for midtown Manhattan. • Invested more than $1.4 billion to
upgrade and reinforce systems.
• Installed approximately 2,500 miles of
cable — enough cable to extend
from New York City to Las Vegas.
• Installed more than 3,200 transformers. • Launched 18-month smart-grid pilot
program in Queens.
• Received 2009 Outstanding System-
Wide Reliability Award.
• Achieved best overhead system
reliability performance in 14 years.
Con Edison of New York Gas Operations
• Invested more than $300 million to strengthen and expand systems.
• Reinforced and expanded transmission system in the Bronx for better reliability and greater supply diversity.
• Set new daily delivery record of more than 1.3 million dekatherms on December 29, 2009, and new monthly delivery record of more than 34
million dekatherms in January 2009. • Installed 2,400 new services and
replaced more than 50 miles of mains.
(Left to right) Thomas Fayet, shift supervisor,
in the East River steam plant; outside plant mechanic A Joseph King installs a gas main in the Bronx; electrician chief Ralph Palmer makes a final connection to O&R’s transmission system; distribution splicer Nancy Giron works on the electric system in Manhattan.
EnergyNY
Efficiency:
A Company Mainstay
Con Edison has a long and proven commitment to helping customers use less energy through efficiency measures – a cornerstone of EnergyNY. In the coming years, energy efficiency will be an even greater part of our business model. Customers are benefitting by spending less on energy. Altogether, we expect our portfolio of offerings to save 400 megawatts of electricity over the next six years.
In 2009, we introduced a variety of programs that give residential, small business, and commercial and industrial customers tools and incentives they can use to better manage their energy use. We will launch additional energy-efficiency programs in 2010.
We are offering homeowners cash rebates for upgrading to high- efficiency air conditioners, heating systems, boilers, water heaters, Energy Star thermostats, and duct sealing. For small businesses, we are providing free energy audits and giving substantial rebates to those that make major upgrades. During the audits, we install free compact-fluorescent lights and water-heater thermostats.
We also have an efficiency program for apartments, condos, and co-ops; owners and renters receive incentives to replace or upgrade refrigerators and window air conditioners. We perform free surveys to evaluate individual units and common areas for lighting and cooling upgrades.
     2 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT

                In 2009, we replaced all the lighting at ABC Carpet’s 350,000 square feet of retail space in Union Square, helping them reduce their energy use by about 2.5 million kilowatt-hours a year. The improvements save ABC Carpet money and eliminate the need for an expensive new electric transformer in the neighborhood. New York University is benefitting from lighting and air-conditioning systems upgrades at 18 facilities, saving the university nearly 1 million kilowatt-hours annually.
Con Edison Solutions, our energy-service company, continues to work with federal and state governments on energy-efficiency projects. Recently signed contracts include those with the United States Coast Guard and the state of Delaware. We are installing a climate-control system at the Coast Guard’s Boston command base, resulting in a
75 percent savings in cooling costs.
Our efforts to educate customers about the benefits of conservation and energy efficiency are having a positive impact.
The company’s Power of Green campaign continues to inform people in our region and beyond about conserving energy. Our Power of Green Web pages are among our most popular Web destinations, educating nearly 100,000 visitors last year. The site features new video clips of workers sharing energy-saving ideas. A new mobile version of our Web site makes it easier for customers to use cell phones to find green news. Con Edison now has its own Power of Green Facebook page, which is promoted through Web-based educational campaigns, bill envelopes, press releases, and customer e-mails.
Con Edison of New York Steam Operations
• Invested almost $140 million to strengthen systems.
• Enhanced system reliability and safety through new efforts including remote monitoring to detect water infiltration and facilitate water removal.
• Signed 12 new customers including, New York Law School, the U.S. Mission to the United Nations, and the East River Science Park.
• Saved customers approximately $9.4 million in fuel costs through reduced steam variance.
• Received Energy Star award from the U.S. EPA and two International District Energy Association awards.
• Obtained approval from the Army Corps of Engineers for a disposal program
at 59th Street generating station,
saving customers $4.5 million.
Orange and Rockland Utilities
• Invested $133 million to strengthen and expand the electric and gas systems.
• Upgraded 28 miles of electric-distribution lines and replaced 16 miles of gas main to strengthen and expand systems.
• Completed two Orange County gas-main extension pilot projects to spur economic development.
• Installed high-voltage service for new data center in New Jersey.
• Met or exceeded all performance goals for customer service and electric and gas operations, including new records for gas-safety performance.
• Launched a new outage-mapping tool allowing customers to access information via the Web and mobile phones.
• Helped more than 10,500 customers receive grants from federal and company- sponsored payment-assistance programs.
     CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 3

                  (Top) Giuseppe Agugliaro, general utility worker, and Aubrey Blades, mechanic A, at work on the steam system. (Bottom) Energy-efficient lighting is installed at ABC Carpet & Home.
We will continue to build on the successes of our energy-efficiency offerings and align ourselves with city and state goals to reduce energy use and carbon emissions.
EnergyNY
Planning For Tomorrow
Con Edison has been investing in the next generation of the electric grid for years, working with major cities such as Paris, Tokyo, and Shanghai that need to build more flexible and reliable urban networks. Developing the smart grid, while not new to us, was a significant chapter for the company in 2009.
A smart grid allows for a two-way flow of energy and information between customers and utilities, giving up-to-date information to both user and provider about how energy is being used. Smart grids can more quickly identify and isolate problems, making systems even more efficient, and allow for the integration of renewable energy and electric vehicles into the system.
As part of our smart-grid pilot in Queens, we are installing about 1,500 smart meters in homes, apartment buildings, and businesses. Several hundred customers will receive information that will allow them to monitor and control their energy use.
The Queens smart-grid test also involves a joint program with the City University of New York to assess how solar energy can be integrated into the grid. Plans for a photovoltaic system on the roof of LaGuardia Community College could generate 100 kilowatts of clean power.
Last fall, our two regulated utilities, Con Edison of New York and Orange and Rockland (O&R), were the only utilities in New York
State to receive federal smart-grid investment stimulus funding. The nearly $200 million in grants will fund part of the cost of automating our electric-distribution systems. We will install more switches and monitoring devices and develop a new command-and-control system that integrates renewable energy, energy storage, and electric-vehicle charging stations into the smart grid.
4 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT

                Smart-grid projects under way in Rockland County and New Jersey will also be bolstered by the stimulus grants. More broadly, the stimulus money will promote economic vitality and create employment opportunities in the greater New York metropolitan region.
While we are looking to tomorrow’s energy needs, we must continue to maintain, repair, and upgrade today’s complex energy systems
to preserve our stellar reliability record – a record that customers expect and deserve. Our EnergyNY commitment to investing in our infrastructure allows us to prepare for the long term.
In 2009, a new substation opened on the west side of Manhattan, and is helping us better meet customer needs in midtown. Queens residents will benefit when a new substation in Long Island City opens later this year. In Orange and Rockland counties, we upgraded more than 28 miles of overhead electric-distribution lines and replaced 16 miles of gas mains.
(Top) Electric operations general manager Walter Alvarado at the Energy Control Center, which will connect to the smart grid. (Bottom) The Big Sue solar installation in Brooklyn is paving the way for the integration of renewable energy into the smart grid. Photo courtesy of Bigsuellc.com
  CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 5

                COMPETITIVE ENERGY BUSINESSES
Con Edison Solutions
• Received a contract from the state of New Hampshire to supply three megawatts of wind power.
• Awardedacontractforafifth consecutive year by the Cape
Light Compact in Massachusetts to supply electricity to approximately 150,000 customers.
• Received the 2009 Supplier Excellence Award from the U.S. Postal Service, the only energy- service company to receive the award and the second time to be so recognized.
• Expanded energy-efficiency services provided to U.S. Postal Service to include facilities in 30 states, Guam, and the Caribbean.
• Selected by the U.S. Coast Guard under a federal Department of Energy program to develop and install energy-efficiency projects at three facilities in metropolitan New York, including a geothermal heating system.
• Undertook a pilot program to install solar power at eight sites under an agreement with the Cape and Vineyard Electric Cooperative in Massachusetts.
Vito Vavallo, field operations planner, shares energy- saving tips in “Stay Cool, Save Cash,” the first of our new Power of Green Web videos.
Con Edison of New York will see the end of its most recent substation construction program in 2011, when a new substation in upper Manhattan is energized. Based on our current forecast for reduced growth in customer demand for electricity, we will break no new ground for several years.
But that does not mean that we will stop investing in our systems. The majority of our capital spending is for maintenance, repairs, and upgrades. System reliability continues to be the focus of our capital spending. We will review our investments with an eye toward cost management, for the benefit of our customers and our business.
EnergyNY
The Green Story
(continued)
The third component of our EnergyNY plan is our commitment to
a clean and sustainable future. Since 2005, we have reduced our carbon footprint by 36 percent. Con Edison was cited in Newsweek magazine’s 2009 Green Rankings as one of the most environmentally friendly utility companies in the nation. The magazine also praised our aggressive efforts to help customers cut the amount of electricity they use and our innovations with the electric grid.
Con Edison Solutions is making great strides in its renewable-energy offerings to customers. In the last two years, Solutions has increased its number of green-energy accounts by almost 60 percent. Among the newly signed customers are Saint Peter’s College in Jersey City, and Chelsea Piers in Manhattan, now the city’s largest commercial customer completely powered by wind. Solutions is emerging as a green-power leader in the Northeast, providing renewable energy
to customers throughout New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, New Hampshire, and Massachusetts.
New York City’s urban rooftops offer great potential for solar energy. We recently filed a proposal for $25 million in funding to develop solar- power installations over the next five years. If we achieve the goal
    6 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT

                of 25 megawatts derived from solar resources, we could offset 16,000 tons of carbon emissions annually, the equivalent of removing 2,400 cars from the road. A separate initiative will help New York City and Westchester customers use solar energy for hot water.
Our partnerships with community organizations dedicated to sustainability are another extension of our green commitment. We proudly support Solar One’s Green Collar Jobs program, which provides vocational education for students interested in the emerging green industry. Another one of our partners, the Teatown Lake Reservation, offers educational programs for children and adults that instill respect for the environment. In Orange County, we worked with residents to restock Ridgebury Lake with native fish, bringing the lake back to life.
Last October, in partnership with the New York Restoration Project, we planted more than 5,000 trees in New York City. The tree plantings were funded by company contributions to thank customers for enrolling in our e*bill paperless billing program.
More than 40 percent of our vehicles are now using alternative-energy technology. The company’s substantial fleet got greener when we acquired more than 150 hybrid vehicles. We continue to test new plug-in hybrid and all-electric models. Two new low-emission mobile laboratories that detect fluid leaks in the electric system were added to the fleet in 2009. Con Edison of New York was ranked 11th in the Top 50 Corporate Green Fleets in 2009 by Automotive Fleet magazine.
New environmentally friendly white roofs are now in place at our corporate headquarters and more than twenty other facilities, and more are under way. Instead of absorbing sunlight, a white roof reflects it, resulting in a more energy-efficient building.
The Carbon Disclosure Project tracks the green efforts of 2,000 organizations worldwide and last year ranked Con Edison the number one utility in climate-change performance actions. And in September, Con Edison was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America, an elite list that analyzes corporate performance from an economic, environmental, and social perspective.
Con Edison Energy and Con Edison Development
• Positioned Con Edison Development as a renewable-energy and energy- infrastructure company focused on owning and operating investments in the Northeast.
• Successfully completed the initial phase of a long-term contract
to manage the Long Island Power Authority’s generation and supply assets.
• Continued to expand the generation services business — Con Edison Energy now provides logistical merchant services to 16 third-party generation facilities in the Northeast.
     (Above) Central Park. (Bottom) Students at PS394 in Brooklyn participate in a Con Edison-sponsored planting project.
CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 7

                THE POWER OF GIVING
YMCA of Greater NewYork
We are proud supporters of the YMCA and its 157-year tradition of offering health and wellness and educational programs for young people and adults.
Historic Hudson Valley
Since 1992, we have partnered with Historic Hudson Valley, most recently helping to restore a 300-year old bridge and grist mill in Sleepy Hollow, NY.
Greenbelt Conservancy
We proudly sponsor Staten Island’s Greenbelt Conservancy, an organization dedicated to preserving 2,800 acres of urban forests, meadows, streams, and hiking trails.
Queens County Farm Museum
As the city’s only remaining working historical farm, we help this organization celebrate New York City’s agrarian past and promote a sustainable future.
BrooklynTech Alumni Foundation
Brooklyn Tech students are now exploring science and environmental studies in a Con Edison funded state-of-the-art laboratory.
Science, Inventions & Technology Exhibition
For 23 years, O&R has supported a group of Rockland County teachers who volunteer their time to organize a county-wide science fair for students in grades 5-12.
Students conduct experiments at the Con Edison Environmental Science & Engineering Laboratory at Brooklyn Tech High School.
We are proud of our environmental accomplishments and the rich recognition we receive for keeping our communities sustainable. We will remain steadfast in our commitment to a better future.
EnergyNY
A New Decade
As we move forward, I want to reiterate our commitment to our shareholders and customers. I also want to recognize our 15,000 outstanding employees whose unwavering dedication allows
us to provide the most reliable energy service in the nation, an accomplishment acknowledged by PA Consulting.
Our business strategy will continue to evolve to keep pace with
our quickly changing world. We have increased our dividend for
36 consecutive years, bringing it to $2.38 a share while working our way through five recessions in that period. Our balance sheet remains solid.
While it is difficult to predict the health of the local economy in the coming year, and the impact it will have on our customers, we are determined to keep helping those having hard times. I am confident that we are in a strong position to meet our customers’ energy needs as we emerge from the sluggish economy.
Our shareholders and customers can remain confident that we are committed to delivering nothing short of topflight service in the coming decade. We thank you for your continued trust and support.
KEVIN BURKE
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
     8 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT
