                 4
LEONARD A. LAUDER
CHAIRMAN EMERITUS’ LETTER
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
For 63 years, The Estée Lauder Companies has excelled at building innovative brands that have appealed to consumers all over the globe. Along the way we have weathered tough challenges, including severe recessions and key customers going out of business. But we have always emerged a greater company — stronger, smarter and more flexible. Difficult times reward companies that are versatile, adaptive and diversified. All are true of The Estée Lauder Companies.
Fiscal 2009 was a challenging year, as we and everyone else confronted a global economic downturn. Under the strong leadership of our Executive Chairman, William P. Lauder, and our President and Chief Executive Officer, Fabrizio Freda, we quickly took action to respond to the external environment. The following report will provide detail on our new corporate strategy, which was rolled out in fiscal 2009. This strategy provides a roadmap to speed up innovation, prioritize investments, rein in costs and usher in the next stage of our Company’s growth.

                DIFFICULT TIMES REWARD COMPANIES THAT
ARE VERSATILE, ADAPTIVE AND DIVERSIFIED.
ALL ARE TRUE OF THE EST{E LAUDER COMPANIES.
As we welcome Fabrizio Freda as our new Chief Executive Officer, I want to thank William Lauder for the outstanding accomplishments our Company achieved while he was Chief Executive Officer. Thanks to his knowledge and keen insights, we expanded our international reach, increased our presence in new channels of distribution — particularly the fast-growing Internet and direct response television — and greatly strengthened our brand portfolio, all of which contributed to our Company’s growth.
At the start of fiscal 2010, I transitioned into a new role as Chairman Emeritus. As a continuing member of the Board and a long-time stockholder, I have full confidence that under William and Fabrizio’s leadership, our Company will continue to achieve even greater pinnacles of success. William’s profound understanding of The Estée Lauder Companies and its rich heritage, combined with Fabrizio’s deep business acumen and strategic vision, will continue a long tradition of strong partnership at the Company’s helm.
This leadership team marks the start of a new era at The Estée Lauder Companies. As I assume my new position, I will continue to provide advice and guidance to the leaders of the Company so we can continue the incredible journey that started more than half a century ago when I came to work at a small cosmetics company started by my mother.
I want to thank, with deep appreciation and gratitude, all our employees, retail partners and consumers who have helped build The Estée Lauder Companies into what it is today—a worldwide leader in prestige beauty.
Sincerely,
Leonard A. Lauder Chairman Emeritus
 5

                 6
WILLIAM P. LAUDER
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
For The Estée Lauder Companies, fiscal 2009 was a year of change and opportunity. Although the difficult global economic conditions impacted our financial results, our employees showed tremendous resourcefulness during this challenging time and I am extremely appreciative of their dedication, hard work, flexibility and skill.
The worldwide recession impacted sales in all regions and brands to varying degrees, which is reflected in our lower sales and earnings. Retail sales of consumer goods, including beauty products, fell sharply, due to the decline in consumer spending. In the face of these external forces, we took many defensive steps that made us stronger, smarter and better able to tackle competitive challenges that may come our way.
To protect our earnings we moved quickly to cut costs, reducing planned spending by $250 million. By doing so, we remained profitable, enjoyed a healthy balance sheet and generated strong cash flow from operations. We announced salary and hiring freezes and the unfortunate, but necessary, decision to reduce our workforce by six percent over the next two years.

                Operationally, we achieved solid progress in a number of key areas, leading to greater efficiencies and integration. We finished the year with major improvements in inventory days and sharply cut the number of stock keeping units (SKUs) that we carry. We focused on better aligning our supply chain with the brands and regions, which should enable us to achieve greater cost and time efficiencies. We modernized our processes and technologies in some demand planning and financial functions and at our U.K. manufacturing operations.
While we adjusted our plans to deal with the unexpected economic downturn, Fabrizio Freda and I, along with our senior leadership team, were also busy developing the Company’s four-year strategy that sets out new goals. I am proud of how our employees came together in support of the new strategy and pleased that, overall, investors responded favorably.
Companies that succeed in tough times like these, and emerge even stronger, share common traits. They are diversified in their geographic scope, distribution channels and product offerings and have a strong financial foundation and clear path for future growth. We possess all these attributes, and many more, including decades of brand-building and commercial expertise, a portfolio of world-class brands and a long history of superior creativity, innovation and High-Touch personal service.
I am also pleased to note that we advanced our long-standing commitment to being a responsible corporate citizen. We have included a special section in this report that highlights some of our activities in philanthropy, social responsibility and environmental awareness. Being actively engaged in the communities where we live and work is a deep-rooted responsibility that is part of our core values and business practices.
I look forward to continuing to collaborate with Fabrizio, who succeeded me as Chief Executive Officer on July 1, 2009. Together, we will lead the efforts to achieve our objectives for the Company and its stockholders.
My father, Leonard Lauder, transitioned to his new role as Chairman Emeritus. I would like to express my gratitude to him on behalf of the whole Company for his vision, business skills, passion and tireless energy. Although he will be less active on a day-to-day basis, we look forward to his continued contributions as a member of the Board and his ongoing role as a valued teacher and advisor.
In addition to thanking our employees for their dedication to the Company, I want to extend my appreciation and gratitude to our consumers for their loyalty, our customers who are invested in our brands, our Board for its advice and direction, and our stockholders for their ongoing support of The Estée Lauder Companies. We continuously strive to increase stockholder value and make you proud to be a part of this remarkable Company.
Sincerely,
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
 7
