                 2
Executive Chairman’s Letter William P. Lauder

                Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Fiscal 2011 was a tremendous year for The Estée Lauder Companies. Thanks to the efforts of our talented employees and leaders, and guided by the superb management of our President and Chief Executive Officer, Fabrizio Freda, we successfully grew our business, recorded strong sales gains across all of our regions and significantly increased our stockholder value. In fact, we broke many of our historical financial records, demonstrating what can happen when great brands and great people deliver their very best.
Throughout our history, we have been a growth company and this year was no exception. Guided by a strong strategy, we grew share in many key markets and advanced our Strategic Modernization Initiative, an important step forward in ensuring that we are an integrated and successful company. We also continued to exercise financial discipline and produced significant cost savings, a portion of which were re-invested into our areas of greatest opportunity.
One of the ways that we grow is by expanding our portfolio of brands so that we can continue to delight and increase the loyalty
of our global consumers.
One of the ways that we grow is by expanding our portfolio of brands so that we can continue to delight and increase the loyalty of our global consumers. When it comes to acquiring new brands, we at The Estée Lauder Companies are highly selective. Last year, we acquired the Hollywood photo studio-inspired brand, Smashbox. I am happy to report that for the last year we have been successfully integrating the brand into our organization and have planned an exciting relaunch to consumers in the fall of 2011. In addition, we recently acquired the fragrance license for the luxury Italian brand, Ermenegildo Zegna, which is one of the fastest growing men’s luxury brands in China. We look forward to growing the brand and expanding its global business.
3

                4
We continued to make great progress across the areas of stakeholder engagement, philanthropy and sustainable innovation. For many years now, I have been personally committed to advancing all of our corporate responsibility initiatives and I am particularly pleased with our most recent accomplishments. In October 2010, we released our most comprehensive Corporate Responsibility Report, highlighting the great efforts of our brands and the important strides we are taking as a company. In the past fiscal year, through our Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign, the employees and brands of The Estée Lauder Companies raised more than $6.5 million globally for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, the nonprofit organization founded by my mother, Evelyn H. Lauder, to provide critical funding towards preventing and curing breast cancer. In addition, we achieved $1.75 million in savings from energy conservation efforts, increased the recycling of our manufacturing waste by an additional 50 percent and initiated a new company-wide “Green Chemistry Initiative” to measure our progress in reducing our overall environmental impact over the course of our products’ life cycles, from sourcing to recycling. We truly believe that what is good for the world is good for our business and we will strive to contribute in positive ways for years to come.
Responsibility to our world and communities is not only reflected in our pursuit to become a better corporate citizen, it is also made evident in the everyday actions of the individuals and teams that make up our workforce. The family values that have been our foundation from the very beginning are reflected in our culture around the world on a daily basis, from employees who came together to support our colleagues in Japan during this year’s tragic earthquake to supporting flood victims from the United States to Australia.
In line with our culture and strategy, we continue to focus on the biggest opportunities for our business, while simultaneously ensuring that the reputation we have built over our 60-plus years will continue to set the industry standard for the next 60. I am dedicated to helping lead our Company forward and have spent much of my time this past year traveling the world to meet with employees, industry leaders and consumers. Relationships are critical to who we are and, as Executive Chairman, I am committed to strengthening our relationships with new and existing stakeholders.

                I want to give a special thanks to my father, Leonard Lauder, whose expertise and energy continue to be a benchmark of leadership excellence for all of us who work with him. I am also grateful to our Executive Leadership Team for its exceptional management, our Board of Directors for its continued guidance and to my colleague and partner, Fabrizio Freda, for his tremendous efforts in taking our Company to new heights. Of course, I am indebted to our incredible employees who embody the wealth of our Company.
As we continue to expand our business, whether it be in the digital space or in emerging markets, we will live our mission to “bring the best to everyone we touch and be the best in everything we do.” This is a very exciting time for us, and I am extremely gratified by the many successes of The Estée Lauder Companies. I extend my deepest thanks to all of you who have helped us achieve extraordinary success and who continue to shape our history — our employees, our consumers, our customers, our suppliers, our communities and our stockholders. I look forward to the many years ahead of us as we continue to earn your trust, your confidence and your pride.
Sincerely,
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
 5

                 6
President and Chief Executive Officer’s Letter
Fabrizio Freda

                Dear Fellow Stockholders,
I am pleased to report that fiscal 2011 was another outstanding year for The Estée Lauder Companies. Driven by fantastic momentum across our brands, regions and product categories, we made significant progress against our strategic goals, outperformed the global prestige beauty industry and set many financial records for our Company. Today, we are more than two years into our strategy and by virtually all measures have made tremendous strides. As a result of our success, we are extending our strategy for another year, through fiscal 2014, with even more ambitious goals.
We experienced many outstanding achievements during the past year. First, we grew sales by 13 percent — three times the growth of global prestige beauty. Additionally, we saw double-digit sales increases across our largest product categories of skin care and makeup, as well as in our geographic regions. We had our best year in North America in a decade, achieved prestige beauty leadership in China and became the leader in skin care in travel retail, the fastest-growing category in one of the fastest-growing prestige beauty channels. It is clear our strategy is working, we are executing with excellence and we remain focused on our vision — to be the global leader in prestige beauty: a brand-building powerhouse of unrivaled cre- ativity and innovation.
Fiscal 2011 milestones* include:
• Record net sales of $8.8 billion
• Record gross margin of 78.1%
• Operating margin of 13.0%
• Record net earnings of $743 million
• Record earnings per share of $3.69
• Record cash flow from operations of more than $1 billion
*Before charges associated with restructuring activities
7

                8
Our strategic journey began in 2009. Since that time, we have stepped forward with confidence and better aligned our organization and infrastructure to support our new corporate strategy. In the process, we reduced non-value-added costs and imposed new financial discipline across the Company. At the same time, we developed the necessary capabilities to improve our competiveness and, today, we are better positioned to manage our business more effectively and allocate our resources to the most promising opportunities.
The qualities that have been central to The Estée Lauder Companies since our beginning shape who we are and inspire us to deliver uncompromising quality and unparalleled service to our consumers.
In fiscal 2011, we updated our strategy to prioritize those opportunities with the biggest potential and, as a result, increased our share in several key product categories and geographic regions. For example, we saw the luxury sector recover significantly and prestige beauty gain against mass in many important countries and categories. Our continued commitment to providing prestige product and service innovations has been paying off.
We recognize that in order to be a truly global company we need to be even more locally relevant. This year, we grew our capabilities to innovate closer to where our consumers live and shop, especially in emerg- ing markets. We opened a larger research and development facility in Shanghai to help us develop break- through technologies and products based on the preferences of Chinese consumers. We also expanded

                our distribution in the most locally relevant channels within each of our geographies. In Brazil, for instance, M.A.C expanded its distribution by increasing the number of its freestanding stores.
We enhanced our capabilities within the digital space to take advantage of this increasingly important communications area. One of the ways we did this was by leveraging game-changing technologies, such as mobile applications and social media platforms, to allow our brands to connect with consumers in new and interactive ways. Since the digital universe is fundamentally changing how consumers research and buy beauty products, we will continue investing in ways to evolve our digital capabilities.
Another exciting opportunity is the travel retail channel, where in fiscal 2011 we were one of the fastest-growing beauty companies. As airports continue to become more vibrant shopping destinations, we are creating innovative new products and services that will help us fully leverage this important channel. However, we recognize the potential volatility and risks associated with the travel retail business, which can change in an instant due to events beyond our control, so we will manage our expectations accordingly.
By staying focused and disciplined, we will continue moving forward on the path toward a very promising future.
The qualities that have been central to The Estée Lauder Companies since our beginning shape who we are and inspire us to deliver uncompromising quality and unparalleled service to our consumers. One such strength is our innate creativity. Today, we are focusing on fewer, but more impactful product
9

                10
launches. We are supporting these launches with an effective mix of pull-push marketing efforts, combining television, print and digital activities to attract consumers to our counters, stores and websites and then treating them with our High-Touch services. This year, we utilized our improved marketing techniques to support several of our breakthrough product launches—Estée Lauder’s Advanced Night Repair Synchronized Recovery Eye Complex, Clinique’s Repairwear Laser Focus, Origins’ Plantscription and La Mer’s The Radiant Serum — all of which benefited and contributed significantly to our growth.
Our outstanding results this year reinforce that our strategy is working. I want to express my sincerest thanks to our Board of Directors for its sage guidance and ongoing support. I also extend my appreciation to our retailers, consumers and you, our stockholders, for your partnership and passion for our products and unique High-Touch service approach.
Naturally, strong results are only possible when outstanding people unite and deliver their best — together. I want to express my sincerest thanks to William Lauder and Leonard Lauder for their partnership and guidance, and for building a Company of such great people. I am also honored to have at the helm of our Company, alongside the Lauder family, a talented management team whose strategic focus and discipline has been crucial to our success. Their efforts on a day-to-day basis have kept our global workforce motivated and on course. I extend my deep appreciation to our employees around the globe, as they are truly what make our Company extraordinary.
As we start fiscal 2012, there is a significant amount of economic uncertainty in many parts of the world. Recent volatility may make it harder to predict both the full recovery of prestige beauty growth, as well as how global consumer confidence, demand and spending will be impacted. However, our fundamentals are solid, our business strategies are designed to strengthen the Company over the long-term and we believe

                we are well positioned to manage our business more effectively and efficiently. We are energized by our momentum and are committed to refining our strategy as needed to continue to capture the biggest opportunities that will sustain us for the years to come. I am confident that by staying focused and disciplined, we will continue moving forward on the path toward a very promising future of sustained profitable growth.
Sincerely,
Fabrizio Freda
President and Chief Executive Officer
 11
