 2
2
Executive Chairman’s Letter
William P. Lauder
 
 Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Fiscal 2012 was another record year for The Estée Lauder Companies. Thanks to our focused growth strategy and strong business model, we achieved sales gains in all regions and major product categories, illustrating the broad strength of our Company and the power of our brand portfolio.
For over 60 years, The Estée Lauder Companies has been committed to working together, with all of our stakeholders, with uncompromising ethics and integrity.
Our strong performance is a tribute to the commitment and hard work of our employees, the exceptional quality of our products and services, the vision and outstanding leadership of my partner and our President and Chief Executive Officer, Fabrizio Freda, and the entire management team.
This year’s performance built upon our prior success, and we achieved a number of milestones, which enabled us to increase total stockholder return. In the process, our Board authorized a two-for-one stock split and raised the dividend by 40 percent. We grew net sales at double the rate of
prestige beauty worldwide and gained global share against the competition. Overall, we grew profitably in many of our most strategic areas, including our largest brands and product categories, as well as in key markets and distribution channels, such as China, travel retail and United States department stores. We continued to exercise strong financial discipline, allowing us to invest in new capabilities to support our strategy for the long term and advance our Strategic Modernization Initiative (SMI). We are also pleased with the progress of the newest additions to our brand portfolio, Smashbox and Ermenegildo Zegna. We believe that both of these brands hold great potential for us and we look forward to growing their businesses globally.
As I reflect on our many successes of the year, it is with a heavy heart that I look back on the loss of a woman who embodied the heart and soul of The Estée Lauder Companies — my mother, Mrs. Evelyn H. Lauder. She carried the torch of our Company’s heritage and deep family values. Over the course of her more than 50 years with our Company, she fostered in us a great appreciation for the value of relationships and the importance of giving back to our world at large. This year, as we celebrate the 20th Anniversary of
 3

 The Estée Lauder Companies’ Breast Cancer Awareness (BCA) Campaign, a campaign my mother founded, we give special tribute in celebrating her extraordinary and inspiring life. More than anything, it was her recognition of the critical need to fight breast cancer through medical research — an emblem of her dedication to people and to philanthropy—that has become one of the pillars of our Company’s commitment to corporate responsibility.
That commitment — toward our world, our communities and our people — is especially meaningful to me, and I am pleased with the progress we continue to make as responsible corporate citizens. From our Company’s BCA Campaign to M.A.C’s incredibly successful VIVA GLAM campaign, and through many more initiatives across the organization, our employees and brands have raised critical awareness and support for key social issues in the priority areas of women’s health, women’s empowerment, education, health and human services, and global emergency disaster relief. We remain focused on environmental stewardship efforts, including water security, sustainable ingredient sourcing, renewable energy and sustainable packaging. We look forward to releasing our most comprehensive Corporate Responsibility Report later this year, which highlights the positive strides we are making as
a Company and serves as a record for measuring our progress.
One of the joys of my role as Executive Chairman is spending more time focused on relationship building. Fiscal 2012 made it more evident than ever that the social and political boundaries of our world are changing. To sustain the success of our business, particularly in increasingly regulated environments, relationships are critical—with our
Despite the global economic and political uncertainties that marked fiscal 2012, we enter the fourth year of our strategic journey having achieved
a number of record highs.
employees, our consumers, our customers and our communities at large. Visiting local markets and operations to meet with employees, industry leaders and consumers is an important part of my role and one that I value deeply. For over 60 years, The Estée Lauder Companies has been committed to working together, with all of our stakeholders, with uncompromising ethics and integrity. I am personally dedicated to strengthening that commitment, ensuring good governance and continuing to enhance our corporate reputation around the world.
 4

 As I reflect on our excellent performance in fiscal 2012, I would like to express my deep appreciation for all of the people who have contributed to our success. Despite the global economic and political uncertainties that marked fiscal 2012, we enter the fourth year of our strategic journey having achieved
leadership, unsurpassed creativity, a strong balance sheet, and a winning strategy that enables us to take advantage of our biggest global opportunities and to ensure the sustainable, profitable growth of our business for the foreseeable future.
Sincerely, a number of record highs. This is a testament to the
 strength of our business model and the outstanding leadership of Fabrizio Freda. His vision, thoughtful management and disciplined focus have positioned The Estée Lauder Companies for what I believe will be a bright future. I am also grateful to my father, Leonard Lauder, whose strength and devotion to our Company continues to inspire us all. I extend my deepest thanks to our Board of Directors and our Executive Leadership Team—we are fortunate to have some of the world’s best talent helping to guide our organization. To our consumers, our suppliers, our retailers and our stockholders, thank you for your ongoing loyalty and support. And most importantly, I would like to thank our employees around the world for their extraordinary efforts and contributions.
I look toward the next phase in our evolution with confidence and optimism. The Estée Lauder Companies has always been a unique organization with a rich heritage, and the steps we have taken over the past three years have made us stronger than ever. We finished fiscal 2012 in an enviable position, bolstered by exceptional talent and
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
5

 President and Chief Executive Officer’s Letter
Fabrizio Freda
 
 Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Thanks to the incredible focus and hard work of our employees last year, The Estée Lauder Companies continued its powerful momentum, outperforming the global prestige beauty industry for the third year in a row and surpassing many of our strategic targets. In all, our year was marked by outstanding achievements across our brands, regions and product categories. Such success demonstrated, yet again, that our disciplined strategy and the outstanding equity of our brands have created a sustainable, winning formula that has helped us deliver another great year of record performance.
This formula—our combination of innovative products, High-Touch services, strategic vision and operating excellence — resulted in impressive fiscal 2012 sales growth of 10 percent. For the second consecutive year, we saw double-digit sales increases in our largest product categories and most important geographies. We had another outstanding year in North America, for example, where we accelerated growth in our key channels and strengthened our leadership position in prestige skin care. In the travel retail channel, we gained share overall, secured the number one position in prestige skin care and became the leading company in prestige makeup. Simultaneously, we continued to expand our beauty leadership in China, where
two of our brands, Estée Lauder and La Mer, significantly outpaced the market.
These meaningful accomplishments resulted from the contributions of our more than 38,000 full-time employees, each of whom plays an important role in making this Company extraordinary. To them — and to the talented senior management team whose excellent leadership, sound judgment and increased discipline have been critical to our sustained growth — I am extremely grateful. Additionally, I extend my deepest appreciation for the ongoing support and partnership of William Lauder, the wisdom and guidance of Leonard Lauder, and the sage counsel provided by our Board of Directors throughout the year.
Amidst an exceptionally bright year, our Company suffered a terrible loss—that of our beloved Evelyn H. Lauder. During her more than 50 years with this Company, she was a guiding force, contributing invaluable insights through her many positions and helping to develop some of our most successful fragrances. She was perhaps best known for her tireless advocacy for breast cancer awareness through The Breast Cancer Research Foundation® and The Estée Lauder Companies’ Breast Cancer Awareness (BCA) Campaign, both of which she founded. As we celebrate The Estée
7

  8
Our successes over the past year reinforce our belief that our strategy is working and that we have a clear path to future growth.
Lauder Companies’ BCA Campaign’s 20th anniversary this year, we also celebrate Evelyn’s life and enduring legacy. I was privileged to have known her personally and I am dedicated to honoring her spirit and remembering the many gifts she gave to our Company, its family culture and the beauty industry at large. Her strength, generosity and compassion will continue to inspire us for many years to come.
As my colleagues here at The Estée Lauder Companies know, I am passionate about sailing and am fond of drawing analogies between the business world and the sport. Both require intense focus, high-level strategy, teamwork and agility. I like to say that when our Company began its strategic journey three years ago, we looked for the winds of growth and ways to improve our performance. With fast winds at our back, we were able to swiftly leverage our greatest opportunities across product categories and geographies. We have continued to successfully navigate these winds, while at the same time building the necessary capabilities to support our journey. The result is an organization more nimble and flexible than ever, and by substantially
reducing non-value added costs, we have generated more profitable growth and reinvested to further improve our strengths.
During the year, we added to our strategic plan a high-level, directional growth map designed to help us prioritize the greatest long-term opportunities for our Company and corresponding benchmarks against which we will measure our success. This plan acts as a compass, guiding us toward what we believe will be sustainable, profitable growth for the long term. Our successes over the past year reinforce our belief that our strategy is working and that we have a clear path to future growth.
In fiscal 2012, prestige beauty grew faster than mass in key markets around the world and our Company was well equipped to take advantage of that momentum. Thanks to our superior products and exceptional services, we were poised to meet the increased global demand for luxury. We delivered breakthrough innovations — Estée Lauder’s Idealist Even Skintone Illuminator and Cooling Eye Illuminator, Clinique’s Moisture Surge Intense Skin Fortifying Hydrator, M.A.C’s Matchmaster SPF 15 Foundation, Aveda’s Invati three-step system for thinning hair, and Origins’ Mega-Bright Skin tone correcting serum, to name a few — which, along with our High-Touch services, delighted our loyal consumers and enticed newcomers to prestige beauty. To support

 these new products, we evolved our “pull” model, using even more creative and effective advertising and digital strategies to drive consumers to our stores, counters, retailers and online sites.
As we expand our business around the world, our focus on becoming even more locally relevant continues to pay off. The beauty industry is profoundly different across the globe, and we are deftly managing our brand and product portfolio accordingly — innovating more closely to where our consumers live and shop and adjusting our services and communications appropriately. We are more attuned to our consumers around the globe, especially those in emerging markets like China, Brazil, Russia and the Middle East. As a result, we find that we are better able to capitalize on the most promising opportunities with these consumers, whether they are shopping near where they live or where they travel.
We also expanded our leadership in global prestige beauty through new and existing stores in such locations as China, Dubai and Canada. Relationships are a key pillar of our business, and in fiscal 2012 we continued to build on our relationships with some of our most important retailers in the most promising areas for the Company and our brands. Additionally, our Company-operated stores represent a unique opportunity for us to demonstrate the essence of our brands and tap into the aspirations of our
consumers. We will continue to thoughtfully expand our retail footprint where appropriate.
Another strong contributor to our success has been the realignment of our organization to improve efficiency and better support our global strategy. For example, our Program Management Team (PMT), which has helped us drive cost savings through two dozen global initiatives, has helped us realize savings of $708 million since the beginning of the program in fiscal 2010 — $145 million in fiscal 2012 alone. These savings provide important resources that allow us to make focused investments — from strengthening our strong consumer relationship management (CRM) to boosting our expertise in digital — and provide important platforms for growth. Similarly, we continue to invest in our greatest asset, our people. Last year, we rolled out new global leadership and talent management programs that reinforce our high performance learning culture, which allows creativity and innovation to flourish. Combined, these efforts are driving unprecedented levels of global success for our Company.
In sum, our many achievements have led us to more clearly identify the opportunities ahead of us, market by market and region by region, and have prompted us to improve our winning business model and adapt our strategies accordingly. While our overall business is performing very well, we know the world will never be predictable.
9

 We continue to see ongoing global economic uncertainties and volatility in certain markets. Despite these challenges, we have seen that ours is an industry of great resilience and our consumers’ quest for beauty remains steadfast. It is that quest — for luxury, for excellence, for unparalleled service—that should maintain strong
that we will continue to achieve significant success, as we have in the past, by honoring our values. We believe the qualities that make this Company unique will translate into unmistakable competitive advantages and long-term profitable growth for our Company and all of our stakeholders.
Sincerely, long-term demand for our products. And we,
 through each of our unique brands, remain
Today, we are more committed than ever to accelerating the expansion of our winning business model to all product categories and regions.
committed to fulfilling our consumers’ desires, wherever in the world they happen to be.
We believe there is still substantial room for growth. Over the past 60 years, The Estée Lauder Companies has built an unmatched brand portfolio that continues to meet and exceed the aspirations of consumers around the world. Today, we are more committed than ever to accelerating the expansion of our winning business model to all product categories and regions. We will remain focused on investing in our industry-leading portfolio and adjusting our strategy to take advantage of the “fastest winds” fueling global prestige beauty. For this next phase of our journey, I am confident
Fabrizio Freda
President and Chief Executive Officer
 10
