 2
wiLLiam P. LaudEr
“Guided by the values upon which our Company was founded and our long-term corporate strategy, we met the challenges of the still-turbulent economy by generating some of our best results in years.”

EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
dear fellow stockholders:
fiscal 2010 was a tremendous year for the Estée Lauder companies. Guided by the values upon which our company was founded and our long-term corporate strategy, we met the challenges of the still-turbulent economy by generating some of our best results in years. through the invaluable contributions of our outstanding employees and the leadership of our new President and chief Executive Officer, fabrizio freda, i am proud to report that we gained share in many important countries and channels and achieved strong sales and profits. importantly, we achieved these goals while exercising prudent financial decision-making and managing costs.
we began fiscal 2010 with the launch of the Estée Lauder brand’s upgraded advanced night repair, which turned out to be the largest and most successful global launch in our history. simultaneously, we implemented an ambitious, yet cautious, plan to reflect the prevailing economic conditions. through careful planning and dedicated efforts, we eliminated more than $350 million of costs. this enabled us to focus our resources on our most promising global opportunities and deliver strong profits and operating cash flow. we also moved forward with restructuring and resizing our organization, changing how we oper- ate to be a more efficient company.
3

4
in my new role as Executive chairman, i have had the privilege of traveling around the world to participate in important industry-wide conversations—from trade relations and regulatory affairs to marketing and communications. in the face of potential changes to the laws governing how we and other branded companies do business, i went to Europe to speak with lawmakers and the media to explain the importance of maintaining the laws allowing for selective distribution of luxury products both online and in retail establishments. along with other leaders across our industry, i was able to contribute to the efforts to preserve not only our business but our industry’s heritage of providing the best products and experiences that have, for decades, distinguished us from our mass competition. i truly believe it is the responsibility of each of us in a position of leadership to become more intimately involved in supporting those objectives and investment priorities that are most relevant to our business, and i was honored to play my part on behalf of our company.
in march, i joined my cousin Jane Lauder, Global President and General manager of our Origins and Ojon brands and a member of the Estée Lauder companies’ board of directors, at the launch of Origins in china, one of our most strategic markets. this was a particularly significant event for the brand and a milestone for our company as we continue to expand our business in china. as one of the brand’s original founders, i am proud to report that, as our ninth brand to join our china portfolio, Origins is showing notable promise.
“I believe that the success of a company depends on contributions at every level.”
as the head of our management’s investment development committee, i had the opportunity to help guide the recent acquisition of smashbox cosmetics. One of our strengths is our ability to identify brands with unique positioning and nurture those brands to accelerate their momentum and realize their full growth potential. we share strong cultural and strategic synergies with smashbox and i have great confidence that, over time, it will be an excellent addition to our world-class portfolio of brands.

I believe that the success of a company depends on contributions at every level. In addition to extending my sincerest appreciation to all of our employees who worked especially hard in fiscal 2010, I would like to thank our exceptional senior management teams for steering the Company so ably during a time of great change, both internally and externally. I am indebted to the Board for its excellent advice and guidance and would particularly like to thank my father, Leonard Lauder, who in his new role as Chairman Emeritus continued to impart his passion, knowledge and wisdom. In addition, I want to express my gratitude to our consumers for their continued enthusiasm for our products, our retailers who help express our brands’ philosophies and our stockholders for their support of our Company.
I admire our Company’s ongoing commitment to continue advancing our long-standing pledge of corporate responsibility to make our workforce, our consumers and our investors proud. I am appreciative of the many efforts of our brands and employees that help us, as a company, become a more responsible global citizen.
Though I am cautiously optimistic that worldwide economies will begin to improve, I am confident that we are positioning our Company for long-term sustainable, profitable growth. We have a diverse portfolio of world-class brands, enormous geographic reach, a long history of entrepreneurship and innovation, and a solid financial foundation. I am honored to be a part of shaping our vision as the leader in global prestige beauty.
Sincerely,
William P. Lauder Executive Chairman
 5

 6
“Our successes in fiscal 2010 are a testament
to the strength of The Estée Lauder Companies, the loyalty of our valued consumers and the dedication of our employees across the globe.”
fabriZiO frEda

PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S LETTER
dear fellow stockholders:
Our successes in fiscal 2010 are a testament to the strength of the Estée Lauder companies, the loyalty of our valued consumers and the dedication of our employees across the globe. despite one of the worst economic periods in decades, our performance was strong in so many respects. many of our financial metrics surpassed historical measures and we made great progress in evolving our organization to better meet the changing landscape of the global beauty industry.
we began the year with the successful launch of our four-year strategy and have made excellent headway, as demonstrated by our financial results. we made great strides in evolving our organization, expanding our geographic presence, investing in our global capabilities and growing share profitably in many of our largest, image-building markets. we accelerated growth in many emerging markets, particularly china and russia, and listened closely to our most discerning consumers. we exercised greater financial discipline, cut costs and focused our resources on our biggest and brightest opportunities. as a result, we achieved:
• overall net sales growth of 6%
• record gross margin of 76.5%
• record cash flow from operations of $957 million
• a reduction in stock keeping units (SKUs) of 10%, which helped drive down obsolescence by nearly 25%
this was a tremendous year for launching breakthrough products, services and concepts. to name a few, clinique’s Even better clinical dark spot corrector and Estée Lauder’s upgraded advanced night repair experienced extraordinary success around the world. at the same time, we demonstrated outstanding
7

8
innovation with La mer’s regenerating serum, as well as in fragrance with puredknY. m.a.c’s new viva Glam “from Our Lips” campaign featuring Lady Gaga and cyndi Lauper was the most successful campaign in the 16-year history of the m.a.c aids fund, and the successful launch of aveda’s new mobile e-commerce site is one of many examples of how we are connecting with consumers by expanding our digital capabilities.
the company also set out to improve our underperforming brands in an effort to boost overall profitability. we took many steps to address different issues and, as a group, these brands turned around sharply.
we made the difficult, but strategically necessary decision to discontinue the wholesale distribution of Prescriptives. as a testament to the team overseeing the plans and our retailers, we closed that business at less cost than anticipated and adapted some of its best-selling products to our other brands. through social media efforts we also found that there is a very determined and passionate group of women that love the brand. and by listening, we have decided to continue offering Prescriptives’ top-selling products online.
additionally, our aramis and designer fragrances division showed great improvement. its significant turnaround was driven by fewer, more impactful launches, improving its mix of business and distribution, tightening inventory and numerous savings in cost of goods. we will continue working on improving the profitability of certain smaller brands, which have made good initial progress.
in essence, we have reorganized our company and changed many of our processes to grow and sustain our leadership position in global prestige beauty. we will remain focused on our goals and build on the significant progress we’ve made as we continue to prioritize four key initiatives:
Creativity and Innovation: creativity will drive our success today, tomorrow and in the future. however, to realize the fullest potential of our innovation, we must connect it to our consumers worldwide, allowing them to be our inspiration. by using more in-depth consumer insights to ignite our intuition, we can focus our talents on the greatest opportunities and produce even greater breakthrough products and solutions.
High-Touch: we will apply our high-touch service model to promote total value that goes beyond price or technology in new and dynamic ways across various channels. Our personalized information and education is a powerful asset and a point of differentiation from mass competitors, particularly in stores.

Local Relevance: Being a truly global company means delivering the best experience, products and services everywhere in the world. To make that possible we reorganized to better serve our global consumers. We created a Corporate Marketing Center of Excellence to help give our brands greater local consumer insights which we will use to create more targeted products and services.
Enhancing Digital Capabilities: Communicating with consumers is changing as rapidly as the technology which enables it. Today, communities are no longer defined by proximity to others. Conversations happen 24/7 across a variety of platforms and geographies and consumers have become the voices of our brands. We are strengthening our skills so that we lead not only in traditional e-commerce but across all forms of social and digital media to better understand, engage and serve our consumers.
We made fantastic progress in the first year of our four-year strategic journey and have built a solid foundation. Our early successes reinforce our vision and give us the confidence that by building on our unique strengths and executing our strategy with excellence, we will become an even stronger competitor across the entire beauty landscape.
In closing, I want to thank our more than 31,000 employees across the globe for their extraordinary efforts and their unwavering commitment to our organization. I also want to thank William Lauder for his tremendous support, partnership and guidance. Additionally, I thank Leonard Lauder and the entire Lauder family for entrusting me with the privilege to lead this great Company. I am also extremely appreciative to our Board of Directors, my leadership team and our retailers and consumers for their support of our brands and to you, our valued stockholders.
We are proud of our many accomplishments in the first year of our strategic plan, but know that much work still lies ahead. As we embark on the next phase of our growth we will hold onto our core family values, historical strengths, creativity and entrepreneurial spirit that are ingrained in our heritage and culture. I look forward to evolving our journey in the years to come.
Sincerely,
Fabrizio Freda
President and Chief Executive Officer
 9
