 4
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE
OUR ANNUAL REPORTS: A PORTFOLIO OF IDEAS SINCE GOING PUBLIC 1996: A Rich Heritage: Our Guiding Principles
1997: Emergence: Change, Momentum, Power, Growth
1998: Managing and Anticipating Demographic Change
1999: Retailtainment and the Revolution in Distribution Channels 2000: Entrepreneurship: New Dimensions for Our Portfolio of Brands 2001: Global Brands: Fine-tuning the Engine for Global Growth
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
World events were not for the faint-of-heart during fiscal 2002. Yet, The Estée Lauder Companies still achieved its 51st year of uninterrupted sales growth — a result all the more noteworthy and gratifying given the historic changes and turbulence in the world and, particularly, our home town of New York.
Terrorism, global economic stress, a roiling stock market, crises of faith in once-trusted institutions and an unsettling awareness that many rules of the game have changed... it is no wonder that the markets — and the people in those markets — have felt rattled. In response, many companies have been quick to announce new initiatives or reforms to bolster stockholder and consumer confidence.
At The Estée Lauder Companies, we need only point to the policies and strategies that we have established over the years to show how we are positioned to cope with these historically topsy-turvy times. Indeed, I have highlighted these strategies in my messages to you since our Company went public in 1995. They are in place both to protect your investment and to propel us for growth.
LEONARD A. LAUDER

Great companies are built neither on wide swings of policy and strategy nor on a stodgy attachment to tradition. We honor our rich company heritage because it has worked, in tough economic times and good ones. Consistency does not preclude the ability to seize opportunities, limit losses or initiate trends. The Estée Lauder Companies’ tradition does require, however, that we pursue growth in a manner consistent with — in the words of our motto — Bringing the Best to Everyone We Touch. Responsibly. Ethically. Persistently. Beautifully.
Consider the themes of our last six annual reports, and you will see how well positioned we are for current and future challenges on all the critical fronts:
• We have diversified our product categories — for men and women: We are leaders in makeup, skin care and fragrance. We took a dramatic step in hair care in 1997 when we acquired Aveda and complemented it with our acquisition in 2000 of a majority interest in Bumble and bumble, and new hair care offerings from our major brands.
• We have anticipated demographic changes: Our products are needed, coveted, purchased and used differently by teenagers, Generations X and Y, boomers, seniors and everyone in between. Fred Langhammer, our CEO, has characterized our brands as “rule breakers” and “rule makers”. We appeal to a wider range of consumers with such “rule breaker” and niche brands as Origins, jane, Stila, Bobbi Brown, M.A.C, La Mer, Donna Karan and Tommy Hilfiger. Our “rule maker” brands — Estée Lauder, Clinique, Prescriptives and Aramis — have broken some rules of their own while retaining their core consumers over the years. One of our original product offerings in the 1950s, Estoderme, promised to keep youngish skin looking young. Now, our laboratories consistently develop market-leading formulas, such as Estée Lauder Advanced Night Repair Eye Recovery Complex, Clinique Total Turnaround Visible Skin Renewer, Origins A Perfect World White Tea Skin Guardian and Crème de la Mer, that help protect and repair aging skin.
• We have diversified our distribution: The Estée Lauder Companies can boast that it has one of the broadest portfolio of distribution options in the beauty and personal care industry, with a sophisticated logistics system that moves some 23,000 different product SKUs. Depending on the brand, its customer base and our market strategy, we can reach different consumers with the appropriate product through department stores, specialty stores, beauty salons, perfumeries, mass outlets or freestanding stores, as well as over the Internet or by direct mail.
GREAT COMPANIES ARE BUILT NEITHER ON WIDE SWINGS OF POLICY AND STRATEGY NOR ON A STODGY ATTACHMENT TO TRADITION. WE HONOR OUR RICH COMPANY HERITAGE BECAUSE IT HAS WORKED, IN TOUGH ECONOMIC TIMES AND GOOD ONES.
• We have diversified our brands: Our brands are conceived for diverse groups of consumers, whether they seek high glamour, natural enhancement, romantic illusion, luxurious pampering, healthy protection, outrageous fun or pure maintenance. Our 16 brands are in varying stages of development, providing balance for us in the marketplace. We will continue to look to acquire brands with unique positioning that complement our portfolio. Typically, these are rapidly growing, high-margin brands with passionate, entrepreneurial management teams and potential for long-term global growth.
5

• We have diversified geographically: We are quite excited about the potential in emerging markets, particularly Eastern Europe, Russia and China, and markets where makeup has taken on a symbolic value of freedom and self-expression. While our more developed brands are already available in over 130 countries and territories, we have many opportunities to expand further. Aveda, for example, generates around 85% of its sales domestically; the world awaits. We are able to leverage our distribution network and international expertise to expand the reach of each brand — and will do so carefully, deliberately, appropriately, when the time is right.
These growth platforms are part of a continuing process. We continue to diversify, fine-tune, balance, anticipate and innovate. Today’s answer is only good until the question changes, which happens rapidly — in many languages, in many time zones, in many currencies, in many economic climates, for many skin types. What endures is the quality of our product, the quality of our trade and consumer relationships, and the quality of our corporation.
And foremost, it is the quality of our people, at all levels. They are the ones who are diversifying, fine-tuning, balancing, anticipating, innovating and realizing the portfolio of ideas that keeps us competitive.
If the greatest wealth of a company is in its people, we are a very wealthy company. Let me pay tribute to some of the people who are responsible for our success.
6 OUR BRANDS ARE CONCEIVED FOR DIVERSE GROUPS OF CONSUMERS, WHETHER THEY SEEK HIGH GLAMOUR, NATURAL ENHANCEMENT, ROMANTIC ILLUSION, LUXURIOUS PAMPERING, HEALTHY PROTECTION, OUTRAGEOUS FUN OR PURE MAINTENANCE.
At a time when the quality and integrity of a board of directors is more important than ever, we have assembled a most remarkable group of outside directors to protect your interests, share expertise and add perspective:
• Ambassador Charlene Barshefsky, Washington-based attorney and former U.S. Trade Representative, has been a formidable negotiator and policy maker on the international economic scene. She brings us considerable first-hand knowledge of foreign trade and regulatory issues and a special insight into Far Eastern markets.
• Lady Lynn Forester de Rothschild’s concentration as an executive has been in finance and telecommunications, with a transatlantic emphasis. As an entrepreneur herself, she represents the mindset we seek in many of our most propitious acquisitions.
• Irvine O. Hockaday, Jr., retired in December 2001 as President and Chief Executive Officer of Hallmark Cards, Inc., a great family-rooted business that shares many of our beliefs in the nurturing of employees, community and culture. Irv also brings wisdom from his experience on the boards of several major public companies.
• Richard D. Parsons, the brilliant new Chief Executive Officer of AOL Time Warner and a leading citizen of New York City, provides an unparalleled global understanding and vision of the media, communications, entertainment and marketing worlds that both stimulate our business and promote our products.
• Marshall Rose, also a leading citizen of New York City, heads a privately held real estate development company. Marshall’s real estate expertise is increasingly useful to us now that we have more than 375 freestanding single-brand stores around the world. We also gain valuable insights from his pivotal leadership in private/ public partnerships that support culture and the humanities.

These Directors advise a senior management team that has my greatest respect and admiration. In Fred Langhammer, we have a chief executive who combines intelligence, discipline, collegiality, energy and vision. He and our group presidents — Dan Brestle, Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne, William Lauder, Philip Shearer and Ed Straw — bring collectively over 100 years of industry and company experience to their jobs. They are young “old-timers” in the best sense of the word. They have the wisdom and reflexes of professionals who know our business’ culture, yet they are always receptive to new ideas.
They also share my belief that ours should be an organization with the discipline of a public company and the soul of a family business — where everyone is family. Years ago, before books were published on the “Tao” of leadership, our founder, Estée Lauder, wrote that success is based on the ability of leaders to break down barriers, share credit, bring humanity to their businesses and touch the personality in each person who works for them.
That is the work environment we cultivate, and it is the work environment that attracts and retains the best talent in the business. It is not enough, however, to be smart. We want employees who have a talent for teamwork and a commitment to the collective vision and standards of our company. As I travel around the world, I often think I can pick out our employees: They project a special sense of purpose and energy.
We work to recharge their batteries throughout their careers. Our employees regularly revitalize our business. They fuel our growth through continuous innovation in all brands and categories while we enjoy one of the highest employee retention rates in the industry.
OURS SHOULD BE AN ORGANIZATION WITH THE DISCIPLINE OF A PUBLIC COMPANY AND THE SOUL OF A FAMILY BUSINESS — WHERE EVERYONE IS FAMILY.
New product introductions like Advanced Night Repair Eye Recovery Complex, which helps repair and protect the appearance of the delicate skin around the eye, also replenish and protect our income stream. Such a product employs patented technologies, resulting from work done at our labs and elsewhere. And while our ads regularly feature exquisite faces, I would suggest that some of our most beautiful faces are those of employees from our R&D facility, pictured in this report.
Ours is a business in which manager, employee, customer and stockholder have reason for pride and trust, in which we truly bring out the best in everyone we touch.
Pride in our accomplishments as a shared legacy is a powerful motivator when it comes to meeting and exceeding present and future goals — particularly in tough times.
We thank you for continuing to trust us with your investment. We thank you for being part of the Lauder family. Sincerely,
Leonard A. Lauder Chairman of the Board
7
 