innovating for customer success

where information lives
For EMC, information is alive. It is active and changing, with a life that can span years, even decades, during which its value will fluctuate. To put information to productive use and harness its full power, organizations need to be able to store, protect, move, manage, archive, search, recover, share, access, and delete their information, on their schedule, exactly as they need to. EMC has the IT industry's deepest understanding of information. We know where information lives, how it lives, how to keep it alive, and how to make it perform.

A Message from Joe Tucci, President and Chief Executive Officer

In a world where access to information is vital to the success of every business, more businesses of every size and industry around the world are turning to a company that is innovating for their success. That company is EMC: where information lives. By focusing on information lifecycle management (ILM) and delivering best-of-breed, integrated technology solutions at the lowest total cost, EMC enables customers to get maximum value from their information assets. By focusing on virtual infrastructure, EMC subsidiary VMware enables customers to optimize their computing, network, and storage resources to simplify IT, control costs, and respond faster to changing business demands. Customers are embracing ILM because terabytes of data stored on disk arrays are growing at close to 70 percent a year, much faster than IT budgets are growing. And more customers are embracing EMC because EMC has put together the industry's best and most comprehensive lineup of systems, software, services, and solutions to align information resources with the business and optimize information infrastructure. What kind of innovation can customers expect from EMC? Enabling their existing staff to manage more information using automated policy-based controls. Richer services and solutions that increase ROI, reduce risk, and shorten time to implementation. More disk-based recovery for fewer disruptions to a business. Providing small and medium businesses and mid-size enterprises greater functionality with simplicity. More collaborative ways to use enterprise content and better manage the tremendous growth of e-mail attachments. More virtualized resources to optimize how these resources are provisioned and utilized. More product integration that is more valuable to customers than products working alone. In short, higher-level ILM that delivers more business value. By partnering with EMC, organizations team up with the market leader that is setting the agenda in storage, information management, and virtual infrastructure, expanding its customer base and strengthening alliances with other best-of-breed technology leaders, leading solutions providers, and global resellers. Since 2001, EMC has invested more than $3 billion in R&D and roughly $4 billion in strategic acquisitions to enrich its product portfolio, extend its technology leadership, and solidify its growing position as one of the world's indispensable providers of information technology. In 2005, EMC plans to invest nearly $1 billion more in R&D alone. EMC is at the center of information. And one overriding goal is at the center of EMC: innovating for customer success.

2

3

