Letter to Stockholders

To Our Stockholders
President and CEO Mike Ruettgers and Chairman Dick Egan stand amid a sea of Symmetrix Enterprise Storage systems at EMC's newest manufacturing facility in Franklin, Massachusetts. Opened in September 1998, the 715,000 square foot facility began shipping product less than 13 months after groundbreaking.

You've heard it countless times: "Don't put all your eggs in one basket." Call us unconventional, but we at EMC and thousands of our customers around the world don't agree. In fact, putting all your eggs in one basket is a smart thing to do, provided it's the right kind of basket-- intelligent enterprise storage made only by EMC.

3

...drive profitable

Our customers are using enterprise storage to:

- build an information infrastructure - create a single, integrated view of their business by country, customer, and brand - lengthen the business day, develop new services for customers, and enter new markets - implement enterprise application test strategies to speed time-to-market of new revenue-generating projects and ensure Year 2000 continuity - speed up product development and the deployment of e-commerce and other Internet applications - ensure business continuity - prepare for their company-wide rollout of Windows NT and Windows 2000.
This ability to put information to work to achieve the most aggressive goals is what we call The EMC Effect.

Another Record Year
Our financial performance in 1998 is proof of The EMC Effect. The results: In 1998, our revenues rose 35 percent over 1997 to $3.97 billion. Our software sales grew 152 percent to $445 million, making
EMC the world's fastest-growing major software com-

pany and contributing to the rise in our gross margin to
51.5 percent. Net income climbed 47 percent to $793

"Putting all your eggs in one basket" is all about information--deliberately moving it to the center of your business. EMC Enterprise Storage is the only technology that enables businesses to put all their information in one place, and then take clear, decisive action with it. Around the world and across all industries, thousands of EMC customers are investing in enterprise storage to drive profitable growth and globalization, lower their information management costs, raise their flexibility, and improve service to their customers.

million. On a diluted basis, earnings per share were
$1.49, up 43 percent from 1997.

Through the year, investors, analysts, and journalists took note of EMC's rising revenue and profit growth rates, market and technology leadership, and intense customer loyalty. Our stock price rose 210 percent during
1998, lifting our market value by $29 billion, to a year-

end market capitalization of $42.8 billion. Our stock growth made EMC the top performer among all S&P 500 companies on the New York Stock Exchange in 1998.

growth...

4

Stock Increase

The Boundless Need For Storage
Information rules the world today. So much so that the
$85.00

30,000%

need for storage is virtually boundless. The average global 2000 business manages more than 40 terabytes of online data in its data center. By 2001, we expect

25,000%

20,000%

that quantity to soar nearly eight-fold to 300 terabytes. An industry forecast from market research firm International Data Corporation shows storage (as mea-

15,000%

10,000%

sured in terabytes shipped) growing at a compounded
$.271 1990 1998

annual rate of 86 percent between 1998 and 2002, to
1.4 million terabytes. That's 12 times 1998's volume.

Stock
From January 1, 1990, through year-end 1998, EMC stock price increased 31,265 percent.

Most of this mushrooming information will be generated not by mainframes but by UNIX and especially Windows
NT and Windows 2000 systems.

Our leading share of the worldwide external storage market in 1998 increased to 35 percent, a 13-point lead over our nearest competitor, according to Dataquest. We are sustaining our leadership in the enterprise storage market by excelling in three key areas: products, distribution, and customer service. This foundation of excellence explains why EMC's customer satisfaction is above 98 percent and why our customer retention rate is above 99 percent. It also explains why many industry experts measure EMC's enterprise storage market leadership over competitors in years, not months. And why EMC -- much like Microsoft, Cisco, and Intel--is now viewed as a technology franchise company and builder of the information infrastructure for the digital economy.

Facing this data tidal wave, businesses are desperately seeking a management solution, one that won't require them to enlarge their information technology staffs.
EMC has the answer. We are extending the informa-

tion sharing, protection, and management benefits of enterprise storage to all of the digitized information in a corporation. How? By bringing the network to enterprise storage, creating a real network fabric between servers and storage. This specialized network is called the EMC Enterprise Storage Network, or ESN. With the EMC Enterprise Storage Network and our powerful suite of software and systems offerings, customers are now able for the first time to connect hundreds of servers with dozens of storage systems that may be kilometers apart. As a result, we are creating a

5

...increase

boundless storage environment while dramatically increasing data availability and decreasing the overall cost of storage. Over time, the ESN will fully automate the management of storage and hide all the complexity of protecting, sharing, and managing information.

We are confident in our ability to achieve this goal for four reasons: First, we have a long track record of consistent, predictable execution. For the last five years, we've delivered a 38 percent compound annual growth rate for revenue and a 44 percent compound annual growth

ESN: Enabling Universal Data Tone
Harnessing information simply, reliably, cost effectively, and automatically-- all of these are the hallmarks of enterprise storage. But we believe EMC Enterprise
Storage can do even more. The question: Why isn't data

rate for net income. Nothing demonstrates the crispness of our execution better than the fact that nearly 80 percent of our revenue in 1998 came from products introduced during the year.

as universally, reliably, and effortlessly available as electricity or a dial tone? The answer: It soon will be with the realization of EMC's vision, the Universal Data Tone. We want to give customers anywhere, anytime access to any information from anyone. And with our Enterprise Storage Network-- the key enabler for Universal Data Tone -- we're well along the road to making Universal Data Tone a reality.
76 20 177

Software Revenues
($ in millions) 445

The Road To $10 Billion
By extending the reach of enterprise storage and enabling Universal Data Tone through the EMC Enterprise Storage Network, EMC is expanding the storage universe. Accordingly, we see our target market, which was $10 billion in 1998, more than tripling to at least $35 billion in 2001. The growth in our global enterprise storage opportunity has led us to a new corporate growth goal--to reach $10 billion in sales by 2001.

95

96

97

98

Software
In late 1994, EMC began selling software separate from the software embedded in Symmetrix. Today, EMC is one of the fastest

growing software companies in the world. Leading software products include Symmetrix Remote Data Facility (4,000 licenses),
EMC TimeFinder (3,400 licenses), EMC PowerPath (2,000 licenses)

and Symmetrix Manager (12,000 licenses).

shareholder value...

6

Second, we operate from an unusually well-balanced business base. We are balanced by geography, by industry (no segment contributes more than 10 percent of our revenues), by platform (our storage systems operate in mainframe, UNIX, and Windows NT environments), by distribution (direct, resellers, systems integrators), by application, and by customer. Third, in an increasingly Internet-centered world, ready access to information is becoming much more important. Fortune magazine put it this way: "A company called EMC has tapped into one of the central truths of the computer age: Every time you hit `send,' buy a stock online, or click on an ad, you generate data that has to be put somewhere for safekeeping. Finding that space -- creating that space -- is crucial to the infotech revolution." Finally, we are aggressively building the power of our brand around the world. Early in 1999, we launched a new global advertising campaign that is communicating the distinctive value of the EMC brand and EMC

Enterprise Storage to a broad audience of senior business executives. The message: Only with The EMC Effect can organizations consolidate, harness, and raise the economic value of all of their critical information.

Building On 20 Years
In closing, 1999 marks EMC's 20th anniversary. Conventional wisdom might suggest we pause to celebrate all that we've accomplished, but we're not the kind of company to look back. We believe the opportunity still in front of us is far greater than anything we have encountered in our first two decades. Put simply, our business has never been stronger than it is today. Our prospects for the future have never been brighter. EMC Enterprise Storage has become the center of an expanding information universe. And organizations around the world know that they can safely and confidently put all their information eggs in
EMC's basket.

Richard J. Egan
Chairman of the Board

Michael C. Ruettgers
President and Chief Executive Officer

7

...execute with

