About EMC
Our mission is to help organizations of all sizes get the most value possible from their information and from their relationships with our company. We are a top-tier technology product company and the world leader in systems, software, services, and solutions for building and managing secure and flexible information infrastructures.

A Message from Joe Tucci, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
EMC has the privilege of working with innovative organizations around the world, in every industry, in the public and private sectors, of every size, from startups to the Fortune Global 500. However diverse their missions, they all seek to grow, to make their employees more productive, and, above all, to deliver what their customers and clients will truly value. We are in business to help our customers be more successful. We do this by focusing on the "I" in IT--information. We help customers maximize the value of their information assets, improve service levels, react quickly to changes, and protect their information from loss and unauthorized access. And we do so by providing intelligent, flexible, software-enabled information infrastructures. Our starting point is information lifecycle management (ILM), an IT strategy designed to help organizations get the most value possible from their information, for the lowest cost, at every point in the lifecycle of information. For the past three years, EMC has been helping customers put ILM into practice by providing the expertise, technology, and solutions they need to capture, store, manage, protect, secure, move, and archive digital information--and do this efficiently and effectively, with built-in intelligence and automated policies that trigger the right information management action. When organizations have an information infrastructure in place, they can bring their information together. When information comes together, they can more easily and securely share their information with employees, customers, and partners. And they can better understand and harness the true business value of all their information assets.

2

EMC's information infrastructures combine best-of-breed platforms, software, and services into high-value, low-risk ILM solutions that solve customers' information management challenges in several important areas: classification; consolidation; business continuity; backup, recovery, and archiving; compliance; and content management. ILM has already delivered so much benefit to organizations that it now ranks as the top information storage management strategy, according to TheInfoPro Survey of November 2005. Now EMC is advancing ILM to its next stage of value, from optimizing the environment for managing information within large individual applications like e-mail and databases to creating a unified approach to extracting, archiving, and accessing information across multiple applications. Along with advancing ILM, EMC is investing in new, game-changing technologies that not only bring more value to the way organizations manage their information, but also bring more value to the way they manage and optimize their IT infrastructures. One of these areas is "virtualization." EMC's offerings for virtualizing storage and file systems together with the offerings of VMware, an EMC subsidiary, for virtualizing x86 infrastructures collectively give EMC by far the strongest and broadest virtualization portfolio available. VMware's virtual infrastructure software enables organizations to simplify their IT resources, fully leverage their computing investments, and respond faster to changing business demands. Our new EMC® InvistaTM solution for virtualizing storage area networks and our RainfinityTM software for virtualizing network-attached storage are helping IT managers move, copy, and migrate their information with greater flexibility and without downtime. It's our belief that, in the future, nearly all information infrastructures, especially those in data centers, will be virtualized. A second game-changing technology is model-based resource management--helping customers to understand the relationships among the diverse resources in the information infrastructure, resulting in a very efficient and proactive way to manage them. To offer this technology, we are building on EMC's strengths in storage resource management, a market we created and continue to lead, and on our expertise in model-based management, which came to us with our 2005 acquisition of Smarts. EMC can now build a model that simulates a customer's complex IT environment and automatically pinpoints service-affecting problems, calculating the business impact of those problems in real time without human intervention. Model-based resource management will be the future of enterprise-class IT management. This year, we will once again invest significantly in R&D to stay ahead of competitors in innovation and to increase the value of our ILM solutions. Speaking on behalf of our more than 26,000 employees and a vast network of partners around the world, we are all striving to consistently exceed our customers' expectations for quality, service, innovation, and interaction. We are committed to delivering the best Total Customer Experience in the industry to help organizations manage and use information more easily and effectively to create a great future for their own customers.

3

