MIKE RUETTGERS

Executive Chairman of the Board

JOE TUCCI

President and Chief Executive Officer

Today the world will create the equivalent of eight million hours of motion picture images.Tomorrow, the equivalent of 160 million meters of shelved books.The next day, another 16 million gigabytes of new information will arrive. By next year, this daily volume will double and the following year it will quadruple, with no end in sight. This "Big Bang" of new content, nearly all of it "born" in digital form, will overwhelm some organizations but create huge opportunity for others. For example, it could cause a hospital's administrative costs to soar. Or it could transform the accuracy and speed of diagnostic medicine by putting a patient's entire medical history at a physician's fingertips within seconds.This explosion of content could inundate a bank that suddenly finds its volume of information too large to manage yet too valuable to ignore. Or it could be a powerful tool for farmers, helping them eliminate guesswork, improve yields, and boost profits.The key will be the ability to channel its energy. The new century will bring a new era of building businesses out of information. EMC is taking responsibility for helping companies
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

not simply prepare for the Content Big Bang, but channel it for greater productivity and decisive competitive advantage. We've already invested nearly six billion dollars and more than a decade of R&D to build the technological foundation to scale in tandem with the Content Big Bang. Over the next five years, we intend to dramatically increase this investment to help companies raise their ROI -- their Return on Information -- to new heights. As this report illustrates, this foresight, investment, and execution are paying off for EMC, our customers, and our stockholders. By every measure, 2000 was an extraordinary year for EMC. Our total consolidated revenues grew 32 percent to a record $8.87 billion. Our information storage revenues (which made up 93 percent of the total) grew at an accelerating pace each quarter: 34 percent in the first quarter, 43 percent in the second, 47 percent in the third, and 50 percent in the fourth -- our highest quarterly storage growth rate in nearly six years. Internationally, EMC's information storage revenues grew even faster, reaching 67 percent year-to-year growth in the fourth quarter.
AT THE CENTER OF BUSINESS

Overall, EMC is now growing faster than we did when we were half our current size. We exited the year 2000 on a $10 billion dollar annual run rate. And we're marching aggressively toward our 2001 annual revenue goal of $12 billion. Net income for 2000 was $1.78 billion, up 51 percent over 1999 (excluding a one-time charge for the acquisition of Data General in 1999). EMC's 20 percent return on sales is among the highest across the IT industry. On a diluted basis, our earnings per share were $0.79 for the year, compared with $0.54 for 1999, adjusted for the June 2, 2000 stock split and excluding the one-time charge in 1999. Customers are investing in EMC solutions in record numbers. The new information storage products we introduced in early 2000 accounted for half the year's total storage product revenues. EMC's momentum is also evident in our growing market share. According to independent market research firm International Data Corporation, in 2000, EMC was the number-one supplier in the information storage market, gaining significantly more revenue market share than any other supplier.

ACCELERATING INFORMATION STORAGE REVENUE

Year-over-year percent increase
50% 47% 43% 34%

Q1 00

Q2 00

Q3 00

Q4 00

Over the past decade, EMC's sales have soared.This performance has its roots in a culture of consistent execution and best practices.Our product generation and development model is so strong that the bigger we've gotten, the faster we've become.We focus our strategic thinking with a six-quarter rolling planning process that helps us to anticipate and react quickly to changes in our environment.We work to minimize the impact of economic shifts by operating a business that is balanced by technology platforms, distribution channels, product lines, market segments, geographic regions, and customers. EMC's best practices also extend to succession planning. In January 2001, our Board of Directors promoted Mike Ruettgers to Executive Chairman and Joe Tucci to President and CEO. As Executive Chairman,Mike remains fully engaged with EMC and is focusing even more of his attention on strategic business and technology directions. Joe continues to have overall responsibility for EMC's day-to-day operations and takes a seat on the Board. Our founder, Dick Egan, remains active as Founder and Chairman Emeritus.

AT THE CENTER OF THE CUSTOMER'S BUSINESS

EMC promises cus-

tomers that no matter how fast their marketplaces change, what new technologies emerge, or how much information they need to handle, we will be the world's best caretaker and enabler of all their information.We fulfill this promise through The EMC Offering,our phrase for every benefit customers experience when they do business with EMC. The EMC Offering begins with the world's leading information storage systems, software, networks, and services. It continues with access to the expertise of some 3,000 information storage engineers, 6,500 customer service professionals and professional services consultants, and 7,500 sales personnel and systems engineers -- all of them specialists in information storage. Through The EMC Offering, customers reap the benefits of the billions of dollars we've invested in R&D, our Centers of Excellence, our E-Lab interoperability testing facility, and scores of industry partnerships. Not to mention financing alternatives, technical blueprints, education, and training. Ultimately, it's customers who decide whether a company is at the center of their business. In October, InformationWeek surveyed

ACCELERATING INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION STORAGE REVENUE

Year-over-year percent increase

67% 59% 53%

36%

Q1 00

Q2 00

Q3 00

Q4 00

385 IT professionals responsible for purchasing storage products and asked them to rank the world's storage suppliers on the value they offer. EMC was ranked number one in product innovation,product reliability, after-sale service,service-level guarantees,and interoperability standards. EMC also was deemed overall customer satisfaction leader by a wide margin. As Research Director Carl Howe of Forrester Research told Forbes magazine,"EMC has the highest ratings we've ever seen -- in any customer survey, for any company, ever."
AT

Successful organizations now realize that where they keep their information is as important as where they keep their money. The "where" determines how well information can be used. Less and less of the world's information sits inside computers, while more and more now lives inside intelligent information storage systems. As a result, information storage has emerged as the most strategic information technology. The capacity to manage everexpanding amounts of information has become as essential as heat or
THE CENTER OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

electricity. Customers may postpone application and PC upgrades, but they can't easily control the onrushing wave of new information, or the need to store, move, manage, and access it. Independent market data confirm this trend.According to Gartner Group,storage industry hardware revenues will probably grow 22 percent a year through 2004, nearly four times as fast as servers and nearly three times as fast as network equipment. By the end of 2002, total spending on information storage will overtake spending on servers. Information has value only if it's accessible instantly, around the clock. So EMC constantly devises better, simpler, more costeffective ways to safeguard,preserve,move,copy,view,analyze,and manage information. In April 2000, we introduced a completely new line of our Symmetrix Enterprise Storage systems (our fifth generation) as well as new mid-tier CLARiiON systems and software built on a nine-year foundation of high availability and reliability. These networked information storage systems remove constraints on the speed and scale at which information can be gathered and leveraged. In December, we extended the reach of our information storage technology from the data center to the network's edge with

NETWORKED INFORMATION STORAGE REVENUE

Total 2000: $2.1B 372 percent year to year
$770

$567 $458 $323

Q1 00

Q2 00

Q3 00

Q4 00

(in millions)

more new networked information storage systems and software: EMC Celerra with HighRoad software and EMC CLARiiON IP4700 systems. In January 2001, we introduced EMC CLARiiON FC4700, the fifth generation of our CLARiiON networked storage system.The CLARiiON 4700 systems are code-named Chameleon because they are the first systems to handle either network attached storage ( NAS) or storage area network (SAN ) environments. EMC started the trend toward the networking of storage, and shipped more than $2 billion in networked information storage products during 2000. In information storage software, EMC has a multi-year lead over our competitors. Our software revenues grew 75 percent to $1.44 billion during 2000, making EMC one of the largest application software companies in the world. To extend this position, we intend to invest $750 million in software development in 2001 alone. And we will apply the combined engineering and product capital of the five software companies we acquired during 2000: Softworks,Terascape, Avalon, Digital Bitcasting, and CrosStor Software.

AT THE CENTER OF INFORMATION INFRASTRUCTURE

EMC invented true

open storage before our competitors even knew there would be a market for it. EMC invests heavily in interoperability so our customers don't have to. Our information storage systems are compatible with nearly every major information technology our customers use. In fact, EMC systems now interoperate with more than 250 server models, 40 operating systems, and more than 145 networking elements. EMC's open infrastructure allows any company in the world to engineer products that will seamlessly interface with EMC systems. This openness saves customers the burden of having to figure out what works with what. As a result, EMC's E-Infostructure Developers ProgramTM has become a magnet for third-party software developers, offering them the same software interfaces our own engineers use, and enabling partnering technology companies to pair with EMC's customers.To date,more than 65 partners have produced new applications that work seamlessly with EMC information storage systems. The same drive to create a universal information infrastructure shapes our alliances with other heavyweights of the IT industry.

NETWORKED INFORMATION STORAGE MARKET SHARE

Market Share

31%
2000 1999

Compaq

NetApp

Our work with Nortel and Lucent, for example, blends broadband technologies with EMC storage networking technology to create tomorrow's global "information grid" -- a way to make information around the world as instantly accessible as if it were within arm's reach. EMC information plants -- giant, self-managing information storage infrastructures that will speed large amounts of information safely over long distances -- will power this grid. In 2000, EMC, Cisco, and Oracle created an e-business technology initiative called ECOstructure, which has produced technical blueprints for designing and operating e-business infrastructures that are secure and remain in constant operation. Each week, hundreds of customers download these blueprints from our Web site.
AT THE CENTER OF THE INFORMATION SOCIETY

EMC

Sun

HP

Source: IDC, 2001

EMC's global market

opportunity was estimated to be about $44 billion in 2000.Yet we achieved our leading market position with only about a 20 percent revenue share. In 2005 we expect our market opportunity to exceed $100 billion.

This means EMC has tremendous headroom in a burgeoning market, because information is the solar energy of life. It's both indispensable and inexhaustible. It's the glue holding organizations together and the raw material for creating new products,services,processes,business models, and markets.Without shared information, there could be no commerce; no social organization; no education, entertainment, or culture, and no democracy. As the digitization of life continues apace, EMC is touching more and more of the information that touches people. Information is at the center of business. And only one business is at the center of information. EMC -- where information lives.

Michael C. Ruettgers Executive Chairman of the Board

Joseph M. Tucci President and Chief Executive Officer

