To Our Stockholders

In nature it's called the tsunami, a fast-moving wall of water that
can reach heights of 80 feet and crush everything in its path. In business and society it's called the information economy, a tidal wave of content in the form of e-mail, e-commerce, business applications, stock quotes, news, massive databases, video, voice, music, and more. Organizations can either ride the wave to prosperity or drown in its turbulence. Now more than ever, the determining factors are the strength, flexibility, and intelligence of their information infrastructures. EMC builds the most robust, secure, and trusted information storage infrastructure in the world. We call it the EMC E-Infostructure. Our customers, as you'll see in the profiles that follow this letter, call it "The rock--the foundation of my business." E-Infostructure ensures uninterrupted, round-the-clock access to absolutely all the information they need to prosper in the new economy. In fact, with E-Infostructure, global enterprises and dotcom companies not only stay online all the time, but make faster, smarter decisions. That, in turn, helps them build new products, new services, and even new businesses out of information.

Leading A Market With No Limits
The size of the information universe today is almost inconceivable. Just think of the one billion pages of information on the Web alone. Imagine how much larger the information universe will become, with corporate data doubling every year. Think of how essential rapid, reliable access to information is to an organization's competitiveness.

Richard J. Egan
Chairman of the Board

Michael C. Ruettgers
Chief Executive Officer

4

Think of the nearly boundless demand for an E-Infostructure that can manage and harness the data tidal wave. Then think of EMC as the caretaker of the world's information that touches each of our lives every day. Our customers do. They include 94 of the Fortune 100, 45 of the BusinessWeek 50, eight of the top 10 Internet Service Providers, 25 of the DAX 30, 66 of the FTSE 100, and Japan's top three Internet Service Providers. Taken together, these developments show EMC E-Infostructure emerging as the de facto standard for information infrastructure. We see a market opportunity for EMC with no apparent limits.

Record Results In 1999
EMC is known for transforming expanding market opportunities into rising profitable growth. 1999 was our most successful year. Our consolidated revenues (which include the operations of Data General, acquired by EMC in October 1999) grew 24 percent to $6.72 billion. Excluding one-time charges, our net income grew 50 percent to $1.18 billion--the first year our earnings exceeded one billion dollars. On a diluted basis, our earnings per share rose 47 percent to $1.07 (excluding charges). Central to our strong performance is EMC's broad portfolio of software for managing, protecting, and sharing information. In 1999, we shipped more than 10,000 software licenses. Our software sales grew 85 percent to $822 million. At this pace, EMC may well become one of the world's 10 largest software companies in 2000. During 1999, EMC E-Infostructure helped hundreds of key Internet companies ("e-tailers," business-to-business players, and service providers) outmaneuver their competition, deliver online services around the clock, and accelerate their growth. EMC E-Infostructure gives these organizations peace of mind. Many Internet companies want to tell the world that their e-business is built to last. For their benefit, we introduced the EMC Proven E-Infostructure Program in the fourth quarter of 1999. By joining this program, Internet companies can prove to their customers and shareholders that they've invested in a solid IT foundation (based on EMC Enterprise Storage) that will deliver the highest levels of information availability and scalability. In the first five months of the EMC Proven Program, nearly 80 companies have qualified and joined.

EMC E-Infostructure is the essential foundation for managing, sharing, and protecting absolutely all of the online information organizations need to prosper in the new economy

EMC--the caretaker of the world's information

5

Fast Forward To $12 Billion
EMC's linchpin role in the Internet and the networked information economy is so widely acknowledged that at year-end our market capitalization exceeded $100 billion for the first time in our history. Our market value more than doubled during 1999. And during the 1990s, EMC achieved the highest single-decade performance of any listed stock in the history of the New York Stock Exchange. We believe the opportunity in this new decade will be even greater than it was in the `90s, and we have revised our annual revenue goal upward by another $2 billion, to $12 billion in 2001. Increasing shareholder value is a perpetual priority at EMC. That's why we remain intensely focused on profitable growth. Our goal isn't simply to lead in the global storage market, but to define and extend it. Let's look at the three chief ways in which EMC is driving growth: market focus, market expansion, and consistent execution.

Investing $1.7 billion in R&D over the next two years

Growth Driver: Market Focus
EMC is intensely focused on storage. Nearly every dollar we invest, every engineer we hire, every acquisition we make is focused on information infrastructure. Over the next two years we plan to invest about $1.7 billion in R &D, 75 percent of which will be directed at software. We believe this R&D investment far exceeds that of any other storage systems provider. And we're matching it with a big expansion in human capital. By year-end 2000, we will have 2,000 dedicated storage engineers in our labs, a near doubling from the beginning of 1999. EMC's experience in creating storage software dwarfs that of all other companies. Most of our software is already in its fourth generation of refinement. We offer a broader software portfolio with richer functionality than anyone else. All this investment makes our information storage infrastructure increasingly valuable to customers.

Acquiring Data General significantly expanded our market

Growth Driver: Market Expansion
In 1999, we seized a major opportunity to enlarge our target market quickly and dramatically, while maintaining our concentration on storage: we acquired Data General Corporation, which expanded our addressable market significantly. Within three months of acquiring Data General, we fully integrated its CLARiiON storage line--as well as Data General's engineering, development, manufacturing, customer service, sales, and marketing functions--and established Data General's AViiON server business as a separate division of EMC. The EMC CLARiiON storage product line is the world's most advanced platform for distributed and midrange storage requirements. It's installed in

6

thousands of customer sites and is now an integral part of the EMC E-Infostructure. While our high-end Symmetrix family extends EMC's value outward from the data center, CLARiiON extends our value upward from distributed and decentralized environments. Now we can help customers consolidate and manage all their online information, wherever it may be located, from far-flung networked branch operations to the heart of their IT operation. In another market-expanding initiative, in January 2000, we acquired SOFTWORKS, Inc., a leading provider of storage resource management software.

Product Strength
When Fortune magazine polled senior business executives for its annual "Global Most Admired Companies" list, the three companies most admired for their "quality of products and services" were Intel, Procter & Gamble, and EMC. Outstanding product development is truly one of EMC's core competencies. We design all the integrated hardware, software, and services that form E-Infostructure to work in a world where everything connects to everything, especially information. We've achieved not simply physical connectivity, but also network, management, and application connectivity. As the inventor of open storage, we also direct enormous energy toward promoting and accelerating the adoption of industry standards, because standards make life easier for customers and expand EMC's market opportunity. EMC led the establishment of the FibreAlliance in early 1999 to help customers easily implement enterprise-class storage networks built from components supplied by a variety of vendors. That way, customers are free to choose best-of-breed suppliers. Today, there are more than 40 FibreAlliance members. In addition, we've made it easy for other software companies to write applications that work with an EMC E-Infostructure. Through the E-Infostructure Developers Program, we give our development partners access to the same software interfaces that our own engineers design to. As a result, developers are meshing their applications seamlessly with the very heart of our enterprise storage systems and software. Customers can draw on a wealth of third-party applications and integrate these applications into their storage infrastructures with ease. And EMC advances its position as the world's most flexible, open, and interoperable information infrastructure. EMC has built the world's most complete and inclusive information storage infrastructure--a universally compatible infrastructure, much like the Internet itself.

7

Distribution Strength
Another market-enlarging strength is distribution. EMC has the largest, most knowledgeable, focused, and productive storage sales force in the world. Our sales people are experts at articulating and demonstrating the business impact of EMC's technology: speeding time to market, minimizing IT and business risk, and improving operational efficiencies. Their skill at building and sustaining customer relationships brought EMC more than 1,000 new customers during 1999 and a customer retention rate that leads the industry. We expect this pattern to continue because of our ability to capitalize quickly on new market opportunities, as we've done with the Internet. In less than 18 months, EMChas become the information infrastructure standard for Internet companies.

The world's most complete and inclusive storage infrastructure

Service Strength
A third foundation of our market expansion is EMC global customer service. " EMC breaks customer service industry standards in the name of customer satisfaction," writes The Gartner Group. That's true. We structure customer service as an investment center, not a P&L center. It's built exclusively for customer satisfaction. Every one of our storage systems incorporates on-board diagnostics that automatically dial into our customer service centers around the world at the first sign of trouble. And EMC takes immediate responsibility for solving a customer's problem, even if it turns out that the problem was created by another vendor's product. The result: uninterrupted peak performance and reliability for our customers around the world. Every quarter EMC has an outside firm survey our customers to determine their level of satisfaction with our products and services. The latest surveys show that overall satisfaction with EMC products worldwide is 98 percent and that 98 percent of our customers are willing to recommend EMC to their colleagues and business associates. EMC's products, distribution, and service are an unbeatable combination. Add to these three core competencies another area where EMC excels: consistent execution.

EMC is where information lives

Growth Driver: Consistent Execution
The strongest point of differentiation in the EMCculture is execution-- consistent, precise, across-the-board execution. You can see proof of EMC's execution everywhere. It's evident in our smooth, seamless product transitions and in the speed with which we integrated Data General. You can see

8

it in our first-to-market track record in emerging markets and in our ability to shorten the sales cycle. To help keep our execution strong, in December EMC appointed Joseph M. Tucci to the newly created position of President and Chief Operating Officer. Joe, who directed the financial and operational rebirth of Wang Global during his tenure as Chairman and CEO, is overseeing much of EMC's day-to-day business operations while CEO Mike Ruettgers continues to be responsible for the overall strategic market and technology direction. We further enhanced our senior management depth by appointing Michael A. Ruffolo Executive Vice President, Global Sales, Services, and Marketing. Mike joined EMC from Xerox Corporation, where he was president of its fastest-growing business group, the Document Solutions Group. We believe the ultimate scale of the information universe is only partially visible today. This universe will continue to expand, perhaps indefinitely, as tens of millions more people move online, intuitive information access devices proliferate, major enterprises ramp up their Internet businesses, and the information economy permeates the world. There will be only one way to cope with this terabyte tsunami: intelligent, robust information storage infrastructure. Only EMC can build E-Infostructure. In fact, we make lasting infrastructure for all the information that organizations need to store, access, protect, and harness. Storage is now at the heart of every human activity that's enabled or enhanced by information. And EMC is where information lives. The opportunity ahead is unlimited. What a great time to be the world's preeminent enterprise storage company.

Richard J. Egan
Chairman of the Board

Michael C. Ruettgers
Chief Executive Officer

9

