Information Lifecycle Management: The Value to Customers, the Opportunity for EMC
A message from Joe Tucci, President and Chief Executive Officer CIOs have a tremendous challenge today. Information and compliance demands are growing faster than their budgets. They need to find better ways to manage and protect information, reduce cost and complexity, get the most out of their IT assets, and meet regulatory compliance requirements, while making information more accessible. EMC's answer is to become the ultimate information lifecycle management company ­ to help customers get the maximum value from their information, at the lowest total cost, at every point in the information lifecycle. EMC stands alone in the marketplace for having the specialized technologies and services that customers need to begin implementing an information lifecycle management strategy today. It starts with tiered networked storage. EMC continues to invest heavily in the industry's broadest lineup of tiered storage, from storage area networks (SAN) to network attached storage (NAS) and content addressed storage (CAS). EMC's full range of arrays with Fibre Channel and ATA drives allows customers to choose the right combination for performance, functionality and cost. Next, as customers move beyond traditional tape backup procedures to meet new recovery objectives dictated by business needs, EMC offers a choice of protection levels. The acquisition of LEGATO in 2003 allows EMC to blend backup software with storage array-based protection to better prevent data loss and increase availability. The value of information changes over time. Customers want the ability to migrate data dynamically across a range of platforms that deliver the right service level at the right cost at the right time. Both LEGATO and Documentum, another independent software provider that EMC acquired last year, expand the technologies we have to develop this capability. Documentum also helps fulfill the next step: managing the explosion in unstructured data ­ everything from check images and spreadsheets, to documents, emails, digital video, X-rays and Web content ­ that makes up the majority of all information created today. Documentum places this content into a common repository, where data can be tagged, checked in, checked out and moved dynamically throughout its lifecycle. Integrated management of information assets throughout the enterprise is essential for cost savings and improved productivity. This is where EMC ControlCenter software really shines, giving customers one easy way to manage it all. Over time, customers will demand software that makes it easier to move data and applications across a single pool of storage and server resources without interruptions to the business. That's why EMC acquired VMware, the leader in virtual infrastructure software for Intel-based systems. VMware software, like software from LEGATO and Documentum, remains open for our server partners to use and embed in their solutions. In addition to these best-of-breed products and technologies, EMC offers the storage services expertise to help customers tie it all together: everything from planning and design to implementation, ongoing management and support. And partnering with other technology leaders, independent software vendors, systems integrators and resellers adds more value to EMC solutions. Information lifecycle management is resonating with our customer base. It is where the industry is going. With our differentiated technology and services portfolio, EMC is leading the way.

