EMCOR GROUP, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2015

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Simply put, 2015 was a banner year for EMCOR-- one of our best ever. We achieved record revenues of $6.72 billion and record diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.72. We had strong cash flow from operations of $267 million and returned $104 million to shareholders through stock repurchases and another $21 million in dividends. We returned to organic revenue growth in 2015 led by our Mechanical Construction and Industrial Services segments but also had growth in the UK and our Building Services segment. 2015 was a great year, and we believe we have a strong foundation for more long-term success ahead.
This brings me to the core of our 2015 success--focused and skilled leadership supported by some of the best skilled tradespeople in the world. What we do matters to our customers as our work is critical in the construction and maintenance of their facilities. Whether it is the general contractor, construction manager or the building, industrial plant or critical facility owner, EMCOR serves as an essential partner to build, power, service and protect our customer's operations. In this age of sustainability, 24/7 on-demand operation, and instantaneous information flows, the mechanical, electrical, and industrial infrastructure we service and build is critical to our customers serving their customers. We have earned our customers' confidence and expect to continue to deliver for them. Recently, we received a great compliment from a very demanding customer. He stated that, "EMCOR is the gold standard in delivering construction and building services to us. You (EMCOR) execute well and are focused on results but really work hard to stay out of the limelight." We are experts at supporting customers because at our core we are a valuesdriven company. At EMCOR, we believe in "Mission First, People Always." We know we must accomplish results for our customers and partners by operating with Integrity, Discipline and Transparency. By fulfilling these obligations, we can provide our company with the resources to take care of and develop our people. If we don't deliver results, we cannot provide our employees with the opportunity to have successful and fulfilling careers with us. We take care of our people by fostering an environment of Mutual Respect, Teamwork and an unrelenting and uncompromising Commitment to Safety. I want to spend some time this year discussing our Commitment to Safety. At EMCOR, we believe that we must strive every day to create an environment of zero accidents. We believe that striving for zero accidents is the only way to develop the mindset that every detail matters and every task must be appropriately

7 6

planned. In short, we develop and execute our actions with safety at the forefront. We never compromise on safety training and we never short change an investment in the right equipment. Our employees must be able to perform their tasks in the safest manner possible. It is a way of life for us, and we know that every day we will be faced with more challenges to keep our people safe. What results have we achieved? Today we are working 20 percent more hours with more than 500 fewer injuries, for a TRIR rate of injury that is 63.5% lower than ten years ago. We believe this Commitment to Safety helps us attract the best people and also serves as a competitive advantage in winning and executing work. Looking forward, we start 2016 from a position of strength. We believe we have the best leadership in our markets. These leaders are driven by a simple set of values of "Mission First, People Always." Our leaders attract the best skilled tradespeople in the market because they create a safe, productive and efficient work environment. Our leaders look every day for opportunities to grow our business and increase the effectiveness of our services. To support our successful record of longterm value creation, we have a strong and liquid balance sheet that provides us with the opportunity to grow both organically and through acquisitions. We expect to

remain primarily a United States focused company with a strong facilities services business in the UK. We can grow not only through geographic expansion in the United States but also have the ability to continue to expand the breadth and diversity of our services to better serve our customers. As we pursue that growth, EMCOR will continue to be careful stewards of our cash flow and continue our balanced approach of not only growing our business through organic growth and acquisitions but also returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Following our record performance in 2015, we eagerly look forward to delivering continued value to you, our shareholders, in the years ahead. Thank you for your support, and we look forward to a safe and successful 2016.

8

Anthony J. Guzzi President and CEO

MISSIONFIRST PEOPLEALWAYS
INTEGRITY In everything we do. DISCIPLINEExecution with precision, efficiency, competence and p   rofessionalism. TRANSPARENCY Sharing information to  facilitate communication.

EMCOR Values

MUTUAL RESPECT  AND TRUST Treating people with dignity a  nd consideration and encouraging  openness and cooperation. COMMITMENT TO SAFETY Zero accidents. TEAMWORK Working together to develop and unleash o  ur full potential to achieve exceptional results  for our customers and shareholders.

