TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
The first half of fiscal 2008 was successful in transitioning EMCORE as we executed our strategy of growing both our fiber optics and solar photovoltaics businesses. As we announced early in our fiscal year, EMCORE's board of directors authorized a strategy to grow both operating segments through organic growth or strategic acquisitions so that they can each be independently profitable as stand alone operating businesses. Within our fiber optics business, we acquired the optics assets from Intel Corporation for Enterprise and Telecom applications, and successfully integrated them into EMCORE's existing infrastructure. The addition of these businesses made EMCORE one of the top fiber optics component and subsystem suppliers in the world with one of the most comprehensive and diversified product portfolios. As a result of this acquisition, combined with growth of our existing product lines, our revenue in this segment grew 55% sequentially and the loss from operations narrowed significantly. On the photovoltaics side of the business, fiscal 2008 marked the first year of commercial sales of our concentrated photovoltaics (CPV) products. Through superior product performance and customer support focus, we successfully developed a broad customer base for CPV components. EMCORE's turnkey CPV systems deployed in 2008 represent one of the largest installations in the world of such technology. As the performance and benefit of CPV systems continue to be demonstrated, we believe this technology will generate significant traction in future years. Not only did we replace solar revenue attributed to the termination of a government program, but also we managed to grow revenue within this operating segment sequentially by 15%. During fiscal 2008, we re-capitalized the Company's balance sheet through the conversion of our convertible debt, a private equity placement of $94 million to fund the acquisition and integration of the Intel Fiber Optics assets, and the partial sale of non-core securities in WorldWater and Solar Technologies. In the process, we were able to establish a new capability and capacity for CPV product manufacturing and successfully developed and launched our CPV systems business. During fiscal 2008, the Company achieved nearly 40% sequential growth compared to fiscal 2007.

Strategic Goals for 2009:
Despite these achievements, the economic environment in the second half of the year has created a very challenging time for our Company and the entire industry. It's expected that fiscal 2009 will continue to be a challenging year. Like many companies, we felt the sudden drop in demand throughout our business. Liquidity is clearly an important concern. The focus of the management team is to improve operations efficiency, reduce costs, and aggressively liquidate excess inventory. We continue to pursue the path towards a profitable separation of our two operating business segments. As an initial step towards that goal, EMCORE plans to conduct a private placement offering for a minority equity interest in our solar business. This capital raise is expected to assist the company with its liquidity requirements through this difficult economic environment as well as strengthen our competitive positions within each of the two business sectors. We are confident that the steps we are taking will help turn this economic crisis into an opportunity for the Company. We firmly believe that the activities initiated in the past year have uniquely positioned EMCORE for significant growth when the economic environment improves.
We thank you for your continued support.

Sincerely yours,

Reuben F. F Richards, Richards Jr. Jr
Executive Chairman, Chairman of the Board

Hong Hou, Ph.D.
Chief Executive Officer

Fiscal 2008 Financial Results and Other Events
The Company exited the fiscal year with $24 million in cash and no debt. However, the macroeconomic environment deteriorated sharply toward the latter part of the fiscal year. In addition to a significant goodwill write-off on our balance sheet related to acquisitions in our fiber optics business, the loss attributed to the launch of our CPV business was substantial. The Company has taken aggressive steps to control operational losses and drive profitability.

