To Our Shareholders:

2003 was a year of great transition and exciting new prospects for EMCORE, a year in which we focused on securing our position as a leading provider of compound semiconductor technologies for global communications, enabling the transport of voice, data and video over copper, hybrid fiber/coax (HFC), fiber, satellite and wireless communication networks. We continue to leverage our compound semiconductor expertise into higher value-added products including modules and subsystems, while focusing on highgrowth markets in which we have particular technological advantages. We completed three corporate acquisitions between December 2002 and October 2003, all of which had this goal in mind. As a result, EMCORE is now positioned as a key provider of compound semiconductor products in each of the following areas: Cable TV (CATV), Telecommunications, Data and Storage, Satellite Communications, Wireless Communications and Solid-state Lighting (through GELcore, our joint venture with General Electric).
Acquisitions and Dispositions

In December 2002, we purchased the assets of Alvesta Corporation, which expanded our fiber optic product line with additional parallel transceivers and transponders for Infiniband, Fibre channel and Gigabit Ethernet applications. This acquisition broadened EMCORE's existing 12-channel (15 to 40 Gbps) product line to include four-channel, 16-channel, and 24-channel duplex transceivers. Then in October 2003, we bought Molex's 10 Gigabit (10G) Ethernet transceiver business. Molex's 10G Ethernet transceiver product complements our internal capabilities and strategy for growing our fiber optics business and gives EMCORE a significant competitive advantage in cost and performance when combined with the internally produced compound semiconductor components. In examining growth opportunities for the Company, we felt that the market for MOCVD reactors was less likely to experience the growth rates presented by our communications-based product lines. Further, the strategic advantages in owning MOCVD production technology in today's market had become less significant. Accordingly, on November 3, 2003, we sold our TurboDisc division to a subsidiary of Veeco Instruments in an all-cash transaction valued at up to $80 million, in order to be in a position to focus all of our attention on our strategy of being a leading provider of compound semiconductor technologies for global communications. We did, however, retain significant intellectual property rights in the TurboDisc technology, and we will enjoy very favorable terms in any future purchases from TurboDisc.
Financial Results and Other Major Events

In January 2003, we acquired the west-coast optoelectronics business of Agere Systems, formerly Ortel Corporation, for $26.2 million in cash. This business unit, which now operates as the Ortel division of our fiber optics group, designs and manufactures high performance optoelectronic solutions that enable voice, video and data networks. Ortel's product offerings include 1310 nm and 1550 nm analog and digital lasers, DWDM lasers, transmitter engines, photodiodes, fiberto-the-premise, -business, -curb or -home (FTTx) components, wideband lasers and receivers, and optical links for long-haul antenna remoting. These products will enable EMCORE to have a broad presence in the CATV and Radio Frequency (RF) transport markets as well as the emerging FTTx market. We are extremely pleased with the success of the Ortel business, which has already contributed revenues of $23.6 million in the three quarters since the acquisition. We also made two smaller acquisitions in Fiscal 2003, both of which complement our competitive technological advantages in enterprise level switching specific to data center and central office networks. The expanded product portfolio enables Emcore to address the rapidly growing Enterprise market, including local area networks, wide area networks (WANs) and storage area networks (SANs). We expect year-over-year growth of approximately 30% in these areas over the next few years in conjunction with the rapidly growing Ethernet and Fibre Channel markets.

EMCORE's Fiscal 2003 was another difficult year in our industry, with business spending continuing at depressed levels. Nevertheless, we were able to increase our revenues 29% from Fiscal 2002, to a total of $113.1 million. At the same time, we continued to cut costs across all of our product lines, and these efforts have continued to help our bottom line, with our net loss decreasing 71% from Fiscal 2002 to $1.04 per fully diluted share. By the end of 2003, however, we were beginning to see strengthening in our target markets. With approximately $78 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand at December 31, an industry-leading product line, and exciting new products in the pipeline, we are well positioned to implement our corporate strategy and succeed across our product markets.

Fiber Optics

EMCORE's Fiber Optic division is in the process of changing the way data centers are interconnected. Currently, enterprise level networks are generally connected at 1G over copper wire. EMCORE's products will permit 10G connections over active optical cabling at cost-effective rates. For example, our Smartlink solution, introduced earlier this year, is the world's first copper/fiber compatible interconnection. In addition, our new 10G Ethernet transceivers permit customers to use existing fiber while upgrading the data transfer rates. In 2003, we introduced a number of other new products as well, all of which are aimed at providing cost-effective solutions to our customers. These new products were developed internally and/or through our acquisitions of Ortel, Alvesta and Molex, and include: the Avalanche Photodiode, a 1310 nanometer (nm) Distributed Feedback (DFB) laser diode; a 1310 nm Fabry-Perot (FP) laser diode; 4G and 10G 850nm VCSEL device solutions; a positive intrinsic negative (PIN) photodiode; 850 nm and 1310 nm Transmitter and Receiver Optical Sub-Assemblies; and 2.5 and 10 gigabit-per-second (Gb/s) FP and DFB laser diodes. We also introduced the MTX9512, a small form factor module compatible with SNAP12 multi-source agreement and the QTR3400, the only parallel optical module that is field interchangeable with copper solutions. Emcore will continue to leverage internally produced optoelectronics components to provide the most cost and performance competitive solutions in the module and subsystem markets.
Photovoltaics

Electronic Materials and Devices and High-Brightness (HB) LEDs.

Our Electronic Materials business increased its revenues every quarter in 2003, and with promising input from customers regarding demand for HBTs and pHEMTs, we expect a strong performance in Fiscal 2004. In addition, EMCORE continued to make progress in the development of wide-bandgap semiconductorbased high power, high frequency electronics under our contract from DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency). Finally, GELcore, our joint venture with General Electric, experienced another strong year, essentially breaking even in the third quarter and making a profit in the fourth. Revenues came both from its existing traffic signal business and from newer areas, including channel letters and interior displays and backlighting for automotive applications.
TurboDisc

As described above, we determined that the MOVCD equipment business did not present the same opportunities for future growth that we see in our other product lines. Accordingly, we sold our TurboDisc division in November 2003.

We are very grateful to our employees and shareholders for their continued support. We look forward to success in implementing our corporate strategy and to becoming a leading provider of compound semiconductor technologies for global communications. Sincerely yours,
Reuben F. Richards, Jr.
Chief Executive Officer and President

EMCORE Photovoltaics continues to be the premier provider of high-efficiency solar cells in the world. Our patent-protected 27.5% ATJM cells are the only space qualified solar cells available with an integrated monolithic diode, resulting in superior yields on panel laydown. Introduced in 2002, the ATJM cells are gaining increasingly broad customer acceptance. Revenues for the year totaled $18.2 million, as we continued to service existing customers, like Astrium, Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin, and the India Space Research Organization, and to win new contracts from new customers like Johns Hopkins University (Jet Propulsion Laboratory). Although the market for solar cells and panels continued to be weak in 2003, with only five commercial satellite programs having been awarded, we expect 2004 to be considerably stronger, with an anticipated 17 new commercial satellite programs. Accordingly, we focused during the year on strengthening our relationships with our existing customers, while making significant inroads with new customers, in order to win as many of these programs as possible.

Thomas J. Russell, Ph.D
Chairman of the Board

