TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Fiscal 2011 was a transitional year for the Company, both strategically and operationally. The year began with significant challenges when certain fiber optic products were discontinued as a result of an ITC ruling related to litigation with Avago. Despite that ruling, we successfully backfilled the revenue gap through new product introductions and customer expansion, and achieved 5% year-over-year revenue growth. In the Fiber Optics business segment, we developed and commenced volume production of several new products during the year. Our full-band QAM transmitters for HFC networks provide an innovative and cost-effective solution to increase transmission capacity while significantly reducing operating expenses for cable TV operators. We completed Telcordia qualification for our tunable XFP transceivers and transitioned into production in June 2011. We believe that we are now in an excellent position to address the premium market for replacing 300pin transponders with our higher performing products. We continue to believe that our design is one of the few in the industry that will succeed in addressing the $300 to $400 million market currently served by 300pin transponders. We also introduced the industry-leading 56 Gb/s FDR active optical cables and ramped to high-volume production within the same quarter. Concurrently, our external-cavity tunable laser business for the 40 and 100 Gb/s coherent transponders/linecards continues to expand rapidly and became the laser of choice as a result of its narrow linewidth, spectral purity, and high output power. In our Solar Photovoltaics business segment, the Company continues to increase its market share within the space photovoltaics market, achieving another record revenue year. The satellite solar power market remains strong and we are recognized as a leading supplier of solar cells and solar panels for spacecraft power applications. Our new product platform, centered around the inverted-metamorphic multi-junction (IMM) design, has demonstrated a significant lead in the industry and is expected to provide an enabling solution to several large government programs. We believe this will establish a strong technology platform to grow our photovoltaics business in the future. The Company also continues to expand its business into government classified and "Trusted Supplier" programs. Within our terrestrial concentrator photovoltaics (CPV) business, our joint venture, Suncore Photovoltaics, has completed its facility build-out, which has production capacity of 200 megawatts per annum. Suncore is expected to commence full production for their newly-secured 50-megawatt solar utility project in China by March 2012. We will continue to support Suncore in its manufacturing ramp, cost-reduction efforts, system deployments, and business growth in China. In parallel, EMCORE is continuing to develop its next generation CPV system platform. Although we felt very optimistic about our business outlook and timeline for profitability by mid-2012, the recent flooding in Thailand impacted that plan and forced us to reset our priorities and expectations. In October 2011, the flood waters in Thailand infiltrated the manufacturing floor space of the Company's primary contract manufacturer located just outside of Bangkok. Production equipment was submerged in several feet of flood water for more than a month. As a result, the manufacturing infrastructure that supports approximately 50% of our Fiber Optics segment revenue was damaged. This had a significant impact on our operations and our ability to meet customer demand for fiber optics products. The management of the Company began establishing a recovery plan immediately. We implemented a variety of cost-reduction measures to reduce cash consumption. Concurrently, we worked closely with insurance carriers, banks, customers and business partners to obtain funding for the required capital expenditures to restore operations. We amended our line of credit agreement with our bank to improve the Company's liquidity. We worked with our manufacturing partner to put in place a payment

plan for outstanding liabilities and place purchase orders for long-lead equipment required to rebuild the impacted production lines. Additionally, we obtained long-term purchase commitments from our customers with a portion of cash in the form of pre-payments. While rebuilding the impacted production lines, we focused on the fastest path of recovery and examined strategies to better configure the equipment for efficiency, cost structure, and future diversification. As a result, we firmly believe that we turned this crisis into an opportunity and expect to recover our production capacity before the end of June 2012. Crises of this magnitude are true tests of the fundamental strength of our business and product technology. While we are working on the rebuild plan, we have set a clear strategy to focus the Company moving forward. From the corporate perspective, we intend to continue to own and operate the Solar and Fiber Optics businesses so we can leverage our corporate infrastructure over a larger revenue base. We believe that this allows us to drive our core competencies and infrastructure in the areas of compoundsemiconductor materials, devices and integrated products enabled by these technologies. Furthermore, this combined portfolio addresses different market applications, thus providing the Company diversification in the current highly cyclical economic environment. In the Fiber Optics business segment, we will re-align the current Fiber Optics product portfolio and focus on business areas where we believe we have strong technology differentiation and growth opportunities. Concurrently, we will exit the technology and product areas where we are not in a leading position or our products are approaching the end of their life cycles. For our Solar CPV business, we will focus on expanding our customer base for CPV solar cells and developing new opportunities for rooftop CPV systems. In parallel, we will support our CPV joint venture, Suncore, for production ramp and technology advancement. The success in deployment and operations of utility scale CPV solar farms and the significant reduction in CPV module costs through Suncore will strengthen the Company's position in domestic CPV project development in the future. For Space Photovoltaics, we intend to aggressively develop business opportunities for government and defense applications by leveraging current business relationships and infrastructure. We are confident that we have a solid action plan in place to rebuild our impacted business, and we expect to come out of this disaster a stronger company. Furthermore, we expect that the products we have introduced over the last couple of years, combined with new products in the pipeline, will drive significant growth when our fulfillment infrastructure has been restored. Overall, we are optimistic about our current position and our strategic plans going forward. On behalf of EMCORE's management team and board of directors, I would like to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers, and employees for their continued support, and I look forward to updating you on our progress as we execute upon the opportunities before us. We believe that 2012 will be a very exciting year for EMCORE. Respectfully,

Hong Q. Hou Chief Executive Officer

