TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Fiscal year 2012 was a very challenging year, and yet, it was also a transformative year, as the Company completed a strategic realignment. We successfully navigated through some very stormy waters and emerged with a clear vision of the future. We started fiscal 2012 with a sound business plan to significantly improve our financial performance. However, flood waters infiltrated the offices and manufacturing floor space of our primary contract manufacturer in Thailand in October 2011. Our assembly and test equipment used to manufacture our fiber optic products were submerged in several feet of water. As a result, the manufacturing infrastructure that supports approximately 50% of our Fiber Optics segment revenue was damaged. This damage had a significant impact on our operations and our ability to meet customer demand for our fiber optics products. The immediate capital needs to support equipment and inventory material purchases to rebuild our production lines and the delay in receipt of insurance proceeds put pressure on the Company's working capital. We worked with our key contract manufacturer, Fabrinet, our lender, Wells Fargo, and customers of our Telecom products, and obtained their strong support. We also implemented pay cuts and reduced discretionary spending to limit cash disbursements. These initiatives were essential to our success in rebuilding our production infrastructure. Over the past year, we undertook a critical review of our business units. We discontinued several money losing product lines with small and declining revenue. As part of this review, we also decided to divest certain product lines, which were losing money and needed significant investment to improve their competitive position. Accordingly, we negotiated and successfully sold our Enterprise Fiber Optics business to Sumitomo Electric Device Innovations USA and consolidated our terrestrial Concentrator Photovoltaics (CPV) business into our joint venture, Suncore Photovoltaics. The completion of this business restructuring allows the Company to more effectively focus its business portfolio on areas where our technology and product solutions have strong differentiation. I am very excited about our current business portfolio: a combination of solid sustaining businesses and high growth areas embedded with the most-sought-after technology. In coordination with this business restructuring, we also completed a management restructuring and realigned management responsibilities. This realignment will lead to a substantial reduction in corporate overhead expenses. During fiscal year 2012, we also concluded several litigation matters, including settlement of a patent-related lawsuit and dismissal of both our class action and derivative lawsuits. In addition, our efforts to improve our internal control and accounting processes have led to timely financial reporting. As a result, the Company's risk profile has improved significantly. During fiscal year 2012, we also settled insurance claims with our contract manufacturer related to the flood damage. In addition to the $9 million of cash we received in fiscal 2012, we expect additional cash payments and substantial reductions in certain payment obligations. This will greatly improve our balance sheet. In recent months we have conducted an in-depth review of the competitive strengths and growth opportunities for all of our product lines. We have identified some great opportunities and are formulating a clear strategy and 3-year business plan to capitalize on them. I feel that we enter fiscal year 2013 with

January 25, 2013
ample opportunities for sustainable growth and improved profitability. We are very excited about our future prospects. From the corporate perspective, operating the Solar Photovoltaics and Fiber Optics businesses leverages our corporate infrastructure over a larger revenue base. We believe that this allows us to drive our core competencies and infrastructure in the areas of compound-semiconductor materials, devices and integrated products enabled by these technologies. Furthermore, this combined portfolio addresses different market applications, thus providing diversification in this highly cyclical economic environment. In the Fiber Optics business segment, we will continue to capitalize on our leadership position as a component supplier of 40/100 gigabit/second coherent transmission systems. We intend to stay ahead of the competition by continuing to maintain a performance and time-to-market advantage, and by expanding our product offerings for the same applications. We also plan to continue to lead the broadband industry with technology solutions to drive new infrastructure deployments and upgrades. In addition, we will continue to support traditional areas of strength for the Company, while expanding new emerging technologies and businesses, such as video transport equipment and fiber optic gyro components, which have been delivering healthy margins. In the Space Photovoltaics business segment in fiscal 2012, we enhanced our infrastructure and capabilities to expand our business opportunities in the government and defense industries. Recent initiatives have further improved our ability to expand this business internationally. Overall, we are optimistic about our current position and our strategic plans going forward for the Space Photovoltaics business. In summary, now that we have completed our strategic and management realignment and have recovered our Fiber Optics product lines from the devastating flood, the future is looking bright. We are very excited about our current product portfolio that focuses on providing enabling and disruptive technical solutions in selected areas of fiber optic communications and solar photovoltaics. By leveraging our compound semiconductor material and device expertise, we believe that EMCORE is a leading supplier in its key product lines, which have significant opportunities to expand our business. With the Company's focused business scope and more streamlined operations, we have a clear path toward improved financial performance in the near future. EMCORE management is committed to driving its business to achieve profitability. On behalf of EMCORE's management team and board of directors, I would like to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers, and employees for their continued support and I look forward to updating you on our progress as we move forward with our plans. We believe that 2013 will be a very exciting year for EMCORE. Respectfully,

Hong Q. Hou Chief Executive Officer

