TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Fiscal 2009 was one of the most challenging years in the history of the Company as we entered the year with the world economy in a very difficult and uncertain condition. After experiencing strong quarter-over-quarter revenue growth in the prior fiscal year, the demand for our telecom and 10 gigabit Ethernet products dropped abruptly in the first half of Fiscal 2009. As a result, we were left with a significant amount of excess inventory and purchase commitments in our Fiber Optics business. This created a huge liquidity challenge for us early in the year, leading to a Companywide effort to monetize inventory and reduce costs. Although painful to implement, we moved relatively quickly to align our cost structure with a lower revenue base through a variety of measures including headcount reductions, temporary salary reductions, elimination of employee bonuses, reduction of capital expenditures, monetization of several non-core assets and other discretionary spending initiatives. As a result of these cost containment measures and a greater emphasis on managing our working capital, we were able to generate positive cash flow from operations for the second half of Fiscal 2009. These experiences, while often unpleasant, forced the Company to develop strong fiscal discipline and individual accountability throughout the organization. As a result, we feel that the Company is now extremely well positioned to manage in good times and in bad, and we are now looking forward to managing the growth of our businesses, instead of fighting for the Company's survival. Our Fiber Optics business bottomed out in the June quarter and since then, we have seen significant improvements in the overall business climate and the operating performance of the business. Over the last several quarters, order backlog, revenues and margins have improved in most of our Fiber Optics product lines, while we continue to aggressively invest in new products, such as the tunable XFP for telecom transmission. Despite the tough economic environment that we faced last year, our Space Photovoltaics business experienced an increase in revenue on a year-over-year basis and achieved solid profitability due to improvements in product pricing, and engineering and manufacturing processes. In calendar 2009, we booked over $120 million in new orders and purchase commitments for satellite solar power products, with options totaling an additional $33 million that may be fulfilled over the next three years. We are extremely proud of our technology heritage and outstanding reliability record in this business that has supported over 70 spacecraft, all of which have been operating in orbit with zero failures. We believe that profitability of our Space Photovoltaics business is sustainable and that our market position will continue to strengthen. Respectfully, Due to significant differences in the industry dynamics, operating strategies, and capital requirements of our Fiber Optics and Photovoltaics businesses along with limited operational synergies, EMCORE's board of directors and management believe that our shareholders would be better served if these businesses were operated as two separate business entities. This objective was put into motion and announced publicly more than two years ago and since then, management has been aggressively pursuing a path towards the separation of these two businesses. On February 3, 2010, we announced that the Company had entered into a share purchase agreement to sell a majority interest in our Fiber Optics business to, and create a joint venture with, Tangshan Caofeidian Investment Corporation (TCIC), a regional Chinese government-owned investment fund that is focused on developing a high-tech industry in the Caofeidian Industry Zone, Tangshan City, Hebei Province of China. This agreement provides for TCIC to purchase a 60% interest in the majority of the Fiber Optics business that includes the telecom, enterprise, cable TV (CATV), fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP), and video transport product lines for approximately On behalf of EMCORE's management team and board of directors, we would like to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers, and employees for your continued support and we look forward to updating you on our progress as we execute on the opportunities before us. The consummation of this transaction will result in the completion of the separation of the Fiber Optics and Photovoltaic businesses and effectively recapitalizes both businesses. We believe that this structure also provides a relatively seamless transition for our customers, suppliers, and employees. EMCORE intends to utilize the cash proceeds from the closing of this transaction to support the growth of our Space and Terrestrial Photovoltaics businesses as well as the growth of the Specialty Photonics and Satcom businesses. This transaction will create two well-capitalized, industryleading companies and will provide management with the bandwidth and capital resources necessary to focus on successfully growing each of these businesses. This transaction is subject to both parties securing government approvals and we expect to close the transaction within the next several months. $27.8 million in cash. Furthermore, the joint venture has secured $30 million in funding to support the on-going operations. EMCORE will retain ownership of the Specialty Photonics and Satcom fiber optics product lines.

Strategic Objectives for 2010:
The near-term objective of the management team is to focus on bringing the pending transaction of the Fiber Optics joint venture to closure while continuing to drive growth and profitability improvement for both businesses. Upon completion of the transaction, EMCORE will become an almost pure-play vertically integrated solar photovoltaics company with three primary product areas: Space solar cells and panels, Terrestrial Concentrator Photovoltaics (CPV) products, and Specialty Photonics and Satcom products. Post transaction, we expect that the annualized revenue run rate for these product lines will be approximately $100 million and that the Company will be cash flow positive on a consolidated basis. The combination of a substantially improved balance sheet, a business generating positive cash flow from operations, and the potential upside from eventually monetizing all or a portion of our Fiber Optics joint venture equity interest provides the remaining EMCORE Corporation with the financial resources necessary to facilitate our long-term growth opportunities. In addition to the financial benefits, this transaction will also enable EMCORE management to better focus on executing on the numerous growth opportunities that exist in our Space and Terrestrial Photovoltaics and Specialty Photonics and Satcom businesses.

Hong Q. Hou Chief Executive Officer Director

Reuben R b F F. Ri Richards, h d Jr. J Executive Chairman Chairman of the Board

