TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Fiscal 2007 was a successful and productive growth year for Emcore.
Having successfully achieved the goal set in 2006 of realigning the Company's business to focus on markets representing the highest return to shareholders, the Company achieved approximately 20% year-over-year revenue growth in fiscal year 2007. We experienced significant growth in the Company's Broadband Fiber Optics and Solar Photovoltaics business units. Despite a very challenging business environment in the datacom and telecom markets, the restructuring made within our Datacom/Telecom Fiber Optics business unit yielded a significant rebound in the second half of the year. This momentum continues to extend into 2008.

Strategic Goals for 2007:
It has long been the strategic objective of the Company's Board of Directors and Management team to scale both the Fiber Optics and Solar Photovoltaics businesses to increase their competitive presence within their respective industries. It is very important to capitalize on the Company's industry leading technology and capabilities to enter new markets and create value for shareholders. We have recently taken significant steps in that direction by acquiring Intel's Telecom Optical Platform division, eliminating the Company's debt and moving forward with reducing expenses and improving profitability. Our goals for 2008 are to continue

During the year, the Company made significant progress towards achieving its positive EPS profitability target by fiscal year end 2008. Within the Fiber Optics business units, we consolidated our design and production sites to 3 main operation centers, reducing operating expenses by approximately $9 million compared to the prior year. We established a low-cost manufacturing operation in China and successfully transferred several cost sensitive products to this EMCORE-owned manufacturing facility. As a result of this transfer, gross margins are expected to improve 5-8% for each product line transferred. Furthermore, the Company successfully developed and

to scale both the Fiber Optics and Solar Photovoltaics businesses, achieve the profitability goals by mid 2008, and add capacity to the Solar Photovoltaics business to address both the existing and emerging business opportunities. When both Fiber Optics and Solar Photovoltaics are scaled to a level where they can operate profitably on a standalone basis, the Company's Board of Directors will consider its options in maximizing shareholder value by separating these two businesses through an IPO of the Solar Photovoltaics business.

transferred into production an industry-leading and cost-competitive terrestrial solar power receiver module, as well as a complete solar power array system. The success of these new product lines generated close to $100 million in shippable backlog for CY2008, in addition to several multi-year supply contracts within the terrestrial component and systems businesses.

We are well positioned within our core markets to continue revenue and profitability expansion, and we have the discipline to achieve all of the Company's goals set for 2008.

Sincerely yours,

Fiscal 2007 Financial Results and Other Events:
The site consolidation and production transfer to EMCORE's China operation has resulted in quarter-over-quarter gross margin improvements as well as a significant reduction in operating expenses. We now have a more competitive and sustainable cost structure that will contribute towards achieving our profitability goals in 2008. The Company's total backlog grew from $48 million in 2006 to $149 million at fiscal year-end 2007, leading the way to a seventh consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth. Finally, in 2007 we concluded a review of all stock options found to be non-compliant with prevailing accounting regulations and took the appropriate non-cash charges. Entering fiscal year 2008, the expenses related to this review are now almost entirely concluded.

Thomas Russell, Ph.D. Chairman

Reuben F. Richards, Jr. CEO and Director

