TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Fiscal 2006 was a successful and productive growth year for EMCORE.

iscal 2006 was a year that the Company successfully realigned its businesses to focus on those markets that represented the best returns to Shareholders in terms of sustained growth and profitability. The new business scope includes our Broadband fiber-optic components and subsystems, 10G Ethernet and Telecom transceivers, and Photovoltaics product lines for space and terrestrial solar power that represent substantial additional growth. Our current focused business scope positions the Company in markets where its technology is dominant.

the time. The review was completed in 2007 and the Company recorded the appropriate non-cash charges over the affected financial reporting periods.

Strategic Goals for 2007: Our primary objectives for the coming year are to position the Company to achieve positive earnings per share by 2008. This will be achieved by consolidating operations, improving gross margins by transferring products to the EMCORE China facility in 2007, extending the Company's leading satellite photovoltaic

During the year, we re-capitalized the Company's balance sheet through the sale of non-core assets, including the Company's Electronic Materials and Device division, and our interest in GELcore, our Joint Venture in Solid State Lighting with General Electric. In the process, we were able to deploy this capital by successfully launching a new division, EMCORE Solar Power, to develop and market terrestrial solar systems using the Company's industry leading Gallium Arsenide-based triple junction solar cells. We expect the products designed for the terrestrial solar markets to begin generating revenue in 2007 with significant growth in 2008 and 2009.

technologies to terrestrial power markets, and continuing our successful growth in the Broadband and 10G Data/Telecom product lines.

We are well positioned in each of our core product markets and foresee a continued improvement in our competitive position across all segments. We have clear objectives and the operational discipline to achieve these objectives in the coming year.

Sincerely yours,

Fiscal 2006 Financial Results and Other Events: During 2006, the Company exceeded its revenue expectations by growing the business 24% year-over-year from continuing operations and more than doubling backlog to over $100 million by the end of the year. The Company's balance sheet at the year-end included $124 million in cash from the sale of non-core assets. During the year, management initiated a review of historical stock option granting processes, some of which were found not to comply with prevailing accounting regulations at Thomas Russell, Ph.D Chairman Reuben F. Richards, Jr. CEO and Director

