TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Fiscal 2010 was a productive year for the Company both strategically and operationally. We made a number of structural improvements in our business and strengthened the position of our products in their respective markets. In our Solar Photovoltaics business segment, we were excited to establish a joint venture to commercialize our Gen-III CPV (concentrated photovoltaics) products and to penetrate the emerging solar power market in China. This strategic partnership not only provided the capital needed to launch this business, but also allowed the Company to focus on its core competency ­ aggressive product and business development. On the fiber side, we have updated our strategy in our Fiber Optics segment to invest in the product areas where significant future growth resides, while shepherding some legacy products to the end of their life cycles. We set a clear path through these efforts in 2010, which will enable us to continue to grow in 2011 by improving our market share in existing markets, as well as launching into new markets. Our competitive position in every product line improved substantially in 2010. Despite significant investments in our businesses, we exited the year with positive cash flow, reduced liabilities, and much improved liquidity. EMCORE's Fiber Optics business segment experienced robust growth and significant improvement in gross profit over the prior year. The Broadband Fiber Optics division enjoyed substantial growth driven by ongoing infrastructure upgrades by cable TV providers to accommodate the growing demand for digital services, such as high-definition channels, video on demand, voice-over IP and high-speed internet access. By using full-band quadrature amplitude modulation transmitters to increase cable TV signal transmission capacity, EMCORE's innovative technical solution enables cable TV operators to support this growing demand for increased bandwidth, while significantly reducing their operating expenses. In addition, our vertically integrated product structure, from laser and detector chips to transmitter subsystems, has positioned us as the leading supplier of the key components and subsystems used in cable TV signal transmission because our internal laser supply not only lowers product costs, but also shortens the time-to-market. Moreover, within our Specialty Photonics division, several key enabling technologies, such as integrated radiofrequency and microwave links, fiber-optic gyros and terahertz spectrometers, are gaining traction in key markets and could provide substantial contributions to EMCORE's growth in the years to come. Within our Telecom Fiber Optics product line, our quarterly revenue nearly doubled during fiscal 2010, primarily driven by the tunable laser and ITLA sales for 40 and 100 Gb/s applications. Narrow linewidth, spectral purity, and high output power, are just some of the features that have made our full-band tunable external-cavity lasers the lasers of choice for the 40 Gb/s market. Looking forward, our Tunable XFP transceiver line offers strong growth potential. This product, enabled by our patented ClearLightTM external-cavity laser platform, delivers equivalent performance of 300-pin tunable transponders and is expected to replace well-established 10 Gb/s applications with a smaller form factor and reduced power consumption. Today, we are only shipping the Tunable XFP transceiver in small volume to tier-one telecom customers, but we are in the process of considerably ramping up capacity and expect to ship these products in significantly higher volumes by the second half of calendar 2011. In addition, through the introduction of new products, the Telecom division is expected to substantially improve its position with customers. Within our Enterprise Fiber Optics product line, we continue to expand and advance our product offerings. We made tremendous progress in developing parallel-optic transceiver modules and active cables products in 2010, and expect to introduce several products with aggregated bandwidth from 50 to 150 Gb/s in 2011. The financial performance of our Solar Photovoltaics business segment improved dramatically over the prior fiscal year, delivering revenue growth of 12% and a significant improvement in gross profit. These improvements resulted from market share gains in our space solar business, combined with cost reductions related to engineering improvements and supply chain management. Our Space Photovoltaics business ended the fiscal year with record revenue levels. The satellite photovoltaics market remains strong, and we are recognized as a leading supplier of solar cells and solar panels for use in spacecrafts. We are the primary supplier to three out of the four major aerospace companies in the U.S., and have powered nearly 80 spacecrafts to date. The superior performance of our solar cell products has been a key enabler for many new interplanetary missions. We continue to be proud of our record for innovation and outstanding reliability in this business, as validated by the numerous industry supplier excellence awards we have received in the last year. Going forward, we are looking to use our experience and proven track record to expand into the government defense sector, which would provide us with a significant new growth opportunity for this business. In order to accelerate the commercialization of our technology-leading Gen-III concentrator photovoltaics (CPV) products, in 2010 we successfully negotiated and established a joint venture, Suncore Photovoltaics Co., Ltd., with San'an Optoelectronics Co., Ltd. Suncore is building a manufacturing facility with a capacity of up to 200 megawatts in Huainan, China. We expect Suncore to be in production by the second half of calendar year 2011. Suncore is expected to develop significant business in the emerging Chinese renewable energy market. With the cash contributions and working capital loans from its shareholders, as well as land and cash grants and the various incentives and subsidies provided by the city of Huainan, we believe that Suncore will have the necessary resources to establish a state-of-the-art high-volume, low-cost manufacturing facility for CPV systems. Furthermore, with Suncore taking on the task of manufacturing, as well as business development in the China market, EMCORE is poised to focus its efforts on development of nextgeneration CPV products and solar business development activities in North America, Europe, and other regions of the world. In summary, we made tremendous progress in 2010, paving a clear path to business growth and profitability improvements. EMCORE's Space Photovoltaics and Broadband Fiber Optics divisions are market leaders that have generated positive cash flow, which we can invest in other areas of our business where the Company has significant near-term and long-term growth opportunities. Through the introduction of new products, we plan to upgrade our Telecom/Enterprise product portfolio to achieve increased sales and improved gross margins. As for our terrestrial CPV business, we are ramping up to secure new project opportunities with competitively-priced products manufactured by our joint venture in China. Terrestrial solar opportunities are also expected to add to our revenue over the next two years. On behalf of EMCORE's management team and board of directors, I would like to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers, and employees for your continued support, and I look forward to updating you on our progress as we execute on the opportunities before us. We believe that 2011 will be an exciting and productive year for EMCORE. Respectfully,

Hong Q. Hou Chief Executive Officer

Reuben F. Richards, Jr. Executive Chairman Chairman of the Board

