 Dear Stockholders,
This past year was truly a defining year for the company as we reached new highs in our financial performance, and with the successful acquisition of Solutia, we furthered our transition to a leading specialty chemical company.
We continued to build on our track record of delivering consistent, superior value with 2012 earnings of $5.38 per share. This marks our third consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth, a record on which we intend to keep building.
During the year, we demonstrated financial strength and discipline by generating $1.1 billion in cash from operating earnings. With this strong cash generation, we were able to invest in the continued growth of our company, including the payment of the cash portion of the Solutia acquisition and repaying $250 million of the $1.2 billion Solutia acquisition term loan.
Beyond our financial performance, we continued to focus on the future as we took actions that should benefit the company in the coming years. In 2012, we completed capacity expansions in several major product lines to address the needs of our customers in growing markets, such as transportation and building and construction. Examples include:
•The capacity increase for our Saflex® PVB sheet adhesive interlayers for glass at our manufacturing site in Belgium. This product offers enhanced acoustic performance to reduce noise in vehicles, as well as other preferred properties.
•The completion of the first phase of the retrofit of a manufacturing asset we acquired from Sterling Chemicals to produce our proprietary Eastman 168® non-phthalate plasticizer in response to the continued market shift from plasticizers with phthalates.
•The startup of additional manufacturing capacity for our Eastman Tritan® copolyester. In 2012, volume for this product increased almost 25 percent as it penetrates the medical and durable goods markets with its superior value proposition.
We made progress on additional global manufacturing capacity expansions, such as the acetate tow joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation, which is scheduled to be completed in 2013. We announced a joint venture with Sinopec
Yangzi Petrochemical Company Limited to produce Regalite® hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins, which we expect to be
operational in 2014. Both of these world-scale facilities will service the growing markets in China and are supported by long-term supply agreements with key customers. We also plan additional capacity in 2014 of our premier Therminol® heat transfer fluid.
These actions, together with our recent financial performance and strong portfolio of specialty businesses and products, give me confidence that we can continue delivering consistent, superior value for years to come. Your Board of Directors shares this confidence and in December increased our quarterly cash dividend for the third time in two years for a total increase of 36 percent since the beginning of 2010.
Transition to a leading, specialty chemical company
In a year of tremendous achievements, our most significant was the successful acquisition of Solutia, which we completed midyear. Through this transaction, we further transformed our company to a portfolio of higher-margin, specialty businesses. Approximately two-thirds of our sales revenue now comes from product lines that have #1 or #2 positions in the markets that they serve. We expect this portfolio upgrade will contribute to the more consistent earnings growth you would expect from a specialty chemical company.
Geographic diversity is a source of strength
EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA 21%
ASIA PACIFIC 28%
NORTH AMERICA 45% LATIN AMERICA 6%
2012 pro forma combined sales revenue

  2/3
#1
Additives & Functional Products • Cellulosic polymers
• Insoluble sulfurs • Ketones
of our 2012 sales revenue is from product lines in leading market positions
#1or #2
Adhesives & Plasticizers
• Non-phthalate plasticizers
• Hydrocarbon resins
#1or #2
#1
Advanced Materials
• Copolyester
• PVB sheet
• Branded window film
• Cellulosic polymers
#1or #2
Specialty Fluids & Intermediates
• Oxo alcohols in Americas
• Heat-transfer and aviation hydraulic fluids
               In addition, we have increased our exposure to attractive segments of high-growth markets like transportation, building and construction, and consumables, and we have expanded our global footprint and increased our revenue potential in the fast- expanding Asia Pacific market.
Our strategy for continued growth is simple, but when well executed, should create consistent, superior value in 2013 and beyond. Execution is a core strength of ours, so I have every confidence that we will deliver.
•We have strong businesses that serve attractive and growing end markets, like transportation and building and construction. We will continue to run these businesses well, while maintaining our strong margins.
• We will leverage our world-class technology platforms to meet the growing needs driven by global trends, such as energy efficiency, an emerging middle class, and health and wellness.
• We will differentiate ourselves by making smart choices in how we spend our cash. Our balanced approach to capital allocation includes pursuing organic growth opportunities, growing through mergers and acquisitions, and returning cash to our stockholders.
As we continue to integrate Solutia, we realize that we are only beginning to unlock the value of this acquisition. In my last letter to you, I said that by the end of 2013 we expected to reach a run rate of approximately $100 million in cost synergies. We ended 2012 at greater than $50 million run rate and we have every expectation that we will exceed our initial target. In addition, we remain on track to capture significant tax synergies, including utilizing about half of the $1.3 billion
of NOLs from 2012 through 2014. Over time, we also expect to realize meaningful revenue synergies as we optimize operational efficiencies, leverage technology and business capabilities, and accelerate new product development.
It is with this portfolio of specialty businesses and solid financial profile that I fully expect us to be able to deliver on the following objectives:
• Earnings per share between $6.30 and $6.40 in 2013 and approximately $8 in 2015
• Sales revenue growth greater than global GDP
• More than $2 billion of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and dividends) from 2012 through 2015
In addition to our financial expectations, I am especially proud that we were able to make this sizable acquisition and maintain an investment-grade credit rating. We are committed to maintaining a financial profile that supports an investment- grade credit rating, giving us additional flexibility to pursue new growth opportunities.
Innovating for the future
We look to the combination of our world-class technology platforms and our deep understanding of what our customers want as a main driver of growth for Eastman. By using our strong research and development capabilities to modify molecules and innovate new products, we are able to successfully collaborate with customers and benefit from long-term trends, such as energy efficiency and a growing middle class.
Fibers
•Acetatetow • Acetate yarn
 
For example, new government regulatory requirements are driving the transportation industry to look for innovative materials to help improve fuel efficiency. Eastman tire additive technology can allow tire manufacturers to do this without compromising critical properties like handling and wet traction. Our acoustic and solar control technologies are also providing solutions in this market. For example, our Saflex® interlayer glass laminate helps reduce vehicle weight and increase fuel economy, as well as decrease cabin noise.
New product technologies like Eastman’s unique microfiber technology are also gaining momentum. Our core competency in polymer chemistry, world-class spinning capability, and in- house application expertise are driving our fiber innovations, allowing customers to explore and expand a whole new dimension of opportunities in nonwoven and textile applications.
ALL IN FOR SAFETY
At the heart of our success is Eastman’s commitment to safety. In 2012, we launched our new safety initiative, ALL IN FOR SAFETY. This new campaign is a reminder to employees that safety isn’t something we should take for granted or become
complacent about. Our safety record in 2012 was one of our best ever, with our recordable injury rate the lowest in our history. While we are proud of our safety record, we know that one injury is too many. That’s why our corporate goal is zero accidents or injuries. And we want this culture of safety to extend beyond the company walls into the homes of our employees.
Setting the course for the future
In closing, I want to thank the men and women of Eastman who work hard, day in and day out, to deliver these outstanding results. In 2012, we pushed ourselves harder than ever, but in many ways, we feel like we are only getting started. All of us at Eastman are keenly aware that the work we are doing today is setting the course for our tomorrow. And we know that what we are doing matters not just to us but to the next generation of employees, customers, and owners. We will continue to build on this momentum and reward your confidence in us. I want to thank our global Eastman team for making our success possible, and I want to thank you for joining us on this incredible journey.
Sincerely,
James P. Rogers
Chairman and CEO March 18, 2013
                                        