To our stockholders
At Eastman, we see ourselves as an outperforming chemical company. By our definition, that is a company with strong core businesses, solid financial results, and value-creating growth. Our 2009 performance – in the face of significant challenges presented by the severe global recession – is evidence of why we believe this.
Goingintotheyear,wedidn’tquiteknowwhattoexpect. The extraordinary uncertainty and unprecedented drop in demand made it difficult to forecast the depth of the recession. In response, we did a good job of focusing on pricing to offset volatile raw material and energy costs, we focused on strong cash generation, and we took significant measures to reduce our costs by $200 million. By the end of the year, we had exceeded even our own expectations.
Here are a few financial highlights:
• Recorded 2009 earnings per share that were three times higher than the last, considerably milder, recession in 2001. This significantly improved performance was the combined result of our work over the past several years to transform the company and lift the cycle troughs and our recent cost reduction actions.
• Posted record full-year operating earnings in our Fibers segment.
• Set record operating earnings in the Coatings, Adhesives, Specialty Polymers and Inks segment during the third quarter, followed by best-ever fourth-quarter operating earnings.
• Exceeded our cash generation goal by generating over $300 million in free cash flow, which is our best since 2000.
• Reduced net debt by more than $250 million.
Despite headwinds in our PET business, we did make progress toward the end of the year. Following a shutdown in the
fourth quarter to address operational issues, our South Carolina PET manufacturing facility is running at full rates, producing Class I material. With the operational challenges behind us, we are focused on improving our commercial footprint with a more profitable mix of product sales. We expect these no-regrets actions will improve the financial performance of this business.
Financial objectives
We came through the recession in a strong financial position. This and our solid 2009 performance keep us on pace to meet our goals for 2010 through 2012, which we project will be a period of economic recovery. These goals are:
• approximately 20% higher earnings per share in 2010 vs. 2009;
• greater than $100 million of free cash flow in 2010;
• approximately 20% compound annual growth rate for our earnings per share from 2009 through 2012; and,
• 2012 earnings per share of greater than $6, which would exceed our last peak earnings per share.
We have confidence we can achieve
these goals. Further, we believe we
can meet our earnings goals just on
the strength of our core businesses. The mix of these businesses showed incredible resilience in the midst of the worst recession in a generation, and all are positioned to continue to improve as the global economy improves.
  Jim Rogers President and CEO
 
Toward growth
As I mentioned, an outperforming chemical company also delivers growth, which is why growing our company is our priority. Our plan for delivering growth is simple. We plan to build upon who we are and what we know. First and foremost, we are a chemical company proudly making products that improve our everyday lives. We have a number of growth options on the table, and are considering organic and inorganic opportunities in most of our businesses.
We are currently evaluating a number of other organic growth options to extend and optimize our core businesses. We expect cash from operations will more than fund organic growth initiatives over the next three years.
Joint ventures and acquisitions – We are also pursuing attractive inorganic joint venture and acquisition opportunities that would be considered bolt-ons to our core businesses or in adjacent product lines or markets.
We are focusing our efforts on opportunities that encompass at least one of these areas of emphasis: serves emerging markets, like our recent acetate tow joint venture with SK Chemicals in Korea; offers differentiated products; provides access to advantaged feedstocks; or takes advantage of mega- trends like consumerism, energy efficiency, and sustainability.
We believe that sustainability in particular provides a tailwind for Eastman. Our environmental stewardship was recognized in 2009 by Newsweek magazine which named Eastman as one of the Top 100 Greenest Companies in America. Also in 2009, our Eastman green biocatalytic process was the winner of the EPA’sPresidentialGreenChemistryAward. Inaddition,wehave a growing portfolio of sustainably-advantaged products, like our BPA-free Eastman TritanTM copolyester, our non-phthalate plasticizer Eastman 168TM, and our bio-based cellulosics that are made from renewable resources.
2009 EPS Improvement over 2001
Company actions contributed to earnings per share more than 3 times higher than last recession
$3.63
2001 2009
90%
40%
-10%
86%
Eastman
74%
Total Stockholder Return vs. Indices
12/31/99 - 12/31/09
Total stockholder return is derived by combining share price appreciation and dividends paid assuming reinvestment of dividends
      58%
       S&P S&P Chemicals Materials
-9% S&P 500
We are taking a balanced and disciplined approach to growth in the four areas of build, joint ventures and acquisitions, equity, and debt.
Let’s look at these in a little more detail.
Build – This starts with optimizing investments that have been completed or are near completion. We made tremendous progress in this area in 2009 with the completion of our RegaliteTM adhesives facility in the Netherlands as well as our recently completed Eastman TritanTM copolyester expansion in Kingsport, Tennessee. Given the specialty nature of these products and expected growth rates, these projects are expected to have returns on capital greater than 15-20%. We should see these benefits starting in 2010 and continuing throughout the recovery period. Our 2008 acetate tow expansion in Europe contributed to 2009 results and will continue to do so going forward.
      $1.19
     
Equity – We remain committed to returning cash to you, our stockholders. We understand the importance of the dividend, even in the toughest of environments as we demonstrated in 2009. We also remain committed to share repurchases and will be repurchasing shares over the coming quarters primarily to offset dilution.
Debt – We are committed to remain investment grade and we will continue to be opportunistic in the area of managing our debt.
Evaluating our growth efforts through these lenses, we made significant progress toward growth in 2009. I do want to point out, however, that the world hasn’t cooperated on everything. Late last year we announced we were discontinuing our Beaumont, Texas, industrial gasification project due to a number of factors, including high capital costs. It can be difficult to let go of a project that you’ve worked hard on, but we were pragmatic and realized it was the right business decision. It also freed up resources, including cash and energy that can be focused on our other growth projects.
We have a great deal of momentum going into 2010 and a strong balance sheet to achieve our goals. This, along with our disciplined determination, gives me confidence in our ability to profitably grow our company.
Unique culture, unique results
In closing, I want to take a moment to recognize the real heroes of 2009 who in my book are our employees. Last year the recession made it clear to all of us that we were going to have to endure some tough decisions. Our men and women stepped up, stayed focused, and delivered exceptional results. They remained committed to their co-workers and their
communities despite their own personal sacrifices. I have worked several places in my lifetime, and I can say I’ve never experienced the type of unique culture we have at Eastman. I value it, and I know our customers do, too.
2009 Best Ever OSHA Recordable Rate (Annual Incidents/100 Employees Involving Treatment Beyond First Aid)
1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009
I also want to recognize my predecessor, Brian Ferguson. I want to thank him for handing me a strong leadership team which allowed for a smooth transition during what was a very rocky time for the global economy.
Finally I want to thank you, our owners, for recognizing the value of our company and for riding out the storm with us. I am very optimistic about our future, and whatever expectations you have for this company, mine are even higher. I look forward to rewarding your investment by consistently demonstrating that Eastman is truly an outperforming chemical company.
Regards, Jim Rogers
President and Chief Executive Officer March 19, 2010
                    