  TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
    From strengthening our global manufacturing structure, to permanently reducing costs, to making strategic divestitures, we have made important changes throughout the Company.
 2005 was a year of significant accomplishment for Eastman. But it didn’t happen by chance. From strengthening our global manufacturing structure, to permanently reducing costs, to making strategic divestitures, we have made important changes throughout the Company. As a result, we not only surpassed our goals, we set new records.
• Earnings per share were the best in ten years.
• Sales revenue of $7 billion was the best in the Company’s history and reflects gains across
virtually all parts of the Company.
• Gross profit increased by over $400 million,
and gross margins improved to approximately
20 percent.
• Return on invested capital (ROIC) improved 12 percentage points over 2004 levels, reach- ing in excess of 19 percent for the year.
• Cash flow remained strong, enabling us to further strengthen Eastman’s balance sheet, fund the Company’s U.S. defined benefit pension plans, support strategic growth initiatives and reward our stockholders by maintaining a solid dividend.
These results are particularly notable given the volatility in raw material and energy costs which
were exacerbated by the hurricanes that devastated the Gulf Coast. I am proud of our employees and business partners who quickly responded to these natural disasters and demonstrated incredible ingenuity to mitigate the subsequent supply chain disruptions. Their performance was truly remarkable.
CONTINUING TO DELIVER ON COMMITMENTS You’ll recall that last year we pledged to improve our performance, strengthen our balance sheet and grow our earnings. As our 2005 results showed, we delivered on each of these commitments,
and I’m confident we can build on our success through continued focus and dedication. My confidence is supported by Eastman’s:
• Solid base of businesses that provides strong, steady financial performance;
• Strategic plans to strengthen areas of the Company that are more affected by cyclicality;
• Focused growth strategy that leverages our unique technologies and advantaged cost position to deliver unique greener, smarter, lower-cost value propositions, and;
• Track record of financial discipline which ensures we create – not consume – value for our stockholders.
  02 EASTMAN CHEMICAL COMPANY
 
    J. Brian Ferguson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Let me elaborate on each of these four points.
SOLID BASE OF BUSINESSES With a combined 2005 operating margin of over
17 percent, Eastman’s CASPI (Coatings, Adhesives, Specialty Polymers and Inks),
Fibers and Specialty Plastics segments provide a solid base of earnings. In the aggregate, these three businesses contributed $500 million, or nearly two thirds, of Eastman’s operating earn- ings in 2005. These businesses have a history of solid and steady performance, largely because of their differentiated product lines and unique market or cost positions.
STRATEGIC PLANS TO STRENGTHEN
AREAS OF THE COMPANY Our Performance Chemicals and Intermediates (PCI) and Polymers businesses are important to Eastman, but because they compete primarily on price, they are more affected by industry cycles. Our goal is to reduce the cyclicality and increase the prof- itability of these segments through a number
of strategic portfolio management efforts. We expect to make measurable progress on efforts already underway in PCI. In Polymers, much of
our focus is on increasing the value creation throughout our PET (polyethylene terephthalate) businesses, and though we are in the early stages, we are taking strategic actions to accomplish this.
Additionally, we expect our new low-cost and energy-efficient IntegRex technology to drive further value, particularly in our North American PET businesses. Without question, PET is a tough commodities business. Our vertically integrated PET facilities, however, have consistently demon- strated profitability, with those in North America earning above the cost of capital five out of the past six years. IntegRex plays an important part in our ongoing efforts to strengthen our cost position in our PET line of products. Our first facility using this technology is expected to come on-line in the fourth quarter of this year and be fully operational during the first quarter of 2007. With this new 350,000-metric-ton PET manufac- turing plant, which is being built at our site in Columbia, South Carolina, Eastman will have
the lowest conversion cost and lowest capital per pound of product for any PET process in North America.
  EASTMAN CHEMICAL COMPANY 03
  
     FOCUSED GROWTH STRATEGY We have great confidence in the strength of our existing businesses, yet we also understand that a strat- egy to drive long-term growth is important if we are to achieve our goals. Accordingly, we further refined a growth strategy last year that is concentrated on a select set of initiatives that, when layered onto our existing strong base of earnings, we believe will enable us to reach a new level of success and value creation.
These initiatives target growth opportunities
in markets we know well, and where we have a strong customer base. Additionally, as I explained to you in my letter last year, they have the common theme of “greener, smarter, lower-cost” running through them. Consumers look for products that have some combination of being environmentally responsible, high performance and economical. Our customers are no different. Through our unique technolo- gies and cost advantages, we are positioned to deliver on this value proposition.
An example of this is the previously mentioned IntegRex PET facility, which will use less energy
and occupy half the footprint of conventional PET plants. This facility is expected to come on-line later this year, and as that happens, we’ll share more about our plans to use rationalized PET assets to scale-up our unique, high-performance copolyester product lines.
In our Fibers business, we’re exploring options for acetate tow capacity expansions in Europe and Asia that would allow us to leverage our advantaged raw material position in this busi- ness to meet projected annual increases in global demand. Another initiative in the early stages of development is one we call “chemicals from coal.” Through this effort, we are working to build on our unique expertise in coal gasi- fication, the cleanest coal technology, and in producing low-cost commodity chemicals.
You can expect to hear more about our progress on these and other growth initiatives later in
the year.
TRACK RECORD OF FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE
Eastman’s management team has a track record of financial discipline, and we intend to maintain that discipline as we fund growth in 2006.
  04 EASTMAN CHEMICAL COMPANY
 
      Eastman’s management team has a track record of financial discipline, and we intend to maintain that discipline as we fund growth in 2006.
 I strongly believe in the long-term earnings potential of our growth initiatives. Investing
in them is a priority for cash in the coming year. We will diligently monitor our progress in these initiatives to ensure that we – and
you – are getting a sound return on our invest- ment. Additionally, Eastman’s dividend will remain a top priority – just as it has for the past 48 straight quarters.
Our financial objectives continue to be main- taining an operating margin above 10 percent, growing volume above GDP and delivering a value-creating spread above the cost of capital.
FACING THE FUTURE WITH CONFIDENCE
Today Eastman is a stronger, more focused company. We have a solid foundation of earn- ings generated by financially sound, steady businesses. We have plans and are taking actions to strengthen the more cyclical areas
of the Company. We are committed to a strategy that builds on Eastman’s unique technologies and cost position to deliver a greener, smarter, lower-cost value proposition for our customers and profitable growth for our stockholders. And we pledge to pursue this growth in a smart,
disciplined way. This, along with our team of the most dedicated and knowledgeable people in the business, gives me confidence that Eastman is poised to continue meeting its goals.
But don’t just take my word for it. There
are 12,000 faces at Eastman that share my enthusiasm. All of us look forward to making the most of the opportunities we have created for ourselves and to proving that we have what it takes to create long and lasting value for all of our stakeholders.
Sincerely,
J. Brian Ferguson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   EASTMAN CHEMICAL COMPANY 05
 