                                         To Our Stockholders
Everybody loves a good story, and we at Eastman do, too. For us, 2004 certainly made for an important chapter of our journey – marked by real achievement. For the past two and a half years, we have been executing a “turnaround” strategy to position ourselves as a company that creates value rather than consumes it. We have been decisive in our actions to restructure Eastman’s businesses and disciplined in our approach. As a result, we are seeing improved financial results and positive momentum, which reinforce our confidence that we are moving in the right direction.
Improved Profitability
We started 2004 with an ambitious agenda that was aimed at a single objective – to improve the company’s profitability. Our year-end results demonstrate our determi- nation – and our success – in reaching this goal:
> Earnings of $2.18 per diluted share were the best since 2000. The results included asset impairment and restructuring charges, other operating income and a favorable tax settlement.
> Our sales revenue of $6.6 billion was the best in our company’s history.
> Gross profit increased by $168 million – a solid improvement over 2003. Yet these results are even more impressive when you consider that we achieved them despite a staggering increase in raw material and energy costs of approximately
$600 million, leading to a margin compression of around $100 million.
> We experienced revenue growth in all regions – North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia Pacific. Eastman’s performance in Asia Pacific was particularly strong. There, our revenue increased 22 percent over 2003, and is now about 12 percent of our total company revenue. In 2004, we also doubled our operating earnings in this region compared to 2003, and our operating margin is now approaching 10 percent. We expect this growth to continue.
 –2–

                                           > Excluding asset impairment and restructuring charges, four out of six reporting segments reported an increase in operating profit.
> By the end of 2004, our stock price was trading more than
45 percent higher than at the end of the previous year. In fact, including dividends, your stock had a total return of approxi- mately 50 percent in 2004, significantly outperforming both the Standard & Poor’s 500 and Eastman’s peers in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Chemicals Index. This performance is a clear indication that the confidence we have in our company is shared by others.
Doing What We Said We’d Do
Improving profitability was our top priority for 2004. As you’ve seen from our full year financial performance, the numbers clearly show that we rose to the challenge and successfully delivered on this. While our overall performance is an important part of Eastman’s story, so too is the progress we made on these specific – and significant – actions:
> Addressing underperforming businesses and product lines in our Coatings, Adhesives, Specialty Polymers, and Inks (CASPI) business segment – In July, we divested these busi- nesses and product lines, which had an immediate positive impact on our financial performance.
> Pursuing options to maximize value from our interest in Genencor International, Inc. – In January, 2005 we announced an agreement to sell our interest in Genencor International, Inc. to Danisco A/S. As we have said, Genencor was not a
J. BRIAN FERGUSON
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
strategic asset for us, and we pursued several alternatives for maximizing our interest in it. The sale to Danisco represented the most attractive available option and will deliver fair value to Eastman.
> Continuing to strengthen both manufacturing and cost structures – Many less visible actions that we have taken have generated improvements in nearly every part of our company. For example, in our Specialty Plastics segment, we continued to rationalize capacity and consolidated production to our Kingsport, Tennessee, facility. Also, we restructured our Polymers segment to create a more integrated organizational structure. These actions, combined with our corporate initiatives, resulted in a 20 percent reduction of labor force.
Starting a New Chapter
In looking ahead to what’s in store for Eastman, and for you as our stockholders, I am very optimistic that 2005 will be even better than 2004. We expect our hard work over the past year and an upturn in the chemical industry to help drive further bottom line growth. We are also taking actions to enhance our marketing and commercial skill sets in order to complement Eastman’s strong manufacturing and chemical expertise.
2005 holds great opportunity for Eastman. Yet, like our peers, we will continue to face challenges brought on by volatile costs for energy and key raw materials, particularly paraxylene, ethylene glycol, and propane. Pricing is a major focus in 2005 and will remain the key determinant in our ability to successfully manage
–3–

                                        To Our Stockholders (continued)
 “We intend to demonstrate that we can grow despite industry cycles. This is what is driving our corporate strategy efforts.”
 these costs and increase margins. Fortunately, we do see signs of supply and demand tightening for many of our products, which will help in giving us the pricing power we need.
A Greener, Smarter, Lower Cost Strategy
The solid financial foundation that we have established, coupled with improved business conditions, has enabled us to shift our focus to long-term plans for growth. After careful con- sideration of our corporate strengths and advantages, we have chosen a technology-driven strategy, targeted on select oppor- tunities in these high-growth markets, and attractive market segments within them: building and construction, electronics, health, and packaging. These are familiar markets where we currently participate, and where we have identified an array of greener, smarter, lower cost solutions that draw on our unique technologies and have the potential to create significant value for Eastman.
Let me explain what I mean by “greener, smarter, lower cost.” To understand this, you only have to look at our current portfolio of products and see where we have consistently created the most value. This theme of “greener, smarter, lower cost” can be found in our broad range of polyesters; from our recyclable, low-cost PET polymers to our tough, chemically-resistant specialty plastics. Or, in many cases, our proprietary technologies provide unique, value-adding functionality for our customers. Our cellulose acetate butyrate (CAB), for example, gives customers a unique metal flake orientation and surface leveling for coating applications. Our port- folio is rich in such examples.
Again we see this theme emerge as we look at our candidates for future growth. For example, within the health market, one oppor- tunity we are pursuing is in food diagnostics. We believe we can leverage our strong heritage of analytical chemistry capabilities with our biotechnology skills to provide fast, accurate testing for the growing food safety market.
In our polymers business, we’re using our know-how and technology innovation to strengthen the position of PET in the packaging resin industry. Earlier this year, we broke ground on our new 350,000-ton PET plant at our site in Columbia, South Carolina. This new facility will produce PET resin using many features of our new, proprietary IntegRex technology. This break- through technology is based on the integration from paraxylene to PET and features multiple process innovations which give it characteristics that are protective of the environment. Not only is it less energy intensive, but because it reduces the number of intermediary steps to produce PET, we are able to build a world- scale manufacturing plant that occupies half the footprint of conventional PTA and PET facilities. Capacity is planned to come on-line in the fourth quarter of 2006, just as the demand for PET is expected to outpace the supply.
We further believe that the benefits of this breakthrough technology will extend beyond our commodity PET business into our specialty plastics business as well. With IntegRex, we can make better use of our intermediates capacity and have the potential to redeploy PET assets to make unique copolyester products to serve new markets.
–4–

                                          New opportunities like these, together with the strength of Eastman’s legacy businesses (particularly Fibers, CASPI, and Specialty Plastics), will contribute to our success and prosperity beyond the chemical industry cycle. The challenge now is to conduct the due diligence necessary to make smart choices and prudent investments that will fuel our future growth.
Disciplined Approach to Growth
Our number one priority is continued earnings growth. We have set for ourselves a financial goal of generating 10 percent operating margins and revenue growth rates that are above gross domestic product (GDP). We intend to demonstrate that we can grow despite industry cycles. This is what is driving our corporate strategy efforts.
As we pursue this goal, and throughout all of our actions, you can be assured that we are grounded in the same high level of discipline that we demonstrated during the turnaround. We will be judicious in our management of resources so that we are able to successfully balance our needs for success in 2005 with our needs for success in the future. This means that we will analyze and prioritize our efforts, and redirect our people and capital to the growth initiatives that create the most value for the company – and in turn, for you, our stockholders.
Furthermore, we will continue to concentrate on strengthening our balance sheet. We have consistently demonstrated our ability to generate strong cash flow, and this year the divestiture of our interest in Genencor will provide additional flexibility. Our priorities
for cash continue to be funding a strong dividend, reducing net debt, and investing in targeted growth initiatives.
In Conclusion
As we close the chapter on 2004, I want to extend my gratitude to Eastman’s 12,000 employees around the world for making this a pivotal year in our history. Thanks to their talents, know-how, and commitment, we have successfully executed a turnaround strategy that has significantly improved the company’s profitability, and better positioned us for profitable growth. We know we must continue to build on this progress, and I’m certain that we will.
We have another important year ahead of us. I hope you will join us as we begin this latest chapter of our journey, and I look forward to sharing more of the Eastman story with you as the year unfolds.
Sincerely,
J. Brian Ferguson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 –5–
