 [ 02 ] Emerson 2008
david n. farr
chairman, chief executive officer, and president
Dear Shareholders,
Emerson delivered outstanding results in 2008, despite a challenging global economic environ- ment. Our operating team executed well across the board, identifying and solving important problems for global customers, creating rewarding opportunities for employees and delivering strong results for shareholders. I am very proud of the Emerson team and what
we accomplished.
Net sales reached a record $24.8 billion. Reported sales grew by 12 percent and underlying sales (which exclude the impact
of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation) grew 7 percent, in line with our goal to deliver 5–7 percent underlying sales growth through long-term business cycles. Our ability to apply disciplined processes and industry expertise across cultures is key to Emerson’s success. Sales outside of the United States continue to represent an increasingly larger share of total sales, 54 percent in 2008, which gives a more balanced business profile.
Earnings per share (EPS) rose to $3.06, another record and an increase of 15 percent over fiscal 2007. The operating profit margin increased 70 basis points to 16.5 percent – the highest level in more than 30 years. On top of that, the company delivered 22 percent after-tax return on total capital and generated $3.3 billion
in operating cash. Generating significant

cash flow continues to be a key priority of
this management team, which allows us to invest for future growth and return cash back
to shareholders. In 2008, Emerson returned more than 60 percent of operating cash flow to shareholders – $940 million in dividends and $1.1 billion in stock repurchases. 2008 was
the 52nd consecutive year we increased our dividend, and the board approved a 10 percent increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.33 per share for the December 2008 dividend payment.
We face tough economic challenges ahead, including a stronger U.S. dollar and greater uncertainty across global markets. Emerson is positioned well to deal with these challenges. The company is in good businesses, has a strong balance sheet and remains conservative in our financial structure. We constantly monitor all of our businesses very carefully
and make adjustments as needed in a dynamic environment. That said, we also expect to continue driving future growth with strategic technology and new product investments as the company has done consistently and successfully in the past.
Our operating team executed well across the board, identifying and solving important problems for customers, creating rewarding opportunities for employees and delivering strong results
for shareholders.
In 2008, 54% of sales came
from outside the United States. 30% came from emerging markets.
A Powerful Force for Innovation
[ 03 ]

 [ 04 ] Emerson 2008
Emerson is a powerful
force for innovation.
That’s our competitive edge.
Emerson has successfully managed through difficult economic times before, and we are confident we have the right team and the right strategies for continued long-term success. Many decades of leadership and competitive advantage are ahead of us. We know this, in part, because we know what makes Emerson unique, as Emerson is a powerful force for innovation, and that’s our competitive edge.
Our global work force is remarkably talented. The company has a management process and a culture that inspire and reward initiative, innovation, discipline and accomplishment. We have deep industry and product expertise, and understand customers’ businesses and the demands they face. These are formidable strengths, and the team draws on them to create new-to-the-world solutions.

 Portfolio ManageMent
Leadership is about managing our portfolio to transform businesses and industries – and drive growth for investors.
Emerson has intensified the focus on delivering new-to-the-business and new- to-the-world solutions that open worlds of opportunities for customers and industries. The results are leading market positions and a near-doubling of sales from new products since 2003.
neW Product sales
 new-to- the-business
new-to- the-world
 Minor revisions
   Major revisions
           (dollars in billions)
  $7.9 $6.8
$8.8
   $5.4 $4.5 $4.7
 New-to-the-business
new-to-the-world ...
percent of sales
32% 30% 2003
31%
34%
35% 36% 2008

 innovation for our custoMers.
Emerson is well-respected for our technology expertise and business platforms. But the company’s real advantage comes from bringing together the people and processes to understand and explore customers’ needs from many angles.
By collaborating across borders, divisions, industries and platforms, Emerson engineers new-to-the-business and new-to-the-world solutions. Solutions that not only lead customers and industries through change but actually transform them in unique and unexpected ways.
Learn more about how Emerson puts innovation to work at www.Emerson.com.
 A Powerful Force for Innovation [ 05 ]

[ 06 ] Emerson 2008
Emerson’s ability to apply wireless technology
in a process operating environment is a great example of new-to-the-world solutions. Emerson Process Management engineers understood that being wireless is not just about replacing wires – it is something much bigger.
Freed from the limitations and complexity of wire, customers can deploy Emerson’s PlantWeb capabilities to assets previously out of physical or economic reach. Today, Emerson’s Smart Wireless solution offers the exceptional benefits of seeing, knowing and controlling things plant managers could never know or afford to know before, such as detecting leaks along miles of pipeline, gathering data from movable equip- ment in flexible manufacturing environments and tracking assets and people throughout
the plant. Increasing this field intelligence and predictive power makes customers more effi- cient and competitive.
Our breakthrough was an application of self- organizing mesh networks that deliver a reliable, robust and secure solution in even the most
challenging process environments. This is truly an amazing feat of engineering. Each wireless device is a router for other nearby devices, passing messages along until they reach
their destination. If there is an obstruction, transmissions are automatically rerouted until a clear path is found.
Emerson’s Smart Wireless technology is a game- changer for the process industry, eliminating physical, economic and technical obstacles that engineers had encountered on a daily basis. Customers are seeing far-reaching benefits in operations, performance and safety, as well
as significant cost savings. In fact, the cost of adding one wireless sensor is one-tenth that of a traditional hard-wired solution and takes far less time to implement. We are excited about the limitless potential for this solution – within and beyond process environments – as it continues to unlock the imagination of engineers across the globe.
The cost of adding one wireless sensor is one-tenth that of a traditional hard-wired solution.

 Emerson’s Smart Wireless technology
is a game-changer for the process industry, eliminating physical, economic and technical obstacles that engineers had encountered on
a daily basis.
 From our perspective,
wireless is not just about replacing wires ...

 Wireless
is about doing What couldn’t be done before.
Like all breakthroughs, Emerson Smart Wireless began small. In reading about new wireless sensor technology the U.S. military was deploying to find enemy troops in battle, our engineers became intrigued with the potential application in process environments.
Their imagination and insight led to the development of technology that provides customers with information and capabilities that had been physically or economically out of reach. Solutions that reshape their business. Technology that transforms industry.
Learn more about Emerson’s Smart Wireless at www.EmersonProcess.com/SmartWireless.
 A Powerful Force for Innovation [ 07 ]

[ 08 ] Emerson 2008
Industry-leading innovation by Emerson Climate Technologies is equally compelling. One of
the most important issues of our time – for individuals, business owners and governments – is the environment, particularly the responsible use of energy. Emerson’s ability to pioneer compressor technology over the years has led to substantial increases in the efficiency of global residential and commercial air conditioning systems. In North America, for example, resi- dential systems are more than 60 percent more efficient than they were two decades ago. These improvements equate to the power generated by 17 one-gigawatt power plants.
As we continue to drive forward, Emerson Climate Technologies is partnering with refrig- eration and air conditioning manufacturers to phase out ozone-depleting, chlorine-based refrigerants for new systems in the United States by 2010. The latest generation of Copeland
Emerson’s industry leadership provides a strong foundation for growth as use of new refrigerants and efficiency standards are mandated around the world in
the coming years.
Residential systems are more than 60% more efficient than they were two decades ago. These improvements equate to the power generated by 17 one-gigawatt power plants.

Scroll compressors are engineered for optimum performance with today’s more environmen- tally responsible R-410A refrigerants while also providing the unmatched reliability that has become synonymous with Emerson.
Superior technology and industry leadership provide a strong foundation for global growth as well. In China, Emerson is working closely with both government and industry to develop energy-efficiency standards for that country. We are also supplying the Chinese market with a wide range of energy-responsible solutions. Emerson engineers in Suzhou, China, for example, are designing and building next- generation Copeland Digital Scroll solutions to transform the Asian air conditioning market.
At the same time, Emerson is working closely with local manufacturers to create more effective, efficient and environmentally friendly heating products for the half-billion people who live in China’s northern region.
Climate change demands
smart and pragmatic solutions ...
  
 solutions that WorK for eVerYone.
There are no simple answers to the world’s energy issues and needs. So as the innovators in Emerson Climate Technologies continue their quest for heating and cooling solutions that require less electricity and reduce global warming, they collaborate with engineers in other Emerson businesses to understand how motors, flow devices and controls impact the total system.
At the same time, Emerson partners closely with customers, industries, governments and regulators to create practical and viable standards and solutions that all parties can follow to responsibly manage the world’s resources. Emerson leadership.
For more information about Emerson Climate Technologies, visit www.EmersonClimate.com.
 A Powerful Force for Innovation [ 09 ]

[ 10 ] Emerson 2008
Emerson’s commitment to energy responsibility also extends to large global data centers. In 2006, U.S. data centers consumed 1.5 percent of the nation’s total electrical energy. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, that share is forecasted to rise to 2.5 percent by 2011. This is a significant issue for business and IT leaders, and Emerson engineers address it through innovative technologies and solutions that target both the data center as a whole and the many elements within it.
For example, reducing cooling costs for data centers through increased efficiency is a clear and critical need, and Liebert Xtreme Density cooling systems provide an excellent solution. But Emerson Network Power engineers saw even more fundamental issues. They understood
that the demand for cooling corresponds directly to the amount of energy consumed by IT equipment, and that tackling this root cause could produce additional dramatic savings.
Armed with this insight, the team developed Energy Logic – a road map that enables data center managers to prioritize and implement technologies already at their disposal to reduce energy consumption. Following Energy Logic strategies can cut a data center’s consumption in half. It also can free up two-thirds of valuable raised floor space, one-third of uninterruptible power supply capacity and 40 percent of cooling capacity – all issues that customers consistently tell us are critical.
Emerson’s acquisition of Aperture in March provides another powerful tool – Aperture VISTA software, which provides data center managers in-depth visibility into the physical status of their equipment, space utilization, power, cooling and overall capacity. As has been true in the past, strategic acquisitions such as this enable us to solve customer problems, enhancing the overall Emerson portfolio and the value provided
to shareholders.
In 2011, U.S. data centers are expected to consume 2.5% of the nation’s total electrical energy.

 Following Energy Logic strategies can cut a
data center’s energy consumption by 50%.
It also can free up two-thirds of valuable raised floor space, one-third of uninterruptible power supply capacity and
40% of cooling capacity.
 Emerson’s engineers
fuel our innovation ...

 technology Puts our innoVation to WorK.
Emerson Network Power technologies are at work throughout the world to help customers operate their data centers more efficiently and effectively.
In 2009, Emerson will put these solutions to work in our own new global data center. The 35,000-square-foot facility will enable Emerson to consolidate 100 global data centers into four locations in coming years.
These technologies, combined with the
overall design, will enable the company to use 31 percent less energy than a traditional data center. Emerson anticipates receiving LEED Silver Certification from the U.S. Green Building Council and plans to use the new facility as a showcase for data-center developers around the world. Applying innovation at home.
For more information about Emerson Network Power, visit www.EmersonNetworkPower.com.
 A Powerful Force for Innovation [ 11 ]

[ 12 ] Emerson 2008
Emerson is also working with customers to chart the future. In China, for example, local Emerson engineers leveraged our expertise in uninterruptible power supplies and variable frequency drives to design the power convertors needed to make the promise of wind energy
a reality.
Today, Emerson is the first China-based manufacturer to supply these convertors, and we are working with three of that nation’s largest wind turbine companies. With global- installed wind power expected to increase at an average annual rate of 20 percent over the next five years, there is a great opportunity
to collaborate across Emerson businesses to provide additional solutions.
And we aren’t stopping at wind power. Emerson continues to invest in a wide range of technology platforms and products that enable customers around the world to shift electrical power generation to other sources that reduce carbon emissions, including solar, nuclear, hydro and natural gas.
What drives Emerson’s success is that our passion and disciplined processes translate well across borders and cultures.
Global-installed wind power is expected to grow 20% a year over the next 5 years.

 What drives Emerson’s success is that our passion and disciplined processes translate well across borders and cultures. In each of the more than 150 countries where the company does business, we understand and respect our customers. We understand their businesses and the pressures they face. And we share their culture and opportunity. This is a significant advantage for Emerson.
I thank each of our 140,000 employees around the world for fueling our progress every day. It is their knowledge, passion and collaboration that enables Emerson to anticipate broader issues and trends ... to see the world through customers’ eyes ... and to advance groundbreaking products and solutions. It is their talent and discipline that will enable Emerson to manage through the current challenges.
 Emerson’s advantage
is our people and process ...

 our boundless
Passion sets us aPart.
With more than 140,000 talented people around the world, Emerson is engineering the unexpected nearly every day in every time zone.
At the Emerson Design Engineering Center (EDEC), which Emerson opened in Pune, India, in 2003, more than 500 engineers collaborate to design products and solutions for Emerson’s worldwide platforms while also creating technologies to meet the growing demand from local customers in India and throughout Asia.
Through Emerson’s Advanced Design Center, we tap into a virtual network of leading experts to explore and solve product development, manufacturing and materials problems. In addition to Emerson engineers, this network includes top researchers, scientists and engineers from leading universities and research centers around the world.
Learn more about the people and processes that make Emerson a powerful force for innovation at www.Emerson.com.
A Powerful Force for Innovation [ 13 ]
 
 [ 14 ] Emerson 2008
I would also like to thank the global leadership team. This outstanding group of leaders continues to excel in allocating our intellectual and financial capital to deliver in the short run while simultaneously building for the long term.
I am also grateful to our board of directors, which provides valuable insight and support. This year, we had the privilege of adding two top global busi- ness leaders to Emerson’s board – Bill Johnson, CEO of Heinz, and Harriet Green, CEO of Premier Farnell plc. We welcome adding their experience and judgment to our team.
And of course, I thank each of our fellow shareholders for your continued support.
Emerson is a powerful force for innovation.
This has propelled Emerson’s past growth and performance, and will drive the company’s future success. It is what enables us, after hearing a customer describe a problem or need, to respond with conviction: “You can consider it solved.”
David N. Farr
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President
[from left]
edward l. monser
chief operating officer
craig w. ashmore
senior vice president, planning and development
charles a. peters
senior executive vice president
david n. farr
chairman, chief executive officer, and president
walter j. galvin
senior executive vice president and chief financial officer
 