Dear Shareholders,
     2 Emerson 2004
David N. Farr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 What does it mean to be Emerson?
It means unwavering dedication to excellence in all we do. It means solving problems for customers around the world, creating a strong future for our company, and generating excellent returns for shareholders.
In 2004, Emerson delivered strong financial and operational performance with record sales and operating cash flow as well as a double-digit earnings per share increase. In addition, we continued to strengthen our global competitive position, advance technology leadership, and enhance our ability to deliver solutions to customers.
2004 Financial and Operational Highlights
Net sales were a record $15.6 billion, up 12 percent from $14.0 billion in fiscal 2003. Sales were driven by 20 percent gains in our major growth initiatives, including strong performance in the emerging markets of Asia-Pacific, Eastern Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East.
Earnings per share from continuing operations increased 24 percent to $2.98 for fiscal 2004, from $2.41 per share in the prior year, excluding the one-time gain from the sale of the Dura-Line business. Net earnings per share increased 15 percent to $2.98 for fiscal 2004, compared with net earnings per share of $2.59 for the prior year. Fiscal 2004 dividends of $1.60 per share represented our 48th consecutive annual
        
 increase. Strong financial performance led the board of directors in November 2004 to increase the quarterly dividend to an annualized rate of $1.66 per share.
Fundamental to our business strategy is generating the cash flow and returns to fund growth, new product development, acquisitions, and dividends to shareholders. Operating cash flow for fiscal 2004 increased
28 percent to a record $2.2 billion. Return on total capital increased to 14.2 percent from 12.7 percent, our third consecutive annual improvement.
For the past few years, Emerson has been accelerating improvement in operating and capital efficiencies through extensive restructuring and a shift to global best-cost manufacturing. Together with our lean manufacturing initiatives, these accomplishments have strengthened our global competitive position and helped us overcome
the impact of increased material and pension costs during this period. This capital efficiency progress is reflected in our improved average trade working capital ratio, which declined to 19.6 percent of sales in 2004, from 21.2 percent last year, led by an 11 percent improvement in inventory turnover.
The increase in return on capital is a result of improvements in profitability, fixed asset utilization, and working capital efficiency and is an important measure of our success in effectively using shareholder resources. We achieved that increase while investing during the fiscal year in strategic acquisitions that extend our global reach and capabilities. The acquisition of the outside plant and power systems business of Marconi Corporation PLC, renamed Emerson Network Power Energy Systems – North America, gave us a stronger position in the U.S. telecom power industry. We also added to our leading worldwide position
in the process control business with the acquisition of Metran Industrial Group, one of the top suppliers of measurement instrumentation and services for the process industry in Russia and Eastern Europe.
Planning, Priorities, and Performance
Emerson is committed to a unique formal management process that enables the company to focus sharply on creating value for shareholders while anticipating changing economic and industry environments. This
process emphasizes intensive current and long-term planning, disciplined control, and clear priorities. Each priority is a critical component of our ability to sustain competitive advantage in a rapidly changing global market, and each further defines what it means to be Emerson.
Among these priorities, Emerson’s long history of technology investment and leadership provides competitive advantages and market differentiation for our customers and for us. Our focus on sustaining and expanding this leadership is reflected in the continuing investment
in research and new product development, which reached $486 million in 2004. We have established best-cost engineering resources around the world that allow us to work seamlessly around the clock to increase the velocity with which we bring new products and technologies to market. We decided to maintain higher levels of investment in new product development through the recent economic downturn, which set us apart from our competitors and positioned us to benefit quickly as the global economy recovered.
performance
 
 One-Year Performance
Years ended September 30
(Dollars in millions except per share amounts)
2003 Sales $13,958
Percent
Change
11.9% 15.4% 23.7% 15.1%
1.9% 28.0%
We have a deep commitment to investing in people, fixed assets, acquisitions, and service capabilities that strengthen our global position and extend our reach to better serve customers and compete effectively. The goal is to be closer to customers wherever they are – to better understand their markets, customize product platforms, and combine
local support with our best-cost manufacturing positions worldwide. Significant sales growth outside the United States is one measure of our long-term success, particularly in emerging growth markets. In 2004, sales to emerging markets grew
more than 20 percent to $3.2 billion, including a 34 percent increase in China and very strong double-digit increases in Eastern Europe and Russia.
Over the past several years we have made significant progress transforming Emerson to a company with a more intense customer focus. Combining industry-leading products with comprehensive solutions and services enables our customers to differentiate themselves in their markets. Listening to our customers and to their end customers allows us to deliver truly unique and innovative solutions that
 2004
$15,615 $1,257 $2.98 $2.98 $1.60 $2,216 14.2% 18.4%
   Net Earnings
EPS, Continuing Operations Net Earnings Per Share Dividends Per Share Operating Cash Flow Return on Total Capital Return on Equity
$1,089 $2.41 $2.59 $1.57
$1,731 12.7% 17.9%
Five-Year Performance
Years ended September 30
(Dollars in millions except per share amounts)
1999 Sales $14,270
5-Year CAGR
1.8% (0.9%) (0.1%) 4.2% 4.1%
 2004
$15,615 $1,257 $2.98 $1.60 $2,216 14.2% 18.4%
   Net Earnings
Net Earnings Per Share Dividends Per Share Operating Cash Flow Return on Total Capital Return on Equity
$1,314 $3.00 $1.30
$1,811 16.4% 21.9%
 4 Emerson 2004

 make an impact on their success.
As a result, Emerson’s solutions
and services currently generate approximately 10 percent of sales and will continue to be one of our top growth initiatives.
Delivering on these priorities has enabled us to create strong business platforms – Process Management, Network Power, Climate Technologies, Industrial Automation, and Appliance and Tools – that generate unique competitive advantages for our customers and value for shareholders.
Commitment
to High Standards
Everything we do reflects a commitment to the highest standards of personal and corporate ethics. We reinforce these standards through ongoing training programs that reach all of our employees around the world. Further, Emerson’s commitment
to its shareholders includes a clear
and well-thought-out approach to corporate and business governance. For many years Emerson has had specific and consistent standards for the structure, membership, functions, and responsibilities of its board and board committees. These are documented
in our “Statement of Corporate Governance Principles and Practices,” which is accessible on the company’s Web site.
We know that everything we accomplish rests on the skill, integrity, commitment, and dedication of our employees. We offer challenging, fair, and rewarding employment for our employees and set high expectations for performance. In 2004, our employees around the world again met the challenge, and I thank them for their outstanding contributions
to strengthening our position for
the future.
Chuck Knight and Emerson
I would like to close with a personal comment. In September, Charles F. Knight retired as chairman of Emerson after serving with commitment, intensity, and integrity for over 30 years. He has been named to the honorary position of chairman emeritus.
The positive impact Chuck had
on our company and on behalf of our shareholders over those three decades, and during his 27 years
as CEO, was enormous. When he arrived, Emerson’s annual sales were approximately $800 million, and
mostly within the United States. When he stepped down in September, Emerson was well established as a leading technology-based global manufacturing company with sales of $15.6 billion. His contributions cannot be overestimated in areas such as new product development, acquisitions, operational excellence, strategy
and planning, the development of countless leaders, and the practice
of management itself.
I have had the pleasure of working with Chuck for over 23 years. No one could have asked for a more capable mentor, trusted advisor, or valued friend.
Going forward, Emerson will continue to embody the disciplined management process and high standards that Chuck represents. By maintaining focus and intensity on our key priorities, we are optimistic we will continue to deliver further growth in sales, profitability, and earnings in 2005 and beyond.
David N. Farr
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    