4 | 2012 Annual Report
t o o u r s h a r E h o l d E r s
As I reflect on 2012, I am encouraged and energized by what Emerson accomplished in a dynamic
global environment. We overcame a number of significant challenges during a year that did not unfold as planned. I have learned over the years that plans never go quite as expected, but the true measure of an organization is how it reacts. I have also come to appreciate and respect the ability
of Emerson’s global organization to effectively respond to challenges and opportunities. The past year has strengthened my belief in our employees’ capabilities to achieve and innovate in a rapidly changing world. Emerson’s global leaders know how to rise to the challenge and get the job done. I thank them for their support and action.
Emerson delivered solid results in 2012, as sales increased, profitability reached record levels,
and operating cash flow remained solid despite a number of headwinds and global economic volatility. Strong financial performance did not come easily.
In many respects, it was our most difficult year in recent history. With that said, it was in the moments of struggle and uncertainty that I recognized exceptional perseverance and tireless effort to overcome and win. It is in times like the past
year that the great depth and talent of our next generation of leaders emerge, and we get to take their true measure.
Sales in 2012 were $24.4 billion, up 1 percent from $24.2 billion in 2011, reflecting slower global economic growth and related foreign currency
volatility. Underlying sales (excluding acquisitions, divestitures, and foreign currency translation) increased 3 percent compared to 2011. Operating profit margin improved to 17.7 percent – an all-time high for Emerson. Net earnings per share, excluding noncash goodwill impairment charges, were $3.39 in 2012, up 3 percent versus $3.30 in 2011.
Cash generation remained in sharp focus through the year, resulting in operating cash flow of $3.1 billion. We returned a substantial portion of this cash to
our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, reflecting a 64 percent total payout ratio. Emerson’s dividend grew for the 56th consecutive year, underscoring our long-standing emphasis on generating returns for shareholders. In November, the Board of Directors further increased the dividend by 3 percent to an annual rate of $1.64.
With another successful year completed, we now look forward to creating additional value for our shareholders. The pace of change in the world
today is extraordinary. The technology needs of our customers are evolving with unprecedented speed, requiring them to seek innovation and ingenuity that enable them to compete and thrive in new ways.
When we look to the future at Emerson, our objective is more than just anticipating change – we aim to create it. Waiting on change to come to us puts
us and our customers critical steps behind. Our customers expect us to take the first steps and to lead them into the future, creating sustainable
value for our industries and markets.

     Staying ahead of the emerging technologies and business trends that tomorrow will bring requires ExCEpTIoNAlly TAlENTED pEoplE who lead, problem solve, and innovate.
2012 Annual Report | 5

6 | 2012 Annual Report
Across the organization and around the world, we carefully recruit and develop HIgH-IMpACT EMployEES who make this vision for Emerson and our customers
a reality.

     Staying ahead of the emerging technologies and business trends that tomorrow will bring requires exceptionally talented people who lead, problem solve, and innovate. Across the organization and around the world, we carefully recruit and develop high-impact employees who make this vision for Emerson and our customers a reality. These people are the next generation of leaders who will take Emerson to even higher levels of performance and create opportunities and value for our customers and shareholders.
Emerson’s most differentiating asset is its dedicated people. These remarkable people are in every Emerson business, in every geography, in every function. They are the heartbeat of Emerson and the lifeblood of our future growth and leadership.
In the pages that follow, some of these high-impact employees share aspects of Emerson’s story in their words. The solutions they are helping to inspire for our customers optimize oil and gas production, maximize data center efficiency, and keep the world’s food safe, to name just a few.
Emerson’s unique talent pool has accelerated our ability to reinvent ourselves and the markets we serve over and over through our 122-year history. The people of Emerson are at their best when uncertainty is high and the challenge has never been seen before. Collectively they solve problems and create solutions that make our customers, and the world, better. They are the smart difference and our future.
This annual report provides a glimpse into some of the many talented individuals who represent the next generation of leaders at Emerson. I am optimistic about and invigorated by what the people of Emerson have overcome and accomplished in the past year, and it gives me confidence in what the future holds. Their energy, passion, and commitment will transform Emerson and continue to deliver shareholder value and to make the world a better place.
The tremendous commitment and loyalty that our global organization embodies also describes our Board of Directors. Their leadership and support serve as an invaluable and essential element to our management process, which has been exemplified by two Directors soon to step down. Rozanne Ridgway will retire after 18 years of service on the Board. Walter Galvin will retire after 13 years on the Board and 40 years with Emerson, as highlighted on page 58. Both “Roz” and “Walt” have provided exceptional leadership to Emerson and its shareholders as we have evolved and grown through their tenure, and their integrity and passion for excellence will be missed. On behalf of the rest of the Board and all
of Emerson, we wish them both good health and much happiness in their retirements.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, thank you for your support as we continue to create and deliver sustainable value for generations to come.
Sincerely,
David N. Farr
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
     2012 Annual Report | 7
