To Our Shareholders:
Fiscal 2015 was a year marked by the challenges of an increasingly complex and unpredictable global marketplace. Importantly, it was also a year of transformation at Emerson as we confronted our declining sales and earnings head-on, undertaking several initiatives that will strengthen our core businesses and drive both near- and long-term value for our customers and shareholders.
Emerson has long been recognized for its ability to read the markets and anticipate economic changes, enabling us to make the right moves at the right time to maximize benefit and value ... and we intend to do this again. The plans introduced in 2015, drawn after careful consideration and in consultation with our Board of Directors, will enable us to keep pace with the evolving needs of our customers, remain a leader in our industries and create value for shareholders. We are singularly focused on rebuilding the Emerson foundation to drive premium growth in sales, earnings and cash flow.
Our financial results in fiscal 2015 were impacted
by several factors, including lower oil and gas prices and a global slowdown in industrial spending that
was especially significant in many of our key end markets such as energy, telecommunications, mining and backup power. In addition we faced very weak economic conditions in emerging markets including China, Brazil, Africa and Mexico; as well as headwinds from the strength of the U.S. dollar. Sales were down 9 percent to $22.3 billion. Underlying sales were down 2 percent as divestitures reduced sales by $628 million or 2 percent and the stronger dollar reduced sales by $1.1 billion or 5 percent. Net earnings of $2.7 billion increased 26 percent from operating results and
gains on divested businesses. However, adjusted
net earnings of $2.2 billion were down 19 percent
due to the weak business environment as well as accelerated restructuring spending of $221 million
as we aggressively managed our cost structure. The restructuring programs completed in 2015 and those planned for completion in the first half of fiscal 2016 will allow us to generate improved earnings and cash flow in a continually challenging environment.
 2 | 2015 Annual Report

Emerson generated approximately $2.5 billion in operating cash flow (approximately $3 billion adjusted for income taxes paid on divestiture gains). We continued our commitment to delivering value to shareholders
by returning $3.8 billion in cash through $2.5 billion in share repurchase and $1.3 billion in dividends. Also,
the Board of Directors voted to raise the first quarter 2016 dividend to an annualized rate of $1.90 per share, which would make 2016 our 60th consecutive year of increased dividends, an impressive record that can be matched by few corporations. We expect to generate over $3 billion in operating cash flow in 2016, and we intend to return $1.8 billion to $2.5 billion to shareholders.
Our performance in fiscal 2015 and shifting end market dynamics brought into focus for the management team and the Board that we had reached an inflection point and serious strategic action was needed to best serve our customers and shareholders. Throughout
the Company’s 125-year history, we have periodically undertaken this type of strategic repositioning and emerged stronger from it. Therefore, we began to take the necessary steps this past June to once again
transform Emerson to adapt to what we see on the global horizon and strengthen the company in order to accelerate growth and value creation. In June, we initiated the spinoff of the network power business and the evaluation of the potential sale of the motors and drives, power generation and remaining storage businesses, which together represent $6.7 billion in sales. We accomplished a portion of this task in 2015 with the divestiture of the InterMetro business, and the remaining strategic repositioning actions are expected to be completed in 2016. After completing this transformation, Emerson sales will be around
$15 billion, from a peak of $25 billion in 2013. We intend to aggressively pursue acquisitions and organic growth programs around our core businesses in order to accelerate growth and profitability to once again exceed the $20 billion sales threshold.
As we complete this strategic repositioning, we will have a highly focused portfolio with leadership positions in stronger growth-end markets. Going forward,
our portfolio will have two core business platforms: Automation Solutions and Commercial & Residential
 David N. Farr
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 
 The Office of the Chief Executive (from left): Edgar M. Purvis Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Frank J. Dellaquila, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Steven J. Pelch, Senior Vice President – Organization Planning and Development; Edward L. Monser, President; Charles A. Peters, Senior Executive Vice President.
 Solutions. Automation Solutions
will include the current Process Management platform and the remaining Industrial Automation businesses which are focused on similar markets and customers. Commercial & Residential
Solutions will continue the legacy of innovating to capture the customers and markets served by the Climate Technologies, Copeland, RIDGID and InSinkErator businesses.
customers have a single trusted partner to help solve their most complex
challenges and provide end-to-end solutions that aid in finishing projects faster and more efficiently, leading to increased cash flow and earnings for our customers. This comprehensive
approach – including project inception and planning; engineering expertise; our
leading product portfolio; software, sensors and secure data transmission; advanced
monitoring centers; and real-time response based on analytic tools – is the essence of “Consider It Solved.” Now is the time to refocus Emerson, and that is exactly what is underway as we rebuild a stronger, faster, nimbler company for our customers.
As we move through fiscal 2016 and beyond, solutions will continue to play a larger role in our business. True solutions are more than just a product in a specific application. Solutions allow our customers to leverage vast amounts of actionable data and innovative systems to fuel smart strategies and achieve Top Quartile
By realigning the Emerson portfolio, we will focus our management and investment on stronger, faster- growth markets, as well as moving more toward a broader solutions-oriented business model. Emerson has always been recognized for providing outstanding, innovative products and we will continue to lead in this way. However, as we anticipate the changes in
our customers’ worlds, we see growing demand for complete solutions-based and information-based technologies, systems and services. In Emerson,
22.8%
Return on Total Capital
 
Performance. This is the Internet of Things, a space where Emerson has excelled for years. Solutions built on reliable data and combined with our extensive experience are more efficient, more effective and deliver exactly what customers need. We highlight several of these solutions in this annual report.
As calendar 2015 draws to a close, I want to recognize the milestone on which this year started – the celebration of our 125th year in business. Around the world we celebrated our people, our history and our commitment to bringing new and better solutions to customers. I want to thank everyone who helped us celebrate and is playing a role in helping shape a strong Emerson for the next 125 years. We are now focused on the next milestone of transforming Emerson into a stronger, faster growing company for our customers, employees and shareholders.
I would like to thank our Board of Directors for their insights, engagement, guidance and support over
the past 12 months as we evaluated Emerson and determined where to focus the company for the future.
I also want to thank the global management teams and leaders for their efforts and support throughout this challenging process. Although we are in the early stages of the repositioning process, I am confident that we will emerge a stronger, more agile company for our customers, employees and shareholders.
It is with great honor and respect that I recognize and thank August Busch III for his nearly 30 years of leadership, support, vision and guidance. August has been a driven leader for growth, global investment and value creation at Emerson, and his wisdom will be missed.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and all of Emerson’s employees around the world, we thank you for your confidence and trust and look forward to a great
future together.
David N. Farr
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      2015 Annual Report | 5
