Letter to Shareholders
1999 marked the end of one era and the start of a new one for our company. On August 16, 1999, we announced that we had successfully closed a share exchange agreement with Enron Corp. to establish a new independent identity.
We’ve adopted a new name, EOG Resources, Inc., and continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “EOG.”
While our new independent status provided us with the ideal opportunity to re-evaluate our strategy, we remain on course with the precise direction we had previously charted. Our goal remains consistent: EOG Resources wants to be ranked the best indepen- dent exploration and production company in the industry. To meet this goal and continue to enhance shareholder value, we have rededicated ourselves to the fundamentals upon which our company was built. We also have reaffirmed that the discipline we have developed in running a leading exploration and pro- duction company will continue to position us for future growth.
Trends in the North American natural gas market will impact our success and we’re monitoring develop- ments closely. It is our thesis that the North American natural gas market is in the beginning stages of a tight multiyear supply and demand balance. Domestic nat- ural gas production has declined for the past two years and Canadian production growth has been slower than expected. U.S. natural gas demand today stands at 22 Tcf. The Gas Research Institute estimates that total U.S. demand will grow to 30 Tcf in the next ten years, primarily driven by electric generation, residen- tial and industrial applications. The North American
E&P industry has a difficult challenge to supply this demand increase, and this should provide continued natural gas price strength.
EOG Resources is well positioned to take advan- tage of this projected supply-constrained environment; • EOG Resources is natural gas focused. Consistent
with our weighting of prior years, 87 percent of our 1999 production was natural gas. Also, 87 percent of our total production comes from North America.
• EOG Resources is a low cost producer. In a com- modity industry like exploration and production, cost control is critical.
• EOG Resources is per share driven with oper- ating efficiencies magnified in per share perfor- mance. As a result of share repurchases subsequent to yearend, we now have 117 million shares out- standing, down from 154 million prior to the share exchange transaction.
• EOG Resources is a consistent performer, demonstrated by delivering superior 5 percent pro- duction growth on a per share basis to shareholders in 1999.
• EOG Resources is rate of return driven and has consistently maintained a rate of return capital invest- ment program that has consistently generated one of the highest net income to cash flow ratios in our peer group.
• The 775 employees who make up EOG Resources’ motivated workforce thrive in our decen-
 2 EOG RESOURCES, INC.

 tralized organization composed of seven North American divisions and one international division. All employees share in the company’s success through our employee stock option program.
• We plan additional international expansion using the same successful template we developed for our Trinidad activities and India and China opera- tions (which were transferred to Enron as part of the share exchange agreement).
• With our new independent identity, EOG Resources has the financial flexibility to consider larger acquisition opportunities. As always, new investments will be scrutinized carefully to ensure they are compati- ble with our operating strengths and company goals. Based upon current cash flow estimates, we expect to have free cash flow over and above our divisions’ drilling requirements. This free cash flow will be avail- able for property acquisitions, debt repayment or share repurchases.
The momentum at EOG Resources is exciting! We continue to believe that EOG Resources is extraordi- narily well positioned to add significant value to our shareholders.
In closing, we would like to express our appreciation to Forrest E. Hoglund who served as chairman since 1988. He retired, as previously planned, from the com- pany contemporaneous with the closing of the share exchange agreement. Our management and employees are most appreciative of Forrest’s leadership and vision from the time of the initial public offering through more than a decade of significant company growth.
Mark G. Papa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Edmund P. Segner, III President and Chief of Staff
Mark G. Papa, Edmund P. Segner, III
   1999 ANNUAL REPORT 3
