                LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
  The Proof is in the Numbers
EOG’s numbers added up to stellar performance for 2012. By efficiently executing our consistent long-term, high rate-of-return production growth strategy, EOG achieved:
• Total organic crude oil and condensate production growth of 39 percent;
• Discretionary cash flow growth of 26 percent;(1)
• Non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 50 percent;(1) and
• Adjusted EBITDAX growth of 26 percent;(1) while maintaining
• A net debt-to-total capitalization ratio below 30 percent.(1)
These metrics, based on year-over- year comparisons, position EOG at the forefront of the large-cap, independent E&P peer group. Ours is a well-thought-out methodology applied through steady, year- in year-out spadework.
 Back in 2007, EOG redirected its focus
toward crude oil when we foresaw that
market fundamentals would likely cause
weak North American natural gas prices for
an extended period. In fact, EOG was the
trailblazer in what has become the entire
industry’s shift away from natural gas.
EOG’s tenacity in believing that horizontal
crude oil shale plays would prove highly
economic has ultimately changed supply trends in the United States for decades to come.
Gary L. Thomas
Chief Operating Officer
Mark G. Papa
William R. Thomas
President
Subsequently, EOG secured a first-mover advantage by capturing the richest acreage in several of the largest onshore crude oil discoveries in the United States during the past 40 years. In our crown jewel, the South Texas Eagle Ford, EOG increased the estimated potential net crude oil equivalent reserves(2) by 38 percent, from 1.6
to 2.2 billion barrels equivalent (BnBoe), primarily from accessing new reserves through well downspacing and enhanced completion techniques. Employing the same basic formula to our second largest gem, we also added economic, previously bypassed crude oil production in the North Dakota Bakken/Three Forks.
1
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

                 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
 Based on success from applying more effective completion methodologies to the southeastern New Mexico Delaware Basin Leonard Shale play, we increased the net estimated reserve potential(2) of EOG’s 73,000 net acres from 65 million barrels of crude oil equivalent (MMBoe) to 550 MMBoe. Also in 2012, EOG identified a promising new Texas/New Mexico horizontal play in the Delaware Basin Wolfcamp with estimated net potential reserves(2) of 800 MMBoe. From multiple pay zone targets in our 114,000 net acre Delaware Basin footprint, the total estimated reserve potential(2) is approximately 1.35 BnBoe, net to EOG.
Last year, EOG-owned-and-operated mines helped us optimize sand costs in our major plays. When U.S. crude oil pricing differentials between major sales points widened last year, our crude-by-rail transportation system enabled us to sell a large part of EOG’s crude oil at premium market prices.
In 2012, our shareholders benefited from EOG’s success in capturing the best acreage positions in the best crude oil plays, using technology to maximize recovery of the hydrocarbons in place and generating additional value from the assets already in hand. Leading the large-cap, independent E&P peer group, EOG’s stock price
800Cumulative Crude-by-Rail Shipments Since Operations Began
2

 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
 increased 23 percent. This strong performance is consistent with our peer-leading 942 percent gain over our 13 years as a fully independent public company.
EOG’s Board of Directors again increased the cash dividend on the common stock in February 2013. Effective with the dividend payable on April 30, 2013, to stockholders of record as of April 16, 2013, the quarterly dividend on the common stock will be $0.1875 per share, an increase of 10 percent over the previous indicated annual rate. The current indicated annual rate of $0.75 reflects the 14th increase in 14 years.
Another of EOG’s strengths is our workforce. EOG’s tremendous momentum is driven by the superb technical expertise and dedication of our 2,650 men and women. For the seventh consecutive year, EOG was named to FORTUNE’s 2013 list of “100 Best Companies to Work For®.” This comprehensive review includes
EOG CASH DIVIDENDS
PER COMMON SHARE DECLARED ($)
0.75
0.68 0.62 0.64
EOG C COND (MBbl
55.2
09
       3
10 11 12 13*
* Indicated annual rate
                R E d

                 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
 an evaluation of a company’s policies and culture, as well as a survey of employees regarding credibility, respect, fairness, pride and camaraderie. We have made the FORTUNE list every year that EOG has been eligible to apply.
Totaling the Results
Last year, the robust expansion of domestic shale oil provided a bright spot in the midst of this country’s fiscal and economic malaise. At EOG, we believe that the oil and gas industry’s growth has the potential to pull the economy out of the doldrums, translating into a U.S. industrial renaissance.
By 2020, domestic shale oil production coupled with Canadian imports could significantly reduce or eliminate this country’s dependence on imported crude oil from outside North America, creating job growth both directly and indirectly. We estimate that this once-in-a-lifetime event and newfound self-sufficiency could dramatically change this country’s balance-of-payments picture, as well as affect U.S. foreign policy.
Looking ahead, EOG projects modestly positive GDP growth in the United States and, more importantly, in
4
EOG Outproduces Other Horizontal Shale Oil Producers by
2:1
Ratio

 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
 the highly populated Asian countries of China and India, EwOhGiCleAStHheDIVEIDuErNoDzSone may PER COMMON SHARE DECLARED
($)
EOG CRUDE OIL AND EO CONDENSATE PRODUCTION PR
 continue to stagnate. These trends could translate into global crude oil demand
0.75
(MBbld)
(M
7
 growth of roughly 1 million barrels per day per year, which should keep prices robust.
157.9
 EOG is well positioned to benefit from these increases.
We also expect the current over-supply of both natural gas and ethane to
continue to depress prices for those commodities, further challenging the profitability
of drilling for both liquids-rich and dry North American natural gas. Nevertheless, the
plethora of natural gas reserves that the industry has discovered in domestic shale
formations could provide the United States with the lowest, stable, long-term natural
gas prices of any industrialized country for roughly the next 30 years. This important
* Indicated annual rate
113.4
0.68 0.62 0.64
 74.7 55.2
   development already is attracting new industry to the United States, particularly
chemical and steel manufacturers.
5
10 11 12 13*
09 10 11 12 0
                G O B
8

                 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
 Strategy that Counts
EOG’s strategy for 2013 and beyond is to continue our focus on organic high rate-of-return crude oil production. To enhance our financial metrics, we will continue to refine our technical expertise with the goal of increasing recoveries in our existing shale oil plays. In addition, we will seek to capture new North American crude oil or liquids-rich shale plays where we can again secure that invaluable first-mover advantage, while adhering to a strong balance sheet.
We believe EOG has both the finest and deepest inventory of domestic crude oil assets, as well as the most outstanding employees in the entire oil and gas industry. With the most attractive drilling program in
our history, EOG has the critical assets in place to make 2013 another outstanding year. We have developed effective technology to optimize EOG’s assets, and we are committed to doing so responsibly for the long term, safeguarding the environment and our neighbors in the communities where we operate.
#1:Biggest Oil Producer in the Eagle Ford
6

                 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
 At EOG, we take pride in our leadership in the evolution of the North American oil and gas industry, first in the natural gas shale boom and, more recently, at
the helm of pioneering the shale oil revolution. We will continue to do our part in helping to strengthen the U.S. economy, while enhancing financial returns for EOG’s stockholders.
Mark G. Papa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 22, 2013
Footnotes
(1) Refer to reconciliation schedules on pages 114-117. (2) Estimated potential reserves, not proved reserves.
EOG TOTAL LIQUIDS PRODUCTION (MBbld)
213.8
155.8
105.1 78.8
09 10 11 12
        7
