LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 CONSISTENCY SETS US APART
 Mark G. Papa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Edmund P. Segner, III
President and Chief of Staff
At EOG Resources, our strategy continues to be simple, straight-forward and disciplined. To us, being predictable is anything but dull. In fact, we consider it our hallmark.
We consistently focus on North American natural gas, augmented with a select number of profitable oil plays. Only international niches that play to our strengths are included in our game plan. We consistently grow our company through the drillbit, seeking acquisitions that fit this emphasis. We consistently focus on the bottom line, building on our reputation as a low-cost producer with a passion for efficiency. We consistently operate a decentralized organization, allowing our explorationists, who are among the best and brightest in the business, a maximum amount of flexibility and a minimum level of bureaucracy. We consistently deliver favorable returns to our shareholders.
2003 HIGHLIGHTS
EOG’s penchant for managing the company for the long-term, rather than for fast, short-term attention, is on course. Last year, EOG delivered record operating earnings. Net income available to common was $419.1 million, or $3.60 per share as compared to $76.1 million, or $0.65 per share for the full year 2002, reflecting higher commodity prices. We substantially added to our reserve base by replacing 249 percent of production at an attractive $1.28 per Mcfe finding cost. From drilling alone, we replaced 183 percent of production at a $1.21 per Mcfe finding cost.
Just as important, if not more so, 2003 was a year in which several fundamentals were put in place that set us up for meaningful reserve and production growth — primarily through the drillbit — in 2004, 2005 and 2006.
EOG closed the largest property acquisition in its history on October 1, the purchase of natural gas properties in the Wintering Hills, Drumheller East and
1

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Twining areas of southeast Alberta, Canada, from a subsidiary of Husky Energy Inc. for approximately US $320 million. This tactical move increases EOG’s Canadian drilling inventory, primarily in the footprint of our very successful shallow natural gas program in southern Alberta. It also complements EOG’s existing Canadian assets by providing incremental reserve potential and significantly increasing our coal bed methane acreage position in the Twining Field.
In Trinidad, EOG agreed to a 15-year contract to ultimately supply
87 MMcfd of natural gas to the M5000 methanol plant, based on current price and operating assumptions. Now under construction, this new facility is expected to start up in mid-2005 with EOG supplying 67 MMcfd for the first four years. EOG has no equity investment in this operation. The contract was signed in early 2004.
Another highlight of 2003 was the addition of long-term international production growth with a new venue in the Southern Gas Basin of the United Kingdom North Sea. The first production of approximately 40 MMcfd from two farm-in discoveries is expected to begin in late 2004.
Our steady efforts to develop long-term growth through the identification of larger targets has proven a successful supplement to our base program of drilling numerous wells in repeatable technology plays. Based on this stable foundation, last fall EOG announced total company production growth targets of 6.5 percent in 2004, 10 percent in 2005 and 7 percent in 2006.
LOOKING AHEAD
In 2004, we plan to spend a portion of our estimated capital expenditure budget of $1.1 billion (excluding acquisitions) to drill internally generated, ‘big target’ ideas. North American natural gas continues to be a key component of this effort. When it fits our strategy, we’ll make acquisitions that bolster existing drilling programs or offer us incremental exploration and/or production opportunities.
2
 YEAR-END RESERVES
(Bcfe)
5,216
4,602 4,229
3,821
00 01 02 03
Trinidad/International North America
DAILY NATURAL GAS PRODUCTION (MMcfd)
908 921 924 955
                   00 01 02 03

At EOG, energy describes both our industry and the zeal of employees like Big Piney, Wyo. Production Foreman Al Luckow (left) and Senior Gauger Jackie Hunt (right), whose efforts help to maintain the company’s reputation as a consistent low-cost producer.
  CONSISTENCYCONSISTENCY CONSISTENCYRELIABILITY CONSISTENCYCONSISTENCY
 
EOG’s consistent growth through the drillbit strategy offers employees like Oklahoma Production Foreman Rick Burke (left) and Field Drilling Superintendent Stan Rauh (right) tremendous opportunity to extract new reserves to meet America’s energy needs.
  CONSISTENCYCONSISTENCY CONSISTENCYSTABILITY CONSISTENCYCONSISTENCY
 
 RESERVE REPLACEMENT
249%
201%193% 152%
00 01 02 03
        YEAR-END DEBT-TO-TOTAL CAPITALIZATION RATIO
41% 38%
34%
  33%
      00 01 02 03
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Through an aggressive drilling program offshore Trinidad, we are seeking additional reserves with the objective of entering new markets that increasingly are aligning with the North American natural gas business. For example, major liquefied natural gas (LNG) imports are serious contenders to meet increasing U.S. demand. In addition, ammonia, methanol and chemical production is relocating from North America to Trinidad, driven by attractive natural gas feedstock prices in the island nation.
Our successful North Sea base has provided us with a moderate risk entry strategy in building a new international platform. In 2004, we are assessing additional exciting farm-in opportunities.
Looking ahead, EOG’s prospects are considerably larger and more visible than in the past. In fact, EOG is prospect rich. However, continued growth through the drillbit demands a dedicated, ongoing, company-wide effort to excel in an environment where the targets are increasingly difficult to identify. Our ability to control costs is critical, as is a very steady pace of activity. We intend to maintain a very active prospect generation program.
Consistently, EOG is on track regarding all these goals.
DOMESTIC NATURAL GAS SUPPLIES REMAIN TIGHT
The domestic natural gas industry in which EOG operates is under considerable stress. According to the National Petroleum Council, natural gas currently fuels approximately 25 percent of U.S. energy, generating about 19 percent of electric power, supplying heat to over 60 million households and providing over 40 percent of all primary energy for industries. However, the gap between domestic natural gas supply and demand is expected to continue to widen, resulting in higher prices and volatility. A recent National Petroleum Council study indicates that, even with increasing LNG imports after 2007, traditional North American supply basins will continue to supply the vast majority of natural gas to serve U.S. markets.
5

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 EOG’S PAST IS PROLOGUE FOR FUTURE PERFORMANCE
EOG’s stock price increased 16 percent in 2003 and in February 2004, we raised the indicated annual dividend from $0.20 to $0.24 per share, the fourth increase in five years. Over the last four years, we have delivered a 163 percent increase in share price to our shareholders, the best return of any exploration and production company on the Standard & Poor’s 500.
EOG continues to have strong debt coverage ratios and our return on equity and return on capital employed are among the best in our peer group. For the second consecutive year, we were ranked by a leading brokerage firm as having the most conservative accounting practices of the large-cap exploration and production companies.
Consistency continues to galvanize the combined efforts of our 1,120 employees as we continue to build a strong exploration and production company that can ride out the peaks and valleys, the ebbs and flows, of the energy business. We’ve built our workforce with talented technical professionals in their respective fields who thrive in our highly collaborative, decentralized office environment.
In May 2004, Ed Randall, who has been an EOG board member since 1990, will retire. We will miss Ed’s astute advice and counsel.
In our estimation, EOG’s past performance is the prologue to our future success. We have never felt more confident about this company and our ability to execute our strategy, this year, and in years to come.
Mark G. Papa Edmund P. Segner, III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief of Staff
March 1, 2004
  6
 EXPLORATION & DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (Millions)
$1,333 $1,163
$836 $710
00 01 02 03
Trinidad/International North America
CASH DIVIDENDS PER COMMON SHARE
$.240*
$.180 $.155$.160
01 02 03 04E
* Indicated current level
                  