                Letter to Stockholders
FOCUSED ON OIL
EOG’s shift to a more heavily weighted crude oil portfolio gained momentum in 2010. We made measureable headway in this fundamental business transition process by focusing our exploration, leasehold and drilling activities primarily on crude oil and natural gas liquids
rather than natural gas.
In 2010, North American wellhead revenues were 53 percent liquids and 47 percent natural gas. This compares to 24 percent and 76 percent, respectively, when we began this transition to liquids four years ago. Total company liquids production increased 33 percent last year, driven by a 35 percent increase in crude oil and condensate production, all organic. These results are also indicative of EOG’s philosophy to make this transition through the drillbit in order to generate the highest rates of return possible.
   WHY EOG FAVORS CRUDE OIL
We believe global demand for crude oil will remain robust and that pricing will also show strength. Looking back at crude oil demand, 2010 exhibited the second strongest year- over-year growth in the last 30 years with annual prices averaging the second highest level ever recorded. The levels of demand and growth witnessed in 2010 have accelerated the thinning of excess inventories and may signal the start of a sustained period of contraction of global upstream spare capacity. This could, in turn, drive prices higher.(1)
At EOG, we are bullish about crude oil demand and the upside potential for crude oil prices over the next 10-plus years. We expect 2011 will be a year of further growth in demand, slowing supply-side response, a gradually more proactive OPEC, greater geopolitical turbulence and influence and greater crude oil price volatility with directionally higher annual average prices.(1)
MARK G. PAPA
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Conversely, a glut of North American natural gas exists due to the industry’s success in horizontal shale drilling and its ability to readily unlock new sources of supply. For that reason, EOG is less enthusiastic about the short- term outlook for natural gas but we remain enthusiastic about its long-term potential.
OUR CRUDE OIL STRATEGY SETS US APART
We think EOG’s crude oil and natural gas liquids strategy is unique in our industry because we focus on three goals. First, EOG strives to be the early-mover in identifying new North American onshore crude oil resource plays. Using our technical advantage, our explorationists quietly scout different areas and analyze rocks that are amenable to substantial horizontal crude oil development potential. Then, at very low costs, we acquire meaningful leasehold positions in what we determine will be the most productive areas. By securing acreage at early-mover costs in these sweet spots, we continue our longstanding formula of organic growth with a focus on returns.
Our second goal is to make business decisions based on retaining 100 percent ownership in these properties. This enables EOG to act quickly and retain control of costs, while keeping our expertise in-house. We have no plans to dilute EOG’s interest in our highly successful crude oil plays by entering into joint ventures or other financial transactions.
EOG’s third goal is to apply our characteristically low-cost development expertise and achieve high year-over- year organic liquids production growth in these prolific new plays. That should enable us to achieve high rates of return on our capital investment programs.
1 Barclays Capital
   2010 ANNUAL REPORT 1

                 Letter to Stockholders
 2
EOG RESOURCES, INC.
FOCUSED ON
gaining an early-mover advantage in identifying new North American onshore crude oil resource plays

                 Letter to Stockholders
SUCCESS WITH AN UNCOMPLICATED STRATEGY
The Eagle Ford in South Texas is a prime example of how EOG has put these goals into practice. Before the play was widely recognized, we quietly acquired approximately 520,000 net acres over a 120-mile trend across six counties at low cost in the coveted mature crude oil window. Contrast that number to recent Eagle Ford lease transactions in which other industry players have paid over $10,000 per acre. EOG has captured an estimated 900 MMBoe, net after royalty, of potential reserves that are 77 percent crude oil and 88 percent total liquids – crude oil and condensate and natural gas liquids. In the short timeframe between our discovery well’s first production in April 2009 and year-end 2010, EOG has become the largest crude oil producer in the South Texas Eagle Ford.
EOG DAILY PRODUCTION
Based on results to date, EOG has determined that because of the Eagle Ford’s (MBoed) relatively straightforward geology, it will be a predictable play to develop. We are
seeing repeatable well results across our 120-mile lease position with a success
rate of 100 percent. That is outstanding performance for a start-up operation. With 331.3 an inventory of more than 2,000 drilling locations, EOG is making notable progress
in increasing the reserves per well and applying horizontal drilling and completion efficiencies to reduce overall well costs, thus maximizing the rate of return on this asset.
    386.4 352.9
      EOG’s success with this uncomplicated strategy also is reflected in our broad cadre
of premier crude oil assets. With a major acreage position built early on, we are the
biggest crude oil producer in the North Dakota Bakken/Three Forks Play. We have
a dominant position in the Fort Worth Basin Barnett Shale Combo Play, where we
expanded our core area from 90,000 net acres a year ago to 175,000 net acres
today. With approximately 120,000 net acres, we have very competitive positions
in the Leonard-Avalon Shale in the West Texas-New Mexico border area and the 07 08 09 10 Denver-Julesburg Basin Horizontal Niobrara, where we hold approximately 300,000
net acres in Colorado and Wyoming. Further expanding our exploration activities in the West Texas Permian Basin, we reported successful drilling results in early 2011 from the Wolfcamp crude oil play, where we hold 120,000 net acres. In Manitoba’s Waskada crude oil play, we have increased the productivity of an older field using this same horizontal drilling and completion technology.
EOG’S ASSESSMENT OF NATURAL GAS
By using our technical expertise to gain early-mover advantages, EOG has accumulated a large inventory of quality natural gas assets over the years. This includes acreage in the Haynesville/Bossier Play on the Texas- Louisiana border, where we have approximately 183,000 net acres with 11 Tcf of potential net reserves primarily in two separate sweet spots. In the Pennsylvania Marcellus Shale, EOG has over 3 Tcf of potential net reserves on 210,000 quality net acres. The Fort Worth Barnett Shale is EOG’s largest producing natural gas field with over 240,000 net acres. In Utah’s Uinta Basin, EOG’s potential net reserves are approximately 7 Tcf. Other notable EOG natural gas assets are in South Texas and the Green River Basin in Wyoming.
In British Columbia, EOG Resources Canada Inc. and its partner continue to make progress on a planned LNG export terminal at Kitimat. The project is expected to enhance the value of plentiful natural gas reserves in Western Canada with first sales targeted for late 2015. This project’s potential off-take agreements, which would be fed by EOG’s Horn River Basin operations and other natural gas fields in British Columbia and Alberta, may be linked to crude oil-indexed markets in Asia.
288.2
      2010 ANNUAL REPORT 3

                 Letter to Stockholders
A SUITE OF HIGH-QUALITY CRUDE OIL ASSETS
In 2010, EOG’s North American natural gas production declined by 2 percent compared to 2009 levels. This retraction reflects the company’s overall strategy to transition to a more heavily weighted crude oil and liquids- rich portfolio, as well as continued weak natural gas pricing fundamentals. EOG also sold some non-core natural gas assets to finance higher rate-of-return liquids projects. In 2011, EOG’s natural gas drilling program will be limited to core North American dry gas assets in order to hold leases. This allows us to remain well positioned to capitalize on our proved natural gas reserves as market fundamentals improve.
Because our success to date in finding new crude oil plays has given us a suite of reinvestment opportunities, 2011 will be an active drilling year. We have meaningful drilling commitments to achieve EOG’s goals in 2011 and beyond. To maintain a rational debt strategy, EOG plans to sell non-core properties to help fund our crude oil drilling program. Over time, we expect to reduce EOG’s balance sheet leverage as our newer plays become more mature and generate high levels of cash flow.
  Historically, EOG has delivered favorable returns but, like the rest of the industry in 2010, we were impacted by exceedingly low natural gas prices. However, EOG has a strategy in place to improve returns in the future. Bullish crude oil market forecasts, combined with EOG’s early transition to crude oil and efficient drilling programs, should help us achieve better margins and returns in 2011 and thereafter.
Following an increase in the common stock dividend in 2010, EOG’s Board of Directors again increased the cash dividend on the common stock in February 2011. Effective with the dividend payable on April 29, 2011, to holders of record as of April 15, 2011, the quarterly dividend on the common stock will be $0.16 per share, an increase of 3 percent over the previous indicated annual rate. The indicated annual rate of $0.64 per share reflects the 12th increase in 12 years.
EOG EMPLOYEES – EOG’S PRIDE
Recently, EOG was named again to FORTUNE’s list of “100 Best Companies to Work For®” for the fifth consecutive year. We have made the list every year we have been eligible to apply. This is another benchmark of EOG’s consistent and extraordinary culture.
EOG CASH DIVIDENDS
PER COMMON SHARE DECLARED ($)
0.62 0.64 0.58
        0.51
      4
EOG RESOURCES, INC.
While we are proud of this recognition, what is most noteworthy about the achievement is that it shows EOG’s employees have a high level of job satisfaction. We see that reflected in the outstanding work they accomplish and the way they collaborate. Our talented employees, who number approximately 2,300 worldwide, have a choice of exploration and production industry employers. We are proud that this fine group of men and women, who value teamwork yet are individually high achievers, choose to work at EOG and concentrate on achieving our common goals.
At all EOG locations, our employees and contractors share a commitment to operate safely and emphasize environmental stewardship. In the communities where our decentralized teams of employees live and work, they make a sincere effort to give back. By sharing their skills, energy and enthusiasm, they improve the quality of life for many of their neighbors, earning respect for EOG. Our employees participate in volunteer activities not because EOG expects them to do so but because they are leaders who believe that making a difference is important.
08 09 10 11*
* Indicated current level

                 Letter to Stockholders
FOCUSED ON
achieving high year- over-year organic liquids production growth in our prolific new resource plays
 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
5

                 Letter to Stockholders
FOCUSED ON
retaining 100 percent ownership interest
in our cadre of crude oil resource plays
 6
EOG RESOURCES, INC.

                Letter to Stockholders
PREDICTABLE, RELIABLE, AFFORDABLE AMERICAN ENERGY
ON BEHALF OF OUR INDUSTRY
EOG is proud of our industry’s remarkable accomplishments, which we consider an under-reported energy industry news story. Collectively, independent exploration and production companies have dramatically altered our country’s natural gas supply profile by realizing the greatest advances the industry has seen in the last 40 years. Drilling horizontal shale wells and completing them with multi-stage fracturing is making natural gas resources available at economical costs. We expect our industry will also positively impact the nation’s crude oil supply over the next five years.
    Look at the facts. In 2009, the United States grew crude oil production for the first time since 1971. Using horizontal technology to unlock new crude oil resources from shales and other types of unconventional rock can positively impact our economy. With continued success, we can improve the nation’s balance of payments; decrease our country’s dependence on foreign energy; create jobs – both directly and indirectly; generate federal, state and local revenues; and strengthen national energy security.
We expect soft natural gas prices, which have benefited the consumer, to remain at low to moderate levels for the next several years. However, looking at the future of this abundant fuel source with its inherent environmental benefits, the growth of markets such as electricity generation and natural gas vehicles is expected to continue to emerge and become a market force. Therefore, the outlook for natural gas in years to come is bright.
Our industry has created a predictable, reliable, affordable and homegrown resource base of crude oil and natural gas that is expected to benefit this nation throughout this century.
EOG CRUDE OIL AND CONDENSATE PRODUCTION (MBbld)
74.7
55.2 45.5
31.2
07 08 09 10
            In 2011 and beyond, EOG is focused. By applying our key strategies to our large
inventory of high-quality assets, we will continue the transition that will make EOG’s name synonymous with successful North American onshore crude oil exploration and production. As we do so, we will be helping the United States redefine its energy future by developing this country’s rich crude oil and natural gas resources.
Mark G. Papa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 24, 2011
 2010 ANNUAL REPORT 7
