  DEAR
All of this was accomplished while maintaining one of the lowest carbon footprints of any utility in the country and continuing our partnership with the communities we serve through financial contributions and the incredible volunteer efforts of our employees.
SHARE
Prior to his death last year, former Chairman of the Board Kenneth Heitz served as a dedicated director of the Company for 17 years. During his tenure on the Board, the Company delivered a six-fold increase in its stock price; completely refinanced its capital structure, returning the Company to financial health; emerged from a 15-year rate freeze and established regulated rates in Texas and New Mexico; and began a capital construction program that will result in capital expenditures of $1.2 billion over the next five years to power the region’s future. In honor of Mr. Heitz’s commitment to education and his leadership and dedication to our community, EE is creating two scholarship endowments for students of electrical engineering, one at New Mexico State University and one at the University of Texas at El Paso.
Michael K. Parks, who worked closely with Mr. Heitz during their 17 years together on the Board, was elected Chairman of the Board in July. Like Mr. Heitz, Mr. Parks has served on the EE Board since 1996, most recently as Vice Chairman. In 2012, the Board elected two new directors, Edward Escudero and Woodley “Woody” L. Hunt. The addition of these two highly qualified directors brings vast additional knowledge and experience to the Board and the Company. Both are respected leaders in the city of El Paso and have deep roots, vast experience, and a history of public service in our communities. Mr. Escudero is a CPA and President and Chief Executive Of- ficer of High Desert Capital LLC, a finance company that specializes in providing capital alternatives to small and mid-size companies. He previously served as Chairman of the Board of El Paso’s water utility, the Public Service Board. Mr. Hunt is Chairman and Chief Executive Offi- cer of Hunt Companies Inc. and its affiliated companies. Founded in 1947, the privately owned Hunt Companies is a leading national real estate investment, management and development firm. Mr. Hunt’s focus and experience includes public-private partnerships, community devel- opment, real-asset investment management, and multi- family housing. Mr. Hunt previously served on the Board of PNM Resources Inc. in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
These additions complement the extraordinary team of 985 EE employees who live and work in our service territory. Their dedication and commitment is unparalleled. This was evident in late October, when volunteers offered their services to assist with the restoration efforts necessitated by Hurricane Sandy. Twenty-nine Company volunteers travelled to New York and worked long hours, under difficult conditions, to speed the restoration of electric service. The Edison Electric Institute honored EE employees for this effort with its 2012 Emergency
HOLDERS:
2012 was a year marked by both change and progress for El Paso Electric (“EE” or the “Company”), as well as sadness over the death of our Chairman of the Board and good friend Kenneth Heitz, who passed away in July. Michael Parks, who previously served as Vice Chairman of the Board, transitioned to the chairmanship.
At the 2012 annual meeting, Tom Shockley became our new Chief Executive Officer after serving on the Company’s Board of Directors for several years. Tom has more than 30 years of experience in the electric utility industry and, in 2004, retired as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of American Electric Power Inc.
In terms of progress, EE is fortunate to be part of vibrant and growing communities in Far West Texas and Southern New Mexico. To provide for this continuing growth and development, and the planned retirement of obsolete generating units, the Company expects to invest $1.2 billion in capital projects over the next five years. Those projects include a new power plant site in Far East El Paso, our first new generation site within our service territory in more than 50 years. These investments highlight EE’s commitment to partnering with our communities to promote growth while providing safe, clean, affordable and reliable energy, along with the highest level of customer service.
Some of the most significant accomplishments of 2012 include ...
• Being recognized as the most reliable investor-owned
utility in Texas based on reliability indices compiled by
the Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUCT)
• Entering into consensual settlement of a rate case in Texas for the benefit of our customers and the Company, which also allowed us to better work with the City of El Paso to promote economic development
• Movingforwardwitheconomic-developmentinitiatives
to spur growth across our service territory
• Adding 22 megawatts of solar capacity, making EE among the top utilities in the nation on a solar-energy-
per-customer basis
• Beginning construction on a $93 million local natural-
gas generation unit
• Adding two new Board members, both from within our
El Paso service territory, augmenting the experience and expertise of our Board
    
 Assistance Award. December 2012 also marked the Company’s 10th anniversary of its listing on the New York Stock Exchange, and we were honored to have one of our Hurricane Sandy volunteers ring the opening bell at the exchange. At home, our employees’ work earned EE the highest 2012 rankings for investor-owned utilities in Texas for the System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI) and the System Average Interruption Frequency Index (SAIFI), which are reliability indices compiled by the Public Utility Commission of Texas. At all levels, the skill and commitment needed to achieve our vision of providing safe, clean, affordable and reliable energy through superior production, acquisition and delivery is
EE to increase its communications with local and state officials. This environment has resulted in multiple new opportunities for discussion and cooperation regarding future development, necessary investments, and the requirements for future rate cases, as well as greater project coordination, which ultimately leads to cost savings for all parties.
These developments are extremely important, as EE is investing $1.2 billion in capital projects over the next five years. These projects are being carefully planned to align with the energy needs of our communities, while limiting our carbon footprint and incorporating renewable energy into EE’s portfolio. In January, EE broke ground on an addition to local power generation station Rio Grande Nine. This $93 million investment (including allowance for funds used during construction) is expected to generate 87 MW of electricity, enough to power approximately 37,000 homes. The natural-gas-fueled aeroderivative turbine, GE’s LMS-100, offers peaking capability, which will enhance the efficiencies of EE’s generation as the Company adds renewable-energy sources. This peaking capability will also accommodate the region’s significant load variations. Our cash capital construction program includes the planned addition of four additional LMS- 100 units to be built at a new power station in Far East El Paso County, the Montana Power Station. The plan calls for one unit per year to be placed into service from 2014 to 2017. Approximately $298 million, including $62 million of common costs, is projected to be spent on cash construction at the new Montana Power Station through 2017. Construction will commence once all permits are secured.
Our cash capital construction plan through 2017 also includes approximately $17 million for the initial construction of a combined-cycle unit (288 MW), which is scheduled to be commercially operable in 2021. In addition, the plan includes $166 million for the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station, $488 million for transmission and distribution expenditures to connect new generation and serve our expanding customer base, and $140 million for general capital expenditures through 2017. Approximately $42 million of general capital expenditures is earmarked for the construction of two new distribution service centers on the east and west sides of El Paso, which will serve to consolidate many current operations and increase efficiency.
Currently, EE expects to need to file a request to increase rates in Texas in the second quarter of 2015. The anticipated need for rate recovery is necessitated predominantly by investments in Rio Grande Unit Nine and Montana Power Station Unit 1, which are scheduled to be commercially operable in May 2013 and November 2014, respectively.
As noted above, the new generation units are fueled by natural gas. These clean and efficient units, combined
 evident on a daily basis.
The entire EE team is ready and working to meet the
growing needs of our region. We are working together to create new opportunities and take advantage of our unique position in serving two states along the U.S.- Mexico border and several major military bases, including Fort Bliss. EE is working with our partners at local and state levels to ensure that we are prepared to provide the services they want and need as our economy grows.
While 2012 started off with the filing of a rate case in Texas, we were able to reach a settlement with the parties that has proved to have numerous positive outcomes, including a new rider that supports the region’s economic- development efforts. It also created an environment for

  with our existing generation portfolio, place EE among the leaders in clean energy by maintaining one of the lowest carbon footprints for a generating utility in the country. In addition, this new technology allows us to continue to add solar generation to our system.
In 2012, EE continued its commitment to support and develop solar-energy resources in our service territory. These projects not only provide a more diversified generation portfolio, but also support research and education in solar-energy utilization. We partnered with El Paso Community College (EPCC) to fund the installation of solar panels that can generate up to 19 kW of electricity while being used in EPCC’s renewable-energy education curriculum. EE and SunEdison, a leading worldwide solar-energy services provider, collaborated on two solar facilities built in Southern New Mexico, with capacities of 12 MW and 10 MW. These projects are made possible through a power-purchase agreement between EE and SunEdison, under which SunEdison built and operates the facilities, and EE purchases all power generated by the stations. Also in 2012, EE added the 31 kW Stanton Tower Solar Installation. The installation is on the roof of EE’s corporate headquarters in Downtown El Paso. Finally, in November, EE announced the execution of a power-purchase agreement with Element Power for the total output from the Macho Springs Solar Project, a 50 MW solar photovoltaic power station to be built near Deming, New Mexico, on land leased from the New Mexico State Land Office. When completed, this project will be the largest solar project in the state of New Mexico. EE selected this project from a competitive all-sources power request for proposals. The project’s output will provide electricity to our customers at a competitive rate and enhance EE’s increasing renewable-energy portfolio.
EE continues to evaluate opportunities to participate in additional projects to expand its renewable-energy portfolio. With the addition of the Macho Springs Solar Project, renewable-energy projects both owned and purchased by EE will represent 5 percent of our net- dependable generating capacity. This represents one of the largest percentages of renewable energy for a utility company in the United States.
Financially, as expected, due in part to the Texas rate settlement and a return to normal weather in 2012 (2011 was one of the hottest years on record, with 50 days of triple-digit temperatures), earnings declined from $2.49 per basic share in 2011 to $2.27 per basic share in 2012.
Thomas V. Shockley III Chief Executive Officer
These results represent strong operating performance and are in line with expectations. Consistent with the decline of the S&P 500 Electric Utilities Index and the S&P 500 Utility Index, the Company’s total shareholder return and stock price declined slightly as well. We are pleased, nonetheless, with the overall return provided to shareholders, with EE’s stock price having appreciated at a compound annual growth rate of 16.3 percent since 2009.
EE continued paying a quarterly cash dividend on common stock in 2012, distributing a total of $38.9 million in cash dividends in 2012. The Company increased its quarterly cash dividend by 13.6 percent to an annual rate of $1.00 per share (from $0.88 per share) in the second quarter of 2012, its first increase since EE re-instituted a common stock dividend in 2011. EE will continue to evaluate all aspects of the current cash-dividend policy.
In 2012, EE refinanced pollution-control bonds, saving interest and insurance expenses, and issued $150 million of 10-year unsecured senior notes at a coupon rate of 3.3 percent. The savings and proceeds should provide appropriate liquidity and flexibility to fund our planned capital construction program for the next 12 months.
Finally, EE employees continued their commitment to our communities, not only by serving customers but also by contributing their time and efforts assisting nonprofit organizations through volunteering. In 2012, EE employees contributed more than 13,000 hours of volunteer work in the El Paso/Las Cruces area. In addition, EE continued its commitment to supporting cultural, educational and quality-of-life programs and events that contribute to the growth and development of our region.
We look forward to a busy 2013 as we continue working with our communities and providing sufficient safe, clean, affordable and reliable energy to meet their needs. We are excited about the potential that lies ahead for EE and the region it serves, and we are looking forward to a bright future. We thank our shareholders and all our stakeholders for their continued support, and we are confident that we are enhancing value.
2012 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
  FINANCIAL ($000)
Operating Revenues
Retail Non-Fuel Base Revenues
Deregulated Palo Verde Unit 3 Proxy Market Pricing Off-System Sales Gross Margins
Retained Margins
Net Income (before extraordinary item) Total Assets
COMMON STOCK DATA
Earnings Per Share (income before extraordinary item) (diluted weighted average) Market Price Per Share (year-end close)
Book Value Per Share
Common Stock Equity
Shares Outstanding at End of Year Weighted Average Number of Shares
& Dilutive Potential Shares Outstanding Number of Registered Holders as of 12/31
2010
$ 536,309 $ 16,103 $ 11,801 $ 5,687 $ 90,317 $ 2,364,766
$ 2.07 $ 27.53 $ 19.04 $ 810,375
42,571,065
43,294,419 3,453
(a)
$ $ $ $ $ $
$ $ $ $
2011
569,956 14,820 3,323 (560) 103,539 2,396,851
2.48 34.64 19.03
760,251 39,959,154
41,587,059 3,340
$ $ $ $ $ $
$ $ $ $
2012
560,282 9,848 10,289 1,098 90,846 2,669,050
2.26 31.91 20.57
824,999 40,112,078
40,055,581 2,767
      Michael K. Parks Chairman of the Board
(a) 2010 earnings include a one-time noncash charge of $4.8 million or $0.11 per share related to recognizing a change in the tax law included in the health-reform legislation, which eliminated the tax benefit of Medicare Part D subsidies.
