In 2016, El Paso Electric Company (“EE” or the
“Company”) achieved several significant Company
milestones and celebrated a year of continued
growth and development in the region we serve.
Our successes in 2016 would not have been possible
without the more than 1,100 dedicated employees
who work hard every day to provide outstanding levels
of service to our customers in west Texas and southern
New Mexico.
Our region is fortunate to continue benefitting from
several multi-million dollar construction projects in both
the public and private sectors. During this period of
robust economic expansion, the Company continues
to provide consistently clean, safe and reliable electrical
service, all while preparing for continued customer
growth and demand.
We were very pleased to have obtained final orders
in our rate cases in Texas and New Mexico. In Texas,
which accounts for approximately 80% of our non-fuel
base revenues, we received a final order that resulted
in $40.9 million of non-fuel base revenues being
recorded in 2016. The successful completion of our rate
cases was achieved through collaboration between all
parties involved, and we look forward to continuing
to communicate openly with our communities and
stakeholders affected by changes in our rates.
In July, we completed the sale of the Company’s
ownership interest in the Four Corners Generating
Station, making us a coal-free utility. The sale of our
interest in this plant allows EE to make use of cleaner
technologies that are both more efficient and more
responsive to changes in demand. This milestone,
coupled with our efforts in expanding our renewable
portfolio, means that we have prevented 2 billion
pounds of CO2 emissions from the atmosphere,
further reducing our already low carbon footprint.
On July 14, 2016, we set another native system peak
record of 1,892 megawatts, which surpassed our 2015
record peak of 1,794 megawatts by 5.5%. Due to the
continued growth in our service territory, the Company
has set a new native peak record in 15 out of the past
16 years.
That same month, the Company completed the
Montana Power Generating Station, a critical
component in our efforts to reliably meet the region’s
increasing demand, by placing Units 3 and 4 into
commercial operation. Together with Units 1 and 2,
these four units added a total of 354 megawatts
of clean burning natural gas to our local generation
fleet, and will provide enough energy to meet the
needs of more than 160,000 homes in our growing
service territory.
In Texas, we ranked number one in reliability for
both the frequency and duration of outages. This
contributed to achieving above target customer
satisfaction and call center performance for the
year as well.
All of these successes are due to our greatest
asset – our employees. The continued partnership with
our IBEW Local Union 960, with whom we successfully
completed negotiations for a three year collective
bargaining agreement in 2016, has helped us further
our commitment to safely provide reliable power
to our region.
In 2016, our employees continued the Company’s long
tradition of community service by volunteering more
than 9,500 hours to our local communities. We are
proud to support their dedicated participation,
often in key leadership roles, in numerous organizations
that benefit the communities that we serve.
In looking ahead to further innovation and growth
in our community, the Company is excited to make
2017 a year of great strides in energy technology and
renewable energy projects. This year, we will begin our
Demand Response program, which will allow customers
to voluntarily subscribe to help lower peak demand
during the times of highest energy usage. Additionally,
we anticipate the completion of the three megawatt
Texas Community Solar program, the first of its kind in
Texas, and the five megawatt dedicated solar facility at
the Holloman Air Force Base. These renewable energy
projects will be the first large-scale solar facilities to be
owned and operated by the Company, and allow us
to realize one of the Company’s objectives of adding
affordable large scale solar to our generation mix.
We made great strides in 2016 in ensuring the continued
reliability and improvement of our power grid. With the
completion of the Montana Power Generating Station
and upgrades to existing infrastructure, EE has added
an additional $444 million of capital investment since
2015. To begin the process of recovering its most recent
investments, the Company filed a general rate case in
Texas on February 13, 2017.
We are proud of our accomplishments over the past
year, and look forward to continuing EE’s traditions of
innovation, reliability and safety as we serve our region
in 2017 and beyond.
Charles A. Yamarone
Chairman of the
Board of Directors
Mary E. Kipp
Chief Executive Officer
