1 10 30

02201­PV.002

300

304

LG 103

502

letter

TO I N V E STO S
601

LC

Enterprise set new records for operating and financial performance in 2009 despite a recession-induced decline in economic activity in the U.S. While the overall consumption of energy in the U.S. was lower, we benefited from an increase in demand for NGLs by the petrochemical and refining industries as feedstocks because of NGLs' global cost advantage relative to more expensive crude oil derivatives. We also completed construction of several growth capital projects that began generating new sources of cash flow.
This record performance enabled us to achieve our goal of increasing Enterprise's cash distribution rate at the end of 2009 to an annualized $2.24 per unit while retaining more than $260 million of distributable cash flow to reinvest in the growth of the partnership. We also took proactive steps throughout 2009 to strengthen our liquidity and, with support from our debt and equity investors, demonstrated our ability to raise capital in difficult markets. As a result, our partnership began 2010 with a solid financial foundation and approximately $2 billion of liquidity. We broadened our midstream energy footprint in 2009 with the acquisition of TEPPCO Partners, L.P. This purchase provides us new avenues of growth in the transportation and storage of refined products and crude oil. In addition, our assets continue to provide us with additional growth opportunities, such as the construction of natural gas pipelines to serve producers in the developing Haynesville and Eagle Ford Shale plays. Another Record Year In 2009, our system of midstream energy assets transported a record 4.0 million barrels per day ("BPD") of NGLs, crude oil, refined products and petrochemicals and 11.9 billion cubic feet per day ("Bcfd") of natural gas. The partnership increased its NGL fractionation volumes to a record 461,000 BPD; while our equity NGL production, the NGLs that Enterprise earns title to by

Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 2009 Annual Report

1 EPD
2009

177 99 300

NNF AC

02201­SE.021 Distributable cash flow for 2009 increased 19 percent to a record $1.6 billion. This growth supported increases in each of our distributions to unitholders during the year. Our distributions declared with respect to 2009 increased 5.8 percent to $2.195 per unit from $2.075 per unit in 2008. In addition, Enterprise retained $264 million, or 16 percent, of distributable cash flow. Our fundamental objectives are the same today as they were at the time of our initial public offering in 1998:  --  to invest in growth opportunities to build or acquire energy infrastructure that will generate returns on investment greater than our long-term cash cost of capital in order to create economic value for Enterprise and our partners;  --  to provide our partners with periodic increases in cash distributions and an attractive total return on their investment; and  --  to preserve our financial flexibility and to maintain an investment-grade balance sheet as we pursue our goals.
LP Distributions GP Distributions Retained DCF

NNF HS

DIST IBUTABLE CASH FLOW
1 1/2" BV

15% DCF Reinvested in Partnership (1999-2009)
$ in millions $1,163

2 EPD
2009

$783

$5,772

1.2x LP Distribution Coverage

providing natural gas processing services, increased to a record 117,000 BPD. These record volumes led to a significant increase in gross operating margin and distributable cash flow. Gross operating margin for 2009 increased by 8.8 percent to a record $2.8 billion. The growth in gross operating margin was principally driven by our NGL Pipelines & Services segment, which generated a 23 percent increase in gross operating margin to a record $1.6 billion. Overall, this segment benefited from the growth of natural gas volumes delivered to, and NGL volumes extracted by, our processing plants that flowed through our downstream NGL pipelines, fractionators, storage facilities and export terminal. Gross operating margin from the NGL segment was also supported by (1) attractive natural gas processing margins due to the increased demand for NGLs; (2) profits from hedging transactions related to approximately 70 percent of our 2009 equity NGL production that were executed in 2008; and (3) profits generated from our NGL marketing activities. To manage the value of our expected 2010 equity NGL production, we hedged approximately 53 percent of our estimated volumes by the end of April 2010 and we expect to hedge more of these volumes over the coming months.

We have a history of balancing distribution growth with the retention of distributable cash flow. Since 1998, Enterprise has generated $7.7 billion of distributable cash flow. The partnership has paid aggregate distributions of $5.8 billion to our limited partners over 46 consecutive quarters. We have increased the distribution rate 31 times by a total of 149 percent, including distribution increases in each of the last 22 consecutive quarters. We have also retained approximately $1.2 billion, or 15 percent, of Enterprise's distributable cash flow. We have used this retained capital to invest in growth projects, to retire debt, to limit the need to issue new equity, as well as to insulate our partners from earnings variability in some of our businesses. Successfully executing on this formula has enabled us to provide our limited partners with a total return, including reinvested distributions, of 830 percent since the beginning of 1999. G oss Ope ating Ma gin
$2.8 $3.0 $2.5 in billions $2.0 $1.5 $1.0 $0.5 `07 `08 `09 $2.0 $2.6

Lower Cost of Capital Makes a Difference Part of Enterprise's success is our lower cost of capital. This is largely attributable to the foresight of our general partner in 2002 to eliminate the 50-percent tier of its incentive distribution rights, thereby capping these rights at 25 percent. This single action has saved Enterprise approximately $600 million in aggregate distributions that would have otherwise been paid to our general partner without Enterprise receiving any economic value in return. Based on our current annualized cash distribution rate of $2.24 per unit, Enterprise is saving $278 million per year in avoided distributions to the general partner, which is equivalent to approximately $0.45 per unit of limited partner distributions. This additional financial flexibility enables us to retain more distributable

to serve other large producers in the basin. These two gathering systems supply additional volumes of natural gas to our Piceance Basin pipeline system and Meeker plant. NGLs extracted at the Meeker facility flow through our integrated system of downstream NGL pipeline, fractionator and storage assets. We also completed the Sherman Extension expansion of our Texas Intrastate natural gas pipeline system. This 1.1 billion cubic feet per day ("Bcf/d") pipeline serves producers in the Barnett Shale area of North Texas. The Sherman Extension began full commercial service in August 2009. We expect to complete our Trinity River Basin pipeline project, which is a lateral that connects new areas of natural gas production in the Barnett Shale with the Sherman Extension, in the third quarter of 2010. Our Shenzi crude oil pipeline in the Gulf of Mexico commenced

CASH DIST IBUTION G OWTH
$2.50 $2.20

operations in the second quarter of 2009 and has exceeded our expectations. Volumes transported on Shenzi flow into our downstream Cameron Highway and Poseidon crude oil pipelines, which deliver crude oil to onshore markets in Texas and Louisiana. In addition, we are nearing completion of a 5.4 million barrel refined products storage facility that is under long-term contract with Motiva to serve its Port Arthur, Texas refinery expansion.

Distributions $/LP Unit

$2.00

% 8.1

C

R AG

$1.50 $0.93 $1.00

Broadening Our Footprint Enterprise significantly broadened its midstream energy footprint in 2009. The largest component of this expansion was the acquisition of TEPPCO Partners, L.P. valued at $6.1 billion,

$.50 `99 `00 `01 `02 `03 `04 `05 `06 `07 `08 `09

the largest acquisition of a publicly traded energy partnership. This transaction established Enterprise as the largest publicly traded energy partnership in terms of our $31 billion enterprise

177 99

300

cash flow as we increase our cash distribution rate and allows us to generate more distributable cash flow accretion from investments in new assets and acquisitions. Some publicly traded partnerships, as well as certain equity analysts and investors, are beginning to recognize the challenges to partnership growth caused by the higher cost of capital associated with a general partner's 50-percent incentive distribution rights. Putting New Assets to Work In 2009 and thus far in 2010, we have completed $1.8 billion of new capital projects, including projects serving the prolific Piceance Basin in Colorado and Barnett Shale region in Texas. These projects include a 750 million cubic feet per day ("MMcf/d") expansion of our Meeker natural gas processing plant; a central treating facility and supporting pipeline infrastructure that is contracted to ExxonMobil; and two natural gas gathering pipelines

value, and as one of the largest midstream energy companies with over 48,000 miles of natural gas, NGL, crude oil and refined products pipelines. In addition to broadening our array services to include onshore crude oil and refined products logistical services, we also acquired a major NGL pipeline serving markets in the Midwest and Northeast: the Enterprise TE Products Pipeline. This pipeline bisects the developing Marcellus Shale natural gas play in Pennsylvania and Ohio. In the same way that the acquisition of the Mid-America Pipeline ("MAPL") in 2002 provided Enterprise with an initial foothold to extend our midstream value chain into the growing Jonah/Pinedale and Piceance Basin regions in the Rocky Mountains, the Enterprise TE Products Pipeline now provides us with a base from which we could potentially extend our system into the Marcellus Shale region.

Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 2009 Annual Report

3 EPD
2009

FT

FE

Our management team has done a remarkable job in quickly absorbing the TEPPCO businesses. In this short period of time, we have already identified a number of opportunities to either increase revenues or reduce expenses, which in total are expected to increase distributable cash flow by approximately $35 million. This is in addition to the approximately $20 million in annual cost savings that we originally forecasted. We are already beginning to see some of these benefits in 2010. We believe the TEPPCO assets will provide additional expansion projects as we seek to expand their scope and scale. 4 EPD
2009

Enterprise's large geographic footprint continues to provide new growth opportunities. Our most recent organic growth projects are to serve the developing Haynesville Shale and Eagle Ford Shale natural gas plays. We have entered into longterm agreements with producers supporting an expansion of our Louisiana intrastate natural gas pipeline system to serve the Haynesville Shale area of Northwest Louisiana. Our 270-mile Haynesville Extension pipeline will have the capacity to transport up to 2.1 Bcf/d of natural gas. The partnership's natural gas, NGL and crude oil assets in South Texas are well-positioned to benefit from the development of the Eagle Ford Shale. To date, we have made nominal capital investments to bring this production into our system. Given the success and the acceleration of drilling plans by producers in the Eagle Ford, we are evaluating larger projects to expand our natural gas, NGL and crude oil infrastructure in South Texas. We believe the most important attribute of a successful midstream energy company is connecting large, long-life producing areas of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and condensate with the major markets for these hydrocarbons. Enterprise's integrated network of midstream energy assets is one of the best in the industry. We serve the largest producing regions in the lower 48 states, including some of the lowest-cost producing areas for NGL-rich natural gas. On the consuming end, we serve the Texas and Louisiana natural gas and NGL markets, which are the largest in the U.S. Our NGL pipelines access petrochemical production facilities that represent virtually all U.S. ethylene production capacity and refineries that represent approximately 90 percent of the motor gasoline refining capacity east of the Rockies. We believe our system will continue to generate new growth opportunities.

On behalf of the Enterprise family, I would like to thank the financial community and the general public for their condolences and show of support following the recent and unexpected passing of our chairman and founder, Dan Duncan. While he will certainly be missed, during his lifetime, Dan carefully planned to ensure that the partnership would be positioned for continued growth and success following his death. In terms of succession, his intentions were for Enterprise to be run by a professional management team with significant experience in the midstream energy industry and an in-depth knowledge of our assets. The strong team that has been assembled at Enterprise is a testament to the fulfillment of those intentions. To help maintain management continuity, Dan's indirect control of Enterprise Products Partners, Duncan Energy Partners and Enterprise GP Holdings has been assumed by a voting trust comprised of one of his daughters and two long-time family advisors, both of whom hold executive and director positions on the boards of the various Enterprise family of partnerships. In closing, we would like to recognize our employees for their dedication and hard work in safely operating our assets and providing exceptional service to our customers. We would also like to thank our debt investors and equity partners for their continuing support, which enabled us to raise over $2.5 billion of capital in the sometimes turbulent markets of 2009. We are counting on your continued support in 2010.

Michael A. Creel President and Chief Executive Officer

