TO OUR INVESTORS
ENTERPRISE POSTED SOLID FINANCIAL RESULTS IN 2015
Even though the U.S. energy industry entered a commodity price cycle in 2015, Enterprise posted solid nancial results supported by record liquids pipeline and lique ed petroleum gas ("LPG") export volumes as well as contributions from acquired and newly constructed assets that began service during the year. These bene ts o set the e ect of lower natural gas liquids ("NGLs"), crude oil and natural gas prices on our commodity and spread sensitive businesses. During 2015, we continued to bene t from increases in U.S. production of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs from shale plays, as well as growing domestic and international demand for NGLs and re ned products. Our diversi ed businesses and integrated midstream system continued to serve us well, as our system serves both producers and consumers of energy. The partnership's pipeline system transported a record 5.3 million barrels per day ("BPD") of NGLs, crude oil, re ned products and petrochemicals, and 12.3 billion cubic feet per day ("Bcf/d") of natural gas. Enterprise loaded 559,000 BPD of LPG and re ned products. Our NGL fractionators, which separate mixed NGLs into purity products, averaged 826,000 BPD, and our natural gas processing facilities had record fee-based volumes of 4.9 Bcf/d in 2015. We successfully completed construction of $2.7 billion of major capital growth projects in 2015. Our largest projects provide domestic crude oil and NGL production with access to markets on the U.S. Gulf Coast and international markets. These projects will provide new sources of fee-based cash ow in 2016. The largest projects completed in 2015 included:
Two expansions of our LPG export facility on the Houston Ship Channel, increasing its export capacity to 16 million barrels ("MMBbls") per month; The Aegis ethane pipeline which has commitments of 360,000 BPD. This pipeline, together with our South Texas ethane pipeline, provides more than 20 petrochemical facilities along the Gulf Coast with access to ethane supplies originating from some of the largest producing areas in the U.S.; and The ECHO and Enterprise Houston Ship Channel crude oil distribution system that connects to ve re neries along the Texas Gulf Coast, as well as seven of Enterprise's import/export docks.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
For the year 2015, operating income and cash ow provided from operations was $3.5 billion and $4.0 billion, respectively. Gross operating margin for 2015 was $5.3 billion, which equaled the record $5.3 billion reported for 2014. Distributable cash ow ("DCF"), excluding proceeds from assets sales and insurance recoveries, was a record $4.0 billion for 2015 compared to $3.9 billion for 2014. Gross operating margin and DCF are non-generally accepted accounting principle nancial measures that are de ned and reconciled later in this report to investors. Cash distributions declared with respect to 2015 increased 5.5 percent to $1.53 per unit, a er adjusting for the 2-for-1 unit split in August 2014. We have increased our quarterly cash distribution for 46 consecutive quarters, the longest period of any of the publicly traded MLPs. Since our initial public o ering ("IPO") in 1998, we have increased our quarterly cash distribution 55 times at a 7 percent compound annual growth rate. DCF for 2015, excluding proceeds from asset sales and insurance recoveries, provided 1.3 times coverage of cash distributions paid with respect to 2015. In total, Enterprise retained $2.6 billion of DCF in 2015, which includes the $1.5 billion of proceeds from the sale of our o shore assets. Since our IPO, we have retained over $10 billion, or 34 percent of Enterprise's DCF. Retained DCF is an important component of our long-term nancial objectives to enhance our nancial exibility, provide capital for growth projects, reduce our need to issue equity (avoiding the associated dilution) and provide a margin of safety for our investors.

CURRENT OUTLOOK FOR ENERGY INDUSTRY
As we begin 2016, the energy industry is entering the second year of a crude oil commodity price cycle. On the supply side, oil and gas producers are generally protecting their balance sheets, debt ratings and liquidity by minimizing drilling budgets and focusing on short-cycle, high-return capital investments which can immediately generate cash ow. Rig counts are at historic lows that date back into the 1970s. Our businesses with direct commodity price exposure, such as natural gas processing with keep-whole and percent-of-proceeds contracts, will continue to experience low margins. Marketing spreads, whether regional or cross commodity, have also compressed with low energy prices. The reduced level of drilling and completion activity will likely result in a decrease in crude oil, natural gas and NGL production in most regions of the U.S. with the possible exception of the Permian and Appalachia regions, and some areas in Oklahoma which might have minimal growth. However, we believe the cure for low energy prices is low energy prices, which will continue to serve as a catalyst for additional demand. Globally, consumers of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs have been responding to the growth in U.S. shale production and low energy prices. In 2015, the U.S. petrochemical industry consumed a record 1.6 million BPD of domestic NGLs, which were one of the lowest cost feedstocks for ethylene in the world. Between mid-2016 and 2018, we expect 700,000 BPD of additional NGL demand due to the startup of (1) our ethane export facility on the Houston Ship Channel in the third quarter of 2016, and (2) eight ethylene plants, which are currently under construction on the U.S. Gulf Coast. The U.S. exported over 700,000 BPD of LPG in 2015. An additional 320,000 BPD of export capacity is expected to be placed into service in 2016, including Enterprise's 230,000 BPD expansion at its Houston Ship Channel marine terminal, which began commercial service at the beginning of 2016. The U.S. li ed its 40-year ban on exporting crude oil in December 2015. We quickly responded by loading the industry's second export cargo on January 6, 2016. We currently expect to load 14 million barrels of crude oil and condensate for export in the rst quarter of 2016 due to increased demand from international customers seeking supply diversi cation, price transparency and reliability.

ACQUISITIONS & DIVESTITURES
We completed the acquisition of EFS Midstream LLC from a liates of Pioneer Natural Resources and Reliance Industries Limited for $2.15 billion in July 2015. EFS Midstream provides condensate gathering and processing services as well as natural gas gathering, treating and compression services in the Eagle Ford Shale. These assets and associated 20-year fee-based agreements expand our relationship with Pioneer and Reliance. The acquisition extends our integrated system deeper into the NGL and condensate rich areas of the Eagle Ford Shale. The purchase price for this acquisition is payable in two installments. The rst payment of $1.15 billion was made in July 2015, and the nal payment of $1.0 billion is due no later than July 2016. We sold our o shore assets in July 2015 for $1.5 billion. The primary reasons for this divestiture were: (1) earnings from these assets had declined to only three percent of our total gross operating margin; (2) our o shore assets did not integrate with Enterprise's onshore system; and, (3) we believed in a prolonged period of lower crude oil and natural gas prices, and that producers would allocate more capital to onshore shale plays than higher cost o shore developments which take longer to develop and produce. We redeployed the capital from the sale of the o shore business into the EFS Midstream acquisition and major projects that integrate with our midstream system, which we expect will provide us with higher, risk-adjusted returns on capital.

1

DISTRIBUTIONS DECLARED
$
$ .

Third-party exports of natural gas through pipelines to Mexico increased by 45 percent to 3.0 Bcf/d in 2015 and are expected to increase substantially at least through 2025. We believe this low commodity price environment will continue to present both challenges and opportunities for Enterprise in 2016. Enterprise is well positioned to manage through this cycle as we began the cycle with conservative debt leverage (BBB+/Baa1 debt ratings) and solid coverage of our cash distributions. Enterprise ended 2015 with $4.4 billion of liquidity, comprised of available borrowing capacity under our bank credit agreements and unrestricted cash. We expect that increases in cash ow from new assets, those recently beginning operations and those scheduled to be completed during 2016, in combination with the ramp up of contracted volumes on our ATEX, Aegis, Front Range and Texas Express pipelines will o set the impact of lower energy prices and volumes in certain of our businesses. In addition, low commodity prices are likely to increase the value of our natural gas, NGLs, re ned products and crude oil storage assets.

DECLARED PER UNIT

$ .

$

C . %

AGR

$ .

$

DISTRIBUTABLE CASH FLOW (2)
$ . $ .

CAPITAL INVESTMENTS
Enterprise has a history of successful execution in constructing $36 billion of organic growth projects and completing $26 billion of major acquisitions that broadened and extended our integrated midstream system. In the last ve years, we have completed $16 billion of growth projects which have contributed to consistent distribution growth. Enterprise was successful in developing three new organic growth projects during 2015, which was noteworthy given the retrenchment by producers. Two of these projects are natural gas processing plants (the Delaware Basin and South Eddy plants) and related pipeline infrastructure that would serve some of the most proli c areas of the Permian Basin. Both of these plants are expected to be completed in 2016. Our third project is a 416-mile crude oil and condensate pipeline (the Midland-to-Sealy pipeline) announced in April 2015. This pipeline is expected to have an initial transportation capacity of 300,000 BPD of Permian production from our storage complex near Midland, Texas to our Sealy, Texas storage complex west of Houston. From Sealy, our ECHO distribution system provides customers with access to re neries along the Texas Gulf Coast and global markets through our marine terminals. We currently have $6.8 billion of growth capital projects under construction slated to begin operations between now and mid-2018. These projects are underwritten by long-term contracts with creditworthy customers. We believe these investments will produce attractive returns on capital and support growth in cash distributions to our partners. Management currently plans to recommend to the board of its general partner distributions totaling $1.61 per unit with respect to 2016, which, if approved by the board, would represent a 5.2 percent increase compared to a total of $1.53 per unit of distributions declared with respect to 2015.

$ BILLIONS

$ . $ . $ . . $ .

$ .

.

.

DCF ATTRIBUTABLE TO PROCEEDS FROM ASSET SALES AND NON-RECURRING ITEMS DCF ATTRIBUTABLE TO OPERATIONS

RETAINED DCF/COVERAGE ¹²³
$ . $ . $

$ . $ . $ .
. x

$ BILLIONS

$ . $ $ . $

$ . $ .

. x

$ .

. x

SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS
$ . $1.0

As we grow, we continue to emphasize the importance of safety and protecting our environment. Safety is our highest priority. We believe safe and reliable operations are important in assuring the well-being of our employees, contractors, neighbors and assets.  Protection of the environment is also a key focus for Enterprise. Good environmental stewardship is not just important, it is a way of doing business at Enterprise.

RETAINED DCF ATTRIBUTABLE TO PROCEEDS FROM ASSET SALES AND NON-RECURRING ITEMS RETAINED DCF ATTRIBUTABLE TO OPERATIONS (1) Retained DCF represents the amount o distributable cash low or each period that was retained by the general partner or reinvestment in capital projects and other reasons. (2) Each period noted excludes non-recurring transactions (e.g., proceeds rom asset sales and property damage insurance claims and payments to settle interest rate hedges). (3) Distribution coverage excludes non-recurring items.

CLOSING
Before we close, we would like to express our gratitude to Mike Creel, who retired at the end of 2015 a er 16 years with Enterprise, including seven years as our CEO. During his tenure, Enterprise grew from a small partnership to a Fortune 100 company. In recognition of the partnership's successes and Mike's e orts, the investment community consistently recognized Mike as one of the top CEOs in our sector. Highly regarded by his peers, respected and liked by our employees, we thank Mike for his leadership and a job well done. Finally, we would like to thank our debt and equity investors for their continued support, and our employees for their hard work and dedication that led to our successes in managing and growing the partnership in 2015. With your support, we look forward to the opportunities and challenges of 2016.

GROWTH CAPITAL 2016­2018 $6.8 BILLION

% %

PETROCHEMICAL & REFINED PRODUCTS SERVICES NGL PIPELINES & SERVICES

RANDA DUNCAN WILLIAMS Chairman o the Board

A.J. "JIM" TEAGUE Chie Executive O cer

%

CRUDE OIL PIPELINES & SERVICES

W. RANDALL FOWLER President

RICHARD H. BACHMANN Vice Chairman o the Board

2

