2012 was another record year for Enterprise. We continue to benefit from transformational events in the U.S. energy and manufacturing industries driven by technological breakthroughs, such as horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing that have resulted in dramatic production growth of domestic energy from shale plays.

Affordable supplies of U.S. energy are displacing more costly imports and leading to a renaissance of the U.S. chemical and manufacturing industries. This has led to record volumes being handled by our integrated network of midstream energy assets and a weal th of investment opportunities to build new energy infrastructure, as well as extend in g, expanding and repurposing some of our existing assets.
Our 50,000-mile pipeline system transported a record 14.5 bill ion cubic feet per day of natural gas and 4.3 million barrels per day [" BPD"I of NGLs, crude oil, refined products and petrochemicals in 2012. Many of our other midstream assets operated at record or near record volumes, which together with strong demand for NGLs, resulted in another year of record financial performance.
We invested a record $3.9 billion for growth capital expenditures in 2012. We have another $7.5 billion of energy infrastructure projects that are under construction and should begin operations between now and 2015. Our commercial teams are actively work ing with both our energy producing and consuming customers to develop energy infrastructure and services that will support their respective activities and growth. These technological breakthroughs are great news for the U.S. in terms of reducing our reliance on imported energy, making our manufacturing sector more competitive globally, reducing our trade deficits and creating domestic jobs.

Record Performance in 2012	DISTRIBUTIONS DECLARED
Increasedvolumes across our system, strong demand for NGLs from the U.S. petrochemical industry and
 
international markets, and new assets added to our
port folio contribute d to a record $4.4 bill ion of gross operating margin in 2012, a 13 percent increase from 2011. Four of our five business segments reported increases compared to 2011.

Based on this strong performance, Enterprise generated record distributable cash flow in 2012 of $4.1 bill ion.
Distributable cash flow for 2012 included $1.2 billion of
proceeds from the sales of non-core assets that were generating low re turn s on investment. Excluding these
and other non-recurring items, distributable cash flow was
$2.9 bill ion and provided 1.3 times coverage of the $2.57 per unit of cash distributions paid with respect to 2012. This was a 5.6 percent increase from the distributions paid with respect to 2011. Since our initial public offering in 1998, we have increased our cash distribution rate 43 times by a total of 313 percent, including distribution increases with respect to each of the last 34 consecutive quarters.
We re tai ned $ 1.9 billion, or 46 percent, of distributable cash flow in 2012. Since our format ion, we have retained
$5.3 bill ion, or 29 percent, of Enterprise's distributable cash flow to reinvest in the growth of the partnership, enhance our financial flexibility, reduce our need to issue equity and insulate our partners from earnings variability.


DISTRIBUTABLE CASH FLOW
 
 

.z..
.."w...'
 
$2 . S

$ 2 .0

$1.S

$1.0

$0.S

$0.0





In 2010, we el iminated our general partner incentive distribution rights, giving Enterpri se one of the lowest costs of capital in the mi dstream energy sector. As a resu lt, we generate more distributable cash flow accretion from our investments and provide the par tnership with added
fi nancial flexibility.

Future Growth Supported by Fee-Based Capital Projects

Most of the $2.9 billion of fee-based capital projects completed in 2012 were in the Eagle Ford shale region of Texas where, given our existing portfolio of assets, we
were well positioned to take advantage of new production. Projects completed in 2012 include NGL and crude oil pipelines, two processing trains at our Yoakum cryogenic natural gas processing plant and our sixth NGL fractionator at Mont Belvieu.
 



"z'
0
.i.ii.
 

$4.5


$3.5


$2.5


$1.5
 
$4.1
 
2010	2011	2012
 
In addition to building new projects, we also are repurposing certain existing assets to efficiently meet customer needs and address industry bottlenecks. In May 2012, we reversed service on the jointly-owned Seaway Crude Oil Pipeline and began moving crude oil south to the Gulf Coast, partially relieving the bottleneck at Cushing, Oklahoma. In January 2013, we completed the modification of the remaining pumps to enable the pipeline to transport its full capacity of crude oil to the Gulf Coast.
Another project utilizing existing assets to meet customer
 
RETAINED DISTRIBUTABLE CASH FLOW ("DCF" )imi
 
needs is our ATEX pipeline. We are repurposing one of our underutilized refined product pipelines to move ethane from the Marcellus / Utica shale areas of Pennsylvania,
 
$2





"z'    $1
3
.i.ii.

$0
 





$0.5
 









$0.4
 
$1.7

-$1.0
 
$1.9


- $ 1.0
 
West Virginia and Ohio to the largest ethane markets on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Customers have executed 15-year transportation agreements for 131,000 BPD of capacity.
Our fee-based projects are supported by long-term agreements. Newly constructed pipelines are predominantly anchored by 10 to 20-year, ship-or-pay transportation agreements, while our new natural gas processing facilities have plant dedications and fee-based contracts. Contracts
 
2010	2011	2012

RETAINEOOCFATTRIBUTBALETOPl!OCEEOS FRON ASSET SALESANDNON-RECURRGIINT(NS
RETAINEDDCf ATTRIBUTALEBIDOPERATIONS

111R etained DC F represents the amount of distributable cash flow for each period that
was retained by the general partner for reinvestment in capital projects and other reasons.
l ?J Each peri od noted excludes non-recurring transactions le.g., proceeds from asset sales
and property damage insurance claims and payments to settle interest rate hedges!.
 
for our new NGL fractionators are also supported by
minimum volume agreements. These types of contracts align with the longstanding nature and financing of our assets and provide consistent, long-term sources of cash flow for our partnership.
 



 

Future Growth Will Lead to Energy Security

In addition to the $7.5 bill ion of major organic growth projects currently under construction, our partnership's large geographic asset footprint continues to provide us with
additional growth opportunities to provide producers with flow assurance and access to large markets for their production while providing energy consumers with supply diversification.
According to energy consultants, North America could be
 

ATTRACTIVE TOTAL RETURN


1,800%
1,600%

1,400%
1,200%
1,000%
 







EPD
1.668%






AMZ
758%
 


 

important role, having invested more than $100 bil l ion since 2007 in U.S. energy infrastr ucture, and are expected to in vest anothe r $25 bill ion in 2013. Enter prise alone has invested approximately $18 billion in energy infr astr ucture since 2007.
Afforda ble supp li es of domestic natural gas and NGLs have made the U.S. petro chemical industry one of the lowest cost producers in the wor ld. This industry continues to modify existing U.S. facil iti es to consume more NGLs and
reduce usage of costl y im por ts of cr ude oil der ivatives. The petrochemical industry has also announced plans to constr uct new facilitie s on the U.S. Gul f Coas t that should be completed in 2016 and 2017. U.S. utili ties have benefite d f ro m affordable natu ral gas, which has reduced the cost to produce electr icity. Finally, the U.S. re fining industry is competiti ve in the refined product expor t market based on the lower price of  domestic cr ude oil compared to intern ational prices. This is leading to job creation in the U.S.

Safety First

In addition to 2012 being a great financial year. we also set some important safety records. Our Total Recordable Incident Rates easily beat industry averages and continue to improve year over year. Safety is a core value at Enterprise and we have a strong, top-down, employee driven safety culture. At
Enterprise safety has been and will continue to be the primary focus.Zero is the only acceptable incident rate. Our motto is
·work safe, work hard, work smart."



5 YEAR GROWTH   CAPITAL ALLOCATION

2011- 201 5E m" $13.9 Billion
 
S&P 500 0% _i    -    =::..;:===--     "'= --	- - .,...= - - - = = ==;:: 50%



EPDTotal Return vs. Other Asset Classes Since December 31. 1998


Interests Aligned With Our Partners

Enterprise common units continue to provide our partners with an attractive total return . Our 3, 5 and 10-year total return s, which include the reinvestment of quarterly cash
distributions, of 23.5 percent, 16.7 percent and 17.3 percent, respectively, outperformed nine other asset classes over
those periods, including the Alerian MLP Index l"AMZ"l. Our disciplined approach to allocating capital and managing our assets has been recognized by the financial industry. In March 2013, Enterprise's investment grade credit ratings were upgraded to Baal  and BBB+ by Moody's Investor s Service
and Standard & Poor's, respectively, the highest debt ratings
of any publicly traded energy partner ship. Enterprise was also recently recognized as one of the three "Most Honored Companies" in America by a survey of the investment community conducted by Institutional Investor magazine.
These accomplishments would not be possible without the dedication and hard work of our employees. Our team is focused on the common goal of providing the best total return possible for our partners, which include our employees.
Together , affiliates of our general partner, our senior management team, members of our Board of Directors and employees own approximately 38 percent of Enterprise's common units. Our interests and goals continue to be closely aligned with those of our public partners .
In closing, we would like to recognize our debt investors and equity partners for their continued support, without whom none of this would be possible.
 







48%
 



■	NGl PIPELINES&SERVICES
■	ONSHORE NATURAL GASPIPELINES&SERIVCES
PETROCHEMICAL&REFINEDPRODUCTSSERVICES ONSHORE CRUDE Oil  PIPELINES&SERVICES OFFSHORE PIPEILNES&SERVICES
 


RandaDuncanWilliams
Chairman
 
)0/ate
Michael A.Creel
Chief ExecutiveOfficer
 
;;;.:;
Chief Operaitng Officer
 

"' Growth capital projects either result in additional revenue from existing assets or from expansion of our asset base through construction of new facilities

