"When we combine expectations for our competitive generation and retail businesses with the anticipated performance of our regulated platform, we are energized by our plans and ability to enhance shareholder value."
Charles W. Shivery
Chairman, President and CEO

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS A N D BU SI N E S S PA RT N E R S

2004 was a year of mixed results for Northeast Utilities. On the regulated side of our business, results were very positive and earnings grew $23.1 million. This reflects our commitment to our regulated growth strategy and significant energy infrastructure investments for our region's future. Unfortunately, our competitive businesses had a disappointing year. Overall, they lost $15.1 million in 2004, significantly lowering NU's overall earnings from the level we had targeted. We are taking a number of steps to address these unacceptable results. After a comprehensive review of our competitive energy businesses early in 2005, we made the decision that NU Enterprises, Inc. (NUEI), the holding company for NU's competitive energy investments, will exit the wholesale marketing business. Our evaluation determined that the wholesale marketing business will be unable to attain the profit margins necessary to generate acceptable returns and cash flows. We also determined that NUEI's competitive energy services businesses are not central to NU's long-term strategy and do not meet our expectations of profitability. We are exploring ways to divest those businesses in a manner that maximizes their value. The services businesses include electrical, mechanical, telecommunications, commercial plumbing and performance contracting companies. Our decision reflects a thorough examination of our competitive businesses and the market, as well as the impact on our valued employees. While difficult, it is clearly the right business decision for Northeast Utilities -- now, and for the future. We will retain NUEI's generation and retail energy marketing businesses. We believe that the generation assets and retail business are competitively positioned to create significant opportunities over the next several years.

2

Building value for shareholders
When we combine expectations for our competitive generation and retail businesses with the anticipated performance of our regulated platform, we are energized by our plans and ability to enhance shareholder value. We remain stewards of a healthy balance sheet with ready access to capital to execute our growth strategy. That strategy will serve three purposes: deliver results and value to shareholders, minimize corporate risk and meet the reliability needs of our customers. Consistent with our strategy, in 2004 we:

f Increased our dividend for the fourth consecutive year, with our rate of increases above average
in the utility industry.

f Grew regulated business earnings by $23.1 million or 17 percent. f Resolved a number of regulatory issues, providing the company with more ratemaking certainty
than we have had in several years.

f Stepped into the future with world-class technological advances in transmission line engineering. f Held steadfast to the ethics and values fundamental to our business.
For the year, NU earned $116.6 million, or 91 cents per share, compared with $116.4 million, or 91 cents per share, in 2003. While this earnings level is steady from 2003, it falls far short of our original $1.30 per share target. Nonetheless, consistent with our dividend policy, we increased the quarterly dividend 8 percent in 2004, the fourth consecutive year of above-average growth. During that time the quarterly dividend has risen 62.5 percent, from 10 cents per share to 16.25 cents per share.

Staying the course with our regulated businesses to serve customers
For more than a century, NU's regulated businesses have been an integral part of the region, demonstrating the highest commitment to serving our customers. In our second century, we continue to honor that commitment. Our core, regulated businesses delivered powerful performance with earnings growth that surpassed the previous year. PSNH, WMECO and Yankee Gas reached rate case settlements in 2004, and CL&P concluded a fully litigated outcome at the end of 2003. Needed rate increases position us to invest considerable capital to enhance reliability for customers and to continue growing the company. Over the next five years, our regulated companies plan to invest approximately $3.7 billion in electric and natural gas infrastructure improvements to meet customer needs. The bulk of these investments will be in transmission, with substantial investments also being made at each of our regulated subsidiaries. The transmission system is overburdened in certain areas of our region, with a critical electricity bottleneck in southwest Connecticut where demand has outpaced supply. We are addressing this with plans to invest more than $1.5 billion over the next five years in transmission infrastructure improvements, which are aligned with federal policy direction promoting expansion to ensure reliability. The 345-kV Bethel to Norwalk, Connecticut, transmission upgrade project has broken ground and is expected to be in service by December 2006. Along with United Illuminating, we have also applied to build a second 345-kV transmission upgrade between Middletown and Norwalk, Connecticut, with completion expected in 2009. This project reflects advanced engineering plans to bury 24 miles of the 69-mile line, while fully maintaining system reliability. The underground portion is the most ambitious project of its type in North America and puts us at the very leading edge of technology. Further, we are enhancing the distribution system that delivers electricity and natural gas to neighborhoods, businesses and industry. At CL&P alone, a $900 million, four-year upgrade and expansion of the distribution system is under way.

3

NORTHEAST UTILITIES 2004 ANNUAL REPORT

EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
(DOLLARS)

In New Hampshire, PSNH's Northern Wood Power Project has begun the $75 million conversion of a Portsmouth coal-fired generating unit to burn wood chips. The plant brings significant environmental benefits and a $20 million boost to the state's wood industry and economy. As Bill Dunlap, chairman of the Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests, noted at the groundbreaking for this project, "One of our missions is to preserve a sustainable forestry industry. The Northern Wood Power Project is right in line with that mission and good for the environment. It's a home run." On the gas side of our business, Yankee Gas broke ground early in 2005 to construct a $108 million liquefied natural gas (LNG) storage facility in Waterbury, Connecticut. The LNG project has been a model of collaboration and partnerships, bringing together government, business, regulators and the Waterbury community. The new facility is expected to deliver both supply and price benefits to our customers and is the largest construction project in Yankee's history. Our investment in the region carries us well beyond poles, wires and pipes. Northeast Utilities companies are basic building blocks of the economic climate, quality of life and overall well-being of the cities, towns and customers we serve. For us, doing well in business also means doing good, by enriching our communities and making life better for those who count on us. Supporting the United Way campaign is just one of the ways our employees make a positive difference. In 2004, including matching corporate contributions and NU Foundation donations, the NU team pledged more than $1.7 million to United Way and Combined Health Appeal charities to help people across New England. In 2004, the NU Foundation awarded a substantial grant to extend our environmental stewardship. Our $500,000 grant to The Nature Conservancy initiates a large-scale, multi-state commitment to improve the long-term viability of the Connecticut River, from the Canadian border to Long Island Sound. The Connecticut River program will enhance conservation of New England's most important waterway.

99 00 01 02 03 04

$0.26 $(0.20) $1.79 $1.18 $0.91 $0.91

Changing course with our competitive businesses
Poor performance in major areas of our competitive business in 2004 necessitated a change in course. The wholesale group lost $17 million last year, compared with a loss of $3.7 million in 2003. Despite the hard work and dedication of employees in this business, NUEI's wholesale marketing business is not expected to attain adequate profit margins given the wholesale merchant energy environment. As a result, we will exit the wholesale marketing business. Our competitive energy services businesses lost $2.3 million in 2004. We have concluded that these businesses are not central to NU's long-term strategy and do not meet the company's expectations of profitability. We are exploring ways to divest of them in a way that maximizes shareholder value. Despite these areas of disappointment, there were some bright spots at NUEI, with two segments of our competitive businesses performing well. Select Energy's retail energy business earned $4.9 million in 2004. We enjoy a very strong retail energy marketing franchise in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic states, and we expect to build on that market presence. Consequently, we will retain and grow this business. Select Energy's retail group currently serves some 30,000 commercial and industrial customer locations in the New England, New York and PJM power pools. Likewise, our competitive generating assets continue to perform well, and we will retain them. The 1,443 megawatts are primarily pumped storage, hydroelectric and coal-fired units, all of which are competitive in today's environment. They have solid operating histories, and we expect their value could increase significantly in the coming years. In addition, we will retain our Northeast Generation Services subsidiary to operate our generating plants.
$0.10 $0.40 $0.45 $0.53 $0.58 $0.63 99 00 01 02 03 04

DIVIDENDS PER SHARE
(DOLLARS)

4

Taking Northeast Utilities into the future
As we move into the future, our brand and reputation serve us well in both our regulated businesses and the competitive businesses we are retaining. That reputation is upheld every day by the men and women who work here and the values they demonstrate. At NU, caring for our customers and delivering value to shareholders are at the core of who we are and how we operate. Setting the course for NU is our ambitious regulated growth plan with investments unparalleled in New England. The focus of these investments for the next several years will continue to be on improving the electricity and natural gas delivery systems of our franchised service territories in Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire. These upgrades will require several billion dollars to maintain and improve an infrastructure that is central to the economic vitality and quality of life in New England. We have the financial strength to make the investments on behalf of our customers and investors, and we intend to complete them with the support of our regulators. Focused now on retail marketing and generation assets, our competitive businesses see substantial opportunity for growth. The number of commercial and industrial customers buying electricity and natural gas from competitive suppliers is continuing to rise, positioning NUEI's Select Energy for an expanded market presence. We project revenues to grow to approximately $1 billion in 2005 because of continued expansion of the retail market and our high retention rate of approximately 85 percent. Further, the market for generating capacity is improving in New England, and owning generation will help us maintain a strong retail marketing presence in the region. To achieve our goals and position us for the future, we realigned our senior management team at the start of 2005. Lee Olivier, formerly CL&P president, assumed the new position of president -- Transmission Group. Lee brings his broad management experience to this organization as we put in place the transmission infrastructure that is so critical to our region and our customers. Ray Necci, formerly vice president-Utility Group Services, was promoted to president of CL&P to replace Lee; Rod Powell was promoted to president of WMECO; and Larry De Simone assumed the role of president of the Competitive Group, replacing Bill Schivley who retired as president of Select Energy. At the end of 2004 we also bid farewell to John Forsgren, vice chairman, executive vice president and chief financial officer. John was a key force behind our strategic and financial achievements, and we wish him well in his retirement. Reflecting on 2004 accomplishments, I would like to thank our Board of Trustees for their support and for sharing their experience and guidance. I also want to thank NU shareholders for your continued confidence in us. We are ever mindful and appreciative of your investment. To our customers, very simply, thank you for your business. I extend a special heartfelt "thank you" to our employees and retirees for their talent, dedication and commitment to the success of our company. The men and women who work here are the true energy behind Northeast Utilities, now and for our region's future. Sincerely,

REVENUES
(DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

Charles W. Shivery
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

5

NORTHEAST UTILITIES 2004 ANNUAL REPORT

99 00 01 02 03 04

$4,471 $5,877 $5,761 $5,237 $6,069 $6,687

