April 29, 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, our shareholders will consider a proposal to change our legal name to Eversource Energy. We urge you, our shareholders, to support this important change when you vote your shares this spring. In 2014, we reported recurring earnings of $2.65 per share, compared with recurring earnings of $2.53 in 2013. This trajectory is consistent with our goal of increasing earnings per share over the long term at a rate of six to eight percent annually. This projected long-term growth rate is among the most attractive across electric utilities in the United States. Consistent with our financial success, our share price hit all-time highs multiple times during 2014 before ending the year at $53.52, an increase of $11.13, or 26 percent, compared to the 2013 closing price of $42.39. This is the largest absolute annual price increase in our history. We also raised our annual common dividend by 6.8 percent in 2014 to $1.57 per share. The combination of share price appreciation and dividends paid during the year provided shareholders with a total return of 30.5 percent in 2014, a performance that exceeded the 28.9 percent return for the EEI Index of our peers and is more than double the 13.7 percent return achieved by the S&P 500 in 2014. Our total 2014 return also represents the sixth consecutive year of double-digit returns for shareholders, an achievement earned by just three other companies in the EEI Index. In addition, we have begun 2015 on a positive note with the announcement of another dividend increase, e ective March 31, 2015, making the annualized common dividend level $1.67 per share. This is our sixteenth dividend increase over the past fifteen years. As in previous years, our continued growth in earnings and compelling share price performance are a direct result of our operational success and future outlook. We have been diligently integrating our business, creating e ciencies that generate cost savings, while also improving service to customers. By standardizing, simplifying and improving work processes, our employees were able to safely meet or exceed our demanding reliability, call response and customer-focused performance targets. I am particularly proud of our electric reliability performance in 2014, as the average electric customer's reliability has improved 29 percent since 2011. Overall, our reliability results were the best ever for the company and place us firmly in the first quartile for performance when compared against our industry peers. There is no better example of our one company approach than our storm response. During the Thanksgiving holiday, a massive Nor'easter hit New England, wreaking havoc across our service territory, especially New Hampshire. Our talented employees from Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire worked side-by-side in a coordinated restoration e ort that safely brought power back in just three days to over 300,000, or about

Dear Fellow Shareholder,

Our company truly established itself as a leader in the New England energy marketplace and the overall industry in 2014, as we enhanced our high levels of customer service, operational reliability and financial strength. We are a company committed to always improving and always evaluating how we can do things better for our customers, employees and shareholders. I am eager to share details on our many accomplishments in 2014. But first and foremost I am proud to introduce Eversource Energy, our company's new brand and one of the most significant initiatives we undertook in 2014. In February 2015, Northeast Utilities and all its operating companies o cially began doing business as Eversource Energy. Over the past three years, our company has carefully and thoughtfully worked to integrate our organization and implement best practices consistently across our operations, while meeting and exceeding our customers' high expectations. With over 8,200 of us coming together and working as one company, the next natural step in our evolution was Eversource, a single brand across all three states and all three of our business areas. The Eversource brand clearly states who we are in the New England market and gives us the opportunity to tell our customers what we stand for as a company. It represents our shared responsibility to meet our mission to deliver reliable energy and superior customer service all day, every day. Eversource will be our brand in the energy and financial marketplace. On February 19, we changed our ticker symbol to "ES," and at our

2

60 percent, of our New Hampshire customers. That record-setting restoration rate would not have occurred without our shared commitment to adopting common practices that benefit the customer--during storms, on blue sky days, and in all other aspects of our business. We also take seriously our role in the regional energy marketplace as an active, committed advocate for our customers. There has been a clear regional shift to natural gas as the fuel of choice for heating and power production. Unfortunately, no substantial pipeline capacity has been built into New England from domestic supply regions since the 1990s, while gas demand continues to grow and non-gas fired generation capacity in our region continues to retire. About 1,400 megawatts came o line in 2014 alone, and more than 1,500 additional megawatts of non-gas fired generation are slated to retire in 2017, further stripping the region of electric generation capacity and diversity. When the New England electric market reached a crisis point during the bitterly cold winter of 2013-2014, these weaknesses in our marketplace were exposed and costs skyrocketed. Roughly 8,000 to 10,000 megawatts at more than a dozen of our region's most e cient power plants sat idle without gas supply because the pipeline capacity simply was not there. This is not a one-time problem, but an issue we will continue to face until it is addressed. As New England's leading utility, we have an obligation to develop innovative and meaningful solutions to these challenges. That is why we have forged an important partnership with Spectra Energy and National Grid on a new and unique project, Access Northeast, which will meet New England's current challenges head on. Through Access Northeast, Spectra will upgrade its existing natural gas transmission pipelines in New England and expand gas capacity to our region by more than one billion cubic feet per day. This will help meet regional demands for additional natural gas for heating, while reducing costs for electricity customers throughout New England.

3

Access Northeast is one of two major projects that could provide significant, long-term diversity and cost savings to New England's energy customers. Our Northern Pass Transmission Project is another one of those important solutions: a $1.4 billion transmission line that will bring clean hydropower from Canada to customers in our region. We continue to make solid progress with Northern Pass, working to obtain all federal and state permits needed to begin construction. We anticipate both projects will begin serving New England customers by late 2018. These projects will provide needed relief to the region, and our investment in them, which could approach $3 billion in total, should provide us with very attractive earnings growth through the end of the decade.

Our company continues to support renewable energy investments and energy e ciency programs for customers are a prominent component of our business. In 2014, we invested approximately $475 million in a variety of energy e ciency programs. In the last two years we have also received regulatory approval for long-term contracts to purchase approximately 750 megawatts of energy from wind, solar and other renewable facilities in New England. We are pleased that an increasing number of portfolio managers in both the United States and abroad are recognizing Eversource as an attractive, sustainable investment and are including our shares in their funds. In 2014, we also made progress with our Above and Beyond for Our Customers Initiative, a strategic, comprehensive look at all interactions with our customers at all levels of the company to enhance the overall customer experience. In fact, this initiative is already paying dividends: in 2014, Eversource Energy ranked among J.D. Power's most improved brands in recent surveys.
Our commitment to customers and the communities where we live and work is also evident in our volunteer programs, charitable giving and signature partnerships with local organizations. For example, this year we joined forces with the Hartford Marathon Foundation to become their title sponsor. An event like the Hartford Marathon invigorates the community and stimulates the economy, providing over $14 million in economic support. It is an honor to support the marathon, as well as our other partners like Boston Children's Hospital, the United Way and Special Olympics.

Additionally, natural gas expansion for heating customers remains a key growth area for our business. In tandem with our work to expand capacity, we continue to answer our customers' demand to convert to natural gas. In 2014 we added another 10,600 natural gas heating customers and we expect to exceed this level over the next several years as legislation in Connecticut and Massachusetts encourages conversions. In conjunction with expansion, we are accelerating pipeline replacement, which will result in a more modern natural gas delivery system that is less costly to maintain. 4

Through a determined, One Company focus on the customer, coupled with fiscal discipline, we solidified our position as New England's premier energy provider, exceeding our shareholders' and customers' expectations. 2014 was an impressive and fruitful year, and I look forward to our ongoing success as Eversource Energy in the years to come.

