Strengthening

our position
Highlights of 2003 achievements
·

To our shareholders, employees, customers and business partners:
We at Northeast Utilities are mindful each day that our energy supports millions of lives and thousands of businesses. The responsibility for providing such a critical service requires NU to maintain an unwavering devotion to the highest ethical and business standards while we seek to earn a solid return for our shareholders.

Earnings of $116.4 million, or $0.91 per share on a fully diluted basis, in 2003, compared with $152.1 million, or $1.18 per share, in 2002. Results from 2003 include a $37 million after-tax cost to resolve a dispute over a wholesale power contract signed in 1999. Were it not for the wholesale power contract settlement and an accounting change at R.M. Services, NU earned $158.0 million, or $1.24 per share, in 2003, in line with our projections.

·

Safe and reliable delivery of energy to our customers, with signal leadership for the entire northeast in returning the grid to operation after the August regional blackout.

S&P BBB+ BBB BBBBB+ BB BBB+ 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003

Moody's Baa1
·

Share price increase of 33 percent, delivering a 37 percent total return, well ahead of most broad market and utility indices.

Baa2 Baa3 Ba1 Ba2 Ba3 B1
· ·

A quarterly dividend of 15 cents per share since September, up 9 percent.

·

Strong cash flow, financial profile and balance sheet, ensuring low-cost access to capital markets and continued financial stability. Conclusion of major regulatory decisions for CL&P and Yankee Gas.

·

Approval of the Bethel/Norwalk transmission line upgrades, needed to begin to alleviate the critical southwest Connecticut electric supply bottleneck.

NU Unsecured Debt Rating
·

And, strong recovery of our competitive businesses, which, excluding the wholesale contract settlement noted above, achieved an $85 million improvement in net income.

11

$ 1.79

$ (1.12)

$ (0.20)

$ 0.26

$ 1.18

$ 0.91

In order to achieve these successes, we worked collaboratively with New England regulators and policymakers at the state and federal level. We constantly balanced customer needs with the challenges and opportunities of our new competitive energy markets in New England. In this way, we managed the transition towards a deregulated market without disruption to our customers.

Financial stability, accountable performance
Today, NU enjoys a stronger financial position than at any time in our nearly 40-year history. We are well positioned for growth with solid earnings capacity. While many of our peer companies have cut their capital programs to maintain their credit ratings, we enjoy opportunities for significant investments in our regulated companies with a balance sheet to support them. Our competitive businesses achieved an impressive turnaround in performance in 2003. NU Enterprises saw strengthened margins on Select Energy's energy supply contracts, improved risk and portfolio management, and optimized operation of NU's competitive generation facilities. Excluding the costs of the wholesale power dispute, our competitive businesses earned $32.2 million in 2003, or $0.25 per share, compared with a loss of $53.2 million in 2002. Performance of our regulated operating companies was strong in 2003, with retail electric sales up 3.6 percent from 2002.

1998

1999

2000

2001

2002

2003

Earnings per Common Share (Dollars)

1998

$ 0.00

$ 0.10

$ 0.40

$ 0.45

$ 0.53

1999

2000

2001

2002

2003

$ 0.58

Dividends per Share (Dollars)

NU's earnings per share benefited modestly last year from the company's share repurchase program. In the first quarter of 2003, NU repurchased approximately 1.5 million of its shares at an average price of $13.73. While we have not purchased additional shares since, the Board of Trustees has authorized the repurchase of up to 10 million shares through July 1, 2005. We estimate our 2004 earnings range at $1.20 to $1.40 per share. In order to achieve this outcome, we must complete key regulated capital initiatives, recover a reasonable and timely return on these projects, and continue to manage and grow our competitive energy businesses for increasing profitability.

$ 5,877

$ 5,761

$ 3,768

$ 4,471

$ 5,237

$ 6,069

Expansion and growth
1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003

Revenues (Dollars in Millions)

Upgrading and expanding our energy transmission and delivery systems are crucial to commerce, communication and the economic vitality of our communities. As the largest electric delivery system in New England, we have a critical responsibility

12

to maintain and upgrade our infrastructure. We strategically invested $550 million in the region's energy infrastructure in 2003, nearly all in our regulated businesses; we expect to invest an additional $730 million in 2004. These investments will improve service reliability and increase the system's asset base. To meet both advances in technology and customers' growing energy use, we must enhance the electric transmission system by extending 345-kV lines into southwest Connecticut where electric loads are growing at the fastest rate in the state. Siting for the 21-mile Bethel/Norwalk transmission line was approved in 2003 and construction is under way. We expect to complete the line by the end of 2005. Together with the proposed Middletown/Norwalk project and other system upgrades, these projects will deliver critical service reliability to southwest Connecticut and the rest of the New England grid. Had the proposed 345-kV system upgrades been in place last summer when we experienced the North American blackout, we believe restoration times for our customers would have been lessened. In less than one minute on August 14, 50 million people were plunged into the largest electricity outage North America has ever experienced. At NU, just over 300,000 customers were interrupted, some intentionally by grid operators to help stabilize the system. Power was restored to all our customers by the next evening, an unprecedented accomplishment by the grid operators and many of our employees. From transmission of electricity over our highest capacity electric lines, electricity must flow through our distribution system to reach neighborhoods, homes and businesses. To help us maintain and upgrade this distribution system, The Connecticut Department of Public Utility Control's (DPUC) rate case decision at the end of 2003 approved a four-year, $900 million capital investment program in Connecticut. We are also investing in technology to create a "smart" electric delivery system. This intelligent technology will help CL&P and WMECO continually monitor the status and dynamics of the network and better manage the distribution system to prevent outages before they occur. During 2003 we completed negotiations to purchase the Connecticut Valley Electric Company's assets which serve nearly 11,000 customers in the Claremont, New Hampshire, area. As of January 1, 2004, these new PSNH customers benefit from a 10­15 percent rate reduction, and PSNH expects some $1.1 million in annual earnings factoring in the return on regulatory assets.

Shareholder Value
NU is dedicated to providing value for our shareholders. To that end, we have achieved above average dividend growth in recent years, while maintaining a low dividend payout ratio. In 2003 NU's share price increased 33 percent, providing above average industry returns. We offer a strong financial profile and credit ratings, supporting our position as the largest energy delivery company in New England and a leading energy marketer in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic states.

Customer Care
For customers, we deliver reliable service at competitive prices and ensure that energy is there ­ for today and tomorrow. Several initiatives ensure our customer service is among the best anywhere. A state-of-the-art Emergency Operations Center serves as one of the country's best information and control facilities to immediately activate and mobilize for storm restoration and emergency response. A new System Operations Center centralizes our Connecticut crew dispatch and speeds our response to customers. A Customer Services Integration project is also under way to further enhance customer service and business efficiency as we consolidate call centers.

Employee Commitment
Employees are the backbone of NU. Our values reflect a firm commitment to diversity and to a workplace that rewards safety, innovation, teamwork and accountability. NU's policies and procedures support productive, motivated employees focused on serving our customers. Testimony to the strength of employment at NU is this fact: the average tenure of an employee is nearly 17 years.

13

At Yankee Gas, we are constructing a 1.2 billion cubic foot liquefied natural gas storage facility in Waterbury, Connecticut. When completed, this new facility will mean cost savings for customers as well as greater flexibility and security of natural gas supply for all of our customers in Connecticut. With the DPUC's final approval, we expect to break ground in the fall of 2004. Strong sales efforts by our competitive businesses resulted in an unprecedented level of contracts and project commitments at year-end, providing the strong foundation of revenues and profitability necessary to achieve 2004 earnings targets. Select Energy's wholesale group enjoyed an especially active fall selling season, successfully bidding on a number of major electric contracts totaling more than $900 million in projected revenues.

Integrity, stewardship
Our business integrity and devotion to area stewardship reflect our deep, long-term commitment to those we serve. Paramount to us is clear and complete financial disclosure, and full compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley requirements. To that end, the Board of Trustees' committees follow enhanced charters, employees adhere to a stringent code of ethics, and we thoroughly evaluate our business risks to ensure appropriate Internal Controls are in effect across the company. We further demonstrate our values in community service, which has been a long-standing tradition at Northeast Utilities. Through meaningful and strategic partnerships, programs and services, along with NU Foundation grants, we support education, civic and community enrichment, environmental stewardship, human services, and culture and the arts. In the environmental arena, we are particularly proud of the unique "renewables" aspect of a major Select Energy contract with the U.S. General Service Administration's facilities in New York. The multi-year agreement includes wind power for two facilities making them the first federal facilities to be entirely powered by wind-generated electricity. In March 2003, eight NU facilities and processes received certification to ISO 14001, an international standard promoting continual improvement in environmental performance. This achievement demonstrates our leadership and accountability for responsible environmental action ­ to regulators, customers and the communities we serve. Additional facilities have been scheduled for ISO 14001 review in 2004.

Our Northfield Mountain Station, a pumped storage hydroelectric generating plant, in Northfield, Massachusetts, played a pivotal role in restoring the regional electric grid for customers after the widespread August 14 blackout. When it was time to reconnect New England with the rest of the eastern interconnection, the link was made at our competitive business' Northfield Mountain Station, owned by Northeast Generation Company. The facility was selected because of its important location in the path between New England and New York and its ability to synchronize the two electrical grids and make changes in frequency and voltage.

14

Further protecting the environment, as well as helping customers save energy and money, our award-winning residential and business energy efficiency programs continue. Our 25-year commitment to these valuable programs and services has helped more than 500,000 individuals, small and large businesses, educational institutions and local government facilities meet their energy needs efficiently, with an eye on the environment.

For today and tomorrow, our focus is to continue our vital role as a respected energy leader and to further strengthen our customer-driven momentum to be the highest performing provider of energy products and services in the 11 northeastern states and beyond. We are committed to maintaining your trust and confidence in the NU family of companies and continue working to enhance the value of your investment. Sincerely,

A strong position for 2004 and beyond
Looking to the future, we remain steadfast in our priority to grow the company in both size and value. Our plans require us to:
·

Invest wisely in our regulated businesses to ensure we balance the ever increasing needs and expectations of our customers with growth in earnings and dividends.
Interim Chairman of the Board

Elizabeth T. Kennan

·

Enhance our transmission system to provide security and stability for the region's energy flow.

·

Extend the turnaround and growth of our competitive businesses which performed well in 2003.

Charles W. Shivery
Interim President

·

Live the ethics and values fundamental to the way we conduct business.

·

Rededicate ourselves to a culture of work safety as the top priority in every single office, facility and on every work site across the NU system.

As we closed the year, our leadership changed as Michael Morris left NU to join American Electric Power, and the NU Board of Trustees appointed an interim leadership team. The Board and an executive search committee hope to announce before NU's Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 11 their final selection for a chairman and a chief executive officer. With strong and focused management, and the steadfast commitment of our employees, we carry forward the vision, strategy and values which have guided NU so successfully. Our sincere thanks to the entire NU team for their dedication and the results they achieve for both shareholders and customers.

15

