Chairman's Message

Dear Shareholder, In 2013, Northeast Utilities once again delivered on its promises to shareholders and customers. It has been a year of tremendous progress for our integrated company, the foundation of which has been fiscal discipline, excellent operational performance and a customer-centric focus. We remain a strong company, one that consistently provides the high quality service our customers demand and the solid return on investment our shareholders have come to expect. In 2013, Northeast Utilities earned $2.53 per share, an increase of 11 percent over 2012 on a recurring basis. We also raised our common dividend 7.1 percent to an annualized rate of $1.47 per share, which when coupled with our share price appreciation from $39.08 to $42.39, provided our shareholders with a total return of 12.3 percent in 2013. This is our fifth consecutive year of double-digit returns for shareholders. And another dividend increase in February 2014, to an annualized level of $1.57 per share, marked our fifteenth dividend increase over the past fourteen years. The company also maintained its strong A- credit rating at Standard & Poor's, one of the industry's top ratings. In January 2014, Moody's raised most of our senior credit ratings further into the "A" category. These strong ratings help us lower our debt costs, saving millions of dollars annually for customers and shareholders. This solid financial performance was the direct result of three critical factors: a management team dedicated to implementing best practice standardization and cost efficiency; an all-employee commitment to operational performance targets; and our continued focus on improving the regional transmission infrastructure. We accomplished a number of merger integration initiatives across the company in 2013, all designed to enhance customer service, create efficiency and reduce costs. With the power of One Company we will continue to standardize across all of our operating companies from top to bottom ­ inventory items, how we configure and operate our system, the equipment we use, and automation and technology. For example, we had 48 different types of poles in our utilities. Today we have only six types. Also, our new outage management system will look and operate the same across our entire electric distribution system. And we are just beginning to optimize our service centers, which will greatly benefit our customers. We'll continue to make Northeast Utilities more efficient and more customer-focused, and by doing so we expect to dramatically improve our customer service. Operationally, Northeast Utilities met or exceeded our targets for our distribution, transmission and generation systems. In fact, 2013 stood as our best year of service reliability on record. This performance was achieved through employees' steadfast commitment to meet performance targets, as well as vigilant system maintenance and improvements such as system hardening and enhanced vegetation management around our power lines.

2

We were extremely well-prepared with a One Company approach to storm restoration and communication with customers

While Mother Nature did not demonstrate her power in 2013 as forcefully as in 2012, we did face some significant storm activity. In February, "Blizzard Nemo" swept through New England, severely affecting southeastern Massachusetts and causing a total of 320,000 customers in that area to lose electric service. Building upon our successful emergency preparedness efforts from the previous year, we were extremely well-prepared with a One Company approach to storm restoration and communication with customers, local leaders and state officials. Although the blizzard created hazardous weather conditions that restricted travel and hampered restoration work, a massive team of Northeast Utilities workers from three states came together, along with mutual assistance crews from across North America, to quickly restore power to customers. We achieved milestones with key transmission and natural gas initiatives--establishing the foundation for future growth. Two of Northeast Utilities' major electric transmission projects were completed in 2013: the Greater Springfield Reliability Project, which was constructed in western Massachusetts and northern Connecticut, and the Lower Southeast Massachusetts Reliability Project onto Cape Cod.

Our Northern Pass transmission project, which will bring clean hydropower from Quebec to the New England region, moved forward with a redesigned route through New Hampshire that incorporates community input. ISO-New England also approved plans to connect the line to the regional grid. With natural gas heating costs now half those of oil, we added a record 10,356 heating customers in 2013. This was double the level of 2009, and we expect the annual increase in heating customers to rise to more than 16,000 over the next decade. In 2013, Connecticut legislators and regulators endorsed initiatives that will ease the conversion costs for homeowners and businesses, important steps we believe will spur increased gas expansion. Combined with accelerating conversion activity in Massachusetts, we expect to double the earnings of our natural gas segment over the next 10 years. Further supporting investments in energy infrastructure opportunities, all six New England governors signed a pact in December committing each of their states to natural gas and electric transmission line expansion. This is a clear signal these particular issues will remain of paramount importance in our region, and Northeast Utilities stands ready to help New England address these

3

Milestones with key transmission and natural gas initiatives ­ establishing the foundation for future growth

infrastructure challenges. The reliability risks to New England were underscored during the frigid weather of January 2014, when many of the region's electric generators were unable to procure enough natural gas to reliably operate their units. We recognize the critical need for renewable energy investments and energy efficiency options for customers. We continue to support the development of economical wind projects, having executed four costeffective wind contracts in 2013. In 2014, we are slated to provide a total of half a billion dollars in energy efficiency programs for customers in all three states. How we measure success also includes our commitment to giving back to the communities we serve. Charitable giving and volunteerism have deep roots at Northeast Utilities. In 2013 we provided over five million dollars in grants to organizations that directly and positively impact families across New England. I am extremely proud of these accomplishments, but our work certainly is not finished. Like any great

organization, we routinely evaluate how we can improve to ensure our customers receive world class service. That is why we are redoubling our efforts to increase customer satisfaction, reviewing customer interactions at all levels of the company for improvement opportunities. Our employees' dedication to their craft and the customer are the lynchpin to this enterprise-wide transformation. I look forward to our continued success at Northeast Utilities, and I am very confident in our future. Lastly, when we look back at the achievements Northeast Utilities has experienced over the past several years, we can point directly to Chuck Shivery's leadership and influence. While Chuck is officially stepping down from the Board of Trustees this year, the hallmarks of his legacy ­ customer service, strong ties to the community and achieving attractive returns for investors ­ will remain woven into the fabric of our company.

4

