D I V I D E N D S PA I D / S H A R E
$0.625 $0.675 $0.725

$0.525

$0.575

02

03

04

05

06

SHARE PRICE
$28.16 $20.17 $15.17 $19.69

$18.85

02

03

04

05

06

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
For Northeast Utilities, 2006 has been a year of achievement and strategic execution. The pivotal decision made in November 2005 to exit the competitive business arena and focus entirely on our regulated businesses culminated in 2006 with the successful sale of NU's competitive business portfolio and the realignment of our organization to best support our new business direction. We are now a regulated holding company focused on our utility business, comprised of transmission, distribution and generation functions. This strategic refocusing has positioned us to better address the energy needs of our region, leverage the expertise of our employees and respond to the opportunities of the marketplace ­ advantages that have already yielded direct benefits for our shareholders, customers and communities. Our more focused business model helped highlight NU's most prominent successes in 2006, as we provided greater investment capital for ventures such as our transmission build-out program, and greater focus to realize high-benefit projects such as the environmentally friendly Northern Wood Power Project ­ now generating electricity for customers in New Hampshire through the burning of wood chips. As we continue to invest in our new strategy, we expect to build on these accomplishments and continue to deliver strong business results in 2007 and beyond.
REWARDING OUR SHAREHOLDERS

companies. Consistent with this growth, and aside from any potential impact of marking-to-market our decreasing level of competitive wholesale electricity commitments, we are projecting earnings of $1.30 to $1.55 per share in 2007.
SERVING OUR CUSTOMERS

In 2006, our market capitalization increased from $3 billion to more than $4.3 billion and we rewarded our shareholders with the sixth straight year of dividend growth at a rate well ahead of the industry average. The visibility and confidence in our regulated investment program, combined with the $1.34 billion sale of our competitive generation assets, which was a transformative transaction for the company, contributed to a 43 percent increase in the price of NU shares. In December, NU's share price rose to an all-time high, a level that was subsequently exceeded in February 2007, climaxing a year of growth that provided our investors with a 47 percent total shareholder return for the year. Fueled by investments in our regulated utility assets, we expect our success to continue. Earnings per share are projected to grow at a compounded annual rate of 10 to 14 percent from 2007 through 2011 ­ double the industry average for regulated electric and gas delivery

To help mitigate congestion in the regional electric transmission system that costs New England consumers hundreds of millions of dollars annually, and to ensure reliable energy for our customers, there is an urgent need to improve and expand New England's transmission system. NU is a national leader in identifying and resolving transmission constraints. Our transmission construction program represents nearly 60 percent of the Independent System Operator of New England's (ISO-NE) approved plan for infrastructure improvements. Focusing on our regulated transmission and distribution functions is a key part of our growth strategy. In 2006, NU redeployed hundreds of millions of dollars of capital into the construction and maintenance of energy delivery facilities required to meet New England's growing energy needs. Totaling $925 million in 2006, NU's capital investments will increase to $1.2 billion in 2007 as part of a five-year, nearly $5 billion transmission and distribution upgrade

program forecast through 2011. In absolute dollar terms, this is the biggest capital investment NU has made in company history. Accomplishments in 2006 included the completion ­ ahead of schedule and under budget ­ of our new 21-mile Bethel-to-Norwalk (B/N), Connecticut, 345-kilovolt (KV) transmission line. Construction projects such as this enhance system reliability and improve service for our customers, while providing shareholders with competitive returns.
INVESTING IN OUR COMMUNITIES

NU community investments in 2006 totaled more than $6.5 million, including more than $1 million pledged by our employees and retirees through the annual Employee Giving Campaign, which provides support to various United Way and nonprofit agencies throughout our service territory. Employees also donated thousands of hours to volunteer at schools, hospitals, fire departments and many other community organizations.
PLANNING FOR OUR FUTURE

DEFINING OUR VISION

With our new business model delivering exceptional financial results in 2006, it is time to build on our success and reach for a new level of performance. Adding increased refinement, clarity and momentum to our business strategy, we recently launched a new, companywide vision to guide our efforts. That vision can be summed up in three words: Energy, Growth and Leadership. Although these words are simple, they are rich in meaning. Guided by our new vision, NU is beginning 2007 with all of the key elements in place to expand our investment opportunities to benefit the region's energy consumers and to achieve operational and financial success as a fully regulated utility. Milestones were achieved in 2006 and pivotal strategies were implemented. And yet, this is just the beginning. Although much was accomplished in 2006, I am confident that we have positioned this company for continued success as the seeds we have sown this year come to fruition.

Recognizing that the health of our company is tied to the overall well-being of the communities we serve, NU has long provided significant community support in the form of contributions and employee volunteerism. In 2006, prompted by the effort to realign our organization in support of our new business direction, NU conducted a comprehensive review of its community investments with the goal of developing a more strategic, results-oriented approach. Guided by feedback from hundreds of community leaders, legislators and employees, we have refocused our resources to support projects that tackle the most pressing needs of our communities, as well as provide opportunities for NU to build strategic relationships. To maximize the benefit of our investments, we launched in 2006 a new chapter in NU's corporate giving by endowing the NU Foundation with $25 million of the proceeds from the sale of our competitive generation assets. Strengthened by these resources, the Foundation has been empowered to make investments at a level that could measurably impact community issues such as job creation, workforce development and environmental preservation.

As the largest regulated energy utility in New England, serving nearly 2.1 million homes and businesses, we take seriously our responsibility to help the region regain control over energy prices and meet customers' growing energy needs. In 2006, NU took a lead role in addressing these issues with regulators and with local and state leadership. High energy prices and complex energy challenges facing Connecticut, in particular, are top priorities for NU in the 2007 Legislative Session. Progress on these issues is essential to our customers, who now pay some of the highest energy prices in the nation. We continue to work closely with all of the appropriate policy makers in Connecticut to address this important issue. We are also cognizant of the fact that we must be stewards of our environment and that is why we are proud of our Northern Wood Power Project in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. By replacing a 50-megawatt (MW) coal-burning boiler with a woodburning unit of the same capacity, the Northern Wood Power Project not only achieved significant environmental and economic benefits for our customers in New Hampshire, it also reaffirmed our company's ability to provide innovative energy solutions through the construction of regulated generating stations.

Charles W. Shivery
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

NU 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 3

