Our Vision:
To become the highest performing regional provider of energy products and services, strengthening our region's security, stability and vitality.

Delivering:

Value
Dear fellow shareholder, employee, customer, and business partner: In 2002 Northeast Utilities'employees once again demonstrated a dedication to excellence, and their efforts provided the stability and reliability you value. 2002 marks milestone achievements ­ our financial position is stronger today than at any time in the past 30 years, and our standing in the regional energy market holds strong. Our role in highvoltage electric transmission continues to distinguish us as an industry leader. Across both our regulated and competitive businesses, from serving families to municipalities to major industries, people rely on us to provide the "energy for a changing world." 2002 was a year of solidly grounded business practices through which we:
o

Continued raising our dividend and buying back shares, enhancing the value of your investment. Maintained the strongest credit ratings in decades, increasing the credit position of NU as our industry's average credit profile declined. Delivered solid profits from all four regulated operating companies, while earning impressive customer service ratings. Completed the divestiture of nuclear generation, receiving fair treatment from regulators on the recovery of stranded costs. Avoided the billions of dollars of investment losses taken by companies with heavy merchant generation and overseas investments.

o

o

o

o

3

$ (1.12)

With our employees as the foundation of every business and customer service success, NU is poised for further growth and profitability in 2003 and beyond. A six-point business strategy will serve as our compass to achieve increased market share and enhance your investment in our company.

$ (0.20)

The year of change and uncertainty in our industry also brought challenges, chief among them the stock market decline. The Dow Jones Utility Average dropped by nearly 27 percent; by contrast, NU shares fell by just under 14 percent. Our reported earnings declined to $152.1 million, or $1.18 per fully diluted share in 2002 from $243.5 million, or $1.79 per fully diluted share, in 2001, due primarily to gains recorded in 2001 related to the sale of Millstone Station. Our 2002 results were further impacted by disappointing results in our competitive businesses, as discussed later in this letter.

$ 1.79 $ 0.26 98 99 00 01 (Dollars) $ 0.00 $ 0.10 $ 0.40 $ 0.45 01 $ 5,968 01 98 99 00 Dividends per Share (Dollars) $ 5,877 $ 3,768 $ 4,471 98 99 00 Revenues (Dollars in Millions)

Earnings per Common Share

Business Ethics and Sound Business Practices
Ethics and integrity are the foundation on which we build NU's success, and we are proud of our record. As Congress and the federal Securities and Exchange Commission introduced changes in corporate governance, accounting and financial reporting, we scrutinized our operations and management practices based on an in-depth review we conducted. We certified the completeness and accuracy of our financial reporting, reflecting our full compliance with both the letter and spirit of the law. We continue to uphold this standard.

Lasting Partnerships
The energy business plays a unique and critical role in our society, with many touch points. Our collaborative partnerships with regional officials, community leaders and environmental organizations afford us a connection to our customers beyond the physical reach of power and gas lines. These relationships afford us the opportunity to represent our customers and bring pressing energy issues to the attention of national and local leaders. Working regionally with regulators and legislators, NU contributes to workable energy policy and rules. Locally, we will see a transition from Connecticut's four-year Standard Offer period, mandated by 1998 restructuring legislation and ending in 2003. We continue to support the Connecticut Department of Public Utility Control to ease the transition to 2004.

Strong Financial Flexibility and Liquidity
NU's balance sheet is strong. Using the more than $4 billion received from selling most of our generating plants and securitizing our stranded costs, we paid off roughly half of the approximately $4.6 billion of debt, preferred stock and lease obligations held since the end of 1997. Virtually all our short-term debt has been paid as a result of the $384 million sale of our interest in the Seabrook nuclear units at the end of 2002. With NU securities remaining stable in 2002 despite hundreds of downgrades of other utilities' credit ratings and with our required refinancing obligations at a modest level, NU will maintain a strong balance sheet to retain our financial flexibility.

4

$ 5,216 02

$ 0.53 02

$ 1.18 02

Rising Dividend and Successful Share Repurchase
Management expects to continue to grow the dividend in order to achieve one of the highest dividend growth rates in our industry. The NU Board of Trustees will continue to evaluate the company's dividend based on our earnings target and other factors. On May 14, 2002, the Board approved a 10 percent increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.1375 per share, effective with the third quarter of 2002. Similar dividends were declared for the fourth quarter of 2002 and the first quarter of 2003. One of the best investments we can make is in our company, which is why we continue our share repurchase program. We have been pleased with its effect on our earnings per share in both 2002 and 2001. By repurchasing NU shares in the open market, we can spread our earnings and dividends across fewer shares. We spent more than $57 million in 2002 to repurchase some 3.7 million NU shares at an average price of about $15.78 per share. Our Board has authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 7 million shares in the first half of 2003. We will evaluate the program in light of industry liquidity standards and our capital program, which have both changed dramatically over the past two years. Utilities are among the highest yielding stocks in the U.S., with dividends especially important to our investors. Consequently, we support President Bush's proposal to end the double taxation on dividends and again ask that you join us in that support.

Balanced Growth, With Reinvestment in Transmission and Distribution
Our vision of a region enjoying growth and vitality is intrinsically linked to ensuring the reliability and capacity of its energy infrastructure. With regular infusions of financial capital we are substantially reinvesting in our regulated businesses to provide customers a wider choice of energy supply and reliability improvements, as well as to deliver steady growth and profitability to our shareholders. CL&P, exclusively a transmission and distribution business following the 2002 sales of its interests in the Seabrook and Vermont Yankee nuclear plants, continues to improve infrastructure, reliability and efficiency. Last year CL&P invested approximately $140 million in distribution lines, $35 million in the transmission system, $20 million in new meters and other customer services, and $17 million in substations. We expect to increase spending in these projects to ensure the reliability of bulk power supplies in Connecticut. At Yankee Gas, our investments are bringing increased fuel choice and energy options, the underpinnings of successful local economic development initiatives and satisfied energy customers. Yankee Gas invested $70 million in new projects in 2002, about triple the amount before Yankee rejoined NU. We built the first natural gas distribution line into East Lyme, Connecticut, and continue to refine plans and secure approvals for a liquefied natural gas storage and production facility at our Waterbury work center. Our goal is to provide a secure, reliable natural gas supply that will help keep prices stable for our customers. With New Hampshire experiencing the fastest growing economy in New England, PSNH invested some $110 million in new projects in 2002 and will continue to invest heavily in 2003 to expand the distribution and transmission system and upgrade the operations of its fossil-fueled plants. At WMECO, completion of a new $4.4 million substation ­ the first substation built in 30 years in this service area ­ connects a gas-fired electric generation facility to the New England grid, offering customers yet another source of electricity.

5

Moving power from pockets of excess supply to pockets of heavy demand is a pressing need in the fast growing area of southwest Connecticut as well as elsewhere in New England. By investing more than $500 million in three major transmission projects over the next six years, we can enhance our ability to import into the region less expensive power generated from more environmentally friendly plants. This proposed investment would remedy the critical southwest Connecticut supply situation and, in the long-term, ensure the stability and reliability of power for our service area and all of New England. Because we see this as a regional and national need, NU will create a stand-alone Transmission Business and will record its revenues and expenses in that business unit going forward in 2003. We join the New England ISO and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), as well as some of the state utility commissions, in advocating a more robust regional transmission system. To this end we will continue to advocate not only a business segregation but also a regulatory separation between intrastate and interstate commerce facilities as they are categorized by their actual function going forward. We fully support FERC's new incentive returns on equity capital and look forward to continuing to work with state and federal agencies to accomplish these very important national goals, which we believe will benefit our customers and our shareholders equally. We are pleased to report progress in our southwest Connecticut projects as we continue to discuss these critical facilities in public forums and establish the basis and need for a new 345-kV electric transmission line along existing rights of way between Norwalk and Bethel; a second 345-kV transmission line along existing rights of way between Norwalk and Middletown; and replacement of an undersea electric transmission line between Norwalk and Northport, Long Island. In the competitive arena, we continue to acquire niche companies in the energy services business, purchasing Woods Electrical and Woods Network Services in 2002 to complement the 2001 acquisitions of E.S. Boulos and Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing, which was renamed Select Energy New York. We regularly scrutinize potential new investments that can be accretive to shareholder value. We are purchasing the assets and franchise of Connecticut Valley Electric Company, which serves some 10,000 electric customers in western New Hampshire. We have not moved forward on purchasing additional merchant generation, feeling that the prices do not reflect true market conditions.

Competitive Businesses Must Make Meaningful Earnings Contribution
Chuck Shivery joined us in June 2002 as President and Chief Executive Officer of NU Enterprises, Inc. and has applied decades of experience to refine our competitive energy businesses and develop a new model for success. I believe we will see the results of his work this year. The 2002 financial performance of NU's competitive energy businesses was very disappointing overall, with a collective loss of $54.1 million after modest earnings in 2001 and 2000. In 2002 we faced challenges in competitive energy retail marketing and energy trading, as well as the continuation of the Connecticut Standard Offer contract. Even with our strong franchise in the northeast United States, selling electricity and natural gas to more than 10,000 large commercial, industrial and institutional customers, we were not insulated from first quarter 2002 losses due to one of the warmest winters on record. We are revamping our contract pricing to build more profit margin into our sales, while at the same time lowering our overhead. We are also managing our forward positions more conservatively to reduce the large swings in value that we have experienced in the past.
6

Our energy trading business lost significant sums of money last spring when natural gas prices spiked. Further, the number of firms with which we could trade fell sharply due to several deciding to exit the business. With fewer counterparties available to us, we lowered the level of capital at risk in the trading business considerably. We will continue to trade, on a smaller scale, as an important adjunct to our wholesale and retail marketing business. The net result of changes in our business portfolio is NU's position as a smaller, more agile company. In recent years we added Yankee Energy and our competitive businesses, and sold Millstone, Seabrook and the fossil plants owned by CL&P and WMECO. Given our reduced size, we took the painful step in 2002 of reducing our administrative staff, eliminating the positions of 200 employees and 100 contractors. This should result in approximately $20 million in pre-tax cost savings in 2003. I would like to thank several NU leaders who left our company in 2002. Raymond Golden, who chose to retire in December, was a Trustee for four years and provided valuable guidance to us. Bruce Kenyon, widely respected as the chief architect of the 1996-1999 turnaround at Millstone Station, retired as president of our Generation Group at the end of 2002. We are also indebted to four other NU executives who retired in 2002 ­ Jack Keane, Ted Feigenbaum, Gary Simon, and Keith Marvin ­ all of whom made lasting contributions to NU over their many years of dedicated service. I would be remiss if I did not mention and thank all of the dedicated individuals in the NU family, past and present, who worked on our nuclear program from our industryleading vision in the early days to the closing of the Seabrook sale to FPL. In the beginning and through the first decades, we were viewed as among the best nuclear operators in the world. This was followed by a period in the late 1980s and early- to mid-1990s when we faced our deepest challenge in the nuclear area. By the end of the 1990s and into the new millennium we regained our footing and closed our nuclear history as we had begun by being viewed as among the best nuclear operators in the world. The company owes a deep debt of gratitude to our state regulators and politicians, both state and federal, for helping us through these challenging times. We owe a specific gratitude to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for helping us to become a better, more conservative operator and to create a safety-conscious work environment, which became the industry model. Lastly, we would like to thank the nuclear industry, with special thanks to the Nuclear Energy Institute, and Institute of Nuclear Power Operations, for their many contributions to our success. With the support of these groups and many more, we leave the nuclear industry as we began, with our heads held high. Finally, my sincere appreciation is extended to our shareholders who continue to trust us with their investment and look to us to provide responsible, effectual leadership in a time of economic uncertainty and change. We are proud to earn your continued confidence as we leverage our industry expertise, proactively anticipate and meet our customers' energy needs, and address critical issues of energy security and reliability. Sincerely,

S&P

Moody's

BBB+

Baa1

BBB

Baa2

BBB-

Baa3

BB+

Ba1

BB

Ba2

BB-

Ba3

B+ 98 99 00 01 02

B1

NU Unsecured Debt Rating

Michael G. Morris
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

7

