To Our Stockholders
This year marks the silver anniversary of Express Scripts. Since 1986, everything we’ve done, every business decision we’ve made, every product we’ve introduced, has been based on our foundation of aligning our goals with those of our plan sponsors and their members.
And we never stand still. We’ve grown, both organically and through acquisitions, and we’ve become stronger. We’ve repeatedly demonstrated our ability to help our clients solve for issues in an industry that’s ever changing, ever challenging.
The past year was no exception. We’ve ensured that processes and talent are in place enterprise-wide to capitalize on future opportunities, and we’ve expanded our physical facilities. We’ve enhanced our capabilities to understand human behavior and how that behavior impacts healthcare costs, introducing product offerings that are proven, practical and appropriate for members and plan sponsors alike.
Moving forward, we’re prepared to continue to manage the toughest issues facing healthcare. To help in that effort, we built the 224,000 sq. ft. Technology & Innovation Center. The St. Louis facility brings together “mind, method and machine” in a manner that ensures the continued development of innovative products — and will help sustain a safe and affordable pharmacy benefit.
Select Solutions — Powered by ChoiceSM is but one example. This suite of products addresses the toughest pharmacy-benefit issues faced by sponsors. Yet it gives members the choice they want. It’s proving to be a win-win answer that’s unique in the industry.
Specialty Benefit Services (SBS) is another first-in-the- industry offering. SBS enhances care, guarantees savings,
and reduces wasteful expenditure in an area of healthcare coverage on a fast track to becoming almost unaffordable for plan sponsors. Express Scripts is a leader in managing care and site utilization, along with claims for medications billed under both the pharmacy and the medical benefit. Amid this rapidly expanding area of cost, we help plan sponsors provide quality care to patients with very serious diseases. Another win-win, another Express Scripts differentiator.
Also of note in 2010 was the successful integration
of the NextRx PBM business. When we announced
the acquisition of NextRx in 2009, we made several commitments. To WellPoint, we promised a high quality, carefully executed implementation process onto our single platform. To our current clients, we vowed uninterrupted high-level service to them and their patients. To our shareholders, we committed to the generation of more
than $1 billion in incremental EBITDA once the integration was complete.
I am pleased to report that, by remaining true to what we do best, we delivered on all three of those commitments.
These achievements are proof that Express Scripts continues to bring value to our clients. Our ongoing mandate to deliver the right drug at the right time for the right price resulted in a record-high generic fill rate of 72.7% in the fourth quarter of 2010. We processed more than 750 million adjusted claims — also a record for the year. Our adjusted earnings per share and cash flow from operations set records, too, while our stock performance outpaced peers and the overall market.
Across our book of business, we’re focused on substantial opportunities for collaboration in clinical offerings, data integration, therapy adherence and removing waste from healthcare. All of these areas have the potential to further drive substantial value. The positive impact on the health of our members will be greater than ever.
Massive changes are on the horizon for our industry, including healthcare reform and the upcoming wave of brand-name drugs losing patent protection. Meanwhile, healthcare costs continue to rise. In this environment, the PBM for the future has to be nimble. And it has to be smart enough to influence events and forward thinking enough to interpret events even before they occur.
We are that PBM. We’ve shown it in our work with our clients and our record of driving out waste while improving care. All indicators show that we’re only getting stronger and better at what we do.
The leading indicator for a strong future is the
caliber of our employees. Our people have a passion
for what they do — they know their work is vital. Our people know, no matter what their role in the company, that caring for a member’s health is what matters most. It’s our number-one priority.
It’s the commitment and performance of our people, every single day, which drives our success. We’ll continue to build shareholder value by working with passion and dedication to execute on our core principle: We make the use of prescription drugs safer and more affordable.
George Paz
Chairman and CEO
 Express Scripts 2010 Annual Report
12
