To Our Stockholders
For more than 20 years, our ongoing mission
has remained steadfast: We make the use of prescription drugs safer and more affordable. Since 1986, we have approached our business with a single focus: alignment of our goals with those of our clients and their members. This means as we save money for clients and patients — through the utilization of generic medications, lower-cost brand drugs and cost-effective delivery channels — our earnings improve.
Through the years, this unique foundation of alignment has enabled us to grow both organically and by acquisitions. We’ve become a stronger, more dynamic provider of services while driving out waste and improving patient health outcomes.
Carrying our strong track record forward in 2009, we implemented a new contract with the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) to provide integrated retail, Home Delivery and specialty pharmacy services for the DoD’s TRICARE Pharmacy Program, serving over 9 million DoD beneficiaries. Express Scripts is proud to serve the pharmacy needs of our nation’s armed forces, and we look forward to continuing to meet beneficiaries’ needs with outstanding service.
In December 2009, we completed the acquisition
of WellPoint’s NextRx subsidiaries and commenced
a long-term strategic relationship with WellPoint, one of the nation’s largest health plans. Through our unique alliance, we will create innovative programs that will drive improved health outcomes and reduce costs.
Our strong financial performance can be attributed to the consistent execution of our value proposition, reliably meeting the needs and exceeding the expectations of our clients and their members. We reported record adjusted earnings per share and cash flow from continuing operations.
We Understand the Landscape
Significant waste exists in the healthcare system. Industrywide, people are beginning to understand that traditional pharmacy benefit management methods of financial incentives and member education are no longer enough to drive member behavior change. A new industry paradigm is required. The unique and proven Express Scripts value proposition rises to the challenge by enabling better health and value through Consumerology®, the advanced application of the behavioral sciences to healthcare.
Research shows that 40% of health outcomes are determined by patient behavior.
Our introduction of Consumerology could not have been more timely or relevant. In 2009, we launched ignite09, the first conference series of its kind exploring the convergence of behavioral sciences and healthcare. Interest in this area is growing tremendously across the country, intersecting with the critical national focus on the healthcare system.
Key decision makers and innovators in healthcare
from Fortune 100 companies assembled in Washington, D.C., San Francisco and Chicago to draw on the insights of behavioral science experts and focus on providing attendees with the knowledge and tools needed to reach plan goals while maintaining
member satisfaction.
We Understand the Need
As we navigate an uncertain economic environment, including changes in the broader healthcare landscape, we rely on our clinical expertise, the insights gained from our investments in behavioral science and proven marketing theories to produce positive solutions that drive out wasteful spending from the healthcare system. Because we are fully aligned with our clients, we spend each day tackling those issues most important to them.
Express Scripts 2009 Annual Report
14

The challenges to reduce healthcare costs and drive out wasteful spending from the pharmacy benefit have never been more daunting. Research shows that 40% of health outcomes are determined by patient behavior. We have proven that our proprietary approach to driving positive behavior change is already producing dramatic results. Select Home Delivery, one of the first products to emerge from our Consumerology initiative, unlocks the behavioral principles behind procrastination to drive member behavior change. Through this program, we have successfully enrolled more than two million members in Home Delivery from the Express Scripts Pharmacy, our most cost-effective delivery channel, with no change in plan design.
Our innovative Select Home Delivery program has saved plan sponsors tens of millions of dollars.
We know plan sponsors want to ensure that their members are complying with the drug regimens prescribed by their doctors in order to remain healthy and safe. At Express Scripts, our primary focus is to manage medication therapy and safety for patients. Through highly specialized clinical solutions, we help to improve medication adherence and optimize health outcomes.
We identify patient, pharmacist and physician opportunities to close gaps in care. We then develop appropriate interventions to drive sustainable behavior change.
Consumerology is the proprietary enabler that gives
our plan sponsors the tools derived from our advanced application of behavioral science to healthcare. In conjunction with our goal of reducing waste, these efforts focus on the key elements of driving the lowest- cost mix of drugs, encouraging adherence to medication therapy and promoting the use of the lowest-cost delivery channel.
We Are Part of the Solution
As we look to the future, we will continue to rely on traditional growth drivers such as the increased use of generics and lower-cost preferred brands, Home Delivery and specialty pharmacy management services. All of these areas have significant room to run.
Our acquisition of NextRx and our strategic alliance with WellPoint provide an unparalleled opportunity to impact the healthcare of tens of millions of patients. Our relationship with WellPoint will expand the value of our leading health-information technologies, clinical expertise and thought leadership, driving innovation in the development and implementation of integrated health benefits.
Throughout 2009, we made investments in our infrastructure in general, and Consumerology in particular, that will aid in our future success. These investments, along with new systems and products, will increase growth, improve efficiency and significantly enhance both our clients’ tools and their members’ overall experience.
In today’s economic climate, plan sponsors need products derived from innovative thinking coupled with sound business practices. It’s more important than ever to optimize management of pharmacy spend in order to help ensure a sustainable benefit that can offer better health to members. We believe that our proprietary approach, infusing everything we do, is exactly what’s necessary to improve health outcomes for members, generate significant value for clients and achieve superior returns for stockholders.
George Paz
President, CEO and Chairman
 15
Express Scripts 2009 Annual Report
