To Our Shareholders: With more than a century of experience to guide us, Eaton has proven once again to be strong, agile and confident as we faced the daunting challenges of 2014. Despite continued slow global growth, the fourth quarter collapse in oil prices and international currency volatility, we set several performance records in 2014. We're pleased with the performance of our historic businesses and energized by the progress made in the integration of the five businesses we acquired since 2012. The ongoing integration of Cooper Industries, the largest acquisition in Eaton's history, is ahead of schedule and providing greater benefits than we had anticipated. In my letter to shareholders last year, I mentioned that Eaton's transformation will continue -- and it has. Your Eaton team delivered strong results in 2014 through product and process innovation and a laser focus on continuous improvement. We remain intent on our mission to help our global customers solve their most demanding power challenges. In solving these challenges, we take full advantage of the multiplier effect of our electrical, mechanical and hydraulic technologies and, most importantly, our people.

We take full advantage of the multiplier effect of our electrical, mechanical and hydraulic technologies and, most importantly, our people.
Fortunately, as I write this letter, our stock price in 2015 has rebounded 7 percent. And, when viewed over the long term, from 2000 through the middle of February 2015, Eaton stock has delivered a strong 14 percent compounded annual total shareholder return.

Maximizing opportunities in the "new normal."
The business headlines over the last several months have highlighted slowed momentum for many organizations and raised investor concerns--stagnant global growth, tough economic challenges in many emerging nations, unusual volatility in currency and commodity prices, regional political instability and increased regulatory reform. At Eaton, we believe these conditions are unlikely to change. Accordingly, we've worked hard to craft a strategy to succeed in these new conditions and to ensure that our execution maximizes our opportunities. During 2014, our strategic approach delivered noteworthy results:
·

Delivering record performance in challenging times.
Like many companies, we entered the year anticipating a modest upturn in our end markets--only to experience even slower growing markets than we anticipated. Our Eaton teams did an extraordinary job of focusing on what they could control-- leading to record performance on several fronts. We finished the year on a strong note, with 5 percent organic growth in the fourth quarter -- our strongest since 2011. Among the year's financial and operating highlights:
· ·

We posted record sales of $22.6 billion, up 2 percent from 2013. Operating earnings (excluding acquisition integration charges, litigation settlements and the aerospace divestiture gain) grew to a record $2.2 billion, an increase of 13 percent from 2013. earnings per share, excluding the same items, increased to a record $4.67, up 13 percent.
·

· Operating · We · We

With Eaton's geographic and end market balance, we have stability to withstand changes during any one year, whether these are declines in country or regional growth rates or headwinds in specific end markets. While investors know that our revenues are split approximately 50 percent in the U.S. and 50 percent in the rest of the world, Eaton's end market breadth is equally impressive--few of our individual end market segments amount to more than 5 percent of our total global sales. We reduced our historical earnings volatility through the economic cycle by expanding our span of businesses and end markets. As a result of the acquisition and successful integration of Cooper Industries, Eaton's earnings volatility has decreased by 20 percent. times of slower global growth, we believe a successful strategy must include a "self-help" earnings accelerator. That accelerator has been, and will continue to be in 2015 and 2016, our successful integration of Cooper Industries. Achieving $95 million in incremental synergy profits during 2014 was a significant driver of our increase in operating earnings and operating cash flows.

generated a record $2.53 billion in cash from operations, excluding the litigation settlements. raised our dividend 17 percent in February 2014 and another 12 percent in February 2015, maintaining our dividend yield among the highest within our peer group. repaid $560 million of the debt we borrowed to finance the Cooper acquisition.

· We

· During

·

We contributed $362 million to our pension plans, strengthening our balance sheet. We repurchased $650 million, or 9.6 million, of our shares-- approximately 2 percent of our outstanding shares. We strengthened our commitment to sustainability by reducing emissions and our environmental footprint in waste to landfill and water consumption, while expanding efforts to build safer and healthier workplaces and communities. We improved the safety of our facilities and our work practices-- reducing recordable incidents by 15 percent from the previous year.

·

·

· Continuing

to "change the mix" is a fundamental pillar of our strategy. For example, during the year we freed capital in parts of our Aerospace business by selling two small Aerospace businesses that weren't meeting critical scale or target profitability levels.

·

· We

In 2013, Eaton stock set new record highs with the value of our stock and dividends growing by 44 percent. In 2014, our stock declined by 11 percent and the value of Eaton shares (including dividends) declined by 8 percent -- compared to gains of 10 percent for the Dow Jones industrial average, 14 percent for the S&P 500 and 15 percent for the Nasdaq composite index.

revitalized our company--rather than simply restructuring-- by launching our company-wide RESET/REFOCUS initiative. We re-examined traditional ways of doing business and identified new approaches to unlock value in our businesses, regions and functions while opening the door for even further constructive and creative change. The extraordinary scope of imaginative ideas and approaches that emerged was just what we hoped to see. And, many of these new ideas are already in place and creating value for Eaton.

2

EATON 2014 Annual Report

Among our operating highlights for 2014: Electrical. What a year for our electrical businesses! We grew our revenues by 3 percent, excluding foreign exchange; we achieved our targeted $95 million of incremental synergy profits; the overall Cooper integration activities remain slightly ahead of the original schedule; and we introduced an incredible array of new products. We are particularly proud of our broad collection of new LED lighting products, with LED sales comprising more than 50 percent of our total fourth quarter lighting sales. Hydraulics. Our hydraulics business faced the most challenging end-market conditions of any of our businesses during 2014. Battling the headwinds of weak global agricultural and mining equipment production, along with the continued downturn in Chinese construction equipment, our hydraulics business achieved 2 percent revenue growth, excluding foreign exchange. Aerospace. This business had a terrific year, growing revenues by 8 percent, excluding foreign exchange and the two divestitures. Aerospace achieved strategic platform wins, including a next-generation widebody aircraft engine and the MA700 Chinese regional turboprop. As another important achievement, our aftermarket aerospace bookings took a positive turn this year. Vehicle. Both light vehicle and commercial vehicle markets were strong in the U.S. during 2014, helping propel revenues up 6 percent, excluding foreign exchange. With solutions that enhance fuel economy, emissions reduction and safety, customers around the world continue to choose Eaton vehicle solutions. We were particularly delighted to introduce our new lines of heavy-duty and medium-duty transmissions for commercial vehicles.

Join me in recognizing the achievements of our global team, now 102,000 strong. We are the Power Multiplier--discovering more ways to solve our customers' most critical challenges, evolving our business model in a changing economy and maximizing the power of our values-based culture. We are proud to live those values each and every day and prepared to make this annual pledge to our shareholders: Eaton is committed to Doing Business Right! On behalf of our entire team, thank you for your continued support.

Alexander M. Cutler Chairman

Energized

Multiplying profits and performance in 2015.
Riding on strong momentum from the second half of 2014, we have set the stage for outstanding performance in 2015, despite slow global growth. We expect our 2015 operating earnings per share will set a new record-- reaching between $4.75 and $5.05 per share. Achieving this is all the more challenging given the combined impact of anticipated currency devaluation and a higher tax rate. Together, these forces are expected to decrease our 2015 operating earnings per share by approximately $0.37 compared to 2014. Contributing to another record year will be our expected $150 million in additional synergy profits in 2015 from the integration of Cooper Industries. In 2016, we should gain an additional $115 million from synergy profits. In addition, we expect to increase operating cash flow in 2015 to between $2.7 billion and $3.1 billion.

The Eaton Equation
EATON 2014 Annual Report

We are well on our way to paying off our acquisition debt, having concluded much of the work to successfully integrate the Cooper acquisition and ready to chart our next steps to create value for shareholders. By mid-year 2015, we expect to share with investors our plans regarding Eaton's future actions in deploying capital.

5 3

