To Our Shareholders:
2010 was a remarkable year for Eaton. We anticipated a year of transition between the depths of the recession and a muted recovery. Our results exceeded those expectations by a wide margin, in part because of decisive actions we took to refocus and resize our company during the economic downturn. As a result, we were able to dramatically improve our profitability and cash flow, even though our revenues have not yet returned to pre-recession levels. We were also able to deliver outstanding returns to our shareholders.
Just as important, we haven’t simply been cutting costs to increase our profits. We’ve been investing in what we believe will be one of the most powerful megatrends for decades to come—Power Management. I invite you to read more about it throughout this year’s annual report. As we enter our 100th year in 2011, I’m proud to report that Eaton’s business strategy is working, our business is strong, and our future is unbounded.
Focused on results
Among the year’s financial and operating highlights:
• Our sales increased to $13.7 billion, up 16 percent from our depressed level of revenue in 2009.
• Our net income per share increased by 141 percent to $5.46 ($2.73 on an adjusted basis for the 2-for-1 stock split announced January 27, 2011).
a YeaR aPaRt
Eaton’s recovery outpaced the economy in 2010. Even better news: We still have a long way to grow.
• We contributed $403 million to our pension plans, greatly strengthening our balance sheet.
• We generated $1.3 billion in cash from operations, the result of significantly higher earnings and greater operating efficiencies.
• We increased our quarterly dividend by 16 percent in 2010, particularly notable since we had not reduced our dividend in the economic crisis in 2009.
• Our total shareholder return of 64.2 percent far surpassed the total returns of the Dow Jones industrial average of 14.1 percent, S&P 500 of 15.1 percent, and Nasdaq composite index of 18.5 percent. Our stock price reached a new market trading high on December 22 of $102.70 ($51.35 on an adjusted basis for the 2-for-1 stock split).
• We completed the acquisitions of EMC Engineers, Wright Line Holding and CopperLogic, and on January 1, 2011 we completed the acquisition of Tuthill Corporation’s Coupling Group. We also purchased our joint venture partner’s interest in Chloride Phoenixtec Electronics in Shenzhen, China. On January 20, 2011, we agreed to acquire ACTOM (Pty) Ltd.’s low-voltage electrical business in South Africa.
• Participation in our global employee survey was more than 96 percent.
• Our employee safety record improved by 14 percent.
eaton corporation 2010 Annual Report 3

45%
2010 sales 55% by final destination
U.S. International
2010 sales
by type of market
We continue to expand our global presence
  25%
75%
    a balanced business strategy
2010 provided a great canvas on which to demonstrate the strength of our balanced business strategy. Eaton’s diversified businesses and geographies made an enormous difference to our performance, as did our balanced participation in the three phases of the economic cycle.
Geographic balance. Our geographic diversity again paid real dividends in 2010. Eaton does business in more than 150 coun- tries, and 55 percent of our revenues were driven by economies outside the United States. Emerging nations led the global eco- nomic recovery, and we experienced growth of 30 percent in these economies during 2010. Twenty-five percent of our total revenues came from the developing economies of the world.
Economic cycle balance. Our early-cycle businesses have led us out of the global recession—global automotive markets have accelerated, the mobile equipment portion of the global hydraulics markets has rebounded strongly, and the single- phase power quality market has also recovered strongly. By midyear, many mid-cycle businesses had begun to recover and the decline in our late-cycle markets like aerospace and com- mercial construction has begun to slow, setting the foundation for an unusual period of simultaneous growth. 2011 holds the promise for all six of our segments to experience stronger end- market conditions than in 2010.
Strong performance across our businesses
Electrical. In spite of very weak market conditions in the Americas, our business grew handsomely throughout the Americas during 2010 and achieved new revenue records. We captured more than $500 million of stimulus bill-related projects, expanded our penetration of the wind and solar alternative energy segments, and captured a larger market share with our industry-leading, energy-efficient power quality equipment.
Our Rest of World segment notched new records in revenues and profitability as the capabilities of these new franchises evi- denced themselves. During the year we entered the Energy Service Company market segment through our acquisition of
Emerging Economies Developed Economies
EMC Engineers and strengthened our participation in rack and thermal management applications in data centers. The integration of significant 2007 and 2008 acquisitions has largely been com- pleted, and the Moeller and Phoenixtec acquisitions in particular have proven more valuable than expected.
Hydraulics. Having successfully weathered market reductions in 2009, our Hydraulics business achieved a pronounced recovery in 2010. Full-year markets rose more than 30 percent, powered by our mobile equipment customers in the construction and agricultural markets. We had strong growth in every region of the world. Our own revenues grew by 31 percent and our oper- ating profitability by 447 percent.
Aerospace. By midyear 2010, aerospace global demand had begun to improve. After nearly 18 months of weak aftermarket demand, we experienced a solid upturn in the second half, and our commercial aircraft customers are increasing their production rate expectations for 2011 and 2012. We were very pleased to have been awarded the fluid conveyance and cockpit panel and lighting systems for the new COMAC C919 single- aisle aircraft being developed in China.
Truck. The global truck market recovered dramatically in 2010, with only the NAFTA region remaining well below peak demand. Our geographic balance really paid off as we capitalized on strong markets in South America and Asia Pacific. Our hybrid power systems notched more than 100 million miles on the road by the end of 2010.
4 eaton corporation 2010 Annual Report

No cycle
$2.1 billion in revenues Electrical service, defense,
filtration, aerospace aftermarket
Late cycle
$3.0 billion in revenues Commercial aerospace, nonresidential construction,
large data centers
15%
2010 global cycle
32%
Early cycle
$4.4 billion in revenues Residential electric, single-phase power quality, heavy-duty truck, automotive
Mid cycle
$4.2 billion in revenues Hydraulics, industrial controls, medium-duty truck, mid-sized data centers
Automotive. Global automotive markets recovered signifi- cantly, led by growth in emerging nations. Around the world, demand for our technologies that improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and improve safety is accelerating. Demand for our supercharger product line grew dramatically during 2010, as European, U.S., South American and Asian vehicle OEMs made new commitments to our technology.
Celebrating the eaton difference
Eaton has undergone a dramatic transformation during the past 11 years. Today Eaton is a power management company; we
run our enterprise as an integrated operating company, and we remain a values-based enterprise. These three powerful beliefs form the foundation of our company. They allow us to embrace change as a source of strength, to value adaptability as critical to our organizational speed and agility, to capture the benefits of scale and to drive the advantages of best practices across our company. Underpinning our confidence in embracing change is our values-based culture—our simple but fundamental com- mitment to “Doing Business Right.” Our collective commitment to this credo is demonstrated every day in the decisions we make, the suppliers we ask to join our team, the channel part- ners we choose and our commitment to our communities. This is why so many great people around the world come to work for Eaton. To each, we express our thanks and we make this annual pledge: To Do Business Right.
100 reasons for optimism
When Joseph Eaton founded Eaton in 1911, he had a vision about a transformational axle for the fledgling trucking industry. He saw a megatrend—the explosion of the transportation industry—and he had the courage and conviction to innovate and bet on that megatrend. One hundred years later, the com- pany he founded builds on his vision, looking ahead to spot the megatrends that will fuel our growth and profitability, conceptu- alizing, innovating, producing products and services with out- standing quality and world-competitive costs, and serving our customers both in original application and in their aftermarket and service requirements.
As global economies have recovered and are beginning to grow, we again see pressure upon global energy costs and availability. The ever-increasing cost of extraction, processing, distribution and utilization powers our business. Our customers have and will continue to respond to the strong economic, sustainability and regulatory forces occasioned by this energy megatrend. They need new technologies to reduce their use of energy and improve their own carbon footprint. Well, that is who we are and what we do. We are a premier power management company—and we have compiled 100 reasons in this annual report to demonstrate how that makes a real difference for our customers and the communities in which we do business.
As we enter 2011, we do so as an even stronger company than we were prior to the recession. We are more focused, more cost-competitive and more adaptive. We continue to invest
in the cutting-edge technologies that make a real difference in solving our customers’ most challenging power management problems. And, we believe 2011 holds the exceptional promise for virtually all of our businesses to experience stronger demand than in 2010. It all adds up: Our strategy is working, our momentum is strong and our global team of more than 70,000 associates is tightly aligned; even our stock price, pre- split,topped$100pershare.Whatagreatfoundationupon which to celebrate our 100th year!
On behalf of our entire Eaton team, thank you for your contin- ued support.
Alexander M. Cutler
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
our businesses are balanced through the economic cycle
    22%
  31%
 eaton corporation 2010 Annual Report 5
