Power everywhere
To Our Shareholders:
Eaton’s power truly is everywhere. From fluid power, to electrical power, to mechanical power, Eaton has a unique range of technological capabilities that provide distinctive solutions for our customers’ broad and diverse application requirements. Eaton products are powering what is important in people’s lives at home, at work and at play all over the world.
And Eaton employees are delivering results to our shareholders – by employing innovation, creativity, partnerships, acquisitions and the Eaton Business System – to power the future of our enterprise.
Powerful Results
2004 was a breakout year for Eaton in many respects:
• Shareholders’ equity set a new record – reaching $3.6 billion. And our all-in return to you, our shareholders, was 36.4 percent – significantly outperforming both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Standard & Poor’s 500.
• Our sales reached $9.8 billion – another new record.
• For the fourth consecutive year, our sales growth was significantly better than that of our end markets – nearly $320 million in 2004.
• We completed the third largest acquisition in our company’s history, Powerware, in addition to several other acquisitions and joint ventures.
• Our earnings per share rose to an all-time high and our return on shareholders’ equity reached 20 percent, placing Eaton among the top three diversified industrial companies.
In light of our continued, strong progress in increasing our cash flow and improving our balance sheet, coupled with our confidence in the outlook for 2005, we announced the following actions in January 2005:
• A 15 percent increase in our quarterly dividend rate to $.31 per share from $.27 per share
• A plan to repurchase $250 million of shares of our common stock
Eaton clearly has emerged as a premier diversified industrial enterprise. In each of the last four years, we have shown that we can solidly outgrow our end markets, successfully acquire important new businesses and achieve impressive operating results through implementation of the Eaton Business System.
Power of the Eaton Business System
The Eaton Business System encompasses a range of stan- dardized practices that promote productivity and growth. But the Eaton Business System is more than a collection of tools and processes for managing our enterprise. It is what differentiates us from other diversified industrial companies.
By running Eaton as an integrated operating company, we are able to achieve economies of scale while leveraging best practices across all our businesses. Such gains in efficiencies free up resources for innovation and, ultimately, growth.
At the core of the Eaton Business System is our foundation of being a values-based enterprise. We believe that how we get results is every bit as important as the results themselves. This is why great people come to work at Eaton, and why they stay at Eaton for fulfilling careers.
3

We believe the fundamental strength of an enterprise is embed- ded in the values, principles and philosophy lived by its people. A year ago in this letter, I reviewed the company-wide process by which we refocused and confirmed our Vision, Mission, Ethics and Commitment. Each of these elements is an important key- stone in the foundation of the Eaton Business System. We grow as people and as an enterprise by adhering to these tenets.
In 2004, we built upon this foundation by further strengthening our Ombuds and Global Ethics programs. The Ombuds program is a mechanism for providing off-the-record, neutral guidance to employees seeking to resolve work-related problems. During 2004, the Ombuds program was expanded to all of Eaton’s North American facilities. Our Global Ethics Office and Ethics and Financial Integrity Help Line provide assistance for anyone, anywhere to discuss an Eaton-related ethical issue.
We know that the ever-escalating expectations of our global customers require that our team become more capable every year. This is one of the primary drivers behind our continued expansion of the Eaton Business System and our primary education forum, Eaton University. In 2004, 25,000 employees completed instructor-led courses through Eaton University and 29,000 employees enrolled in e-Learning courses, many of which focused on different aspects of the Eaton Business System – from ethics to the value cycle in marketing.
Our employees tell us that we are on the right track, and they continue to express their pride and commitment in our company’s progress through our annual Employee Survey.
In 2004, an unprecedented 97 percent of our entire workforce completed this online questionnaire, which was delivered in 21 languages. And for the second year in a row, the index measuring employee engagement climbed solidly.
Most importantly, our employees continue to identify additional opportunities for improvement by expressing themselves through the Employee Survey and other means. For example, based on survey feedback, a new, comprehensive program for rewarding and recognizing employees throughout Eaton is being implemented in 2005.
Great people, a great culture, and a world-class business system – a powerful combination!
Power From Innovation
We believe that innovation fuels growth. Eaton again introduced a robust array of new products and services in 2004 that con- tributed to our continued, strong outgrowth of our end markets. A few of the exciting new products bringing power and real, differentiated value to customers include: the new home-safety product line, Home Heartbeat, in our Electrical business; a new line of medium-duty piston pumps in our Fluid Power business; new electronic limited slip traction control technology in our Automotive business; and a new hybrid powertrain in our Truck business. We are proud of our strong record of organic growth. And the technical vitality, ingenuity and strength inside Eaton continue to be important drivers of success.
Power Through Acquisitions
We were very pleased with our successful corporate develop- ment activity in 2004, with acquisitions and new joint ventures continuing to be important elements in our overall growth formula.
• Our $560 million acquisition of Powerware, the second largest producer of uninterruptible power systems equipment, brings an important additional range of capabilities to our Electrical business. Through this acquisition, we have further strength- ened our competitive position in the fast-growing market
for power reliability and power quality.
• In our Fluid Power business, we added Walterscheid, a leading European supplier of tube fittings, and announced an agreement to acquire Winner Hydraulics, a leading supplier of hydraulic hose fittings and adapters in China.
• Our Truck business formed a joint venture in China with First Auto Works (FAW) to manufacture medium-duty transmissions for the Chinese market.
Eaton’s strong cash flow, and proven ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses, will be important elements in powering our future.
Future Power
We are, of course, upbeat following our strong performance in 2004. But our enthusiasm is based on more than momentum or an overly optimistic view of the future.
Our company is better positioned than it has ever been. Our balance of businesses allows Eaton to participate advantageously in both the early and late periods of the economic cycle. For example, while many of our end markets grew significantly during 2004, several of our important end markets have yet to begin their recovery. We expect to benefit from the strengthening of the commercial aircraft market, the North American non-residential construction market and the European economy during 2005.
2004 was both an immensely challenging and extremely gratifying year for our entire Eaton team. We successfully managed the enormous increase in global materials costs, a dramatic ramp-up in several of our end markets, and the opportunities posed by our acquisition and joint venture activities. I extend my personal thanks to everyone at Eaton for their exceptional contributions. We truly stepped up to a higher level of achievement in 2004!
I also express my appreciation to our shareholders. You have supported us as we transform Eaton into an increasingly effective enterprise. We believe that our outstanding all-in shareholder returns over these past four years are a confirmation that our strategy is right, our execution is strong and our commitment is absolute.
We look forward to the challenges and opportunities of 2005 and beyond.
Alexander M. Cutler
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 4
