Creating a sustainable growth advantage
To Our Shareholders:
We live in extraordinary times. Global economies are booming, creating unprecedented opportunities for growth. But, as newspaper headlines remind us every day, that’s also putting pressure on the world’s resources. Companies everywhere must answer the same difficult question: How can we sustain our growth, both profitably and responsibly?
While the challenge is enormous, the opportunity may be even more so. Companies that master sustainability—and leverage it as a competitive advantage—will emerge as the leaders in the coming decade. At Eaton, we call that opportunity “The Power to Make a Difference.” We’ve dedicated this annual report to that theme and I encourage you to read the business stories following this letter to see how our employees are making a difference for customers all over the world.
Eaton’s commitment to sustainability is longstanding. This year—thanks to a new internal system that enables us to measure those efforts consistently across our organization— we are able to share our progress with you by publishing our first sustainability report, contained within. Over time, we will strive to achieve continuous improvement across these measures, while maintaining our commitment to delivering superior financial results.
Surpassing Our Goals, Setting New Records
During 2006, we continued to extend that track record, out- performing our markets to deliver our sixth straight year of record results:
• Our sales surpassed $12 billion for the first time in our history, growing by 12 percent and reaching $12.4 billion.
• For the sixth consecutive year, our revenue growth outpaced the growth in our end markets — by $125 million in 2006.
• We completed or announced eight acquisitions during the year — primarily in our Electrical and Fluid Power businesses.
• We increased earnings per share by 19 percent to a record $6.22.
• We generated an all-time record $1.4 billion in cash from operations, an increase of 26 percent.
• We increased our dividend twice during the year — a cumulative increase of 26 percent.
• We repurchased $386 million of our stock.
• And we delivered a record 23 percent return on shareholders’ equity, again placing our return at the top of diversified industrial companies.
This performance isn’t the by-product of a one-year spike or market anomaly. It is the result of years of effective work and dedication to delivering product and service innovations that differentiate Eaton in the marketplace, and enable us to play an expanding role in our customers’ businesses. Deepening these relationships continues to be one of our most important opportunities for growth.
2

Building on Our Technological Strengths
Eaton’s technology makes a powerful difference for our cus- tomers. We have invested aggressively over the past several years to advance our technical vitality, both through internal development and acquisitions. Higher fuel prices, increased energy cost volatility and, yes, even rising concerns about energy supplies are driving demand for our advanced solutions in both developed and developing nations.
For example, Eaton’s PowerChain ManagementTM solutions— including new, more efficient uninterruptible power supply equipment and leading energy-usage diagnostics capabilities —are helping customers reduce their electrical power use and ensure they have continuous access to quality electric power.
During 2006, we expanded our Electrical business’ capabilities through a number of important moves. This included three key acquisitions: Marina Power & Lighting to extend our reach into the fast-growing recreational marine and temporary housing markets; Senyuan International Holdings Ltd. to capitalize on booming Chinese electrical utility and infrastructure markets; and Schreder-Hazemeyer SA to deepen our participation in the Benelux (Belgium, Netherlands and Luxembourg) markets of Europe. Additionally, we completed our acquisition of Power Products Ltd. in February 2007, bolstering our service capabilities in the Czech Republic.
In our Fluid Power business, we are developing hydraulics systems that deliver greater precision, power and efficiency, and advancing the commercialization of hydraulic hybrid powertrains to reduce fuel consumption and emissions in commercial vehicles. In aerospace, we are completing mission- critical system development for multiple platforms such as the new F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, Boeing 787, Airbus A380 and the Embraer Very Light Jet. In filtration, we are introducing new filtration media that improve both the efficiency and longevity of our products.
During 2006, we acquired Synflex, adding new thermoplastic fluid conveyance capabilities to our hydraulics portfolio and increasing our participation in the fast-growing oil and gas exploration fields. We also acquired Ronningen-Petter to expand our growing filtration business, particularly in petro- chemical markets. Our acquisition of Argo-Tech, which we expect to close in the first quarter of 2007, will broaden our leading position in aircraft fuel systems.
Higher fuel prices and tougher emissions regulations are increasing demand for our automated truck transmissions and industry-leading diesel electric hybrid powertrains for commer- cial vehicles. During 2006, we acquired the diesel assets of Catalytica Energy Systems Inc. to help us advance the develop- ment of a new aftertreatment technology that will add to our portfolio of solutions for diesel-engine users. Fuel and environ- mental concerns have also accelerated the adoption of our Automotive business’ industry-leading engine air management solutions, and new safety regulations are boosting interest in Eaton’s vehicle traction control technologies.
Anticipating Market Shifts to Maintain Growth
In late 2005, we correctly anticipated that the North American economy would slow during the second half of 2006. Taking this into account, we put in place Excel 07, a comprehensive program of resizing our resources to ensure our ability to per- form effectively and efficiently. As a result, Eaton enters 2007
well positioned to take full advantage of the opportunities that lie ahead, while dealing with an expected slowdown in NAFTA heavy-duty truck production, which will impact our Truck business.
In addition, we’ve improved our business and geographic bal- ance. We have never been better positioned to take advantage of each of the elements of the business cycle. In particular, our increased exposure to the commercial construction and aerospace markets has enlarged the percentage of our busi- nesses that tends to accelerate during the middle and late portions of an economic cycle. Furthermore, we now generate 42 percent of our sales outside of the U.S., giving us greater balance should its economy weaken.
As a result of these and other actions, we are confident about our growth potential, and remain firmly committed to our 2010 goals:
• 10 percent compound growth in revenues,
• 15 percent compound growth in earnings per share, • Free cash flow of 9 percent of annual sales,
• And 15 percent return on invested capital.
It’s Our People Who Make the Difference
There is no more fundamental challenge and accountability for each of us as individuals—and for the organizations we represent—than to“make a difference.”At Eaton, we feel this same challenge, accountability and opportunity every day. It’s part of what makes Eaton such a special enterprise: We are a values-based organization. We live our values, and we sincerely believe that they will continue to propel us forward.
We remain confident in our ability to reach even higher levels of performance by focusing the capabilities of our 60,000 associates worldwide through the Eaton Business System, creating The Power of One Eaton. It’s through that power that we will continue to make a difference for our customers, our employees, our suppliers, the communities in which we live and, of course, our shareholders.
On behalf of our entire Eaton team, thank you for your continued support.
Alexander M. Cutler
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 3
