   ONE CHANGED COMPANY
ENVISION EVOLVE ACHIEVE
“We now manage our enterprise as one integrated operating company, not four individual businesses. It’s the power of one Eaton: harnessing Eaton’s size, strength and scope through the common tools and processes of the Eaton Business Sys- tem to drive change and rapidly leverage best practices across the organization.”
To Our Shareholders:
Eaton is a changed company.
Five years ago we set out to transform Eaton and that systematic, strategic repositioning has paid off. It shows in our portfolio of businesses. It shows in our senior leadership. And it shows in our results: the year 2000 was one of remarkable achievement for Eaton because we delivered record operating results despite a drastic weakening of the North American truck market and weakness in our light-vehicle markets during the fourth quarter.
BUSINESS BALANCE
Now Fluid Power and Industrial & Commercial Controls are Eaton’s largest business segments, accounting for 62 percent of our 2000 operating profit
 before unusual items. While Eaton’s vehicle segments remain important ele- ments of our company, the strength of our other businesses enables us to maintain improved profitability through- out the economic cycle.
We are well positioned in the growth areas of all our businesses, having shed lower-growth, capital intensive, strategi- cally disadvantaged businesses and acquired new businesses that comple- ment our strategic focus or broaden our product lines in high-growth markets. Our cornerstone acquisitions of Aeroquip- Vickers, Inc. and the Westinghouse Distribution & Controls Business Unit,
for example, were game changing moves in their markets. This year, we acquired three more Fluid Power businesses, which provided entrée to new geographic
 markets and broadened our systems capability. We also announced our intent to purchase Sumitomo Heavy Industries, Ltd.’s 50 percent interest in Sumitomo Eaton Hydraulics Co., Ltd., our hydraulics joint venture in Japan, which will position Eaton as a hydraulic systems leader in the Asia-Pacific region. In other moves designed to sharpen our strategic focus, we announced the planned divestiture of our Vehicle Switch/Electronics Division and concluded the sale of our power
tool switch product line.
At year end, Eaton concluded the spin-off of its semiconductor equipment business, Axcelis Technologies, Inc., cre- ating more than $1 billion in shareholder value. We wish our former colleagues at Axcelis the very best as they begin a new chapter as an independent company.

 exceeded our longstanding target of 10 percent return on sales. CHESS, the new Cutler-Hammer engineering services and systems business, achieved a prof- itable fourth quarter and is well posi- tioned for improved profitability in 2001.
Sales in the Automotive segment were down year to year, due largely to the weak euro exchange rate and a weakening of light-vehicle markets. Our business has grown on average 11 per- cent per year for nine years in a row, a true rarity in this market.
Sales in the Truck segment declined by 11 percent, primarily due to a 25 per- cent drop in NAFTA heavy-duty truck production. Restructuring plans for this segment will create a business model that is less vertically integrated, takes better advantage of our global presence, and focuses on those areas where Eaton brings distinctive value to the marketplace. The result will be a more flexible, more profitable organization that is less affected by the inevitable cycles of this market.
GROWTH MARKETS
We have continued to act on our strategic belief – that we will be of great- est value to our customers by solving their most challenging application prob- lems. In Automotive, for example, we have industry-leading technology to solve two of the biggest challenges in the automotive industry today: fuel economy and emissions. Eaton is “the green machine,” developing air management systems that result in superior fuel econ- omy, higher performance and better emissions control.
In Fluid Power, in a two-year time period, Eaton has emerged as one of the worldwide leaders with full-service capability for our industrial, on- and off- highway vehicle and aerospace cus- tomers. Eaton is actively participating in the fast-growing aerospace market,
 with major product content on commer- cial, business and regional jets. We
are also a strong player in the industrial and mobile equipment markets, with the proven capability to become the system supplier of choice.
Our Industrial & Commercial Controls segment is focusing on the burgeoning need for power quality, which is a significant area today in view of deregu- lation and the ever-increasing demand for electrical power. Eaton products distribute power to today’s server farms and cell towers, and provide integrated facility solutions for retail operations to handle all aspects of energy management.
Eaton’s Truck segment continues
to be recognized by original equipment manufacturers as their fuel economy, uptime and safety partner, producing products that have enabled fleets
to reduce accidents by as much as 100 percent.
THE POWER OF ONE EATON
Having become a truly diversified industrial company, our target is now to join the ranks of the premier diversi- fied industrials. To do this required that we change our business model. We now manage our enterprise as one integrated operating company, not four individual businesses. It’s
the power of one Eaton: harnessing Eaton’s size, strength and scope through the common tools and processes of the Eaton Business System to drive change and rapidly leverage best practices across the organization. This significant change in how we run our company requires
a fundamental change in how we develop our business and functional leaders. To accelerate this change, we have established Eaton University, a coordinated management and leader- ship training institute.
REINVIGORATED LEADERSHIP
Now we have a leadership team that combines the best of the old and the new: 47 percent of Eaton’s senior man- agers are new to their positions in the last year. Seasoned and skilled, they bring experience in a variety of industries with some of the world’s most successful companies. This infusion of fresh thinking and objectivity is the perfect complement to the in-depth specialized knowledge of longer-tenured Eaton leaders.
This leadership team is making a high- performance culture pervasive at Eaton. Harnessing the power inherent in our size, strength and scope to drive results, our leadership team is shifting our organi- zational mindset to a customer-centric focus. Most important, our energies
are increasingly focused on only those actions that will drive breakout perform- ance and ultimately, success.
REAL RESULTS
As promised, Eaton delivered record operating earnings per share this year despite the severe downturn in the North American heavy-truck market. This was a first. We also delivered exceptional value to our owners via the initial public offering and later spin-off of Axcelis.
Profits in the Fluid Power segment were up 41 percent from a year ago, before restructuring charges attributable to our acquisition of Aeroquip-Vickers, Inc. Additionally, we completed the most difficult aspects of integrating the Aeroquip-Vickers manufacturing facili- ties. Overall, this acquisition added about 70 cents to Eaton’s earnings per share in 2000, 20 cents more than previ- ously promised. Integration actions to be completed in 2001 will yield additional accretion of 25 cents per share.
The Industrial & Commercial Controls segment delivered a truly impressive performance. Segment profits were 39 percent higher than last year and we

“It is easy to be proud of this company.There are extraordinary sources of power in Eaton that will enable us to achieve our goals and deliver value to our owners, our customers, our employees, our suppliers and the communities in which we operate. As one Eaton, there are no limits to what we can accomplish.”
 The Eaton leadership team is united, energized and committed to achieving new goals for significantly improved performance that will earn us a place among the premier diversified industrials. To reach this goal, we believe that in the next five years we will have to achieve
at least 10 percent growth through the economic cycle, improve our profitability by 30 percent and reduce our capital intensity by 15 percent.
As economic growth in North Amer- ica and Europe slows, we are putting an even higher premium on cross-company innovation and productivity in thinking, in processes and in operations. Acquisi- tions will continue to be another impor- tant component of Eaton’s growth strategy, particularly as we capitalize on the expanding markets where we enjoy distinctive positions.
The power of one Eaton is the key to our drive for higher profitability, and it’s
 critical to this company becoming an outstanding performer. We are more than capable of earning a multiple that is competitive with those of the premier diversified industrials. I firmly believe that the premium nature of Eaton will merit a revaluation of our entire franchise that more accurately reflects its present and potential value.
It is easy to be proud of this company. There are extraordinary sources of power in Eaton that will enable us to achieve our goals and deliver value to our owners, our customers, our employees, our sup- pliers and the communities in which we operate. As one Eaton, there are no limits to what we can accomplish.
Alexander M. Cutler
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Our office of the Chief Operating Officer has been reconfigured: we have assigned corporate responsibilities for marketing, innovation, quality, supplier resource management and geographic programs to the executives who run Eaton’s four businesses, each of whom must drive change and results in his corporate-wide responsibilities. Cross- company integration also is accelerating in finance, information technology, com- munications, human resources and other staff functions.
We are starting to truly embrace change as a source of strength in every- thing we do. Eaton people recognize that Eaton has changed, and are seeing the benefits in our attitude and in our results. But in the midst of dramatic change and our zest to become a high-performance company, we have not lost our ongoing focus on ethical business practices. At Eaton, we care about how we get results.
 