The answer is Eaton
To Our Shareholders:
Eaton further strengthened our capabilities as a leading global power management company in 2013. We are a changed com- pany—and a larger and more capable business enterprise. In the past 15 months we have melded five new acquisitions into Eaton, creating more solutions for our customers, career oppor- tunities for our associates, new business for our suppliers, and significant value for our shareholders.
During the year, our legacy businesses built upon their historic strengths and our integration of Cooper Industries—by far the largest acquisition in our history—is well ahead of schedule. This bold and transformational acquisition is meeting or exceed- ing virtually all of the key performance indicators we had prior to the acquisition. Our electrical business generated more than 60 percent of our sales in 2013, including a growing share in markets outside of the U.S.
In last year’s letter to shareholders, I stated that we would “move forward with confidence and purpose—and to create our
own growth” in a lackluster economy. The 102,000 associates of Eaton are making good on that promise, as we continue to help our customers address the “power imperative” to operate their businesses and products more efficiently, reliably, safely and sustainably.
Delivering strong returns in a soft economy
We entered 2013 expecting only modest growth in our markets, but they grew even more slowly than we expected. Despite this sluggishness, we posted solid earnings growth, boosted by our organization-wide focus on productivity and by exceeding the targeted benefits of our acquisitions. Organic revenue growth strengthened to 4 percent in the fourth quarter, setting
the foundation for stronger growth in 2014. Among the year’s financial and operating highlights:
• We posted record sales of $22 billion, up 35 percent from 2012.
• Operating earnings, before acquisition integration charges, grew to a record $2.0 billion, an increase of 42 percent from 2012.
• Operating earnings per share increased to a record $4.13, up 5 percent, reflecting the additional shares we issued to help pay for the Cooper acquisition.
• We generated a record $2.3 billion in cash from operations and increased our dividend by 11 percent.
• We repaid $976 million of the debt we borrowed to finance the Cooper acquisition.
• We contributed $341 million to our pension plans, strength- ening our balance sheet.
• We further strengthened our commitment to sustainability leadership by reducing our greenhouse gas emissions, waste to landfill and water consumption, while expanding our efforts to build better, safer and stronger workplaces and communities.
• And we improved the safety of our facilities and our work practices—reducing our recordable incidents by 5 percent from the previous year.
Our stock attained new record highs during 2013. For the
year, the value of Eaton shares (including quarterly dividends) increased by 44 percent—compared to gains of 30 percent for the Dow Jones industrial average, 32 percent for the S&P 500 and 40 percent for the Nasdaq composite index. Since 2000, through the end of 2013, Eaton stock has delivered a strong
16 percent compounded annual total shareholder return.
eaton 2013 Annual Report 3

50%
2013 sales
by final destination
61%
We continue to expand our global presence
  26%
24%
U.S.
International Developed International Emerging
14%
8%
2013 sales
by business segment
 Electrical Hydraulics
17%
Aerospace Vehicle
      Taking control of our destiny
For companies to do well in the current post-recession, slower- growth environment, it is critical that they demonstrate the ability to control their own destiny. They must rise above challenging markets, find underserved market needs, innovate to deliver out- standing solutions to their customers, and capture every source of productivity and scale. It is simply not enough for teams to work harder—they must work smarter and be willing to change.
During 2013, Eaton teams epitomized these traits, helping us to overcome current economic challenges and create our own earnings growth. Three examples are particularly noteworthy:
• We are now ONE company—not a company with five new acquisitions. Our integration teams working to successfully integrate the acquisitions we completed during 2012 compiled an enviable record of achievement. They managed myriad decisions, projects and deadlines successfully and exceeded our performance expectations. They welcomed more than 30,000 new associates to the Eaton team in more than 50 countries around the globe and made enormous progress in implementing the Eaton Business System throughout our operations. As just one example of their achievements,
the teams working on the acquisition integration of Cooper Industries achieved $115 million of pre-tax synergy profits— $40 million above our original target.
• In our legacy operations, our teams achieved $95 million higher productivity savings than we had targeted for 2013.
Their efforts went a long way to offsetting the impact of slower-than-expected market growth.
• We entered into an agreement to divest two aerospace business units, allowing our aerospace team to concentrate our resources on building leadership positions in hydraulic, fuel and pneumatic systems. This divestiture demonstrates how we’re focused on building our competitive advantage and redeploying capital to maximum advantage.
Among our operating highlights for 2013:
Electrical. It was an outstanding year for our electrical business. Revenues grew 74 percent, with the largest driver of growth being the full-year impact of the Cooper, Rolec and Gycom acquisitions completed in 2012. Our product and geographic breadth has enlarged dramatically and our capabilities have been significantly enhanced in key end markets, such as oil and gas, mining, data centers, machine building, and residential and non-residential construction. We accelerated our pace of new product launches with industry-leading LED lighting product introductions, a new mid-range line of uninterruptible power systems and other innovations.
Hydraulics. Our hydraulics business increased sales by
1 percent, despite facing declining end markets for the second
straight year. Key to this achievement was the successful integration of Polimer Kauçuk (SEL) and Jeil Hydraulics as well as strong growth in Latin America, where our penetration of the oil and gas industry applications has been significant.
Aerospace. Our business was able to grow sales by 3 percent while managing an impressive array of new platform developments and introductions to help fuel our future growth. Expansion of commercial aircraft markets was offset by weakening defense spending, creating challenging overall market conditions.
Vehicle. Despite strong demand for Eaton’s superchargers, truck transmissions and other fuel-efficiency products, sales for our vehicle business declined 2 percent for the year, reflecting weaker commercial vehicle markets.
Driving higher earnings growth in 2014
The post 2008-2009 period has proved to be a disappointing one from the perspective of economic growth. Frankly, we believe this pattern will continue in 2014, although there are signs of some strengthening in selected regions of the world.
4 eaton 2013 Annual Report

Our businesses are balanced through the economic cycle
  No cycle
Electrical service, defense, filtration, aerospace aftermarket
Late cycle
Commercial aerospace, utilities, nonresidential construction, large data centers
11%
2013 global cycle (pro forma)
29%
Early cycle
Residential construction, single phase power quality, heavy duty truck, automotive
Mid cycle
Hydraulics, industrial controls, medium duty truck,
mid-sized data centers
   31%
     The Cooper acquisition is meeting or exceeding virtually all of the key performance indicators we had prior to the acquisition.
Nonetheless, we believe we have demonstrated our ability to compete successfully and deliver strong results in this slow- growth environment and are confident that we will do so again.
During our fourth quarter conference call, we issued guidance of $4.50 to $4.90 operating earnings per share for 2014, which would establish a new record for our company even in this challenging environment. This scale of achievement has been and continues to be possible only through the extraordinary contributions of our associates around the world.
We are targeting an additional $95 million of year-over-year synergy profits in 2014 from our Cooper acquisition, and will follow that with a further $140 million of year-over-year addi- tional profits in 2015. This multi-year profit growth represents a powerful accelerator to the organic growth that emanates from our set of global power management capabilities.
Increased cash flow creates new opportunities
Looking further ahead, our confidence in the future is fueled by two significant strategic advantages created by our transfor- mation of the company. First, with our improved balance of businesses, Eaton has reduced its earnings volatility through
the economic cycle by 40 percent. Second, our annual cash flow from operations is now significantly above $2 billion and promises to grow further. We believe our enhanced growth rate, reduced earnings volatility and strong cash flow will create tremendous new opportunities for further growth and expansion.
Our global team recognizes that we still have so much to learn, so much to improve, and so many opportunities to convert
to achieve our goals. But the magnitude of the oppor-
tunities ahead of us provides us with enormous inspiration and motivation.
Our transformation will continue, fueled by our values-based culture, our expectation of high performance and our customers’ growing demand for safe, reliable, efficient and sustainable power management solutions.
Innovation, creativity, adaptability, forward looking, driving cycles of improvement, learning and teaming — our team demonstrates these attributes and capabilities every day as they seek to find new ways to solve our customers’ power management challenges and deliver on our commitments. As you read this year’s Annual Report, I am sure you will join me in recognizing the accomplishments of this very impressive global team.
We are proud to live our values every day and are prepared to once again make this annual pledge to our shareholders: We are committed to Doing Business Right! On behalf of our entire Eaton team, thank you for your continued support.
Alexander M. Cutler Chairman
29%
 eaton 2013 Annual Report 5
