To Our Stakeholders:

Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries 2009

Last year I began my annual letter to you by acknowledging, "I don't know" how certain events will unfold. Unfortunately, all I can say at this moment is "I really don't know." Specifically, I really don't know how one of our key initiatives, the spin-off of our nonutility nuclear plants into a separate company, will turn out. Ordinarily, we would simply explain where we are in the process and move forward with our traditional annual report, including my letter to you assessing the past year's performance and outlining key initiatives and strategies for the current year and beyond. In this case, I intend to do that in a supplemental report in the near future.  The reason we have decided to delay publishing our "traditional" annual report is the deadline for going to press with our 2009 annual report with the required financial statements is literally now. At the same time, decisions on significant regulatory matters in New York and Vermont related to the spin transaction are pending. In addition, events continue to unfold in Vermont regarding matters pertaining to the Vermont Yankee nuclear plant. Given the range of potential outcomes and the likelihood we will know considerably more in a matter of weeks, I don't believe it is appropriate to speculate about what may or may not happen at this time. At some point in the regulatory process you have done all you can and the decision is in the "hands of the jury." That's where we "think" we are in New York; however, at a March 4, 2010 meeting of the New York Public Service Commission, March 25 was signaled as a potential date for a final decision although the Commission also agreed to a further opportunity for input from all of the parties. This input could potentially be wide ranging, including input on everything from their own articulated principles or conditions for approval, to allowing testimony in the New York proceeding on or from Vermont, to soliciting input on environmental issues raised in the license renewal process before another regulatory body. On March 10, a technical conference was conducted by the New York Commission and comments are due on March 18, unless modified for good cause shown. This could be a watershed event in the spin-off strategy as both the New York Commission and Entergy have significant decisions to make depending on how broad the respondents request opening the proceeding. So instead of speculating on the outcome or what comes next "if," we decided to take a staged approach in presenting our 2009 financial results and strategies.  This report includes all the required financial reports. The supplemental report will include information you are accustomed to receiving.  I apologize for this delay and inconvenience, but in the end we expect to provide a better, more informative report as a result.  While this report is intentionally abbreviated, I would be remiss if I did not use this opportunity to acknowledge the outstanding efforts of Entergy employees. Thanks to their hard work, we achieved several important milestones in 2009. We recorded the safest year in Entergy's history with no fatalities and the fewest number of accidents. We improved from 2008 to 2009 on key customer service metrics such as regulatory outage complaints, outage frequency, outage duration and call-center response measures. In fact, it was our second best year on outage frequency. We achieved the highest generation output from our collective nuclear fleet. We were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the eighth consecutive year.  While we achieved record total earnings and earnings per share, we did not reach our overarching financial aspiration in 2009, which is to deliver top-quartile total shareholder return. Our total shareholder return for the year was 2.4 percent, placing us in the bottom quartile of our peer group. This dismal performance was certainly below our expectations. At least in part, this financial performance relates to uncertainties on how the spin-off will be resolved and on future power prices for our non-utility nuclear fleet. The first of these we expect to shed more light on in the near term. The second serves to substantiate one of the primary reasons for the spin-off. Not all investors like the risk associated with power price movements or have a point of view on future power prices. A separate stock would allow those of you who are comfortable with that risk and have a positive outlook on power price or the value of clean energy to execute on that point of view.  Regardless, as we have said many times, we believe in the long-term potential of these assets and whether the spin is approved or not, you own the plants and the underlying value. It is our responsibility to deliver the full "practically realizable" value. If the value of having two separate stocks with specific risk profiles is not achievable due to regulatory actions, we will continue to work diligently on strategies to deliver the full value that is achievable in a different way.  Entergy built its 11-year track record of top-quartile shareholder return by diligently applying its distinctive strengths to overcome external challenges. Our strengths include the thoughtful, resourceful leadership of our Board of Directors, the adaptability and robust nature of our dynamic point-of-view-driven strategy focused on operational excellence and portfolio management, and the experience and dedication of Entergy employees.  The last 11 years have not been without adversity or times of great uncertainty. I can assure you that the Entergy that has delivered value consistently for all stakeholders over this period is the same Entergy that exists today. If anything, we are better and stronger, and more determined to achieve our aspirations, knowing from our experience there is always a way through adversity that is less risky or less time consuming if all options remain on the table. Good things don't happen consistently by chance, but rather by consistent hard work, resilience, determination and resourcefulness in quickly adapting as the world around us changes. Whatever happens, you can count on deliberate and purposeful actions, not wishful thinking.

J. Wayne Leonard Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2010
1

