Letter from Leadership

Christopher M. Crane President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Exelon Shareholders, Exelon's commitment is to deliver sustained value to our customers and communities, and to you, our owners. Our actions in 2015 did exactly that, by maintaining a strong balance sheet, investing in assets that deliver stable returns and executing on exemplary operational performance.

Exelon 2015 Summary Annual Report

3

Letter from Leadership
Our industry continues to be transformed by low cost natural gas, technological innovations, the rapid expansion of renewables, energy storage, local generation resources and initiatives to reduce carbon emissions. All of this is combined with customers' changing expectations for how they buy and use energy. As part of our annual strategic planning process, Exelon and its board of directors in 2015 assessed these markets, technological and customer forces, and sharpened our long-term value strategy. We are investing in our core businesses, while also embracing emerging technology and innovations that represent the future of energy. In March 2016 we closed our merger with Pepco Holdings Inc., bringing three more utilities ­ Atlantic City Electric, Delmarva Power and Pepco ­ into Exelon. The merger brings our utility customer base to approximately 10 million customers across six jurisdictions, and will provide reliability improvements, increased energy efficiency, clean energy investments and related benefits to our customers and communities. Exelon is a strong advocate of customer choice and the innovation it can inspire, and we are pursuing technologies and implementing strategies that give customers more control over how their energy is produced, supplied and used. As we advance our vision of the next generation energy company, we are taking advantage of evolving technologies in areas such as smart grid, data analysis, microgrids and local generation, among others. In 2015 alone, we invested $3.7 billion in improving and modernizing electric and gas utility infrastructure. While markets were weak, Exelon's operations in generation, utilities and competitive retail remained strong and resilient -- as our customers and stakeholders have come to expect. And our resilience wasn't limited to our business operations. We also faced a variety of significant market and policy issues directly impacting our operations and worked to develop solutions that will result in more efficient markets and provide long-term benefits to our customers, the environment, the communities we serve and our company. All of these efforts are aimed at achieving Exelon's plans to build a more advanced, integrated power grid in an energy environment that is currently characterized by low gas and energy prices, slow load growth and rapidly changing technology and customer expectations. Uneven playing fields in market design continue to exist, challenging parts of our generation portfolio. In 2015 we strategically concentrated our investments on sustained regulated and contracted returns. In addition, we pursued public policy initiatives that will ensure proper valuation of our clean and reliable generation portfolio. As part of this strategy, we are continuing to improve the customer experience and create value for customers and the communities we serve -- as well as our shareholders -- by investing $25 billion* into our utilities over the next five years. At the same time, Exelon has not lost sight of its priorities. Our value rests in our superlative track record in maintaining reliable and dependable electricity and gas supply; offering the nation's largest clean energy portfolio; and providing innovative energy solutions for our customers. The pace of change in our business is unparalleled. Exelon's culture of innovation and operational excellence is designed to ensure we keep pace, and that we never take our eye off the essentials -- providing energy that is reliable, clean and affordable.
* Includes Pepco Holdings utilities.

As we advance our vision of the utility of the future, we are taking advantage of evolving technologies in areas such as smart grid, data analysis, microgrids and local generation, among others.

Exelon 2015 Summary Annual Report

4

Letter from Leadership
Financial Performance
Natural gas prices at Henry Hub averaged $2.61/MMBtu in 2015, down 41 percent from the prior year, and the lowest annual average since 1999. Gas prices put pressure on the stock of companies across the entire power sector. Exelon closed the year at $27.77, down 25 percent. Even though natural gas prices remained low, Exelon's earnings were consistent with our plan. Our GAAP earnings were $2.54 per diluted share in 2015, compared with $1.88 in 2014. On an operating (non-GAAP) basis, our earnings were $2.49 per diluted share, compared with $2.39 in 2014. The overall $0.10 increase in non-GAAP operating earnings primarily reflects higher margins at the generation business and increased distribution and transmission rates, and lower storm response costs at the utilities. These were offset in part by the issuances of debt and equity in 2015 to fund the merger with PHI. GAAP earnings in 2014 also reflected impairments of certain generating assets resulting from 2014 commodity price declines, partly offset by gains on the sales of some generating assets.

Operations
Operating performance in utilities, generation and competitive retail remains Exelon's primary competitive advantage, and 2015 was no exception. Utility operating performance is strong and improving, benefiting from our scale and ability to leverage expertise. In the all-important reliability metrics, all three utilities are in the best quartile for outage frequency and duration. Customer operations performance and customer satisfaction are both top quartile at all three companies. ComEd's score on the J.D. Power survey is its best ever, while BGE is ranked among the top 10 most-improved utilities in the country since 2010. PECO and BGE gas systems successfully handled the severe winter of 2014-15, with gas system send-out rates among the highest ever seen for BGE and record-breaking for PECO. BGE's overall performance improvement since 2012 demonstrates the strength and scalability of our utility platform. The utilities' $3.7 billion in investments in ComEd's smart meter and grid modernization initiatives and significant gas and electric infrastructure improvements across all three utilities, are designed to improve reliability, customer service and shareholder return, despite continued weak load growth. The investments also

We are continuing to improve the customer experience and create value for customers and the communities we serve -- as well as our shareholders -- by investing $25 billion into our utilities over the next five years.
Exelon 2015 Summary Annual Report 5

Letter from Leadership
leverage innovative technology and customer-oriented systems. For example, across the utilities we are advancing multiple microgrid pilot programs and community solar plans that will expand access to renewable energy and make it more affordable for low-income customers.

We collaborate with government and industry associations, national labs, top universities, technology companies and venture capital and private equity firms to unearth new innovations in areas such as battery storage, fuel cells, vehicles powered by alternative fuels, water and hydrogen.

The utilities are transforming the way they interact with customers through online and mobile-based applications, and creating strategic partnerships with innovative companies to leverage the capabilities of the smart grid network. These initiatives are reaping benefits both for our company and the communities we serve. In just two examples, BGE has calculated that its smart grid program will lead to more than $1.5 billion in customer savings, and in Illinois, ComEd's power grid modernization investments helped the state rise to second in the nation in the 2015 Grid Modernization Index, which ranks states based on their progress in unleashing the power of smart grid. Nuclear performance in 2015 was world class. The nuclear fleet continued to demonstrate its unmatched reliability in all seasons, with a near 94 percent capacity factor. Refueling outage performance was very strong: Six of the 14 refueling outages in 2015 were completed in 20 days or less, and the fleet's average refueling outage duration was its lowest since 2002. Exelon's gas and hydro plants outperformed the year's dispatch match target; solar and wind did the same for energy capture targets. As of the end of the year, Exelon's gas, hydro and renewables fleet had gone 15 months without an employee safety incident -- its best safety performance ever. Constellation continues to see the benefits of the generation-to-customer strategy that served us well during the volatility of 2014 and the low-volatility environment in 2015. Our load business outperformed expectations, experiencing growth in both our power and gas portfolios. Constellation is the No. 1 provider of retail electricity in the nation, and is a top 10 marketer of natural gas. It also delivers creative energy solutions to its retail customers: installing solar, battery storage and other local generation systems for customers behind the meter and providing energy efficiency solutions. Generation development activity continued with substantial success. Nuclear added 2681 megawatts (MW) with the completion of the Peach Bottom Units 2 and 3 extended power uprates. The Perryman 6 gas unit, at 110 MW, began commercial operation, and two wind projects totaling 108 MW began operation in Maryland and Texas. The generation development pipeline is also robust. The gas-fired generating plant projects in Texas (2,200 MW total) are on track for 2017 operation, with the 195 MW Medway combustion turbine unit in Massachusetts on track for 2018. Renewable projects in Los Angeles (biogas) and Georgia (biomass) are also on schedule. We are developing 350 MW of wind projects in Oklahoma and Michigan with customers under contract.

1

 At 100%; Exelon's 50% ownership share is 143.5 MW

Exelon 2015 Summary Annual Report

6

Letter from Leadership
Public Policy
Exelon continues to have important interests in federal and state regulations and market structures. A key policy focus is ensuring a level playing field for our clean, reliable generation resources. The capacity performance product introduced by the PJM grid operator in 2015 was a major step in the right direction, providing incentives for reliability and penalties for non-performance. We are working on similar market reforms in the MISO regional transmission area where our Clinton plant is located, although some Illinois plants remain challenged. In February of this year, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a stay that temporarily blocks EPA's Clean Power Plan rules from being implemented in the states until there is a final ruling on the challenges to the plan. Regardless, the Supreme Court already has ruled that carbon is a pollutant the EPA must regulate, and many states, in response to the overwhelming demand from consumers, already have begun efforts to reduce carbon emissions without the EPA rule -- a trend that could result in better recognition of nuclear energy's clean energy value. Our customers want reliable, clean and affordable electricity, and Exelon remains committed to helping drive the national transition to a clean energy future, while maintaining reliability and affordability for families and businesses. A more comprehensive policy solution for our Illinois nuclear plants -- the proposed Low Carbon Portfolio Standard -- failed to move in the Illinois legislature given the legislative gridlock. Energy reform in the state remains a priority for us in 2016. In a parallel effort, Governor Cuomo has directed the New York State Public Service Commission to develop a clean energy standard that would include programmatic support for upstate nuclear plants (including our Nine Mile Point and R.E. Ginna plants), and we will be involved in that effort. Decisions about continued operation of our economically challenged nuclear plants will be driven by market rules, market pricing, and even-handed policy support for all clean, reliable generation. Putting in place the right public policies is clearly the right answer. But our obligation to our shareholders remains the same: providing sustained returns from our assets while meeting our obligations to customers and communities.

Innovation
Technology continues to morph at a rate that has never been seen by the current generation of energy leaders. The scope of Exelon's family of companies uniquely positions us to take advantage of industry-changing trends. Exelon's innovation initiatives continue to harness the enthusiasm and ingenuity of employees and offer promising business opportunities. We are deploying several new technologies that will improve performance, safety and efficiency: The "digital worker" includes wearable technologies, biometrics and expanded mobile apps. Advanced analytics will optimize asset performance and predictive maintenance. We're finding multiple new uses for drones and robotics. We collaborate with government and industry associations, national labs, top universities, technology companies and venture capital and private equity firms to unearth new innovations in areas such as battery storage, fuel cells, vehicles powered by alternative fuels, water and hydrogen. Through these and other projects, we are
Exelon 2015 Summary Annual Report 7

Letter from Leadership
fostering a more innovative culture, and we're seeing real results.

Community Focus
In 2015, we set the bar high for all levels of community engagement. Exelon, its operating units, and the Exelon Foundation contributed over $36 million to nonprofit partners, focusing on making the arts accessible, innovative STEM education programs, preserving the environment, diversity and inclusion, and improving the health of the communities we serve. Our employees demonstrated their own commitment: Employees gave 12 percent more to charities over the prior year, and volunteered nearly 130,000 hours of community service.

Conclusion
Exelon is committed to deliver stable growth, sustainable earnings, and an attractive dividend to you, our owners. We will do that by continuing to do what we do best: operate our assets at the highest levels of excellence and reliability; deliver innovative solutions that respond to customer priorities; invest for stable and reliable returns; and ensure a fair, competitive policy environment for our assets in a way that will drive progress for our company, our customers and our communities. Christopher M. Crane President and Chief Executive Officer March 2016

Exelon 2015 Summary Annual Report

8

