Today
When this year began, we estimated that Exelon's earnings would be between $4.45 and $4.85 per share. I am delighted to report that we achieved operating earnings at the upper end of this range ­ $4.83 per share, a 7.6 percent increase over 2001. In addition to our operating performance, especially continued cost cutting, this improvement reflects favorable weather conditions and the elimination of goodwill amortization pursuant to a change in accounting standards (see Note 4 to the financial statements.) In January of 2003, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.46 per share resulting in a current annual rate of $1.84 per share, an increase of 4.5 percent. Exelon's reported earnings for 2002 were $4.44 per share. Our operating earnings of $4.83 per share exclude several one-time adjustments ­ a $230 million after-tax, first quarter write-down of goodwill, largely in our Enterprises Group; a $10 million first quarter severance charge; and a $116 million after-tax second quarter gain on the sale of our interest in a joint venture with AT&T Wireless. We also reduced our equity by $1 billion after-tax to reflect the impact of the declining equity and debt markets upon the funding of our pension obligations. This adjustment did not affect our income statement. Investors have suffered immense losses in other energy companies over the past several years. Many strategies have failed, including large investments in telecommunications, rapid international expansion, highly leveraged investments in merchant generation and of course "asset light" trading models. We at Exelon were not immune to these mistakes, but thanks to our financial discipline, our knowledge of and focus on the fundamentals of our business, and the judgment of our directors, we avoided disaster and have done well overall. We have prospered because we are a company with real customers, real generation, real transmission and distribution systems and a power team that trades real power: ­ 5.1 million retail electric customers. 3.6 million in northern Illinois and 1.5 million in southeastern Pennsylvania ­ the largest electric customer base in North America. ­ 43,000 megawatt generation supply portfolio ­ either owned or under contract. This includes 16,000 megawatts of nuclear capacity, as well as 2,500 megawatts of gas-fired capacity under construction. ­ Over 6,000 circuit miles of transmission systems and 94,000 circuit miles of distribution systems. We have invested $3 billion improving these systems over the past three years. ­ $1,440 million in reported net income in 2002 ­ the highest reported among U.S. electric companies.

Exelon is also prospering because it has been intensely value-driven. ­ ComEd sold its fossil plants while prices were high. AmerGen, in which we have a 50 percent interest, bought its nuclear units when prices were low. ­ Oliver Kingsley, Jack Skolds and the nuclear team have achieved and sustained an operating turnaround more dramatic than any I have seen in 19 years as a utility CEO. ­ We successfully completed the PECO/Unicom merger of equals and achieved the promised synergies. ­ Pam Strobel, Frank Clark and Ken Lawrence have improved ComEd's service reliability and customer satisfaction from embarrassingly poor levels to respectable ones and we continue to work on improvements both at ComEd and at PECO. ­ Ian McLean and our Power Team have avoided the trading scandals that have haunted so many utilities and have kept their focus on marketing real power. ­ Our Cost Management Initiative (CMI), by building a cost discipline throughout the company, has helped us offset falling wholesale prices and meet our financial commitments.

And Tomorrow
Past successes do not guarantee an easy future. We have developed a vision statement (printed on facing page) to guide our operations and our investments as we seek to capitalize upon the opportunities and to meet the challenges that the future brings. We know, and so do you, that every large company has such a statement; that everyone uses nice words. In the remainder of this letter, I intend to explain what these nice words mean to us and to give you a sense of what we are trying to do. Then you can compare our commitments and actions to others. Exelon strives to build exceptional value by becoming the best and most consistently profitable electricity and gas company in the United States. We are driven by the value of your investment. We believe we can become the best electric utility in America. We can do this by extending throughout our company the benchmarking and continuous improvement practices that have worked so well in our nuclear operations; by coordinating the operation of our diverse portfolio of assets to add value for both customers and shareholders; and by using our power marketing and hedging expertise to improve both the quality and the predictability of our earnings.

4

One

Company,
To succeed, we must...
· Keep the lights on. · Perform safely -- especially in nuclear operations. · Constantly improve our environmental performance.

Exelon

OneVision
Exelon strives to build exceptional value -- by becoming the best and most consistently profitable electricity and gas company in the United States.

Live up to our commitments

· Act honorably and treat everyone with respect,decency, and integrity. · Continue building a high performance culture that reflects the diversity of our communities. · Report our results, opportunities and problems honestly and reliably.

Perform at world-class levels

· Relentlessly pursue greater productivity, quality and innovation. · Understand the relationships among our businesses and optimize the whole. · Promote and implement policies that build effective markets. · Adapt rapidly to changing markets, politics, economics and technology to meet our customers'needs. · Maximize the earnings and cash flow from our assets and businesses and sell those that do not meet our goals.

Invest in our consolidating industry

· Develop strategies based on learning from past successes and failures. · Implement systems and best practices that can be applied to future acquisitions. · Prioritize acquisition opportunities based on synergies from scale,scope, generation and delivery integration, and our ability to profitably satisfy provider of last resort (POLR) and other regulatory obligations. · Make acquisitions that will best employ our limited investment resources to produce the most consistent cash flow and earnings accretion. · Return earnings to shareholders when higher returns are not available from acquisition opportunities.

5

I. Live Up To Our Commitments The past year has shown what happens to companies that forget their commitments, companies that become obsessed with spin rather than substance. At Exelon, we know that meeting commitments to others is essential to long-term financial performance. Keep the lights on. It all starts here. Our business requires reliable service to customers at prices that are competitive and reasonably predictable. Over the past three years, our Delivery Group has improved its reliability (43 percent Outage Duration and 30 percent Outage Frequency improvement since 1999) at prices that reflect the discounts required by Illinois and Pennsylvania lawmakers. Perform safely ­ especially in nuclear operations. Safety is an imperative for every electric utility. As a nuclear company, Exelon must have a constant and special commitment to operating safely. The shell of the second unit at Three Mile Island, where AmerGen owns the first unit, is a constant reminder of this special obligation. The responsibility for operating safely is shared among all U.S. nuclear generators, and we are dependent on each other to uphold it. Constantly improve our environmental performance. All forms of producing electricity impose environmental costs. Our nuclear, hydro, and gas generation help limit our impacts. We have supported legislation to deal with the climate change issue and have designated a strategy team to identify new ways of reducing our own impacts. Act honorably and treat everyone with respect, decency and integrity. Competition and new forms of regulation have changed the ground rules for utilities. In this changing world, it is more important than ever to conduct our business with ethical standards and to focus on simple integrity and decency in our dealings with employees, customers and you, our investors. Our voluntary separation programs have been one example of meeting this commitment. Continue building a high performance culture that reflects the diversity of our communities. Our operations are based upon two of the most diverse cities in the United States ­ Philadelphia and Chicago. We are building a diverse management team and workforce. We have come a long way, but we have more to do and we need to move faster.

Report our results, opportunities and problems honestly and reliably. In the past 18 months, several large companies have violated securities laws, generally accepted accounting principles and fundamental good faith. We are trying in our quarterly earnings releases, in our Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, and in this report to set a high standard of reporting. Our previous filings and the Management's Discussion and Analysis section of this annual report (pages 24­75) highlight the issues that are among our fundamental business risks. Bob Shapard, Exelon's Chief Financial Officer, and I certified our 2002 financial statements in accordance with recent SEC requirements. We will do whatever it takes to demonstrate to our investors our commitment to honest and reliable financial reporting. II. Perform At World-Class Levels Relentlessly pursue greater productivity, quality and innovation. We know that superior operations are the best way to add value in a low-growth industry ­ CMI contributed greatly to 2002 performance and will continue to contribute in 2003. For the full year 2002, the CMI achieved $340 million of sustainable savings relative to Exelon's original 2002 financial plan. We are also developing a more fundamental and durable productivity improvement program called The Exelon Way. Understand the relationships among our businesses and optimize the whole. The California energy crisis of 2001 and the merchant generation failures of 2002 underscore the importance of integrating generation, delivery and customer service. This is good for Exelon. However, successful integration requires constant sensitivity to regulatory requirements and constant diligence in keeping our businesses working together. The way our Generation, Power Team and Energy Delivery groups worked together on revising our power purchase agreement with Midwest Generation, LLC reflected this kind of work in 2002. Promote and implement policies that build effective markets. Exelon's ultimate value depends upon efficient markets that function under fair rules. To that end, we have striven to build effective regional transmission organizations (RTOs) and have supported the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's (FERC's) efforts to introduce a standard market design. This work was essential to FERC's approval of ComEd's participation in the PJM RTO.

6

Adapt rapidly to changing markets, politics, economics and technology to meet our customers' needs. Exelon operates in a number of different regions in the United States. We have formed cross-functional Regional Market Success Teams to understand and manage the changing market rules, politics and economics of each region. Operating in today's markets requires peripheral vision and fast feet ­ our Regional Market Success Teams meet these needs. Maximize the earnings and cash flow from our assets and businesses and sell those that do not meet our goals. George Gilmore is leading an effective effort to make sense of our Enterprises investments ­ one marked by the profitable sale of our interest in the AT&T Wireless joint venture and by the liquidation of several other businesses. We have also begun to restructure the purchase of the Sithe generation assets to improve financial performance. III. Invest In Our Consolidating Industry The electricity business enjoys modest and durable growth ­ but not rapid growth. The performance commitments described in section II are intended to give us some additional earnings growth over the next few years. Longer-term growth must come from skillfully investing in our consolidating industry. Develop strategies based on learning from past successes and failures. Our AmerGen investment created substantial value. Our Sithe investment appears marginal in view of more recent power market conditions. Many of our Enterprises investments and some of our other generation investments are not performing as planned. We must learn from our failures as well as from our successes. We have instituted review programs and built teams to do just that. Implement systems and best practices that can be applied to future acquisitions. Our financial and information systems, as well as our operating practices, will be designed to permit rapid application across new operations. The installation of the new integrated financial system will help us achieve this goal. Prioritize acquisition opportunities based on synergies from scale, scope, generation and delivery integration, and our ability to profitably satisfy provider of last resort (POLR) and other regulatory obligations. We must constantly assess our resources, including our cash, our people, and our ability to raise new capital and confine our investments to those that yield the highest long-term value.

Make acquisitions that will best employ our limited investment resources to produce the most consistent cash flow and earnings accretion. We are not looking for a one-time big bang. We are seeking to build a company that consistently adds value ­ year after year. Return earnings to shareholders when higher returns are not available from acquisition opportunities. We get it. It is your money we are spending.

Neither our vision statement nor this explanation will prove that we have the future all figured out. We do not. Reality surprises us quite often. But we are not taken in by fads and fantasies. We know as much as anyone about the fundamentals of our business ­ fundamentals of operation, economics, markets and regulation. We are committed to working skillfully and passionately with these fundamentals. And our ends are constant. We are committed to building the value of your shares and the service we provide to our customers.

John W. Rowe Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2003

7

