To Our Shareholders

In 2009, our economy struggled through one of the worst recessions in memory. Though signs of recovery have begun to appear, Exelon was challenged by the nation's economic weakness ­ as was nearly every major corporation. In our case, weak demand for electricity, were the headwinds into which we sailed. depressed power and commodity prices, and unfavorable weather

JohnW.Rowe ChairmanandChiefExecutiveOfficer

2

We were very successful in controlling the elements we can control: our operations, costs and human we have been strategic, thoughtful and disciplined. While 2009 was not as good as we once hoped it would be, our results demonstrate Exelon's ability to build sustainable performance.

capital. As for the elements we could not control ­ the power markets, economy, weather and politics ­

OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Our operating (non-GAAP) earnings* were $4.12 per diluted share, near the middle of the initial guidance range we issued in late 2008 and above the revised range we offered in October 2009. The Exelon team $4.09 per diluted share compared to $4.13 in 2008. performed exceptionally well given the adverse economic forces that we faced. Our GAAP earnings were Exelon's stock market valuation continues to be higher than that of any other U.S. utility. Our year-end market capitalization of $32.2 billion made us 20% larger than our next closest competitor. And since dividends ­ was 120.6%. This compares to total returns of 63.8% and -5.3% for the Philadelphia Utility the merger that created Exelon, our total return ­ measured as stock price appreciation plus reinvested Index and S&P 500, respectively. Nevertheless, Exelon's share price on December 31 was $48.87, down in 2009 and the S&P 500 increased 23.5%. This performance disappoints me as much as it does you, and we have experienced further declines in the new year. The earnings of our largest subsidiary,

12.1% from the year-end 2008 price of $55.61. In contrast, the Philadelphia Utility Index increased 4.9%

Exelon Generation, are driven by electricity demand and the prices of coal and natural gas, all of which declined largely as a result of the recession. Exelon's future earnings and share price appreciation are of regulation impact our competitors, Exelon will be a superior investment. dependent to a large extent on those factors. But as growth returns, markets tighten and various forms Our achievements garnered the attention of a variety of stakeholders. We were one of three corporations "Top 50" companies, and Electric Light & Power named Exelon its "Utility of the Year." For the fourth to be named by Forbes as one of "America's Best Companies." We were ranked seventh on BusinessWeek's

straight year, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index in recognition of

*For a reconciliation of adjusted (non-GAAP) operating earnings to GAAP (accounting principles generally accepted in the United States), see Exelon's fourth quarter earnings release issued January 22, 2010, posted on the Investor Relations page at www.exeloncorp.com and included in the 8-K filed with the SEC on that date.

3

our economic, social and environmental performance. In a year that found many in need, our employees program ­ through which our employees donated over 57,000 hours of their time ­ was recognized for magazine named us a top 10 company for diverse graduates, and GI Jobs magazine recognized us as a and focus of our employees amidst potential distractions. I am deeply appreciative of their efforts.

continued to demonstrate dedication to the communities we serve. Exelon's "Energy for the Community" the second year in a row by VolunteerMatch as the Corporate Volunteer Program of the Year. Diversity Edge

top 50 military friendly employer. Our achievements, financial and otherwise, are due to the hard work

OUR OPERATING PERFORMANCE

There is no better example of sustainable performance than our operating results. Our first priority is

always safety, and I am very glad to report that Exelon turned in top-quartile safety performance in 2009. Our nuclear fleet, led by Chip Pardee and Mike Pacilio, again ran at world-class levels. The fleet recorded a capacity factor of 93.6%, the seventh straight year over 93%. We received license renewals for the reactors at Oyster Creek and Three Mile Island, allowing them to generate zero-emissions electricity

for an additional 20 years. And we expanded the generating capacity of the fleet by approximately 70 first of a wave of capacity uprates at our plants.

megawatts through component replacements at Quad Cities, Dresden and Peach Bottom Stations, the Exelon Power also performed well under the guidance of Doyle Beneby. The commercial availability of

our fossil units was 93.7%, exceeding last year's mark of 89.1%. Falling electricity demand and declining wholesale electricity prices pose a significant hurdle for our fossil units, particularly the older and less efficient coal plants in Pennsylvania. As a result, we announced in December our intention to permanently and $200 million in present value savings in the form of avoided expense and capital expenditures. The on the South Side of Chicago.

retire Cromby Station and the coal units at Eddystone Station. This decision will create between $165 million hydro facilities performed exceptionally once again, and Power added the 10-megawatt City Solar facility In a year when power prices plummeted compared to the prior year, the value of Power Team's risk teams to hedge wholesale electricity price risk held average realized margins at Exelon Generation

management was apparent. The contracts executed and overseen by Ken Cornew, Joe Glace and their

4

almost flat to those in 2008, despite power prices 40% lower. Those hedges contributed to the $5.8 $1.4 billion to shareholders through our dividend.

billion in cash from operations (non-GAAP) generated across the businesses and helped us to return Both PECO and ComEd continued to deliver superior operating and financial performance. Outage

frequency at both companies and outage duration at ComEd were the lowest ever recorded. Customer satisfaction for both companies was also at or near record levels. While ComEd and PECO escaped the evidence that the reliability investments made by both companies are paying off. Denis O'Brien and these accomplishments. Both delivery companies maintained their financial health through careful despite declining demand. At ComEd, Frank Clark's diligent commitment to managing expenses, (ROE) from 5.5% in 2008 to 8.5% in 2009. ComEd is targeting an ROE of at least 10.0% in 2010. excessive heat and powerful summer storms seen in years past, the improved performance metrics are Craig Adams at PECO and Anne Pramaggiore and Terry Donnelly at ComEd are to be commended for management of costs. PECO reduced expenses below 2008 levels, allowing it to increase its net income increasing revenues and improving efficiency resulted in an increase in the earned return-on-equity The weak economy required even more financial discipline than usual. A company-wide effort led by flat to 2008 levels but also to realize an additional $200 million in savings. In 2009, we completed a

Chris Crane enabled us to not only meet our commitment to keep operating and maintenance expenses restructuring effort that involved the elimination of roughly 500 positions. That process was difficult for will continue in 2010. We also took steps to substantially increase our financial flexibility. The Finance

me and for our employees, but it was necessary and created much-needed efficiencies. Our focus on costs group, led by Bill Von Hoene and Matt Hilzinger, took advantage of favorable interest rates to refinance

$1.2 billion in debt maturing in 2011 and used $350 million in cash on hand to make a discretionary pension contribution that will decrease expected 2011 mandatory contributions by $1 billion. The Exelon Business Services Company (BSC) provided top-quality legal, information technology, supply and human resource

services to the operating companies while realizing significant cost savings. Ruth Ann Gillis, Andrea Zopp, Dan Hill, Bridget Reidy, Sonny Garg and their groups performed superbly and were essential in helping to keep the lights on and the gas flowing.

5

SUSTAINING OUR PERFORMANCE

We are constantly looking for ways to grow the market value of your company. At this time last year, we viewed as a fair price for NRG, we were unable to convince its management and shareholders to

we believed the best means to that end was the acquisition of NRG Energy, Inc. Despite offering what support our acquisition offer. Many analysts and investors told us the price it would take to close the

deal. That price would have sapped the value from the acquisition, and your board and I chose to walk that decision. While I am frustrated that we did not prevail, my focus today is what it has always been ­ shareholder value. And the NRG transaction was far from our only option for creating sustained value for you. We are pursuing five opportunities:

away rather than overpay. In the months since, the relative valuation of the two companies has validated

· First, Exelon offers the industry's most compelling plan to bring new nuclear generation to market. Our uprate projects ­ up to 1,500 megawatts, 70 of which came online last year ­ would bring the equivalent of one new nuclear reactor online by 2017. They would come at half the cost of a new plant and with less risk because of the opportunity to defer expansion if power prices do not support it. · Second, PECO's and ComEd's investments in smart grid infrastructure will help modernize the delivery on advanced metering smart grid infrastructure in the coming years. PECO was one of six utilities selected to receive a $200 million federal stimulus grant. ComEd is moving forward with a pilot program on Chicago's West Side and adjacent suburbs.

system while providing attractive regulated returns. The two companies plan to spend up to $725 million

· Third, we created the Exelon Transmission Company (ETC) to meet the growing need to invest in our transmission infrastructure and improve reliability, reduce congestion and move renewable energy It will benefit from Ian McLean's years of experience in power markets and regional transmission FERC and the knowledge of dozens of transmission employees throughout the company. to the country's population centers. ETC gives us a means to operate outside our traditional footprint. organizations, Betsy Moler's understanding of the regulatory process from her time as the head of · Fourth, no company in our industry is better positioned to benefit from the economic recovery. Exelon value as the prices of natural gas and coal recover and electricity demand picks up.

Generation's nuclear fleet remains the lowest-cost producer in the industry. It will create considerable

6

· Fifth, no company in our industry is better positioned to prosper in a carbon-constrained world. Exelon has improved the performance of our nuclear fleet and increased its capacity. We have divested or proposed to close relatively inefficient fossil-fired plants. We have developed a unique

resource plan in Exelon 2020 that would effectively eliminate our carbon footprint. As of 2009, we of the carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions of 1 million cars.

were on track to achieve that goal and had accomplished one-third of it--removing the equivalent Exelon has been a leading voice supporting an efficient U.S. response to the challenges created by climate emissions. In this way, market forces would drive suppliers and customers to adopt the lowest-cost change. Accordingly, we have supported the creation of a cap-and-trade mechanism for controlling CO2

responses to reduce CO2 emissions. The outcome of climate legislation remains uncertain, but what

is certain is that we are inexorably moving towards a lower-carbon society. If Congress does not act to through its other authorities with respect to air pollution. Thanks to foresight and planning, Exelon and you, our shareholders, stand to benefit from either outcome.

limit carbon emissions, the EPA is determined to do so, both through its carbon regulation powers and

Today's Exelon is the combination of two large utility companies and one commodity-based generating company. The current economic and commodity environments make it a difficult time to be either ­ a fact reflected in our 2010 earnings forecast. We are confronted with great uncertainties about how the

future will unfold. But our performance in 2009 demonstrates our ability to deliver value to our customers, employees, the communities we serve and you ­ our investors ­ in tough times as well as good ones. the best group of electric generation and electric and gas delivery companies in the United States. That is what we mean by sustainable performance. And it is what we strive for in our quest to become

John W. Rowe

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Exelon Corporation March 8, 2010

7

