To our shareholders 2007 was a truly remarkable year. Exelon delivered the substantial increases in both operating and GAAP earnings that the market expected ­ the latter while bearing the costs of the Illinois settlement. We remain one of the most profitable companies in the industry. Our operating performance improved in both our generation and delivery businesses, led as always by our world-class nuclear program. We successfully navigated a protracted and painful transition to competition in Illinois. In my 24 years as a CEO, I do not recall a better overall performance by a utility. Through many challenges, we have protected and significantly increased the value with which you have entrusted us. Some of that value already has been returned to you in share repurchases and dividend increases. We remain confident in our ability to protect and grow that value in the years to come. We have the nation's best portfolio of generation assets, a strong record of financial discipline, and one of the most talented management teams in the industry. We are absolutely committed to delivering reliable and affordable service to our customers and superior value to you, our shareholders ­ in good economic times and bad, in high price environments and low, in favorable regulatory environments and unfavorable. For customers and shareholders alike, Exelon provides sustainable value.

3

sustainable earnings For the seventh consecutive year, Exelon reported improved operating earnings. Thanks to the end of the market transition period in Illinois, a record year for nuclear output and continued strong wholesale margins, our 2007 adjusted (non-GAAP)* operating earnings totaled $4.32 per share, a 34 percent increase over comparable earnings in 2006. Over the past seven years, Exelon's operating earnings have grown more than 12 percent per year. Our 2007 GAAP earnings were $4.05 per share, a 72 percent increase over 2006. Our sustained financial performance made Exelon the most highly valued company in the industry. Our year-end market capitalization was almost $54 billion, over $24 billion more than our next largest competitor. Our overall stock price rose by nearly 32 percent during the course of the year, from $61.89 on Dec. 29, 2006 to $81.64 on Dec. 31, 2007. Our total return for 2007, measured by stock appreciation plus dividend reinvestment, was 35 percent. From the completion of the Unicom/PECO merger in October 2000 to the end of 2007, our total return has been 243 percent, significantly outpacing the performance of both the Philadelphia Utility Index (105 percent) and the S&P 500 Index (19 percent). Our accomplishments have again been recognized by a wide array of observers. Fortune magazine named Exelon one of America's "Most Admired Companies," and ranked Exelon second on the electric and gas utilities list. We were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the second consecutive year and to the Climate Disclosure Project's Climate Leadership Index for the third consecutive year. The U.S. Green Building Council certified our renovated Chicago headquarters as LEED®-Commercial Interiors Platinum, its highest environmental rating. Our delivery companies were likewise singled out; ComEd recently received the Emergency Recovery Award from the Edison Electric Institute for its response to the "storm of the decade" that hit northeast Illinois in August and PECO's Low-Income Usage Reduction Program was recognized by the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy as one of the nation's most exemplary energy efficiency programs. I am personally gratified that our performance led Institutional Investor magazine to name me as the industry's top CEO. The value we have delivered to you is a result of the consistent and disciplined work of the Exelon management team and our employees. They have given us a real opportunity to realize the Exelon Vision: to be the best group of electric generation and electric and gas delivery companies in the United States. I thank all of them for these efforts.

Our sustained financial performance made Exelon the most highly valued company in the industry

*For a reconciliation of adjusted (non GAAP) operating earnings to GAAP (accounting principles generally accepted in the United States) earnings, see Exelon's fourth quarter earnings release issued Jan. 23, 2008 posted on the investor relations page at www.exeloncorp.com and included in the 8-K filed with the SEC on that date.

4

sustainable operations Exelon's remarkable performance in 2007 was led by another great year for our generation business. Our world-class nuclear fleet, led by Chris Crane and Chip Pardee, set company records for production (132.3 million net MWh) and capacity factor (94.5 percent).We have achieved a nuclear capacity factor above 93 percent in each of the past five years, a consistent level of excellence unparalleled in our industry. Our renewable and fossil assets performed well under the leadership of Mark Schiavoni. Our hydro fleet maintained a near-record equivalent availability factor (94.7 percent), and our fossil fleet ended the year with a solid 91.2 percent commercial availability factor. Our power marketing team completed another year of enhancing the value of our generation assets. Despite lower than expected load volume in the east, Ian McLean, Ken Cornew and our Power Team successfully bid into PJM's new Reliability Pricing Model (RPM), met or exceeded our publicly stated hedging goals and tirelessly worked to optimize our portfolio. These steps have helped to secure the value we promise to deliver to you each year.

The value we have delivered to you is a result of consistent and disciplined work of the Exelon management team and our employees

Our delivery companies likewise performed well, although we are still seeking consistent top quartile performance. Under Frank Clark and Barry Mitchell, ComEd achieved its best non-storm outage duration in 10 years and earned both industry recognition and regulatory praise for its response to August's "storm of the decade." PECO recorded better-than-target reliability numbers, including distinguished performance in interruption frequency and managed a very warm summer without significant incident. Denis O'Brien and his team have spent countless hours with Pennsylvania legislators addressing transition to market issues. I remain confident that they will deliver a reasonable solution on this front. Under the leadership of John Young, our finance group continued to demonstrate the disciplined financial management that has been a hallmark of Exelon's performance. We executed a $1.25 billion accelerated share repurchase in September and announced an additional $500 million repurchase in December. We also have announced that our dividend will increase by 14 percent in 2008. John has left Exelon to assume a CEO position but Ian McLean, Matt Hilzinger and Michael Metzner are committed to maintaining the financial rigor and integrity that you have come to expect. And last, but certainly not least, our Business Services Company again performed admirably in its role as a provider of low-cost, quality support services. Ruth Ann Gillis and her team continue to ensure that all of the Exelon companies operate with the best resources available.

5

sustainable environmental performance Last year, I wrote about the serious challenge we face as a nation and as a world community in responding to global climate change. The science behind climate change is now compelling ­ global average temperatures are rising and human activity is a major contributor. We must begin to address the problem now. Unfortunately, there are no easy regulatory or technological solutions. Exelon has been a leading industry voice for federal enactment of greenhouse gas regulation since 2002. We continue to actively advocate for a mandatory, economy-wide climate program that will begin to address the problem effectively without imposing an impossible financial burden on our customers or the economy as a whole. Betsy Moler and her Washington team press the issue daily, both individually and in cooperation with the National Commission on Energy Policy, the U.S. Climate Action Partnership and the Clean Air Group. Exelon is well positioned to succeed in a carbon-constrained world by virtue of our world-class nuclear fleet. Yet our advantage poses challenges of its own. The value we derive from carbon regulation will inevitably result from

Exelon is well positioned to succeed in a carbonconstrained world

higher electricity prices. Our regulators understand this, and they will demand value in return. They will expect us to lead the industry in building an affordable, reliable, low carbon energy future for our customers. Thus, we must be recognized not merely as a beneficiary of carbon regulation, but as an innovator and problem solver. We must find ways to address energy supply issues in a greener way. And we must do so in a manner that inflicts the least financial burden on our customers. As a consequence, we have recently initiated a corporate-wide effort to develop a comprehensive sustainability strategy. Our goal must be ambitious ­ we must reduce, displace or offset a major portion of our carbon footprint by a certain date. First, we will further reduce our own green house gas (GHG) emissions. While we already have one of the lowest emission rates in the country, we are exploring every conceivable opportunity to further improve the efficiency of our buildings, our transportation fleet, our transmission and distribution operations and to make our supply chain a model of low carbon procurement. Second, we will help our customers reduce their GHG emissions. ComEd already has begun implementing what will become one of the nation's largest energy efficiency programs; PECO currently is working with Pennsylvania legislators to craft similarly reasonable yet bold energy policy. Third, we will reduce overall GHG emissions in the markets in which we operate. We are rigorously evaluating new low carbon supply sources, including capacity uprates at our existing nuclear plants, new natural gas-fired generation and renewable energy resources like wind. We also continue to pursue the possibility of building a new nuclear facility in Texas. The Board has agreed to fund additional exploration and we plan to submit a combined construction and operating licensing application to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in 2008.

6

Our success will inevitably depend upon both economic and political developments. Rising prices for fuel and commodities complicate the industry's ability to deliver affordable electricity, particularly in a time of economic slowdown. We also need enactment of national and regional energy policies that foster, rather than frustrate, an affordable, reliable, low-carbon future. We must have an effective federal loan-guarantee program for the next generation of nuclear plants, a resolution to the nuclear waste storage issue, aggressive financial support of research and development, constructive regulatory partners and a strong commitment to competitive electricity markets. This last piece ­ competitive markets and the prices they yield ­ is particularly critical. Competitive markets are essential to the value of your shares and the needs of our customers. Competition best provides the incentives necessary to build the lowest cost, most reliable, lowest carbon energy infrastructure. To ensure competition's success, we will continue to work with our regulators to develop the most acceptable competitive procurement processes, we will demonstrate that competitive markets best encourage conservation efforts, we will validate PJM's RPM structure by building new supply resources and

"There is no security on this earth, there is only opportunity"

we will increase our activity in competitive retail products.

moving ahead After a noteworthy year like 2007, I am reminded that General Douglas MacArthur once said, "There is no security on this earth, there is only opportunity." At Exelon, we see our situation in the same light. We have performed well, we have met your high expectations, but we move forward with the constant knowledge that you expect us to turn tomorrow's challenges and opportunities into real value. We have the assets, skills and team to deliver sustainable value to you for years to come. Our assets have us prepared to excel in a carbon-constrained world. Our financial management skills will allow us to make difficult, yet well-informed decisions as we look to build a new generation of power plants and improve the performance of our delivery affiliates. Our management team will work tirelessly to protect and grow your value, whether through defending competitive markets, growing and sustaining superior performance, or hedging the many risks that face our businesses. Our Vision is unwavering ­ we are determined to be the best.

John W. Rowe
Chairman, President and CEO Exelon Corporation March 10, 2008

7

