Letters from our leaders

to our shareholders
 
   2013 was a decent year, but not a great one. We do look forward eagerly to 2014, as this will be our 35th Anniversary. Organically we have grown from 6 offices and 20 people to over 250 locations and nearly 14,000 employees. In 2013 we set up our Customer Solutions Center at our corporate office which gives us the opportunity to demonstrate our Information Technology capabilities to customers, carriers and investors. Our I.T. capabilities have helped keep us in the forefront of those who can benefit from it most.
In 2014, there are some changes afoot. I will pass the CEO baton on to Jeff Musser, who will become our new CEO, March 1, 2014. I will remain as Chairman and yes I intend to be just as available as I always have been whilst mentoring Jeff.
The timing for this transition is perfect. It is time for the next generation to take over for the next thirty-five years while those of us who were part of what we’ve accomplished for the last thirty-five can be actively involved in that transition. We have a tremendous amount
of bench strength because of our culture of employee development and retention. Finding, training and mentoring great people has been part of our DNA since day one... and in a demanding customer service business like ours, where people literally make the difference, it’s understandable why we view this as one of our most differentiating elements of our culture. We continue to look for innovation as it relates to cost savings for our customers and our shareholders, as well as new initiatives to enhance our I.T. capability.
Carrier relations are as strong as ever. These relations are critical to our service capabilities. It is only through effectively managing these relationships that we can offer the flexible service offerings we can rely on to meet the needs of our customers.
I am honored to have worked with the best people in the industry and blessed to pass on such a strong legacy that will provide our employees, our customers and our shareholders a very bright future.
 Peter J. Rose
Chairman of the Board & CEO

asia pacific
 
   The key words for the Asia Pacific region in year 2013 and 2014 are “Change” and “Evolution.” Externally, the global economy seemed to be recovering, but the figures and indexes have yet to show what the economists continued to promise. The swings in supply-chain market demand also reflected this instability, resulting in sudden space shortfalls even after some “Hit Product” launches were successfully accommodated. This rapidly changing market gave us strong challenges during the 2013 fourth quarter peak season. The support we’ve cultivated with our long-term carrier partners over the years allowed us to create and execute the kinds of flexible solutions our customers required to keep their supply-chain stable, despite operating in an unstable supply-chain environment. Internally, we continued to drive our product evolution, and achieved milestone growth objectives by deploying enhanced service capabilities in both our Distribution Services and Transcon network business.
Just as our products and solutions are constantly changing and evolving to address dynamic supply-chain demands, so are our management teams. In 2013, young, but very experienced, well-trained and well-mentored talent was added to our Regional Management team. They provided fresh insights that invigorated our existing management group while also facilitating better communication with our growing post-Y Generation work force. Job rotation and on-the-job training is intensively used to accelerate the growth of middle management and the development of our next generation of Expeditors leadership. Expecting more and stronger competition in 2014, our people, products, and services are both aligned and prepared to be more flexible, more responsive, and more creative when reacting to market changes. Building on this foundation, we are confident in achieving continuous growth and sound business development in 2014.
 James L. Wang
President - Asia Pacific

the americas
 
 The Americas had another challenging year in 2013. While our net revenues and operating income did grow, both by 3%, these were not the kind of results in year-over-year growth that we in The Americas view as acceptable. We continued our focus on providing the best customer service and most reliable execution in the industry, which manifested itself in our retention of our top customers. We again increased our investments in Compliance, Data Analytics and Sales, expanding our sales force through the addition of some 70 new sales representatives. This was the largest annual investment Expeditors has ever made in our sales program. To ensure we maintained our customer service standards with our top customers, we made further investments in our account management program. We see Compliance as a differentiator, particularly in the customs brokerage product. We added a
large number of customs brokerage customers in 2013, and expect that business will continue to grow.
In 2014 our focus will continue to be on Exceptional Customer Service. We will continue to invest in Compliance by creating a dedicated Americas’ Director of Compliance position. We’ll work on more closely aligning our Sales and Account Management efforts to ensure we both maintain our customer base and grow our revenues. We will also concentrate on diversifying our product mix through focused investments in the Distribution Services, Transcon and Ocean Export products. Finally, we’ll work on diversifying our market verticals by investing further in the Pharmaceutical and Automotive markets. From a geographic expansion standpoint, we plan to open a new office in Panama.
 Robert L. Villanueva
President - The Americas

emair
 
 2013 brought little respite for several countries in EMAIR. While parts of the region fared well, others faced either choppy economic conditions or social unrest, and in some cases both. However with the resilience of our people and their commitment to our customers, we weathered the adverse conditions that were faced in some locations, progressed well in other locations and we still continue to fight on in all locations. On the positive front, we continued to make major in-roads and scored several successes in securing EMAIR based global companies, and we continued to focus on our customer retention program.
Looking forward to 2014, we will continue to focus on controlling costs and overhead expenses, including personnel and we will also pursue consolidating service providers while driving the creation of additional efficiency. It goes without saying that with our employees’ positive attitude, our customers’ loyalty and our approach of partnership with our service providers, we feel very positive about 2014 in terms of growing our revenues, entering into new markets, and in continuing to provide exceptional customer service.
 Rommel C. Saber
President - EMAIR

  $ 6,000
4,500
3,000
1,500
$ 2,000
1,500
1,000
500
$ 600
450
300
150
$ 400
300
200
100
                              0000
10111213 10111213 10111213 10111213
revenues net revenues operating net earnings income
dollars in millions
    