 2011
Another solid year!
It’s hard to believe that thirty years ago we started with six offices and twenty people. Today we have 250 office locations, plenty of cash, no long term debt and 13,200 of the best people in the industry. All of this has been accomplished organically as have our I.T. systems. A highlight of our year was the dedication of our beautiful new 210,000 square foot company owned office and warehouse facility in London, adjacent to Heathrow Airport (and whose picture graces the cover of this annual report). It is a far cry from our original 2,500 square foot (inclusive of warehouse) rented office accommodations of 25 years ago located five miles west of our current facility in the suburb of Colnbrook (and where I actually swept out the warehouse myself on my first visit). This astounding metamorphosis might be the best example we can give in 2011 to show how far we’ve grown, in every way, in a relatively few short years.
Every year is an anomaly and 2011 was no exception. There was no peak season and the ocean carriers were hard pressed, once again, to show a profit, primarily because of over capacity. There was no M&A activity primarily because there’s no one else to buy. Analysts usually ask “what’s in store for the future of Expeditors.” The answer is simple: “more of the same.” The “same” focus on constantly improving our I.T. systems, the “same” focus on constantly expanding our product capabilities, the “same” focus on training and retaining our people and the “same” dedication to constantly improving our customer service standards to fulfill the goals of our mission statement by meeting and exceeding the needs of our customers. And by doing all those “same” things we’ll be looking out for our shareholders in the “same” way that we always have. We also plan on opening four to six more offices in 2012.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Transcon, our “domestic” product, is in the process of taking off internationally. Global Transcon is a consistent “time-definite” international “domestic” service offering...with all the bells, whistles and visibility of our other global transportation products. In 2012, Transcon will be expanding its’ scope into Europe and Asia.
Order Management, our upstream purchase order management and vendor consolidation product, gives our customers the ability to manage and maintain their supply chain functions beginning with the initiation of their purchase order thru delivery and is now one of our fastest growing products.
2012 will bring more surprises what with the global economy and the upcoming U.S. elections, but we can’t control that. What we can control is our culture and our integrity and our ability to handle adversity.
Thanks to our Expeditors family...our employees, our customers, our service providers and our shareholders for another great year.
Peter J. Rose
Chairman of the Board & CEO
 
The Americas
2011 was another solid year for the Americas. We continued to invest in our most important assets, our people. We did this through providing focused training to more finely hone the logistics skills they already have to even further provide our customers with the superior customer service they require. We also continued our focus on compliance, security and enhancing the quality and abilities of our service providers.
As we look forward to 2012, we look for these investments to provide the best customer service in our industry, which is accomplished through our commitment to flawless execution. We will continue to further develop our systems and expand our network with the addition of new offices in Montevideo and the Dominican Republic.
Robert L. Villanueva President-The Americas

EMAIR
Throughout 2011, we remained focused on executing our established goals and objectives. This resulted in revenue growth, increased customer retention as well as improved business process.
Looking forward to 2012, we anticipate even more challenges than we faced in 2011. However we are ready to rise to such challenges through the consistent efforts of our dedicated people to set and achieve realistic goals, such as, but not limited to, a continuous increase in operating income, an increase in our Intra-EMAIR business market share, an increased emphasis on “On-the-Job training” and last, but not least, a never ending commitment to our customer retention efforts.
Rommel C. Saber
President - Europe, Africa
Near/Middle East & Indian Subcontinent

Asia Pacific
Year 2011 was like a roller coaster—we started off enjoying record-breaking growth during the first half of the year, but soon the economic slide took us into a business slowdown and we did not experience our typical peak season. The integration of the Asia and South Pacific Regions resulted in outstanding business growth, validating the wisdom of our strategy. Business growth in China continued to attract foreign investment, especially in the inland provinces, which caused the emergence several new major export centers. In the meantime, China’s strong internal economic consumption rate increased our import and associated logistics business as we made continued investments in Distribution Services, Transcon and Customs Brokerage. While the market gradually slowed after the third quarter and no peak season developed, we were able to maintain stable growth.
As for 2012, while we are hopeful the predictions for weaker economic growth do not come to fruition, we have prudently prepared for any possible impediments. Because of the lower profits experienced by a lack of a 2011 peak season, air and ocean carriers continue to take steps to take capacity out of the market. The ocean steamship lines are adopting ship-sharing cooperation to also reduce excess capacity, lower costs and stop the significant operating losses they experienced as an industry in 2011. The airlines are starting to cancel flights and ground aircraft. To cope with these changes, since the beginning of 2012, we have instituted a series of cost control initiatives, such as a soft hiring freeze and being much more discriminating in our travel and entertainment decisions. We also continue to strengthen our relationships with our service providers in order to secure their partnership and support during these difficult times. On the positive side, the import demand continues to grow, and we are investing more resources to focus on continuing to develop Transcon, Distribution Services, and Project Cargo services. For the China market, our new building in Beijing is expected to be fully operational by the second quarter, to be followed by more potential strategic investments in Western and Northern China. With prudent business strategy and development, we are confident in our expansion and diversification capabilities, no matter how challenging 2012 may be.
James L. Wang President- Asia Pacific
