   to our shareholders
It was another year of growth and expansion. We’re extremely pleased to see that profits are back in vogue and that Expeditors survived the dot commania that had been so pervasive during the last two years. While the markets churned and our stock got treated very much like a yo-yo, we turned in another record year. Expeditors opened 11 new offices and added some 700 new family members to our network. In the Far East, we added new offices in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; Phnom Penh, Cambodia; and Saipan, Mariana Islands; and in Europe: Budapest, Hungary; and Bordeaux, France. In South America, we opened Manaus and Belo Horizonte in Brazil; Ciudad Juarez in Mexico; and in the United States, we opened in Kansas City, Missouri; Savannah, Georgia; and Washington, D.C. This brought us to 160 offices worldwide at the end of 2000. Additionally, we opened new sales and cus- tomer service offices in Austin, Texas; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and Calgary, Alberta.
15.

 As our offices grew, so did the opportunities for our people. Expeditors saw several major internal ap- pointments in Europe. From our London office, Jim Anderson was promoted to Regional Vice President – Ireland, U.K., South Africa and Mauritius. In Frank- furt, Manfred Amberger assumed increased duties as Senior Vice President – Continental Europe. In Beirut, Rommel Saber is now our Executive Vice President in charge of Europe/Africa, in addition to his exist- ing responsibilities in the Middle East, India and Pakistan. In Mexico, we hired Bruce Krebs to head up our operations throughout that country. Finally, in Asia, we welcome Sandy Liu, who was appointed Chief Operating Officer – Asia and will be based in Hong Kong. Obviously, these are large territories to manage. Stay tuned for further appointments.
Awards and recognition matched the pace of our growth. Expeditors corporate headquarters and our
Seattle branch came in second in Washington State’s “Best companies to work for” list. In Hong Kong we were awarded the “Good People Management Award 2000” from the Labour Department of HKSAR Govern- ment. Kudos to all these offices for proving that our performance demonstrates just “how far our people will go,” no matter where in the world you deal with Expeditors.
I believe it was Winston Churchill who said, “Expe- ditors will be the leading logistics provider in the world in the next millennium.” Actually, we can’t prove that he said this, but whoever said it would have been right. Our industry continues to see major consoli- dation and acquisitions. In 2000 alone, three of our large competitors were gobbled up. Far from feeling left out, this has afforded us tremendous opportuni- ties to secure new offices and personnel. We firmly believe that our controlled organic style of growth
16.
17.

 really pays off for our customers, vendors and employ- ees. We will remain steadfast, since our way of growing assures those who depend on us, our employees and our customers, that there will be no traumatic changes in their daily dealings.
Finally, while it’s great to get this chance to look back on what has been another “best year ever,” there is more work to be done and it’s time to focus on the challenges ahead. As always, we thank our sharehold- ers, vendors, customers, and above all, our people. You are the best. Thank you.
THE WAY WE SEE IT
 PETER J. ROSE
CHAIRMAN AND CEO
18.
