 TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS

KNOWWHATYOU STAND FOR
AND ACHIEVE GOOD RESULTS
INAVERY TOUGH YEAR
 Expeditors has now logged 29 years of successful growth. Last year we mentioned that we “look forward with great zeal” to 2008, and we were quite pleased with the experience. We managed to avoid the “R” word through cost control, productivity, the ability to retain the best people in the business and, of course, our superb
customer base. Our relationships with our service providers have never been stronger.
Mid-year, Armageddon set in but we’ve come through largely unscathed. We have a stronger balance sheet with a larger cash balance than ever.
Most of the analysts’ questions have been answered: new President
 15.

IT’S NO GAME
WE DON’T FOLLOW MEGATRENDS
WE FOLLOW OUR PRINCIPLES
 Jordan Gates; new CFO Brad Powell; and two new Board members; Mark Emmert and RobertWright all point to continuity for the future.
Of course, we made formal ad- justments to account for the sexual orientation of employees – which has never been an issue here any- way – but at least now we won’t have
to address it at the annual meeting anymore. Inevitably, someone else with another cause célèbre will want to promote something to require us to do things “their” way that we’re already addressing “our” way, i.e. carbon credits, global warming, green position or some other topic geared towards impinging our progress.

WE NEVER GAMBLE
THERE’S NO VALUE IN A QUICK PROFIT
MEANINGFULVALUE IS LONG-TERM
 Then again, thanks to the imple- mentation of SOX (Sarbanes Oxley), we’re very pleased by both the ex- pense and outcome of this endeavor as it has halted all the dishonesty, greed and avarice in business. It’s really neat to be able to legislate honesty and integrity. Meanwhile, the DOJ and the European Commis-
sion’s investigations into various allegations of anti-competitive activ- ity are ongoing.We have responded to all requests made of us and we look forward to the day when this is neither a topic of concern nor an item we feel compelled to comment on in this letter.
Fortunately, Expeditors will not
 17.

be in need of a bailout. But it’s com- forting to know that if we run into trouble thanks to mishandling funds or poor leadership, we will at least know where to go.
Expeditors continued to open new offices and made capital expenditures for two beautiful new offices in Hong Kong and Shanghai. Each had well-
attended open houses and both are showpieces.
Next year it’s our 30th anniver- sary and we look forward with great zeal to the coming year, and to all the surprises it will bring.
 18.
Peter J. Rose Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
