To our stockholders "2006 is going to be a rough year for Expedia, but sometimes you have to take a step backwards in order to leap forward. And if we are right, the investments we are making begin coming home next year." Barry Diller, Expedia, Inc. 2005 Annual Report As we expected and communicated in last year's stockholders' letter, 2006 was to be a year of change, challenge and investment for Expedia, Inc. A year later we are very pleased to report we finished 2006 on the upswing, 2007 is well begun and the Expedia venturing forth is far better in nearly every meaningful way than when you held this report in hand last year. You can see this progress in every area of our business, whether you cast your glance financially, geographically or by brand: · Gross Bookings grew 10%, to $17.2 billion, and we delivered $525 million in Free Cash Flow(1); · The Expedia brand planted its flag in Denmark, Japan, Norway and Sweden; · Expedia Corporate Travel» expanded to Germany, surpassed the $1 billion gross bookings mark & recorded its first operating profit; · TripAdvisor» launched innovation after innovation, from wiki functionality for travelers to graphical media for advertisers, and our brand portfolio is now leveraging its award-winning content; · Hotels.com», the 5th largest online travel agent on the globe, grew worldwide gross bookings 20% to $2.3 billion and expanded its presence to 35 countries; and · Hotwire» earned J.D. Power and Associates' "Highest Customer Satisfaction for Independent Travel Web Sites"(2) for 2006, while meaningfully diversifying its gross bookings base beyond merchant air. 2006 saw the Company make some very necessary investments. We began in earnest to re-architect the Company's technology platform, and launched a number of other critical technology initiatives. We didn't earn any headlines for this `behind-the-scenes' work, but to be sure these activities will prove critical to our long-term success. These initiatives certainly raised the Company's expense and capital burdens, but they'll allow us to create a user experience second to none, and they'll give us the wherewithal to keep innovating a step ahead of the competition. Expedia's scale and conservative balance sheet allow us the option of making these differentiating investments, and we're firm believers that the right answer for long-term stockholder value is to go ahead and make them. During 2006 we also celebrated Expedia.com's 10th anniversary, and while we marvel and take pride in our progress, the Company and its senior management are very much focused on the future for Expedia, Inc. In keeping with this look forward, during the year we developed a new mission statement to guide the Company in its next decade, which is "Expedia gets the world going...by building the world's largest and most intelligent travel marketplace." This statement reflects our fundamental role in facilitating travel, whether for business or for pleasure, as well as our commitment to providing travelers with the best resources to serve their travel needs. In doing so we leverage Expedia's critical assets -- our global reach, our brand portfolio and our breadth of product offering -- and we take advantage of our growing base of knowledge about our destinations, suppliers and travelers based on the unique position we maintain in the value chain. As it relates to global reach, Expedia, Inc. brands now operate over 70 websites in 50 countries. In 2006 our international points of sale accounted for 26% of our worldwide gross bookings and 28% of revenue, up considerably from the 18% mark in 2004. In 2006 we launched four new Expedia-branded points of sale in Scandinavia and Japan, the world's 2nd largest travel market. We've continued extending our global footprint in early 2007 with the launch of our 13th Expedia point of sale in Spain, and we plan to launch the Expedia brand in India later this year. While launching new points of sale is obviously accretive from a simple bookings and revenue perspective, it's also critical from a strategic perspective. When we enter a market such as Japan, we bring a rich array of international supply to the local traveler on day one. Then, as we gain traction in Japan and add

more local (i.e. Japanese) supply, each of our other global points of sale immediately benefits from this supply enhancement, and we are positioned to enter subsequent geographies with an ever more powerful supply arsenal. As you can imagine, this builds on itself over time, providing an increasing strategic advantage versus our competitors. While this is great news for travelers in the markets we enter, it's also compelling for our suppliers. Imagine the benefit to our Partner Services Group when approaching a hotel in San Francisco and pitching not just domestic demand from three of the top six U.S. online travel agencies (#1 Expedia.com, Hotels.com and Hotwire.com), but also demand from travelers in 50 countries at our websites throughout North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. The bottom line is that no other online travel provider can deliver the breadth of global demand that Expedia can. What's particularly exciting for our long-term stockholders in 2007 and beyond is they stand to benefit even more from our enhanced operational foundation due to the capitalization efforts we undertook in 2006. Taking advantage of our status as a full cash tax payer and our strong liquidity, we reduced our after-tax cost of capital by completing the Company's first debt offering of $500 million in Senior Notes. We used the cash from the offering, along with our own internally generated cash flow, to repurchase some 50 million common shares through open market purchases and a self-tender, reducing our share base nearly 15%. So whatever success we have on the value creation front will now inure to the greater benefit of a smaller base. We want to thank our stockholders for your patience in riding out 2006 with us. Know that you have an employee base at Expedia that is hugely talented and incredibly passionate about our customers, our brands, our technology and travel. The year certainly wasn't our finest hour from a financial results perspective, but it did contain the most critically important work to Expedia's future since its founding. We know we are now on the right strategic and tactical paths to building significant value per share over the long-term. Sincerely, Sincerely,

Barry Diller Chairman & Senior Executive

Dara Khosrowshahi CEO & President

(1)

Year Ended December 31, 2006 (In thousands)

Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Less: capital expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Free cash flow . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SM

$617,440 (92,631) $524,809

(2) According to the J.D. Power and Associates' 2006 Independent Travel Web Site Satisfaction Study , which ranked customer satisfaction when booking a hotel, airfare or rental car through an independent web site. For J.D. Power and Associates award information see www.jdpower.com.

