A Message from the Executive Chairman

Progress and Priorities
The year 2007 marked a major turning point for Ford Motor Company. We made significant progress toward our plan to return to profitability in North America and in our total Automotive operations in 2009. At the same time, we laid the foundation for future growth. Our efforts centered on improving our cost structure, introducing exciting new products, improving our balance sheet, and operating as a single global team. The results were very encouraging. With the exception of North America, all of our Automotive operations were profitable, excluding special items, and all achieved significant improvements. In North America, we made substantial progress on our plan to aggressively restructure in order to operate profitably. We continued to align capacity to demand, and reached an agreement with the United Auto Workers which significantly improves our competitiveness going forward. Around the world, our new vehicles are being acclaimed for their styling, quality and safety. Environmental stewardship also is a key element of our revitalized product plans. In the near term, we are introducing EcoBoost, an affordable engine technology that will give our customers substantial fuel economy improvements at a competitive price. Longer term, we are investing in a variety of
4 Ford Motor Company | 2007 Annual Report

alternative fuel technologies to meet the energy and environmental challenges of the future. We have also appointed the industry's first senior executive for sustainability and formed a Transformation Advisory Council to help us shape our thinking about future technologies and global trends. This group includes nationally known thought leaders from outside Ford who will come together several times a year with our own experts with the goal of making us the leader in sustainability. The outlook for the automotive industry remains challenging. However, based on the progress we are making and the product portfolio we have coming, I believe we are starting to write an exciting new chapter in Ford history. Under the outstanding leadership of Ford President and CEO Alan Mulally, our worldwide team continues to press forward urgently to achieve our priorities. We all share the same goal ­ creating exciting, desirable and responsible vehicles so we can grow our business profitably. By doing that we will create value for our shareholders, our communities and our world.

William Clay Ford, Jr.
Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board March 6, 2008

