Affordable Fuel Economy for Millions
Ford is committed to delivering the best or among the best fuel efficiency with every new vehicle we introduce. For example, the 2010 Ford Fusion is now America's most fuel efficient midsize sedan for both the hybrid and conventional gasoline models. Fusion Hybrid delivers 41 mpg in city driving ­ better than the Toyota Camry ­ while the four-cylinder Fusion S gets 34 mpg highway and 23 mpg city, topping both Camry and the Honda Accord. And we're doubling our hybrid production in North America in 2009.

A Message from the Executive Chairman
This year I am marking my 10th year as Chairman and 30th year as an employee of Ford Motor Company. In spite of the many challenges we face, I have never been more excited about our prospects for the future. In 2008 we accelerated our efforts to transform Ford Motor Company into a growing and profitable global automotive leader. In addition to streamlining and globalizing our operations, we introduced more products that customers really want and value, a key element of our plan. Unfortunately, the tremendous progress we have made has been more than offset by an economic crisis of historic proportions. As a result, after a profitable first quarter, we ended the year with a substantial net loss. While we recognize the seriousness of our current situation, we remain confident in our plan. In the last two years we have aggressively restructured our operations as we work to match production to demand. At the same time, we have shifted to a more balanced product lineup offering the highest quality, safety, value and fuel economy. Today our product quality is unsurpassed by Toyota or Honda. We have more vehicles chosen as top safety picks by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety than any other brand. We also have made significant advances toward achieving fuel economy leadership.

Ford's Electrification Strategy
Ford Motor Company is embarking on an aggressive plan to bring pure batteryelectric vehicles, next-generation hybrids and a plug-in hybrid to market quickly and more affordably over the next four years. It's the next step in our commitment to deliver fuel economy solutions for millions. The plan leverages our ONE Ford product vision by taking advantage of high-volume, global vehicle platforms. We're also forging partnerships with suppliers, electric utilities and other key stakeholders to meet the technical challenges of making vehicle electrification an affordable mass-market reality.

We are introducing EcoBoostTM engines, six-speed transmissions and other fuelsaving technologies across a wide range of vehicles. This year we will double our hybrid models and volumes in the United States. In 2010 we will deliver a commercial batterypowered vehicle for fleet customers and in 2011 a battery-powered passenger vehicle. In 2012, we will deliver our third generation of hybrid vehicles, including a plug-in version. The hard work of our global team has positioned us to survive the current recession and succeed when the recovery begins. We are undergoing the most rapid and farranging transformation in our history so that we can lead the way into the future with great new products. Thank you for your continued support of our efforts.

William Clay Ford, Jr. Executive Chairman March 6, 2009

2

Ford Motor Company | 2008 Annual Report

A Message from the President and CEO

Safety Leadership
Placeholder to be shot

In 2008 the automotive industry faced a deep recession in the United States and Europe, the worst worldwide financial crisis in decades and a dramatic slowdown in all major global markets. Like all automakers, Ford Motor Company was adversely impacted by these extraordinarily difficult economic conditions. However, the plan Ford is operating under ­ what we call ONE Ford ­ is helping us endure these current conditions and position ourselves for future success. Our plan has been consistent for the past two years: t "HHSFTTJWFMZSFTUSVDUVSFUPPQFSBUFQSPGJUBCMZBUUIFDVSSFOUMPXFSEFNBOEBOEUIF changing model mix. t "DDFMFSBUFUIFEFWFMPQNFOUPGTBGFGVFMFGGJDJFOUIJHIRVBMJUZOFXQSPEVDUTUIBU customers want and value. t'JOBODFPVSQMBOBOEJNQSPWFPVSCBMBODFTIFFU t8PSLUPHFUIFSBTPOFUFBNMFWFSBHJOHPVSHMPCBMBTTFUT

Ford Motor Company has more Top Safety Picks from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety ­ totaling 16 ­ than any other brand. The new Ford F-150 is the latest to earn this rating, joining other 2009 models, including the Ford Flex, Ford Escape, Lincoln MKS and Mercury Mariner. Robust body structures and innovative safety technologies ­ such as AdvanceTrac® with Roll Stability ControlTM that help drivers prevent skidding and rollovers ­ play key roles. Ford is broadening its safety leadership to include crash avoidance with new technologies such as MyKeyTM, which allows parents to limit the vehicle's top speed and audio volume to encourage safer teen driving, and the Collision Warning with Brake Support radar warning system to help drivers avoid rear-end accidents.

The Ford Taurus - the car that changed America's view of full-size sedans - is all-new for 2010 and ready to take on the world's best, with an upscale new design, impeccable driving dynamics and class-leading technologies. The famed performance model, Taurus SHO, returns for 2010 (above).
Ford Motor Company | 2008 Annual Report 3

ONE Ford has transformed us into a different auto company: different than others today and from ourselves a few years ago. However, the worldwide economic slowdown ­ driven by tight credit markets and weak consumer confidence ­ has shaken the foundation of even the strongest companies, in the automotive sector and in every other industry. Certainly, the severe economic challenges of 2008 had a significant impact on our results for the year, both in terms of our operating losses and cash flow. After earning a profit in the first quarter of 2008, we had an overall net loss of $14.7 billion for the year, with $6 billion of that coming in the fourth quarter. That compares with an overall net loss of $2.7 billion in 2007. Our worldwide Automotive revenue was $129.2 billion in 2008, compared with $154.4 billion in 2007. At yearend 2008, our total Automotive liquidity was $24 billion, including gross cash of $13.4 billion. Fortunately, we began aggressive restructuring efforts under ONE Ford before the current crisis began. We eliminated excess manufacturing capacity, closing plants and reducing our work force. We negotiated a new contract with the UAW to improve our competitiveness. We shifted to a balanced product lineup offering high quality, proven safety, excellent fuel economy and good value.

ONE FORD
ONE Ford expands on the company's four-point business plan for achieving success globally. It encourages focus, teamwork and a single global approach, aligning employee efforts toward a common definition of success and optimizing their collective strengths worldwide. The elements of ONE Ford are: ONE TEAM: ONE Ford emphasizes the importance of working together as one team to achieve automotive leadership, which is measured by the satisfaction of our customers, employees and other essential business partners, such as our dealers, investors, suppliers, unions/councils and communities. ONE PLAN: The company's four-point plan consists of: balancing our cost structure with our revenue and market share; accelerating development of new vehicles that customers want and value; financing our plan and rebuilding our balance sheet; and working together to leverage our resources around the world. ONE GOAL: The goal of ONE Ford is to create an exciting and viable company with profitable growth for all.

CO2
UP TO 20 PERCENT FUEL IMPROVEMENT

LOWER EMISSIONS

IMPROVED ENGINE PERFORMANCE

UP TO 15 PERCENT REDUCTION IN CO2 EMISSIONS

TORQUE

FUEL EFFICIENCY

PERFORMANCE

ENGINE

Ford EcoBoostTM Engine Technology Debuts
One of Ford Motor Company's key initiatives to deliver fuel economy leadership makes its debut this year. It's Ford's clever EcoBoost engine technology, which delivers significant gains in fuel economy along with a great performance drive feel. EcoBoost gives the Lincoln MKS the power and torque of a V-8 engine with the fuel economy of a V-6 engine, thanks to the combination of turbocharging and direct fuel injection. The new 3.5-liter V-6 is the first in a wave of EcoBoost engines coming from Ford. By 2013, more than 90 percent of Ford's North American lineup will be available with EcoBoost technology.

Ford's senior management team is focused on continuing to implement the company's global ONE Ford plan, left to right: Sue Cischke, Ray Day, Nick Smither, Jim Farley, Lewis Booth, Bennie Fowler, Mike Bannister, Alan Mulally, Mark Fields, John Fleming, John Parker, Derrick Kuzak, Felicia Fields, Joe Hinrichs, Ziad Ojakli, Tony Brown and David Leitch.
4 Ford Motor Company | 2008 Annual Report

As part of our ONE Ford plan we also secured credit in advance of the financial market meltdown. As a result of all of these actions and based on our current planning assumptions, we have sufficient liquidity to make it through this global downturn while maintaining our product plans, without the need for government bridge loans. However, as we told Congress in our business plan submission in December 2008, in this environment a number of scenarios could put severe pressure on our Automotive liquidity, causing us to require such a loan ­ including most importantly a significantly deeper economic downturn, or a significant industry event such as the uncontrolled bankruptcy of a major competitor or major suppliers that caused a major disruption to our supply base or dealers. We continue to take the decisive actions necessary to lower production to match lower worldwide demand and reduce costs. We expect this will contribute to significantly reduced negative Automotive operating-related cash flow in 2009 as compared with 2008, and position Ford for growth when the economy rebounds. Based on our current planning assumptions, we believe we are on track for total Company and North American Automotive pre-tax results and Automotive operating-related cash flow to be at or above breakeven in 2011, excluding special items. Our ultimate goal remains unchanged: to create a viable Ford Motor Company and a lean global enterprise delivering profitable growth for all. Looking ahead, we anticipate very weak global industry sales volumes during 2009, with a full-year decline in the range of about 15% from 2008 levels. Significant government policy stimulus is being implemented in most markets and is expected to improve the environment for sales later this year. Financial markets remain under significant stress, however, and further government and central bank actions are needed to provide liquidity and stabilize banks. For Ford, the year ahead will be marked by an unprecedented number of new product introductions. Consistent with our ONE Ford plan, we are introducing more products that customers want and value.

Unsurpassed Quality Built In
Ford, Lincoln and Mercury vehicles continue their impressive quality gains, collectively improving for the fourth straight year and moving into a virtual tie with Honda and Toyota for the 2008 model year, according to the latest U.S. Global Quality Research System (GQRS) study. Ford's commitment to world-class quality extends beyond Things Gone Wrong (TGWs). Ford also designs into its vehicles a number of customer-driven product features, such as fuel economy, superior craftsmanship, and quiet interiors. These features represent the "things gone right" that are also critical to an overall satisfying ownership experience.

Ford Motor Company | 2008 Annual Report

5

Smart Technologies Keep You Connected and Informed

Ford SYNC®
Ford is an automotive company that's thinking like a consumer electronics company. Our affordable, industry-leading SYNC technologies and services are going global and expanding in-vehicle connectivity for our customers. SYNC not only delivers emergency, diagnostic and information services, but in the summer of 2009 it adds real-time traffic reports and turn-by-turn directions on the road. SYNC's success is creating demand outside North America. We'll be making it available in Europe in 2010 followed by the Asia Pacific region.

In North America, 2009 will be the first full sales year for the new Ford F-150 pickup. We also will introduce upgraded gas and new hybrid versions of the Ford Fusion midsize sedan; a new Ford Mustang, available as a coupe with optional factory-installed glass roof or convertible model, and Shelby GT500; a new Ford Taurus; a high-performance Taurus SHO with an EcoBoostTM engine; a new type of small commercial van for the North American market called the Ford Transit Connect; an upgraded Mercury Milan and new Milan Hybrid; an upgraded Lincoln MKZ; a Ford Flex and Lincoln MKS with a fuel-efficient EcoBoost engine, and an all-new Lincoln MKT premium crossover also available with EcoBoost. In Europe, 2009 is the first full sales year for the Ford Fiesta. We also will launch our fastest volume production model ever, the new Focus RS; and introduce the new Ford Ka progressively across the region. The Ford Kuga crossover will be available for the first time with a 2.5-liter turbocharged gas engine and five-speed automatic transmission. In Asia, we will introduce the all-new Ford Fiesta five-door and four-door sedan in China, and build it in Nanjing. The Fiesta also will be introduced in Australia and New Zealand. Other new product introductions in 2009 include the Ford Ranger compact pickup and Ford Everest SUV, both with advanced, efficient turbo-diesel engines. In South America, 2009 will provide still more evidence of the growing strength of our ONE Ford plan. We are bringing to market the new European-based Ford Focus in Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela. In Brazil, the North American-based Ford Edge also goes on sale, along with the European-based Ford Transit. Ford also is on track with its plan to invest in new, smaller, fuel-efficient vehicles and achieve a more balanced global product portfolio. Within the next five years, all Ford vehicles competing in global segments will be common in North America, Europe and Asia, fulfilling a key element of our ONE Ford plan. This includes Ford Fiesta- and Focus-sized small cars, Fusion- and Mondeo-sized midsize cars and utilities, as well as commercial vans. Importantly, every new product will be the best or among the best in its segment for fuel economy, while providing top quality, safety, smart technologies and value. We also are launching the most aggressive vehicle electrification program in the industry. By 2012, we plan to produce at least four high-mileage vehicles that will use the most advanced forms of battery technology in a family of hybrids, plug-in hybrids and battery-powered vehicles.

Ford SmartGaugeTM
Ford's SmartGaugeTM with EcoGuide gives hybrid owners a more connected, fuelefficient driving experience. An innovative new instrument cluster that provides realtime information to help drivers maximize fuel efficiency debuts on the 2010 Ford Fusion and Mercury Milan Hybrids.

3
No Park

2

1

Active Park Assist
The innovative new feature available on the Lincoln MKS flagship sedan and all-new Lincoln MKT seven-passenger luxury crossover uses an ultrasonicbased sensing system and Electric Power Assisted Steering (EPAS) to position the vehicle for parallel parking, calculate the optimal steering angle and quickly steer the vehicle into a parking spot.
6 Ford Motor Company | 2008 Annual Report

Lincoln is offering full-size luxury crossover customers a fresh new choice with the 2010 Lincoln MKT, a three-row tourer that delivers the optimal blend of fuel economy, performance, technology and spaciousness.

Manufacturing Flexibility
It pays to be flexible, and Ford Motor Company is investing in our manufacturing facilities ­ like the transformation of the Michigan Truck Plant for small-car production ­ to increase their flexibility to produce multiple models in the same plant. By 2013, every North American Ford assembly plant will have a flexible body shop.

Ford is leveraging its global portfolio of products to meet the unique needs of American small-business owners with the 2010 Transit Connect, a spacious new fuel-efficient alternative to larger commercial vehicles that's ideal for navigating U.S. cities. Transit Connect goes on sale in the U.S. this summer.

In addition to producing these vehicles, we are employing a comprehensive approach to electrification that will tackle commercial issues such as batteries, standards and infrastructure. We are working with Southern California Edison, the Electric Power Research Institute and six additional electric utility companies from New York, Atlanta, Detroit and Raleigh to develop plug-in hybrid vehicles and infrastructure. Despite an extremely difficult year we continue to see many positive developments. These ongoing improvements make us more confident than ever that we have the right plan and are taking the right actions to survive the downturn and emerge as a lean, globally integrated company poised for long-term profitable growth. As always, we thank you for your support of our efforts.

Community
Ford Motor Company Fund and Community Services (www.community. ford.com) promotes corporate citizenship, philanthropy, volunteerism and cultural diversity in communities where we do business. The Fund supports initiatives and institutions that foster innovative education, auto-related safety and American heritage and legacy. Ford's presence in the community also provides opportunities for salaried employees and retirees to volunteer through the Ford Volunteer Corps.

Alan R. Mulally President and Chief Executive Officer March 6, 2009

The strengths of the European Ford Kuga extend beyond its high safety levels. Kuga boasts an exciting design and a convincing driving quality ­ two recognized and acclaimed Ford brand characteristics. Kuga also has high levels of comfort and load carrying capability, as well as an impressive sustainability performance.
Ford Motor Company | 2008 Annual Report 7

