                                                    April 1, 2015
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
First American posted strong results in 2014 as the housing market continued its measured improvement. While rising home prices caused an overall decline in housing affordability, low interest rates and the improving jobs market helped to offset this trend, keeping affordability at a favorable level. And while total mortgage originations decreased significantly during the year, purchase activity led the U.S. mortgage market for the first time in eight years, accounting for 57 percent of residential originations. This shift was more a result of the significant decline in refinance activity than robust growth in new- and existing-home purchases. But the higher revenues generated by these purchase transactions and the continued strength in the commercial market buffered our company from the impact of the precipitous decline in refinance transactions.
We generated $4.7 billion in revenue in 2014, down 6 percent from the prior year. Though the market conditions I outlined above negatively impacted revenues, our continued vigilance on expenses combined with a reduction in our title claims rate drove earnings per share of $2.15, up from $1.71 per share the prior year. A lower corporate tax rate and investment gains also contributed to earnings growth.
Our Title Insurance and Services segment realized a strong 8.7 percent pretax margin in 2014, evidence of the effectiveness of our operational efficiency initiatives. Our national commercial group posted the highest revenues in its history during the year, and our international group significantly improved performance in all of its key markets. Our Specialty Insurance segment’s revenues increased 9 percent to $369 million, with our home warranty group realizing record revenues.
We generated free cash flow of $263 million in 2014 and a return on stockholders’ equity of 9.3 percent, up from 7.8 percent the previous year.
We also delivered on our continuing commitment to create value for our stockholders. In 2014 our total stockholder return was 23.7 percent, just ahead of the 23 percent annualized stockholder return we have generated since we began trading as a stand-alone public company in June 2010.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Throughout 2014 and going into 2015 our capital priorities remain consistent: invest in our core business, make targeted acquisitions that support our strategy, and return capital to stockholders. Last year we invested almost $100 million back into the business, with an emphasis on technology that enhances our infrastructure, makes it easier for our customers to use our products and services, and helps to prepare us for process adjustments prompted by upcoming regulatory changes. During the year we also acquired a number of businesses in furtherance of our strategy to grow our core business and to leverage our extensive data assets. In March 2014 we purchased Interthinx, a leading provider of loan quality analytics, decision support tools and loan review services for the mortgage industry. That same month we also acquired Florida-based Universal Land Title, and just recently we announced the acquisition of New York-based TitleVest – two leading title agents that expand our presence in these key markets for our title insurance business.
In November we enhanced our financial flexibility with the completion of a $300 million debt offering of 4.6 percent senior notes due 2024. We ended the year with a debt-to-capital ratio of 19 percent, in line with our long-term target of 18 to 20 percent.
Lastly, as a reflection of our optimism over the long term, during the first quarter of 2014 our board of directors doubled our dividend and in January of 2015 increased it again by 4 percent to $1.00 per annum.

STRATEGIC DIRECTION
Our vision remains the same: to be the premier title insurance and settlement services company. To achieve this vision we are focused on gaining profitable market share in our core title and closing business. Through organic growth and acquisitions, including those I mentioned earlier, we enjoyed meaningful success against this goal in 2014, with our market share increasing 90 basis points to 27.8 percent. We also are actively expanding our data assets to strengthen our core business and to aid in the development of innovative solutions for our customers. We continue to find new ways to monetize our property information database, which is the most comprehensive in the industry. For example, our data fuels the analytics products we provide to significantly enhance our ability to meet our customers’ demand for greater assurance that the loans they originate meet the exacting requirements of regulators and investors.
LOOKING AHEAD
In the coming year, regulatory change will likely represent a challenge to the mortgage industry and, as a result, our company. On August 1, 2015, new rules go into effect that dramatically revamp disclosure requirements for most mortgage transactions. Compliance with these rules requires significant changes to the manner in which participants in the mortgage market, including our company, process transactions. While we and our customers are expending significant resources to prepare for this, I believe these changes could have a temporary impact on mortgage volumes as the market learns to operate efficiently under the new rules.
Despite this, I remain optimistic that the housing market will continue to improve, albeit at a more moderate pace than many published forecasts. In particular, we expect that continued job creation and increasing availability of credit should drive potential home purchasers off the sidelines. Moreover, home price appreciation, while moderating, will continue to build home equity and could stimulate transactions among existing homeowners. Interest rates, of course, remain uncertain. And while low rates certainly stimulate refinance transactions, a rising rate environment also suggests an improving economy, which bodes well for purchase transaction levels. In addition, we expect continued strength in the commercial market, though not at the rate of growth we’ve experienced over the past few years.
As we look ahead to 2015, I would like to extend our thanks to two individuals who helped us get where we are today: the Hon. George L. Argyros and Herbert B. Tasker, both of whom will be retiring from our board of directors in May. Except for a four-year stint as U.S. Ambassador to Spain, George has served on our board since 1988. His thorough understanding of the real estate market and his decisive nature served us well. A director since 2002, Herb’s deep knowledge of the mortgage industry provided us with keen insight into the needs of our customers. We thank both of these gentlemen for their expert counsel and many contributions to our success.
2014 was a good year for First American. As our talented and dedicated employees proudly celebrated our 125th anniversary – a milestone very few companies have achieved – we also continued to pursue our vision to be the premier title and settlement services company. Together with our board of directors, I thank you for your support.
Dennis J. Gilmore Chief Executive Officer
 