                                                   April 2, 2014
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
In 2013, First American navigated a volatile U.S. real estate market as the long-lived refinance boom ended, offset in part by a resurgence in purchase activity. Housing market fundamentals were strong, with home sales and values rising, and foreclosure inventory trending down, enabling the company to grow revenue to $5.0 billion, a 9 percent increase over 2012.
Housing affordability remained favorable in most markets during the year, despite higher home prices and an increase in interest rates that began in early May. This rise in rates immediately impacted refinance activity, which was down 47 percent in the second half of the year, but was partly offset by a strong rebound in purchase volumes and continued strength in the commercial market.
First American recorded net income of $1.71 per share in 2013, down from $2.77 per share in 2012. The decline in earnings per share was due to a higher loss provision rate for the title insurance business in 2013, as well as $0.38 in net realized investment gains recorded in 2012.
During the year and in early 2014, our capital management efforts included significant share repurchases, a doubling of our dividend, and the completion of acquisitions that enhance our ability to serve our core customers. In 2013, the company delivered a 19 percent total return to shareholders.
SEGMENT HIGHLIGHTS
Title Insurance and Services
Revenues for our Title Insurance and Services segment totaled $4.6 billion, up 10 percent from the prior year. The year had two distinct phases, with continued low interest rates supporting a strong refinance market through much of the first half of the year, followed by a sharp decline in refinance activity as rates moved higher in response to the Federal Reserve’s talk of tapering its mortgage and treasury securities purchase program. Our refinance orders peaked in April at 3,300 per day, declining to a low of 1,200 per day in December. Although it started from a low base, the purchase market saw strong growth in 2013. Revenues from purchase activity were up 26 percent, as both transaction volumes and average fees per order increased. Our commercial business also grew by 23 percent, posting its fourth year of double-digit revenue growth and its strongest year ever.
Expense management was a key focus in the second half of the year as refinance orders rapidly declined. We made significant reductions in our workforce and other support costs as the year progressed and continued to adjust our expense levels into early 2014.
2013’s strong operating results for the title segment were impacted by reserve additions totaling $149 million that primarily related to legacy policy years 2005-2008. Without these reserve additions, our pretax title margin would have been above our 10 percent minimum target. Going forward, we believe we are appropriately reserved and are encouraged that more recent policy years continue to perform well.
In March of 2014, we completed the acquisition of Interthinx, Inc., a leading provider of loan quality analytics, decision support tools and loan review services for the mortgage industry. The acquisition enables us to expand our offerings to our key lender customers, providing important support of their efforts to meet the demanding loan-quality standards required by recent regulatory changes. The acquisition of Interthinx provides a complementary product extension that, when combined with our strong data and lender-focused title and
 
settlement solutions, uniquely positions First American to provide the industry’s most robust loan-quality assurance solution – from application to closing. This acquisition also represents a significant step in our ongoing effort to capitalize on our unique data assets, which are now among the nation’s largest inventories of property and title information and imaged documents.
Specialty Insurance
Our Specialty Insurance segment posted revenue of $340 million, up 8 percent from last year. The segment continues to achieve good operating results, generating a pretax margin of 12.4 percent. That margin is fairly consistent with the prior year, after adjusting for higher net realized investment gains in 2012. Both our home warranty and property and casualty businesses within this segment contributed to the strong performance, despite the fact that each experienced a higher loss ratio in 2013. Our home warranty business had a particularly good year, with revenue growth of 12 percent.
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
During 2013, our capital management priorities remained consistent as we focused on investing in our core business, making strategic acquisitions, and returning capital to our shareholders.
We continued to support our businesses with capital expenditures totaling $87 million in 2013, primarily investing in customer-facing technology, infrastructure, title plants, and systems that lay the groundwork for future growth.
We completed a number of small, title-related acquisitions in 2013. In March 2014 our purchase of Interthinx for $155 million was financed using our revolving credit facility, raising our debt-to-capital ratio from 11 percent to 16 percent.
Our free cash flow in 2013 was $291 million. Given our strong cash flow and positive long-term outlook for the business, our board of directors approved the doubling of our dividend in March 2014 to an annual rate of $0.96 per share. At the time of announcement, the dividend yield on our stock was 3.5 percent.
We repurchased $65 million of stock during the year, at an average price of $21.90 per share. In March 2014, the board increased the company’s share repurchase authorization to $250 million, which raised the remaining authorization to $183 million.
These recent capital management actions reflect the company’s confidence in the long-term outlook for our business and ongoing commitment to creating shareholder value, while leaving us with the financial flexibility to continue to execute on our growth strategies.
OBJECTIVES
We remain dedicated to managing the company for the long-term benefit of its employees, customers and shareholders. Progress on our four corporate objectives reflect that commitment.
Grow the Company
In 2013 we focused on profitable market share growth by targeting the four states highest in title industry revenues. We made solid progress, with our domestic title market share up 70 basis points in 2013 compared with 2012 and, importantly, the markets driving that share gain also achieved higher operating margins and profitability. We anticipate that our efforts to increase our sales force, improve our penetration of key customer segments, and further enhance our customer-facing technology, will yield increasing benefits in 2014 and beyond.
 
Last year and into early 2014 we continued to grow through acquisitions that expanded our presence in Florida, Colorado, and California. We also purchased TSS Software, a key provider of technology solutions to title agents. And our acquisition of Interthinx presents a growth opportunity through an expansion of our product line that we can now offer to our important lender customers.
Improve our Customer Experience
In 2013 we reorganized our U.S. title business into two new, customer-centric divisions. Our “Direct Division” includes our residential title branches nationwide and our “Agency Division” includes those who work with our title agents across the country. While we had previously been organized on a geographic basis, the new structure aligns with these two key customer segments and distribution channels, allowing us to serve them in ways that best meet their needs.
We continue to enhance our customer-facing technology, including our innovative myFirstAm desktop and mobile applications for real estate professionals that streamlines their experience with us. In 2013 we also launched a new version of the myFirstAm web portal designed to benefit our commercial customers.
We continued to build and see positive results from our multicultural marketing efforts, as well, through which we bridge language and other cultural differences to help us better meet the needs of these important, yet often under-served, title customers.
Develop our Employees
We continue to deliver on our commitment to being the industry’s employer of choice, and on recruiting, developing and retaining the best talent in the industry – critical in an industry in which relationships and customer service are key competitive factors. During 2013, we completed our second biannual Employee Engagement Survey, which asks our employees to assess and rate the company’s performance on a wide range of business and employee-related topics. We received encouraging feedback on key attributes that are most correlated with financial performance for top companies, while gaining some insight into areas upon which we can improve. We added greatly to our training programs in 2013, providing tools to build skills, manage talent and develop the organization. And our company intranet portal, launched at the end of 2012, is increasingly helping to improve communication and engagement at all levels of the company, as well as enhance productivity through more effective learning and best-practice sharing. These, and related corporate and divisional efforts, helped us to achieve 12 “Best Place to Work” designations in 2013 in key markets across the country.
Operate Efficiently and Profitably
As refinance activity fell dramatically in the second half of the year, we responded to the change in market conditions with a renewed emphasis on expense management. As a result of our efficient cost structure and expense management efforts, we maintained solid profitability in 2013, despite the sharp decline in the refinance market and significant reserve strengthening charges related to legacy policy years.
LOOKING AHEAD
We expect market conditions to be challenging in 2014, as the transition to a purchase-led market continues. The Mortgage Bankers Association forecasts that the origination market will decline by 38 percent to $1.1 trillion, driven by a 62 percent decrease in refinance originations and an increase in purchase originations of 1 percent. However, higher-premium purchase transactions and the expected continued strength in the commercial market should help to offset the declining market’s impact on First American.
We anticipate that housing market fundamentals will continue to improve with the economy. Affordability remains favorable, delinquency and foreclosure activity continue to decline, and the purchase market is trending higher. All of this points to 2014 being a transition year for First American, with 2015 marking the beginning of a multi-year period of title revenue growth which, in turn, will support margin expansion and earnings growth. While uncertainty remains regarding the timing of improvement in the housing market, we are confident that First American is well positioned for strong earnings growth in the years ahead.

I would like to acknowledge all of our employees for their hard work in making and keeping First American a successful company and a great place to work. Our corporate objectives in 2014 are still to grow our company, improve our customers’ experience, develop our employees, and operate efficiently and profitably. And our vision to be the premier title and settlement services company remains. It is the strength and dedication of our employees that will help us continue to achieve that.
Together with the board of directors, I thank you for your support and look forward to the opportunities that lie ahead for First American.
Dennis J. Gilmore Chief Executive Officer
 