This has been an exciting and challenging year for Facebook. We connected one billion people, we transformed our
products and business to be primarily focused on mobile, and we transitioned to being a public company.
Our guiding compass is our mission: to give people the power to share and make the world more open and connected.
This is why we are here. We try to help you stay connected with everyone you care about, give you a voice to share
what’s important to you, and hopefully make the world a little smaller as a result.
Each step in our journey brings new opportunities to serve the world in new ways. Over the next few years, our focus
on our mission will lead us to work on a few of the world’s greatest opportunities.
We can help redefine the relationship we all have with our phones and technology so it’s more about people and less
about apps and features. We process the world through interacting with other people. Our technology should be
personal and work in the same way. It’s natural and it’s how we’re wired. The work we’re doing on Home is the start
of this effort.
We can help connect the next five billion people. Over the next five to ten years, most people with feature phones will
get smart phones. Some of them will get smart phones just so they can use Facebook to stay connected with family
and friends. We feel it is a great opportunity—as well as our responsibility—to help everyone in the world get
connected and join the modern knowledge economy.
We can establish Facebook as one of the great economic engines of our time. Small businesses will be able to acquire
new customers and build deeper relationships than ever before. Great brands will be better able to tell their stories and
build meaningful connections with consumers. E-commerce services will be able to sell products inline as millions of
people discuss them. Developers will have the tools to remake every product category and deliver new experiences to
people everywhere.
When I think about the world today, the thing that amazes me most is how many people’s lives are getting better
every day by just getting online and joining the knowledge economy. As we all connect with the people we care
about, with our communities, with businesses and with governments, we are all empowered. Together, we are about to
see the most empowered generation in history. If Facebook can help enable this future, in the process we will build a
global platform that creates lasting value for people everywhere and a strong lasting company as well.
These are technology problems and they are also social problems. This is the kind of work that Facebook, our culture
and our community are uniquely built to do.
I want to thank everyone at Facebook and in our community for helping us get so far.
Our journey is 1% done. I’m excited to build something great together.
Mark Zuckerberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer