 FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC. 2010 Annual Report
Tenke Fungurume, Democratic Republic of Congo
Grasberg, Indonesia
To Our Shareholders
The theme of this annual report, “Connecting the World,” highlights Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold’s significant role in producing metals that are vital to the world’s economies. In particular, copper, which generated 78 percent of our 2010 revenues, is critical in connecting the world through a broad range of applications, including infrastructure development, power systems, transportation, industrial applications and a variety of energy-saving devices. We are a
global leader in the production of copper, gold and molybdenum and have a long and successful history of conducting our business in a safe, highly efficient
and socially responsible manner for the benefit of our stakeholders.
2010 was an outstanding year for our company. After successfully managing through one of the most severe economic downturns in history, we achieved in 2010 the best financial results in our company’s history.
Our global team performed at an exceptional level and achieved a number of safety and operational records. We were also successful in achieving a significant increase in our mineral reserves, which provide building blocks of future growth. Our copper business benefited from strong demand from China and emerging markets, recovering economic conditions in the United States, Europe and Japan — and limited supplies.
3

 4
These market dynamics resulted in tight physical market conditions, declining exchange inventories and higher commodity prices. Our realized price for copper averaged $3.59 per pound in 2010, 38 percent higher than in 2009. The copper price ended the year at an all-time high of $4.42 per pound and reached new highs in
early 2011.
Most market experts expect copper prices to continue to be favorable during 2011, driven by rising demand and constrained supplies. As a leading producer of copper with long-lived reserves and attractive development projects, we are well positioned to benefit from these favorable conditions. In our molybdenum business, we are advancing efforts to maintain our position as the world’s largest molybdenum producer. Our large-scale operations and the robust markets for our products should enable
us to generate solid financial results as we go forward.
We have a highly focused financial strategy designed to build value for shareholders. Our first priority for using cash is to invest in economically attractive development projects. We are actively pursuing large investments
in mine expansions at several of our operating sites around the world to grow our production profile, improve efficiencies, and generate increased cash flows and profits. We will also continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, which will enable us to effectively manage inherent volatility in our business and pursue large-scale development opportunities. We also expect to continue our longstanding tradition of providing attractive cash returns to shareholders as market conditions warrant.
Our outstanding financial results during 2010 allowed
us to further strengthen our financial position, enhance our liquidity position, advance our attractive development projects and provide increased cash returns to shareholders. We repaid $1.6 billion in debt in 2010, and our Board of Directors increased our quarterly common stock dividend over 200 percent during the year. We also paid a supplemental common stock dividend of $1.00 per share (pre-split) in December 2010, and our positive share price performance and outlook for our business enabled our Board to authorize a two-for-one stock split, which took effect on February 1, 2011.
In 2011, we will focus on executing our plans for future growth in response to the global market demand for metals while continuing to emphasize safety, aggressive cost management and social responsibility. These commitments are central to our core values
and a primary driver of our corporate social responsibility programs.
We express our appreciation to our entire organization for their hard work and accomplishments during 2010. The positive contributions by our global team have positioned us for continued success. We also want to express our gratitude to our Board of Directors, whose wisdom and counsel have shaped our past success and promising future. Together we will continue “Connecting the World” for the 21st century.
Respectfully yours,
James R. Moffett
Chairman of the Board
Richard C. Adkerson
President and
Chief Executive Officer
     March 15, 2011
FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC. 2010 Annual Report
