World Class Operations
The Phelps Dodge acquisition transformed Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. into a dynamic industry leader and combined the assets and technical teams of two great companies. These assets will deliver significant copper volumes to an attractive market, providing substantial cash flows that will enable us to invest in growth projects and build value for shareholders.
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
The year 2007 was special for Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. On March 19, 2007, we completed the $26 billion acquisition of Phelps Dodge Corporation, creating the world’s largest publicly traded copper company, the world’s largest producer of molybdenum and a significant gold producer. In so many ways, it was a perfect match —
the combination of a company with a world-class asset, the Grasberg mine
in Indonesia, and a company with geographically diverse assets in search of a world-class mine to complement them.
The acquisition transformed Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. into a dynamic industry leader and combined the assets and technical teams of two great companies. These assets will deliver significant copper volumes to an attractive market, providing substantial cash flows
that will enable us to invest in attractive growth projects and build value for shareholders.
The process to consummate the merger proceeded very well, and we were very pleased by the response to this business combination from our shareholders, the investment community and the financial markets that allowed us to complete this exciting and large transaction.
To complete the transaction and integrate the two companies, we borrowed $16 billion, which was comprised of $6 billion in long-term notes and $10 billion in term loans.
Immediately following the acquisition, we completed $5.8 billion of equity offerings. Through the combination of equity proceeds and cash flows from operations, we reduced acquisition debt by more than $10 billion by year-end 2007, achieving our debt reduction objectives two to three years sooner than initially targeted.
Our financial strength and strong cash flows are enabling us to pursue aggressively our attractive development projects and increase cash returns to shareholders. In December 2007, our Board of Directors authorized a 40 percent
FCX Stock Performance
$120 $110 $100 $90 $80 $70 $60 $50 $40
increase in our annual common stock dividend from $1.25 to $1.75 per share and a new 20-million-share open market share purchase program.
The new Freeport-McMoRan, with operations and projects in the Americas, Indonesia and Africa, has one of the most exciting portfolios of operating, expansion and growth projects in the copper mining industry.
This globally diverse portfolio of properties is the basis for the first part of the theme for this annual report,
“A World of Assets.” The second part of our theme, “A World of Opportunities,” is inspired by the significant exploration and development activities we have initiated to expand production capacity, extend the lives of our mines and develop new ore bodies.
       Letter to Shareholders 5
Dec-06 Jan-07
Feb-07 Mar-07
Apr-07 May-07
Jun-07 Jul-07
Aug-07 Sep-07
Oct-07 Nov-07
Dec-07

ion
AFRICA DEBT REDUCTION Revenue Comp
FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC.
2007 Annual Report
NORTH AMERICA
Our new Safford mine in Arizona produced its first copper in December
20
2007, ahead of schedule. In December,
we announced plans to restart our Climax mine in Colorado, which is believed to be the largest, highest-grade
undeveloped molybdenum ore body in
Debt
$ in billions
to restart our Miami mine in Arizona, expected to begin producing copper in 2010; and we have several incremental expansion projects in progress.
SOUTH AMERICA
In 2007, we reached capacity from
our recently expanded mill complex
at our Cerro Verde mine, increasing
Enterprise Value
production of both copper and molybdenum. We are also pursuing
3.0
plans to develop a large sulfide
2.5
deposit at El Abra, which should begin producing copper by 20102.0 and extend
$ in billions
Income Comp
Enterprise Value
15
10
Our company is operator and 57.75 percent
0
owner of Tenke Fungurume, beli2eved to
be the largest copper and cobalt mining
concession in the world, located in the Katanga province of the Democratic Republic of Congo. Significant 10
construction activities for this high-
$20 $15 $10
$5 $0
  believe will be a positive copper market
for the future.
From a supply/demand standpoint, 40
15
  55
the world. We are also moving forward potential project are in progress, with
operations targeted to begin during 2009.
00
“2006’
“2007’
At time of Acquisition
12/31/07
In addition to our long-lived reserve profile, we have opportunities to expand our reserves in the large mining districts where we operate. We have active exploration programs near our major sites in the Americas and on the highly prospective concessions we have in Africa and Indonesia.
We have created a company that is well
positioned to participate in what we
  the life of the mine by 10 years.
the copper market is well positioned
for producers. Inventories remain at
50
30
20
$50
$40
$30
$20
$10
60
    INDONESIA
1.5
1.0
0.5
0.0
“2006’
historically low levels. The industry is 10
characterized by limited supplies and a
0
larger demand base, primarily because of the emergence of China as the world’s largest consumer of copper. Demand for copper has increased as China, India and other emerging nations develop their cities and infrastructure.
In terms of supply, there is an absence of major new mines under development. It is very difficult to develop projects
in today’s world, with issues such as escalating costs, limited availability of people and equipment, and technical and environmental challenges.
“2007’
“2006’
“2007’
Y-e 2006
Y-e 2007
 Projects are under way to develop large-scale underground ore bodies
at the Grasberg mine. These include further expansion of the existing Deep Ore Zone mine and developing the high-grade Big Gossan mine, expected to be complete by 2010; and continued work on the Common Infrastructure project to provide access to the Grasberg underground ore body, the Kucing Liar ore body and other deposits.
6 Letter to Shareholders
  s

 These constraints on supply development are what led us to a view that the outlook for copper is positive and our company is well positioned
to benefit from these favorable conditions.
The acquisition of Phelps Dodge Corporation combined two companies with strong core values concerning environmental protection and impact mitigation and the support of local communities where we operate. We have well established Environmental and Social, Employment and Human Rights policies and are taking steps to ensure that our commitments detailed
in these policies are fully implemented throughout our worldwide operations.
The year 2008 will be an exciting one for our company. We want to express our deepest appreciation to our employees, who have made our past success possible through their hard work and dedication. We especially would like to thank Tim Snider, our Chief Operating Officer, for his 37 years of dedicated service to Phelps Dodge and his efforts to ensure the success of the integration of the two companies. Tim is retiring effective April 1, 2008.
We also want to extend our sincerest gratitude to our Board of Directors for
their wisdom, judgment and advice
which led to our successful business combination and will guide us as we work to achieve continued success in the future.
Morenci Mine, Arizona, with a long history of successful operations, is our largest-producing copper mine in North America, and where we continue to pioneer through technology advances in copper extraction.
Respectfully yours,
James R. Moffett
Chairman of the Board
March 17, 2008
Richard C. Adkerson
President and
Chief Executive Officer
                                                 Letter to Shareholders 7
