 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
       OIL & GAS
UNITED STATES
  Oil
Natural Gas
Natural Gas Liquids MMBOE 464
Oil
Natural Gas
Natural Gas Liquids MMBOE 38.1
350 MMBbls 562 Bcf
20 MMBbls
26.6 MMBbls 54.2 Bcf
2.4 MMBbls
GRASBERG, INDONESIA
 T
ENKE FUNGURUME, DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO
  3
  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We are pleased to present our 2013 Annual Report to showcase our assets, report our financial and operating results and share our company’s enthusiasm for future profitable growth. The theme of this year’s annual report, “Strength in Resources,” highlights our portfolio of large-scale, geographically diverse natural resource assets in the mining and oil and gas sectors, which provide strong margins and cash flows and financially attractive growth opportunities.
Following the completion of our oil and gas acquisitions during 2013, our organization maintained a clear focus on executing a strategy firmly rooted in maximizing shareholder returns through effective management of our existing production base, executing on our return-driven growth plans, maintaining a strong balance sheet and providing cash returns to shareholders.
We reported strong operational performance globally and increased our copper production in each of the four geographic regions of our mining business. We also benefited from a significant contribution from oil and gas assets acquired during 2013, which provide a high-quality addition to our asset base with strong margins and cash flows, and a highly attractive and exciting new growth profile.
We faced volatile commodity market conditions during 2013 and into 2014. While copper and gold prices declined during the year, Brent crude oil prices remained firm and natural gas prices improved during 2013. We took steps to reduce costs and capital spending in response to market conditions
and will continue to maintain financial flexibility in a dynamic global economic environment.
As a significant producer of copper and oil, we are positive about the long-term outlook for these commodities given their important roles in the global economy and limited supplies.
During the year, we advanced several large projects in our minerals and oil and gas businesses that pave the way for future growth. Important milestones achieved during 2013, and continuing in 2014, provide confidence that these initiatives will enable us to grow our cash flows and resource base. We also continued active exploration activities and are enthusiastic about future reserve additions in our minerals and oil and gas businesses. We look forward to reporting on the progress of these activities in 2014.
    
 4 | FREEPORT-McMoRan
Photo: Mill/Concentrator expansion at Cerro Verde, Peru
                   Consistent with our Board’s long-standing tradition of providing cash returns to shareholders, we paid more than $2 billion in common stock dividends during 2013 ($2.25 per share), including a $1 per share special dividend. Including dividends, our total shareholder return for 2013 was 17 percent.
During the year, we continued to build on our relationships and partnerships with governments and stakeholders in the communities where we operate. We are committed to sustainable development and to providing significant long-term benefits from our operations to local communities and governments. As we work to resolve our current challenge in Indonesia, we are positive about our long-term partnership with the country and the future prospects of the Grasberg minerals district.
As an organization, we continue to mourn the loss of 28 workers who were fatally injured during 2013 in an underground training facility near our Indonesian mining operations and seven others lost in separate tragic accidents. The safety of our people continues to be our highest priority and a critical focus of our entire management team and global organization.
We want to honor our co-founder B.M. “Mack” Rankin, who served as Vice Chairman and a member of our Board of Directors prior to his passing in August 2013. We are grateful for his long-term service and significant contributions to FCX’s success.
During 2013, the independent directors of our Board appointed Gerald J. Ford to the newly created position of lead independent director. We also welcomed five new members to our Board during the year, including James C. Flores, Alan R. Buckwalter, III and Thomas A. Fry, III following the oil and gas acquisitions and Lydia H. Kennard and Frances Fragos Townsend in December 2013.
We remain focused on executing our strategy of delivering safe, strong and efficient operational and project development performance to provide cash flows to achieve our debt reduction targets, generate attractive returns through organic growth and continue our long-standing tradition of providing cash returns to shareholders.
In closing, we would like to thank our employees for their hard work, dedication and commitment to FCX’s success and extend our sincerest gratitude to our Board for their wisdom, judgment and advice as we work to achieve continued success in the future.
Respectfully yours,
JAMES R. MOFFETT
Chairman of the Board
RICHARD C. ADKERSON
Vice Chairman of the Board President and
Chief Executive Officer
JAMES C. FLORES
Vice Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas LLC
      March 20, 2014
   