  To our shareholders:
We are pleased to report to you on 2006, which in many ways was
a historic year for our Company. Prices for our commodities soared — the 2006
averages were over $3.00 per pound for copper and over $600 per ounce for gold — and
the market fundamentals for both metals continue to be positive. These strong prices helped propel us to
new heights in our annual financial results — record revenues ($5.8 billion), operating income ($2.9 billion), net income ($1.4 billion) and operating cash flows ($1.9 billion). Our results also reflect strong performance at our Grasberg operations, where we set a number of records. This exceptional performance enabled us to return over $1 billion to shareholders during 2006 and end the year with more cash ($907 million) than debt ($680 million).
The year 2006 was historic for another very important reason — our agreement that led to our acquisition of Phelps Dodge Corporation for approximately $26 billion in cash and stock in March 2007. Through this transaction,
Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. is being transformed into one of the largest North American-based mining companies and the world’s largest publicly traded copper company.
The merger combines the operations of two leading mining companies. Our portfolio includes the world-class Grasberg mining complex, located in Papua, Indonesia, which is the world’s largest copper and gold mine in terms of reserves. We also have mines in operation in North and South America, and we are moving forward with the world-class Tenke Fungurume development project in the Democratic Republic of Congo. These operations form a dynamic industry leader at a time
of strong commodity prices and significant long-term growth opportunities. The combined company has the strength,
Our acquisition of Phelps dodge will transform Freeport-McMoran
Copper & Gold inc. into a dynamic industry leader with long-lived reserves
in Copper, Gold and Molybdenum.
Historical LME Spot Copper Price and Exchange Stocks
Through March 1, 2007
2000 1500 1000 500
99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07
LME Spot Copper Price LME & COMEX Exchange Stocks* *Excludes Shanghai stocks, producer, consumer and merchant stocks.
4 3 2 1
                        letter To Shareholders

000s of metric tons
Dollars per pound

diversity and talent to manage the challenges and take advantage of the opportunities in our industry. The assets
are characterized by long-lived reserves and are expected to generate strong cash flows, enabling significant near-term debt reduction. Our project pipeline will support industry-leading growth and we will continue to seek to add value through exploration. The combination of the two companies’ proven management and best practices in open-pit, solution extraction and electrowinning (SX/EW), and underground mining facilitates the sharing of expertise to optimize operations across the asset base. In short, this merger creates for the combined company tremendous Underlying Value, the title of this annual report, and provides the opportunity for our shareholders to participate in an industry leader with long-lived, geographically diverse copper, gold and molybdenum reserves.
This remarkable opportunity for our company was made possible by continued strong results from our Grasberg mine in Papua, Indonesia, and our longstanding and mutually beneficial partnership with the Government of Indonesia and the Province of Papua. The Grasberg mining complex is considered one of the best mineral deposits in the world — the world’s largest
James r. Moffett Chairman of the Board
richard C. Adkerson President and
Chief executive Officer
  Direct Benefits to Indonesia
More than
$5 billion
in total
direct benefits since 1992
payable copper and gold reserve in the same minerals district. It has produced 19 billion pounds of copper and 28 million ounces of gold net to the interest of PT Freeport Indonesia,
our Indonesian mining affiliate, since its discovery in 1988. PT Freeport Indonesia’s share of estimated remaining recoverable reserves as of December 31, 2006, was 38.8 billion pounds of recoverable copper and 41.1 million ounces of recoverable gold.
The Grasberg’s performance has also provided substantial benefits to the Indonesian government. The taxes, royalties, dividends and fees paid to the Indonesian government attributable to 2006 totaled approximately $1.6 billion. Since our current Contract of Work was implemented in 1992, these direct benefits to the Indonesian government have totaled more than $5 billion. In addition, PT Freeport Indonesia has invested nearly $5 billion in Papua Province and Mimika Regency on infrastructure development, including towns, electricity generation facilities, seaports and airports,
roads, bridges, tunnels, waste disposal facilities,
modern communications systems and other infrastructure, most of which will revert to the government at the end
of the contract term. PT Freeport Indonesia has
in millions of dollars
$500
$2,000 $1,500 $1,000
          
FreePOrT-McMoran COPPer & GOld inC. 2006 Annual report
02 03 04 05 06

also invested over $500 million in social infrastructure directly benefiting the local people in our area of operations, such
as schools, student dormitories, hospitals, health clinics, government offices, places of worship, civic and recreational facilities and programs developing small and medium-sized businesses. The company employs thousands of Papuans and supports the employment of thousands more through the purchase of local goods and services.
PT Freeport Indonesia expects to make significant additional investments in Indonesia and Papua Province in coming years. In 2007, our exploration geologists are returning to the field to focus on several high-potential targets that could add substantially to our reserve base in years to come. At the same time, PT Freeport Indonesia is developing large-scale underground mining operations that will be producing benefits for Indonesia and Papua for decades, another source of Underlying Value for our shareholders.
Safety will continue as our highest priority. During 2006,
we continued to make progress in safety performance at
PT Freeport Indonesia, with a lost-time injury rate per
200,000 working hours of 0.10, a 23 percent improvement over 2005 and comparing favorably to the United States (U.S.) metals mining industry average for 2005 of 2.15. The total reportable injury rate per 200,000 working hours during 2006 was 0.31, an 18 percent improvement over 2005 and again comparing favorably to the U.S. average of 3.55.
The year 2007 will be a transformational year for our company. We look forward to building upon our success with our Grasberg complex as we pursue new opportunities through our significantly expanded and diversified asset base.
We want to take this opportunity to offer our appreciation to our employees, whose hard work and dedication have made possible these strong operating and financial results we are reporting to our shareholders. We also offer our sincerest appreciation to our Board of Directors for their judgment and counsel that has guided our course to our current success and future promise.
Respectfully yours,
James r. Moffett
Chairman of the Board March 15, 2007
richard C. Adkerson
President and
Chief Executive Officer
   