 THE STRENGTH OF OUR METALS
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
In many ways, 2003 was a record year for the company and our shareholders. We sold 1.3 billion pounds of copper and 2.5 million ounces of gold net to the interests of PT Freeport Indonesia, our Indonesian mining affiliate. We reported revenues of $2.2 billion, the highest total ever, and record-low average annual unit cash production costs – a credit of ($0.02) per pound of copper, net of gold and silver credits.
Our operating cash flows were $572 million, the fifth consecutive year of cash flows in excess of $500 million. We successfully completed a series of transactions to reduce debt, inclusive of cash and restricted investments, by $643 million – more than 27 percent – to improve our balance sheet and enhance our financial flexibility. Our Board initiated a common stock dividend in February and later increased it to $0.80 cents per share annually. The value of our common stock increased 150 percent during the year.
The year also included challenges and sadness for our Freeport family. On October 9, waste material on the south wall of the Grasberg open-pit mine failed and flowed to the bottom of the pit, and we regrettably lost eight of our coworkers. It was an unforeseeable, disheartening and humbling incident. We immediately went to the mine to offer our condolences and prayers to the families and to meet with our employees. A second, much smaller debris flow occurred in the same location on December 12. Although no one was hurt in this incident, to ensure the safety of our workers, we altered mine plan sequencing to accelerate mining of the south wall to facilitate safe access to high-grade ore areas in the mine. These changes reduced our mill throughput and concentrate production. We expect to return to these key ore areas in the second quarter of 2004 and be back to full production as soon as possible.
 Even though we have always placed a high priority on safety and our safety record compares very favorably to U.S. and international statistics for the mining industry, our safety performance in 2003 was unacceptable. We have taken significant steps toward improving our safety and management efforts going into 2004.
Our outlook for 2004 and 2005 is very promising for two reasons: the strength of our employees’ commitment and the strength of our metals. Our workforce in Indonesia is a close-knit family. In the wake of tragedy, we pulled together and faced the challenge with determination. For example, with the ore from the pit reduced, our underground mine team set numerous operating records, including a new daily production record of over 58,000 metric tons. We are proud of our workforce and our management team and consider them to be among the best in the world.
“The Strength of our Metals” is the theme for our 2003 Annual Report. Our Grasberg complex in Papua, Indonesia, contains the world’s largest gold deposit and the second-largest copper deposit, all in one ore body. Moreover, it is a very young mine when compared to most other large mines. Since discovery of the Grasberg mine in 1988, the complex has already yielded an aggregate 16.6 billion pounds of copper and 25.8 million ounces of gold, including the share of our joint venture partner, Rio Tinto plc. However, at the end of 2003 the Grasberg complex still contains aggregate proven and probable reserves of 54.4 billion pounds of copper (39.7 billion pounds net to
PT Freeport Indonesia) and 60.4 million ounces of gold (46.6 million ounces net to PT Freeport Indonesia). This gives us the ability to mine for decades to come based solely on reserves established as of 2003 –
                                                                                                                                                                                       2 FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC. 2003 Annual Report

                                          James R. Moffett, Chairman of the Board (left) and Richard C. Adkerson, President and Chief Executive Officer (right), at the PT Freeport Indonesia mining operations in Papua, Indonesia.
 and we continue to conduct exploration activities to supplement our reserves. In 2003, we added to our proven and probable reserves 1.6 billion pounds of copper and 600,000 ounces of gold net to PT Freeport Indonesia’s interest.
Moreover, the value of our metals, copper and gold, is on the rise. Our 2003 results were achieved with average price realizations of $0.82 per pound of copper and $367 per ounce of gold. As we begin 2004, copper prices have rallied to well over $1 per pound and gold prices are around $400 per ounce. Many market analysts predict that in 2004 the demand for copper – and its price – will continue to be strong, reflecting substantial consumption growth in China and improving global economic activity; and that gold prices will continue to benefit from low interest rates and the weakness in the U.S. dollar. Because the ore in the Grasberg complex contains such significant quantities of both copper and gold, we can generate strong cash flows even during periods of low commodity prices, when other mining companies struggle; and realize even greater benefits when copper and gold prices are high. The presence of both major metals in our ore bodies makes us a low-cost leader, no matter how you look at us – either as a copper producer or as a gold producer.
Because of the mine sequencing changes we made for the safety of our workers, a portion of the higher grade ore previously forecast to be mined during the second half of 2004 is expected to be deferred to 2005. We currently project 2004 sales of 1.0 billion pounds of copper and 1.5 million ounces of gold net to our interest. Ore grades are expected to increase throughout the year, meaning that a significant portion of 2004 metal sales will occur in the second half of the
 year. This, together with a scheduled 45-day closing of our Atlantic Copper smelter for maintenance beginning in March, will adversely impact our financial results in the first half of 2004. The return to higher-grade ore, however, is projected to boost 2005 sales to 1.5 billion pounds of copper and 2.9 million ounces of gold net to our interest. Average annual sales volumes over the next five years are expected to approximate 1.34 billion pounds of copper and 2.2 million ounces of gold net to our interest. These sales levels, combined with our low-cost operations and the bright outlook for the prices of our metals, place us in a strong financial position. Because our capital expenditure requirements during this period will be relatively low, we anticipate generating substantial cash flows for debt reduction and shareholder returns.
In closing, we would like to express our heartfelt thanks to our employees and management team for their hard work and commitment, and to our Board of Directors for their strong support during these challenging times. Together, we will be able to continue our history of providing strong financial results and value for our shareholders.
Respectfully yours,
James R. Moffett Chairman of the Board
March 1, 2004
Richard C. Adkerson President and
Chief Executive Officer
  Letter to Shareholders
FREEPORT-McMoRan COPPER & GOLD INC. 3
