TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS "Proving our Mettle" captures our resolve to execute our clearly defined plan and to position Freeport-McMoRan for long-term success. We are positive and optimistic about our company's long-term future, the mine to be a major large-scale producer for decades. In Indonesia, we received important assurances from the Government of Indonesia regarding our long-term operating rights. And in Africa, exploration for significant future reserve additions. Our mining assets are

underpinned by a portfolio of exceptional assets and a highly motivated management team and workforce focused on executing our strategy. supplies and copper's important role in the world's economy. We are The long-term outlook for copper is bright, supported by limited global realistic about the current economic environment and near-term risks

results at our Tenke Fungurume mine continue to indicate opportunities characterized by high volumes of low-cost current production, with and growth.

large mineral reserves and resources available for future development

facing our business. During 2015, we took aggressive actions to reduce

costs and capital expenditures. We achieved significant cost reductions prices near six-year lows.

As we enter 2016, our immediate focus is to restore strength to our

and structured our mining operations to generate free cash flow at copper Our Board of Directors made the tough decision during 2015 to

balance sheet. In addition to cutting costs, we have announced plans to

sell assets and to maximize cash flows from operations to repay debt. In

February 2016, we announced an important first step with an agreement to sell an interest in our Morenci mine for $1 billion in cash. We expect these actions will reduce our asset base, they are being pursued with an objective to enhance shareholder value. We expect to retain a highwithin the global copper industry. quality portfolio of long-lived assets and a strong competitive position Our Board is engaged in a strategic review of our oil and gas business. FM O&G's high-quality asset base, substantial underutilized Deepwater Gulf of Mexico infrastructure and large inventory of low-risk development opportunities provide alternatives to generate value. The value of these assets has significant leverage to the price of oil. to report additional progress on our divestiture plans during 2016. While

suspend our common stock dividend and to raise equity to protect our

balance sheet. We also sharpened our focus through reconstituting and

reducing the size of our Board, streamlining our executive management to enhance accountability and electing a non-executive Chairman. Our Board currently includes eight independent members and our CEO. The Board represents a strong blend of institutional knowledge and challenges and position the company for long-term success.

fresh perspectives that will benefit shareholders as we address market Our Board has adopted a clearly defined strategy of focusing on our company is our organization's ability to develop and safely operate

leading global position in the copper industry. A key strength of our properties around the world. During 2015, we achieved a number of important milestones. In Arizona, the new concentrating facility at Morenci reached full rates. In Peru, we completed the construction of the world's largest concentrating facility at Cerro Verde, positioning

The safety of the men and women in our over-75,000-member workforce continues to be our highest priority. We are pleased to report continued improvement in our incident rate during 2015. Regrettably, three fatal injuries occurred in 2015, including two at our Grasberg operations in Indonesia and one at out Cerro Verde operations in Peru. Fatality

Photo: Morenci is the largest copper mine in North America

4

F reeport -M c M o R an

LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

prevention in our global operations continues to be a critical focus of our management team, with particular focus on our critical risk control framework.

We are optimistic about

At the end of 2015, James R. "Jim Bob" Moffett stepped down from the Board and as Executive Chairman. We thank Jim Bob for his resource industry. contributions and dedicated service over his 50-year career in the natural As we execute our business plans in this volatile market, our employees continue to demonstrate unwavering and relentless resilience. We appreciate their strong focus, hard work and diligence as we adjust our business to be responsive to the current economic environment. We during this important period. would also like to thank our Board for their service, support and counsel Copper has a bright future and, by working together, our global team will be successful in "Proving our Mettle."

our company's long-term future, underpinned by a portfolio of exceptional assets and a highly

motivated management team and workforce strategy. focused on executing our

Respectfully yours,

GERALD J. FORD
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board

RICHARD C. ADKERSON
Vice Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

April 6, 2016

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

5

