Dear Fellow Shareholder, Since opening our first store in 1959, Family Dollar has continually evolved to meet the needs of our customers. Our commitment to the communities that rely on our great values is as important today as it ever has been in our 53-year history. The economic environment continued to be very challenging in fiscal 2012 as consumer confidence remained low and unemployment rates continued to hover in the high-single digits. To ensure that we remain relevant to our customers in good times and difficult times, our leadership team reacted quickly to the economic challenges and introduced new growth drivers while accelerating investments in critical profitability drivers. In fiscal 2012, we:   Opened 475 new stores and renovated, relocated or expanded 854 stores; Completed a number of important merchandising initiatives, including the expansion of coolers in about 1,400 stores, the introduction of new impulse fixtures into all stores, the addition of Pepsi and their portfolio of beverages to all stores, and the introduction of 1,000 new food, health, beauty and personal care items to our assortment; Introduced tobacco in 6,200 stores; Opened our 10th distribution center and began construction of our 11th distribution center; Enhanced and increased our marketing efforts; and Signed a 6-year exclusive, strategic partnership with McLane, the nation's leading provider of grocery and food service-supply chain solutions.

   

The additions we've made over the last year to increase our relevancy and to capture more trips are taking effect as planned. Comparable stores sales accelerated throughout the year, and we increased our market share. We also continued to deliver a more compelling shopping experience for our customers. Since launching our renovation program in fiscal 2011, we have refreshed nearly 2,000 stores. At the end of fiscal 2012, almost half of our chain reflected a newer, more competitive shopping experience and a broader merchandise assortment. Our commitment to creating a more compelling place to work and to driving a culture of store centricity remained strong in fiscal 2012. During the past year, we continued to realize positive rewards from our ongoing culture initiative. I am pleased to share that our engagement scores improved across the organization. These positive trends were a result of our efforts to strengthen our succession-planning process, to expand our leadership-development program, and to enhance our team communications. I'm particularly proud of our 80% internal promotion rate, a clear validation of our success in making Family Dollar a more compelling place to work. I've always said that if you take care of your customer and your team, your shareholders will benefit. Our efforts over the last year have resulted in very strong returns for our shareholders. In fiscal 2012:    Comparable store sales increased 4.7%, and total sales increased 9.2%; Earnings per diluted share increased 14.7% to $3.58; and Return on shareholders' equity increased to 34.8%.

I am pleased with our accomplishments and progress in 2012. Our teams did a great job reacting quickly to manage a difficult environment. We listened to the customer, we made a number of changes to improve our merchandise assortment, and we became more relevant. We continued to refresh our chain to provide customers with a more consistent and competitive shopping experience, and we built strong teams throughout the organization to help drive our business forward. I'm confident that these improvements position us to continue our momentum in 2013 and ensure that Family Dollar is, and will always be, a compelling place to shop, to work and to invest. Sincerely,

Howard R. Levine Family Dollar Chairman and CEO

