value

To Our Shareholders

As a fellow Shareholder, this is a difficult letter to write. While we achieved a record $5.8 billion in sales in fiscal 2005, a 10.3% increase above 2004, net income was $217.5 million, a decrease of 15.7% -- our first decline in earnings since 1995. Despite these disappointing financial results, I am more excited than ever about our Company's future prospects and our ability to create value for our Customers, for our Associates, and for you, our Shareholders. We now operate approximately 6,000 stores, and we believe there is ample opportunity to grow the size of our chain to better serve our expanding customer base. New geographical markets like California remain future growth opportunities, and our Urban Initiative creates additional store expansion opportunities in large metropolitan markets, which are largely under-served by other retailers. Our target Customer, the low and lower-middle income population, has experienced significant growth. Over the last five years, the number of people making less than $25,000 in annual household income has increased more than ten percent, and the number of families with income below the poverty level has grown almost eight percent. Clearly, an increasing number of people need the values that Family Dollar offers. As I reflect on our performance in 2005, I believe that two factors affected our results: a challenging economic environment and an aggressive investment agenda. First, while our operational performance can always be better, the economic environment for our low and lowermiddle income Customer was challenging last year. The average cost of gasoline continued to soar in 2005, capturing a larger share of our Customers` already strained budgets. As Percentage of Consumer Households that Shopped energy costs increased, in a Dollar Store our Customers had less disposable income and bought fewer discretionary items. In response, we continued to increase the value and selection of basic consumable merchandise, like perishable food, so that
55% 59% 62% 66% 67%
'00 '01 '02 '03 '04

we could capture a larger portion of our Customers' limited wallet. Second, we invested aggressively in our business to deliver greater long-term value for our Customers, our Associates and our Shareholders. During our 46-year history, we have made significant investments that affected short-term results but ultimately delivered long-term gains. For example, in 1995, we made strategic investments in support of our everyday low pricing strategy which had an adverse impact on our financial results that year -- net income declined 7.9%. Although not as quantifiable then, the long-term benefits are now clear: our Customers benefited from lower prices, our Associates benefited from less complicated merchandising strategies, and our earnings grew at a double-digit rate in the ensuing years. During 2005, we again made significant investments in our business to create greater value for our Customers, our Associates, and our Shareholders. To drive higher sales and stronger profitability in both bullish and bearish economic environments, we invested in four strategic initiatives last year: the installation of refrigerated coolers for the sale of perishable food; the Urban Initiative; our Treasure Hunt merchandise program; and new stores. We remain confident that these initiatives create a strong foundation for our future growth. But that doesn't mean that every initiative performed equally well. In 2006, we will increase investment in those initiatives that performed well in 2005 to drive additional returns, and we will refine and enhance initiatives that have not yet met our expectations, so that we may accelerate investment for higher returns in the future. We are positioning Family Dollar to satisfy those fill-in food shopping trips that our Customers make frequently. At the beginning of 2005, we had planned to install refrigerated coolers for the sale of perishable food in 500 stores. However, our Customers reacted so quickly and positively to the program that we doubled our initial plan and installed

Source: ACNielsen Homescan Consumer Insights 2005

2

68%

'05

FAMILY DOLLAR STORES, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2005

"We are committed to delivering value to our Shareholders, our Customers and our Associates as we position Family Dollar for future profitable growth."

refrigerated coolers in about 1,000 stores last year. This year we will expand the rollout to an additional 2,500 stores, and by the end of 2006, more than half of our chain will have refrigerated coolers. In 2005, we launched our Urban Initiative in 1,200 stores to address the unique challenges of operating highvolume stores in large metropolitan markets. The Urban Initiative is designed to increase profitability in these markets through investments in people, process changes and technology, including organizational changes to support a more mobile and flexible workforce. While stores in the Urban Initiative experienced higher than average sales growth and continued to be profitable, the program did not achieve our profitability goals in 2005. We will continue to invest in the current Urban Initiative markets in 2006, but we will not expand the program into new markets until we have refined processes and generated expected results. We experienced one of our strongest holiday seasons ever in 2005, generating comparable store sales increases of 5% in November and 4% in December. The addition of exciting Treasure Hunt merchandise drove these results as our Customers were delighted to find unexpected holiday "treasures" at Family Dollar. We will expand our Treasure Hunt merchandise program in 2006 to include more surprises for our Customers, better in-store presentations and improved merchandise allocations to stores to drive higher inventory turns. In 2005, we continued our aggressive store expansion program with the opening of 500 new stores, but the timing of new store openings was weighted heavily toward the end of the fiscal year, increasing costs and operational inefficiencies. While we will maintain our commitment to new store growth with plans to open about 400 new stores in 2006, this slower rate of growth will allow us to focus on building processes to support an even distribution of store openings throughout the year. Creating a more steady flow

of new store openings will enable us to more efficiently accelerate our growth in the future. We continue to build our management team with strong talent to support our growth opportunity. Some excellent new players have joined our talented team of seasoned veterans, and we have realigned our senior management structure to better support our crossfunctional strategic agenda. As I assess Family Dollar today, I believe that we have a strong, cohesive team, and our new management alignment is having a tangible impact on our results. In the fourth quarter of 2005, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of $300 million of the Company's Common Stock. In September 2005, we took advantage of a compelling stock price and a favorable interest rate environment to repurchase ten million shares of Family Dollar Common Stock using proceeds of a $250 million private placement of long-term debt. The issuance of debt when combined with the stock repurchase program will enhance Shareholder value while continuing to maintain a strong financial position. Fiscal 2005 was a challenging year, but, thanks to the hard work of all of our Associates, we made significant progress in building the foundation upon which we intend to increase our market share and profitability. I remain excited about the growth opportunity that exists for our Company, and I am confident in our ability to realize this opportunity and deliver value to our Customers, our Associates, and you, our Shareholders.

HOWARD R. LEVINE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

November 2005

3

