Our company's fiscal year 1997 perfor­ mance reaffirms that FedEx has strate­ gically positioned itse lf for ongoing leadership in a vital, high-growth, for­ ward-looking industry - g lobal exp ress dis tr ibution.
After we invented modern express distribution in 1973, FedEx pioneered services and delivered innovations that helped our industry grow to nearly $35 bil­ lion by 1996. Looking ahead, the global express market is forecast to reach more than $250 billion in the next 20 years. With seven-fold industry growth pro­ jected over the next two decades, FedEx and you-the  investors  who share  in  our f ut ure- st and to benefit handsomely, provided we wisely manage and extend our leadership advantages.
A FORMU L A FOR THE FUT URE

Inside this year's annual report you'll dis­ cover ways FedEx is doing precisely that : working to sustain and enhance our lead­ ership edge, in sync with trends and mar­ ket forces that are transforming  t he global economy.
Our strategic actions and init iat ives are summarized broadly by what we call the FedEx "V3" strategy-Vision, Value, Virtual.
VISION . To satisfy worldwide demand for  fast,  time-definite,  reliable  distribu  ­
tion, FedEx continues to build and refine  a uniquely integrated , all-cargo exp ress network. This network relies equally on transportation infrastructure , informat ion technology and dedicated FedEx people for its seamless global operation.
Now, just 12 years after our first inter ­ continental FedEx aircraft lifted off from New York City bound for London, our
 
" v ision " network l i nks markets that represent 90% of the wor ld 's gross domestic product with next-business-day or two-business-day pickup and delivery of documents, packages and freight.
As it stands, no competitor can begin to match the global service capab ility FedEx offers today's businesses. But rather than stop there , FedEx is aggressive ly pursu­ ing additional market leverage, including new route configurations, additional air­ route authorities and enhanced elec ­ tronic links with customs organizat ions worldwide.
These are the essential building blocks that will allow FedEx to provide even faster and more reliable connections between major markets, while bringing the earth's farthes t corners into the 48-hour service window for our customers.
VALUE . To serve the world's largest
express market with a wide range of premium and deferred express delivery services at competitive rates, FedEx con ­ tinues to expand and enhance its inte­ grated air-ground transportation network within North America. Given trends showing that U.S. businesses are steadily reducing their investment in  inventory, the demand for reliable, time-definite dis­ tribution options over both short- and long­ haul distances is only expected to grow.
VI RT UAL. FedEx remains our industry 's premier innovator in developing informa­
tion t echnolog ies that help customers manage and grow their businesses, which in turn helps fuel our own growth.
Today, nearly 60% of all FedEx packages are generated  by  customers  linked  to us elect ronically. To remain successful,
 






2 THE WAY THE f/O R LD WORKS
 

provid i ng outstanding service while managing our costs, we'll continue using technology to move bytes-and boxes- with optimum speed, precision and efficiency.
And, as we have done consistently for years, FedEx will pursue these strategies of Vision, Value and Virtual within the context of our absolute commitment to improving service levels for our cus­ tomers and providing rewarding employ ­ ment for our employees.
PROVEN BY PERFORMANCE

As I noted earlier, it is clear from our fis­ cal year 1997 financial results that our formula for leadership is correct. Notable achievements include:
■	Worldwide revenues of $11.5 billion, a 12% increase over 1996
■	Net income of $361 million, a year­ over-year gain of more than 17%
■	Earnings of $3 .12 per share, a 16% improvement over last year
■	International average daily express
volume growth of nearly 18%
■	U.S. domestic average daily express volume growth of 11 %
■	Total express shipment revenues 50% greater than those of our nearest competitor .

Despite t hei r outstanding performance during the past fiscal year, FedEx employees at al l levels of the organiza­ tion remain diligently at work on opera­ tional and financial areas where we see any room for i mpr ovem ent - i n our results, in our service, or in our compet­ itive position.
FedEx continues, for example, to press for "open skies" treatment for alI-cargo
 

air transportation worldwide. As a case in point, we remain confident that U.S. gov­ ernment officials will soon persuade their Japanese counterparts to allow FedEx full and unfettered use of the  route author i­  t ies we hold between Japan and markets throughout Asia, including China.
Meanwhile, employees in our newly formed Operations Support and Engineering division are aggressively pur­ sui ng new electronic connections with customs authorities aroun d the world, links that will allow our customers' ship­ ments to cross borders with fewer delays.
S T RONG,	DEFENSIBLE POSITION

The core strengths of Fed Ex- brand recogni t ion, global presence, customer base, asset base, customer service, tech ­ nologica l expertise, regulatory rights, and the experience, skill and mot ivat ion of our people - place us in a strong and defensible competitive position in this high-growth  industry.  If  you  believe,  as I do, in the trends shaping express distri­ bution, and the  commitment  and  ability of our employees to extend  our  leader­ sh ip edge, you know as stockholders you're positioned to en joy superior finan­ cial returns.
And you have our assurance that 130,000 FedEx employees are working around the clock, around the globe, to deliver world-class service and innovation for our customers and outstanding finan­ cial performance for our stockholders.


Frederick W. Smith Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
 












It is clear from our fiscal year 1997 financial results that our formula for leader­ ship is correct.
 






