Dear Fellow Shareowners:
FedEx continues to help shape and accelerate today’s fast- moving world of business. We’re at the heart of deep changes in global commerce, and we are creating new ways to serve our customers and expand opportunities for growth.
FedEx transportation services provide the single most impor- tant element that every shipper needs – certainty. We deliver both shipments and the related information about them exactly as customers need, virtually anywhere in the world. We provide a broad portfolio of service options. And all of this is becoming crucial to businesses striving to transform complex supply chains into more efficient engines of growth and profitability.
This deep-seated transformation of commerce – and FedEx’s expanding role in it – is having a positive effect on FedEx, con- tributing to a 9-percent increase in consolidated revenues for fiscal 2003 to $22.5 billion. And despite extremely difficult economic conditions, we increased net income 17 percent to $830 million and achieved record earnings of $2.74 per diluted share. The price of FedEx common stock also reached an all- time high during a period in which the S&P 500 Index fell nearly 10 percent.
Capitalizing on Growth Opportunities
We are pleased – but not surprised – by these results. Based on our new strategy outlined more than three years ago, FedEx has pursued growth opportunities domestically, internationally and with cross-company solutions, while working to better manage costs and optimize our various transport networks.
In FY03, double-digit volume gains at FedEx Ground paced our domestic growth, with our reliable, low-cost service gaining market share. We gave our customers even more this year by expanding our FedEx Home Delivery network, which serves the business-to-consumer market, to reach virtually 100 per- cent of the United States. This innovative residential delivery service doubled its number of customers in a year and became profitable in the second quarter, well ahead of schedule.
Internationally, our unsurpassed worldwide FedEx Express net- work continued to lead the market with FedEx International Priority volume up 9 percent year-over-year. Based on regional growth prospects, we doubled our capacity between Europe
and Asia and opened a new hub in Toronto that will improve connections between Canada, the United States and other key markets.
A major additional growth opportunity rests in potential syner- gies between our operating companies – part of our “operate independently, compete collectively” business model. By oper- ating our major transportation networks independently, we can flexibly expand or contract each business as customer demands dictate. At the same time, we can create unique, cus- tomized supply chain solutions for customers, using our various operating companies.
For example, FedEx Freight began offering less-than-container- load ocean service to and from Europe through a sister company, FedEx Trade Networks. The two teamed up again, along with FedEx Ground, to offer service from Asia to the United States via our new Ocean-Ground Distribution service. Customers benefit from faster transit times and reduced shipment handling that translate into increased efficiency and lower operating costs.
As these examples illustrate, we are keenly focused on the “compete collectively” part of our strategy. In the same vein, our sales team is taking full advantage of the power of our port- folio by selling express services in ground-intensive industries. Our award-winning Web site – the first to offer online shipping and tracking – was relaunched this year to make it easier for customers to access the complete range of FedEx services.
Maintaining Cost Control
While we are dedicated to growing, we know that we also must keep a watchful eye on costs and expenses to reach our financial goal of increasing net income at a pace that exceeds our top-line revenue growth and generates solid positive cash flow.
To these ends, at FedEx Express, we took several measures this year to reduce our cost structure. By carefully manag- ing aircraft capacity, consolidating facilities and improving productivity, we reduced FedEx Express capital expendi- tures by 15 percent. We recently offered voluntary early retirement and severance incentives to certain U.S.-based salaried staff at FedEx Express. The incentives are expected to save about $150 million to $190 million a year in FY05 and
3

4
beyond. In addition, to stem escalating pension costs, we introduced a Portable Pension Account that will result in long- term savings.
Overall, FedEx Corporation continued to reduce capital spending in FY03, even as we invest in high-return projects. For example, one of our largest capital commitments over the next six years will be to nearly double our daily capacity at FedEx Ground, based on anticipated continued growth. This $1.8-billion expansion plan includes the addition, relocation or expansion of more than 330 operating facilities.
We also have initiatives underway to grow revenue without adding assets. That’s exactly what we did with our U.S. Postal Service contract. This agreement, which helped boost our U.S. Express freight revenues, uses existing aircraft that would otherwise be idle during the day.
All of these initiatives are part of our commitment to achieving our stated financial goals – growing EPS by 10 to 15 percent, improving financial returns and generating strong cash flow.
Delivering Certainty in Uncertain Times
We look to the future with confidence and energy. We have a solid strategy, a strong franchise in the FedEx brand – one of the world’s most admired – and the potential for growth and improved results as the economy improves.
FedEx is dedicated to delivering certainty, even in uncertain times. As we move forward, we will focus on five critical themes, which we illustrate in the stories of FedEx employees, customers and strategic alliances beginning on the following pages of this report:
• Vision: It’s the foundation of any successful business, and it starts with the management team. Our core strategy is clear and reinforced throughout the organization through effective communications.
• Service: We must continue to streamline all our internal processes that touch the customer to deliver a flawless expe- rience every time. We are delighted at being ranked highest in the J.D. Power and Associates 2002 Small Package Delivery Service Business Customer Satisfaction StudySM for air, ground and international delivery services, and we look for- ward to raising the service bar even higher.
• People: Our diverse and talented employees around the world are united in their absolutely, positively, whatever-it-takes spirit. No matter which operating company they work for, their teamwork and their commitment run purple.
• Innovation: We will continue to invest in new technologies such as a real-time wireless pocket PC that gives our FedEx Express couriers fast wireless access to the FedEx network.
• Value: As we add more value to our customers’ businesses, we believe we can also create more value for our shareowners.
As a final note, I would like to welcome two new members to the FedEx Board of Directors – August A. Busch IV, president of Anheuser-Busch, Inc., and John A. Edwardson, chairman and chief executive officer of CDW Corporation. In addition, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to Ralph D. DeNunzio and F. Sheridan Garrison, who are retiring from the Board, for their service to FedEx. Their wise counsel and hard work have benefited our company greatly.
With a strong leadership team, a clear vision for the future and great people committed to delivering superior customer service, we believe we have the components for continued success. We look forward to a good FY04 for our customers, our teammates and our shareowners.
Sincerely,
Frederick W. Smith
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 