Fiscal 1996 was a successful year, though challenging in some respects, as FedEx remained focused on its mission of a nticipating, then answering, the world's surging demand for rapid, reliable, time­ definite express distribution and logisti cs services. • Worldwide revenues topped $10 billion, a robust increase of 9 percent versus the prior year. Net income was up 3 percent to $308 million. This year's operating profit was constrained by costs related to the September 1995 start-up of the new FedEx AsiaOne® network. The earnings impact of that investment was somewhat offset by approximately
$50 million in tax savings from the expiration of the federal excise tax on transportation of property by air. • Overa ll, earnings - though strong at $5.39 per share - fell below our expectations primarily because of two factors: a sof ter-than-expec ted international airfreight market , and unprecedented harsh winter weather in the United States and its related costs .
Aligned for  the  Future,   Weathering   the   Storms   To put the year's slow international airfreight market in context, remem­ ber that FedEx has developed its global network to deliver time-definite express shipments for cus tomers . In fact, FedEx International Priority® express shipments grew by 18 percent this year alone.
•	However, to optimize our aircraft load factors and profit  potential, we fill unused capacity in our aircraft by  carrying  lower-yileding  and less service-sensitive, non-express, international airfreight. This lets
 
us generate additional revenueas the volume of time-definite, door-to­ door express shipments grows into our next increment of capacity. The weaker airfreight market resulted in $26 million less internationa l air­ freight revenue than the previous year, during a time when we were significantly increasing our in tern ational express capacity by more than 20 percent. • During fiscal 1996, we dramatically improved our global express distribution capability with the inauguration of the FedEx AsiaOne network. This system includes both int ra -Asian and As ia-to-N or th America daily all-cargo flights centered on our new intercont inental sorting hub at Subic Bay, Philippines. • Given the next-business -day delivery capability FedEx AsiaOne provides - both among Asia's commercia l centers and between As ia  and North America - FedEx has assumed a clear, competitive advantage within the world's fastest-growing trade region. • Aggr essively chal­ lenging international regulatory barriers has helped FedEx erect an unmatched network of global route authorities. Going forward , we con­ tinue to advocate an "open skies" approach to air cargo, on our customers' behalf, in order to deliver fair and equa l access to world markets. • While softness in this year's international airfreight market made the introduction of our intra-Asian service more cha llenging, FedEx AsiaOne is a long-term investmentthat, as international express volumes expand, should only enhance our earnings potential for years to come.
•	Meanwhile, weather dealt the U.S. economy in general, and FedEx
 
in particular, historic blows during fiscal 1996. Blizzards and ice storms snarled traffic, closed airports, disrupted entire cities and slowed commerce throughout much of the Northeast during our third quarter. • With millions in lost revenue, plus added costs to maintain service levels, these once-in-a-half-century weather events exacted a
$30 million toll on our operating profits for the year. Despite that, oper­ ating profits from our U.S. operations increased $77 million for  the year, a 16 percent improvement over the prior year.
Managing Our Profitability Despite bad weather and a weak non-expre ss, international airfreight market, fiscal 1996 included many noteworthy achievements. For example, the year's final two quarters were the first in more than five years in which FedEx was able to reverse declines in our U.S. domestic yield, or average rev­ enue per package. This improvement can be attributed to several factors, including:
■	Continued market leadership and excellent volume growth in the
high-yielding U.S. express package business;
■	A systematic, customer-by-customer assessment of our pricing, bringing each shipper's rates more in line with the cost of servicing that business;
■	List price increases on certain services and surcharges;and
■	Aggressive expansion of our high-value service offerings to include new, earli er-in -the -day delivery options.
Company-wide cost-containment and productivity init iatives also con­ tinued during fiscal 1996. Thes e key trends - improving yields, controlling costs and managing productivity - are the ones we'll look to sustain as we continue to aggressively manage all aspects of our profit equation.
Moving Forward   with   Leadership,   Vision   Guiding our organization is a "new" executive management team. In reality, the creation of an Executive Management Committee during fiscal 1996 sim ply formalizes the long-term strategic decision-making roles of three seasoned, talented individuals: Theodore L. Weise, executive vice
 
president of worldwide operations; Alan B. Graf, Jr., executive vice president and chief financial officer; and Kenneth R. Masterson, exec­ utive vice president, general counsel and secretary. • FedEx and its stockholders have good reason to look ahead with confidence. While fluctuations in weather and market conditions can and will throw an occasional wrinkle in our business plans, the long-term, fundamental facts are clear:
■	In a global marketplac e, t im e, distance and information are
increasingly at the core of virtually every business transaction. As a result, shippers in ever-growing numbers are relying on rapid, time­ definite, information-enhanced express distribution services to move products, parts and materials worldwide.
■	FedEx is the world's express distribution leader. We offer shippers
more daily cargo capacity than any other air carr ier,and an integrat ed global information and distribution network that continues to evolve strategically. This network is unique and cannot easily be replicated , especially considering international regulatory constraints.
■	FedEx understands there is no such thing as a "glide path" to sus­
tained profitabil it y and market lead ership in our i ndus t ry. Ins tea d , we're continually applying new information technologies, strategic management initiativ es and  aggressive  marketing  strategies  to  bet­ ter connect with customers, reduce operating costs and impr ove profitability.
For fiscal year 1997 and beyond, these are the facts that will continue to shape our vision and guide our actions, as we deliver exceptional global service for our customers and a world of opportunity for our stockholders.




Frederick W Smith
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

