To Our Valued Shareholders:
We are pleased to share this summary of our 2011 fi
nancial and business highlights. In addition to delivering strong
financial results, FIS™
succeeded in expanding client relationships and further advancing our position as the global
financial technology leader.
Throughout the year, we continued to see evidence of a gradual market recovery, increased stability within the fi
nancial
institution industry and improving confi
dence levels among our clients. Demand for our technology solutions continues
to grow as existing and prospective clients focus on improving effi
ciency and reducing their operating costs, managing
through regulatory change and gaining a competitive advantage in the market. While we expect that 2012 will continue to
be a period of transition for many fi
nancial institutions, we believe that the overall industry outlook continues to improve.
Performance Driven
During 2011, FIS achieved strong results that met the revenue and earnings per share outlook that we provided at
the beginning of the year. Revenue rose 9.0% to a record $5.7 billion. Incremental revenue from acquisitions, coupled
with solid growth within FIS’ base business contributed to our solid results. Organic revenue growth improved to 5.2%
compared to 3.2% organic growth in 2010, driven by increased investment spending by fi
nancial institutions and the
successful execution of our global business strategy.
The investments we have made to develop new products and further integrate our solutions are producing tangible
benefits and driving profi
table growth for our company. In North America alone, we supported more than 100 core
platform conversions and 270 bill payment conversions in 2011. We also benefi
tted from continued strength in our
Internet banking and next-generation core solutions. Increased adoption drove strong growth within our mobile
channel, and we surpassed 1.5 million mobile endpoints during the year.
Our international business continues to play a key role in our growth strategy and now represents approximately 20% of
total company revenue. International revenue grew 28.4% to $1.2 billion in 2011 and increased 21.7% organically, driven
by solid results across all major regions. We benefi
tted from strong growth in Brazil, where we are the largest third-party
card processor. Our European business also performed very well, driven by strong growth in our consulting practice as
well as our traditional processing businesses. We also continue to expand our client base in key markets across the Asia
Pacific region, including China, India, Thailand and Australia, where we are seeing increasing demand for our account
processing and payment solutions.
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to FIS common stockholders rose to $494 million or $1.61 per
diluted share in 2011, an increase of 26.8% compared to 2010. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations, which
excludes certain non-operating costs (see Footnote #1 on the inside front cover), increased 12.4% to $2.27 per diluted
share in 2011.