To Our Valued Shareholders: We are pleased to share this summary of our 2010 financial and operating performance. The year was one of significant accomplishments for our company, marked by strong financial results and improving sales momentum, and reinforced by our ongoing commitment to client satisfaction and operational excellence. Throughout 2010, we saw evidence of a gradual market recovery, including a meaningful increase in investment decisions by many of our clients. This is in contrast to 2009 when most financial institutions focused solely on managing risk and strengthening their balance sheets. While regulatory changes and a potential increase in bank consolidation are creating some uncertainty in the market, it is premature to determine how those changes will impact our clients, and ultimately FIS. As was the case during the recent market downturn, our employees continue to focus on helping our clients operate more efficiently, compete more effectively and navigate the changing landscape, all of which serve to further strengthen the overall FIS brand and drive solid financial results. Financial Strength We are proud to have achieved the financial targets we outlined for 2010. Revenue, earnings per share and free cash flow exceeded our expectations. Revenue rose to a record $5.3 billion in 2010 compared to $3.7 billion in 2009. The majority of this increase is attributable to the Metavante acquisition in October 2009. Organic growth, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency, improved to 3.2% in 2010. Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to FIS common stockholders increased to $448 million or $1.27 per diluted share in 2010, compared to $0.44 per diluted share in 2009. Earnings growth, coupled with prudent balance sheet management, produced cash flow from operations in excess of $1.0 billion, which we used to repay debt, fund capital investments and acquisitions, pay shareholder dividends and repurchase stock. On an adjusted basis, net earnings from continuing operations increased to $711 million or $2.02 per diluted share in 2010, compared to $1.65 per diluted share in 2009. Adjusted free cash flow totaled $791 million in 2010 compared to $607 million in 2009. FIS began 2010 with approximately $3.2 billion in debt, and successfully completed a $2.5 billion leveraged recapitalization in August. In connection with the recapitalization, we extended a majority of our existing credit facilities and raised an additional $2.5 billion to fund the repurchase of 86.2 million shares of our common stock at $29 per share. We subsequently repaid $500 million, resulting in debt outstanding of approximately $5.2 billion as of December 31. Improving revenue growth, solid execution on our commitments and increased investor confidence regarding an overall economic recovery contributed to a 16.9% increase in our stock price in 2010, compared to a 12.8% increase in the S&P 500® index and an 11.0% increase in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. This marks the third consecutive year that FIS has outperformed the broader market indices.

Operational Excellence FIS places a high priority on teamwork and working together as one global organization to solve the business needs of our clients, as well as to ensure consistent, high levels of customer satisfaction. Since completing the Metavante acquisition in October of 2009, our management team and employees have worked tirelessly to execute the integration plan and accomplish our planned synergy objectives while minimizing any adverse client impact and distractions in the market. We have made substantial progress toward achieving our targeted cost savings, and we are on track to complete the project by the end of 2011. Another key accomplishment in 2010 was the successful conversion of Banco Bradesco's card portfolio to our Brazilian card processing operation, which further solidifies FIS' position as the leading third-party card processor in Brazil. We are extremely proud of the commitment from our employees and partners in moving this project to a highly successful completion. We had many other noteworthy achievements in 2010, but are most proud of the fact that our employees remained focused on serving our clients during a highly transitional year for our company. Market Leadership FIS continues to strengthen its market leadership position by expanding key client relationships and winning new business. Our Financial Solutions Group, which generated approximately $1.9 billion in revenue in 2010, completed more than 60 new core processing agreements. The Payment Solutions Group, which generated $2.5 billion in revenue, added more than 100 new pin debit clients and signed three new "Top 30" bill payment clients, including Harris Bank. And, FIS is the only financial technology provider to offer core banking, payment and consulting capabilities on a global basis. Our International Solutions Group generated more than $834 million in revenue in 2010 and further expanded its global footprint with new and existing clients. In December, we completed the acquisition of Capco, a global leader in business transformation services dedicated solely to the financial services industry. Capco is well known for its thought leadership, clientcentric approach and strong domain expertise. The combination of Capco's consulting capabilities with FIS' breadth of technology solutions better positions FIS to capture a greater percentage of the total financial technology spend. FIS also continues to invest in new product development on behalf of our clients. We recently launched a new low-cost, prepaid electronic financial account that enables consumers to make electronic deposits and payments as an alternative to traditional demand deposit accounts. Additionally, we announced a new mobile banking app which allows consumers to set up mobile account management from start to finish through an iPhone® using their debit card.

We are very proud of the growing awareness of the FIS global brand and industry recognition around the world. FIS received multiple industry awards in 2010, including the following: · Winner of the IBM® Beacon Award for the company's "Outstanding Enterprise Application Solution" for technical excellence and innovative solutions based on its core Profile® conversion for Government Savings Bank (GSB) in Thailand Recognized by Celent, a leading industry research and consulting firm, for "Outstanding Customer Service" during the implementation of the company's mobile banking solutions to more than 200 institutions Named Company of the Year for "Operational Excellence and Quality" at the economictimes.com BPO Industry Awards in New Delhi

·

·

Accelerating Success Looking ahead to 2011, we will continue to focus on driving revenue growth and continuing the sales momentum we achieved in 2010. We expect that our clients will continue to invest in new technology and believe that we are well-positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities as the overall market continues to recover. We recognize that our success depends on our ability to consistently provide the best products and services in the industry. Our company has a strong foundation and we are proud of our past achievements. However, we must remain diligent in serving each and every client to the best of our ability in order to continue winning in the market and in turn, drive sustainable earnings growth for our shareholders. On behalf of the FIS Board of Directors, we thank our clients and shareholders for their ongoing support and our employees for their hard work and commitment to excellence. Sincerely,

William P. Foley II Chairman of the Board

Frank R. Martire President and Chief Executive Officer

