To Our Valued Shareholders:
We are pleased to mark 2013 as a year of both record financial performance and seminal strategic accomplishments for our company. FISTM revenue surpassed $6 billion for the first time in history, and we achieved our third consecutive year of 5% organic growth. Diligent strategic execution delivered significant shareholder returns, achieving double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth for the sixth year in a row and the return of a record $732 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. These accomplishments are driven by a singular focus on the financial services industry and the ability to evolve our business to meet the increasingly complex needs of our clients. Validating our strengths and accomplishments, we are proud to rank No. 1 on the annual FinTech 100 list for the third consecutive year and be named to the Forbes Most Innovative Companies list ­ the only FinTech 100 provider to achieve both of these distinctions. These results and recognition underscore the unique value we deliver to our clients, who number more than 14,000 across the globe, and the opportunity we offer to our shareholders.

Leveraging Opportunity to Enable Transformational Change

Despite the residuals from a challenging economic environment, our clients are looking forward, making future-focused investment decisions to simplify their operations and identify cost efficiencies to drive incremental or wholesale transformational change. Emerging macro-trends that connect financial institutions and consumers through new digital channels and provide instant access to information and commerce are the driving forces behind our clients' technology investments ­ and enhancing our position as a leader driving that evolution. As we envision the future, we continue to explore the many ways we've successfully leveraged our role as a strategic partner with our clients. For more than 45 years, the key drivers of our success have been grounded in the extensive industry knowledge of our people and our unwavering focus on our clients' requirements for success. The results have culminated in a differentiated solutions portfolio unmatched in the industry, which includes strategic consulting and product and services expertise on a global scale, all backed by deep industry acumen. With our insights and alignment, we are strategically positioned to drive transformational change in the industry and continue to accelerate the success of our clients as we work together to address opportunities and meet the markets' most pressing needs to: ·  ·   ·   ·    ·  Create New Revenue Streams ­ Developing new revenue opportunities while gaining greater wallet share Drive Increased Efficiencies ­ Creating a more agile, intelligent and efficient business model for clients while reducing cost and complexities and connecting their front and back offices Improve Speed to Market and Customer Satisfaction ­ Offering substantial expertise in  managing and improving banking and payments technologies, processes and knowledge services to enhance delivery and customer experience in a cost-effective manner Capitalize on the Digital Revolution ­ Enabling anytime, anywhere commercial and consumer solutions while successfully providing innovative technologies to address the rapid rise of mobile channels and the new opportunities in personalized services, as well as leveraging data analytics to drive growth and differentiation Navigate New Risk ­ Providing new solutions to manage compliance, risk and  cybersecurity with innovation, ever-increasing diligence and unique industry qualifications

Delivering Consistent, Profitable Growth

In 2013, consistent execution of our business strategy enabled us to perpetuate our strong track record of profitable growth, balance sheet strength and return of substantial cash to shareholders. Continuing to build global scale and financial optimization, we finished the year with:
·  ·   · ·  · Record revenue of $6.1 billion, an increase of 5% from 2012, driven by positive progress in  all operating segments of our business Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations of $831 million, or $2.83 per diluted  share, an increase of 13% per share resulting in a five-year compound annual growth rate  in adjusted EPS of 14% Operating cash flow of $1.1 billion and free cash flow of $826 million Investments of $336 million in capital expenditures to further expand and strengthen our  solutions set A strong balance sheet, achieving investment grade credit ratings from all three agencies

Our total shareholder return was 57% in 2013 and 253% over a five-year horizon, outperforming both the S&P 500® and our peer group. We are proud of these accomplishments and remain focused on driving performance in the future. We continue to execute a disciplined capital allocation strategy, leveraging strong free cash flow to create value for our shareholders over the long term. Investing to grow our business ­ both organically and through tuck-in acquisitions ­ and drive operational efficiency, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchase remain our company's priorities. Reflecting this strong financial performance and confidence in the future of our business, our board approved an increase of 9% in our quarterly dividend and a new $2 billion share repurchase program in early 2014. We have aligned our strengths and resources to many of the most vital market opportunities, which resulted in 2013 accomplishments such as: ·      ·      ·        Driving Payments Evolution ­ FIS continues to deliver game-changing payments  innovation with Payment Solutions revenue growing to $2.5 billion in 2013. Moving more than $5 trillion annually, FIS is an established leader in the payments landscape.  Launching our FIS Mobile Wallet with Cardless Cash Access, being tapped by MCX to power  their new mobile commerce payments network and winning an expansive ATM implementation  in India ­ our largest contract ever in Asia ­ are achievements we expect to drive future growth. Expanding Digital Finance and Core Leadership ­ Financial Solutions revenue climbed  4% to $2.3 billion in 2013 building on our strength in core processing and services, digital  delivery channels and strategic consulting. We are enabling clients to deliver customer- focused digital strategies and manage vast transaction and dollar flow. Our continued  investments in mobile innovation delivered significant growth in 2013 with the number of  mobile clients increasing by 22% over the prior year and reaching 24 million end users. Building International Scale ­ International Solutions generated record revenue of $1.3 billion in 2013, up 11% on an organic basis for the year and continuing a trend  of double-digit compound annual growth. With a strategy of building meaningful scale in  the markets we serve, we have created an unequalled brand in the market with  many success stories, including Asia where we now provide core banking solutions to eight of  the 10 largest financial institutions in Thailand, Europe where we signed our largest  outsourcing transaction with a U.K. financial institution in 2013 and Latin America where  we are expanding our presence.

·     ·      

Investing in Innovation ­ We continue to make investments in existing solutions, in  early stage companies and in the incubation of disruptive technologies that will challenge  the industry. The recent launch of our innovative GenNOWTM offering combining mobile  and prepaid capabilities is proof of our continued focus on investing in innovation that  drives the market forward. Raising the Bar in Cybersecurity ­ Tackling the challenges of a quickly evolving  cyberworld and regulatory landscape, we have made substantial progress in  addressing security and compliance needs and continue to drive new standards  across the industry through our "Secure by Design" philosophy. We have also engaged in  new strategic partnerships with the Department of Homeland Security National  Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center (NCCIC) and Microsoft's Digital  Crimes Unit that are enhancing our cybersecurity programs.

Our investment strategy has led to innovation advancements and far-reaching influences, shaping the financial services industry. The large and growing markets we serve provide a significant runway for organic growth as we continue to optimize our business model strengths.

Driving a Resilient Business Model

For our shareholders, our business model has delivered consistent performance built on recurring revenue under long-term contracts, robust margins and strong cash flow. This resiliency is the result of deep client relationships formed over years of successfully delivering mission-critical technologies that power the daily operations of more than 14,000 clients across the globe. Our business model is unique within the industry, encompassing technology, strategic consulting and outsourcing solutions and services underpinned by global scale. We employ a market-focused approach making our offerings more aligned to buyer needs and cultural requirements encompassing:  ·   ·   ·  More than 10,600 North American financial institutions where FIS is a clear leader in this space, providing integrated core processing and payment solutions International financial institutions in more than 110 countries in EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin America Global financial institutions comprised of the world's largest financial entities, representing more than $40 trillion in assets

Focusing Forward

By any measure, 2013 was a tremendous year. Our proven business model has enabled FIS to deliver a consistent track record of growth, while our industry-leading capabilities combined with the large and dynamic markets we serve provide FIS with a tremendous opportunity for future expansion. We are aligning our strategic investments in key markets, and innovative solutions with our clients' evolving needs, while focusing on delivering superior returns to our shareholders. Our successes tie directly to our 39,000 employees worldwide, whose hard work, knowledge and skills service our clients extraordinarily well. We would like to thank our employees, shareholders, clients and board of directors for their ongoing commitment to leading the future of the financial services industry. We are proud of our accomplishments and are excited about our prospects in 2014 and beyond.

Sincerely,

Frank Martire 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  

Gary Norcross
President and Chief Operating Officer

