To Our Shareholders:

The merger between Fidelity National Information Services and Certegy, which was completed February 1, 2006, created one of the largest financial institution technology processing and services companies in the world. With combined annual revenues approaching $4 billion, the "new FIS" is uniquely positioned as a world-class provider of data processing, payment, risk management and information services to financial institutions, retailers and real estate professionals. Our Rich History As separate companies, Fidelity and Certegy enjoyed leading market share positions, operated in similar markets and served the same customer segments with complementary product offerings. Over the past decade, our parent company, Fidelity National Financial, assimilated a formidable core processing and information services organization through a series of strategic acquisitions of companies that provide technology solutions to financial institutions, and businesses that deliver real estate related services and information. The most significant steps in the recent growth of Fidelity National Information Services include the acquisitions of core bank processors such as the financial services division of ALLTEL Information Services, Aurum Technology, Intercept and Sanchez Computer Associates. FIS also acquired Kordoba, which provides information technology solutions primarily to financial institutions in Germany, and Vista Information Solutions, Inc., a provider of information applications and services. Certegy established itself as the nation's leading provider of card issuer services for community banks and credit unions and as the leading provider of check risk management services for the nation's top retailers. During the past decade, the

2

William P . Foley, II Chairman of the Board

Lee A. Kennedy President and Chief Executive Officer

company expanded its card and check operations internationally to serve customers in over 25 countries. More recently, the company broadened its product line to include e-banking services through the acquisition of Netzee. Certegy further diversified its business mix to include cash access services to the gaming industry through the acquisition of Game Financial Corporation and certain assets of Fast Funds and its wholly owned subsidiary, Chex Services. A Powerful Combination The combination of these two organizations is extremely compelling. The boundaries between companies that provide core financial processing and those that provide payment processing are diminishing rapidly. We firmly believe that being at the forefront of this evolution gives our company a distinct competitive advantage. The new FIS serves more vertical markets, has greater multi-product capabilities, more distribution channels, broader geographic reach and greater scale than our competitors. We enjoy leading market positions across multiple business segments and serve customers in over 60 countries around the globe. Our comprehensive suite of products and services is unmatched in the industry. A Customer Centric Focus We achieve success by helping our clients succeed. We believe that institutions who partner with us will benefit from our broad industry expertise, our ability to help them achieve greater operating efficiencies within their businesses, and our strong commitment to help them better serve their customers, which is of paramount importance in their choice of a processing partner.

3

Our community based financial institution clients benefit from our full-service, integrated, single-source technology solutions. Our comprehensive product suite, which includes core loan and deposit processing, item processing and imaging, e-banking services and credit and debit card processing solutions, enables them to compete effectively in an ever-changing marketplace. Our large financial institution clients benefit from our advanced information technologybased solutions, which, in addition to running core applications and providing technical support, also provide seamless interfaces among disparate systems. Of equal importance, our customers benefit from our strong leadership position and industry expertise gained from over 40 years of experience in providing banking services to top-tier financial institutions. Our customers who provide mortgage lending, servicing and real estate related services benefit from our immense scale, leading technology and vast information database, which enable them to make more informed decisions, mitigate risk and operate their businesses more efficiently. Our customers in the retail and gaming industries also benefit from our ability to manage risk and process consumer transactions efficiently and expeditiously. Finally, our customers outside the United States benefit from our local market presence, global expertise and our ability to help them conduct operations across multiple geographic regions by leveraging our strategically located operating centers around the globe.

4

A Strong Business Model Our business model is driven by highly diversified product lines, multi-year contracts, and high customer retention rates. We believe the trend of our customers to outsource technology and centralize operations will continue to generate growth opportunities for our company. We are also confident in our ability to leverage our newly combined product offerings and customer bases to further enhance our growth rates over time. We are keenly focused on achieving meaningful cost efficiencies and operating leverage. All of these factors position us to achieve steady long-term growth, strong profitability and excellent free cash flow. We will also maintain our disciplined approach to strategic acquisitions in order to achieve greater scale, additional product capabilities and broader market reach. A Strong Commitment Our highly talented and dedicated team is deeply committed to serving our customers and driving additional value for our shareholders. Our management team has a high level of industry expertise, a proven track record of integration and execution, and high expectations for the future. We are extremely excited about the opportunities that lie ahead of us, and we look forward to updating you on our progress. Sincerely,

William P . Foley, II Chairman of the Board

Lee A. Kennedy President and Chief Executive Officer

5

