To Our Fellow Shareholders
To say the financial services industry has been "challenging" during the past couple of years would be an understatement. Talk of survival, losses and failure was so prevalent in 2009 that the public became almost numb to the impact of what those words really meant. Because we lived this reality arm-in-arm with our clients each day, we never did. In conversations where those words were present, we felt our clients' trepidation about what might happen next. Would their community lose a trusted icon? Would a loyal employee be lost to a layoff? Would a local entrepreneur running a small business be suddenly forced to close his doors? Although market conditions have stabilized and begun to improve ­ at least on a relative basis ­ we don't expect the financial services market to return to its past position. For some, that is a scary proposition; yet for others, the news couldn't be better. We strongly bias to the latter, and, as such, believe there will be significant opportunities for Fiserv clients to grow through purposeful innovation. We find that prospect to be energizing and exciting.

3

As part of what we do, we are in constant dialogue with clients and prospects. In some cases, our conversations centered on a solution that could help capture a unique opportunity or overcome a regulatory challenge. In other interactions, we offered words of support and an empathetic ear. Our clients are our friends, and often, our friends are our clients. We aren't spectators sitting in the stands passively watching events unfold. We are all in, all the time. Our confidence in the long-term strength of the financial services industry has never wavered. Would there be short-term pain? Yes. Would the economic crisis change the composition of the financial industry? You bet. Would there be new, better opportunities for clients in this changed environment? Most certainly. Would this be good for Fiserv? Absolutely. The dynamic market has led us to an even stronger focus on service, delivery, integration and innovation. We are providing value to our clients at a time when they need it the most.

$4.00

$3.66

3.00

2.00

1.00

0 06 07 08 09

Adjusted earnings per share CAGR: 18%

Strength in Numbers
We established three priorities in 2009 to help shareholders assess our performance and strategic progress:

$700 600 500 400 300 200 100 0 06 07 08

$668

Meet our earnings commitments while maintaining capital flexibility Continue our integration efforts with an increased focus on revenue opportunities and product innovation Enhance our go-to-market approach leading to increased sales results to new and existing clients
We continue to manage the Company ­ your company -- to optimize long-term performance while delivering near-term earnings results. We have increased our investment in new products that will move the market. Enhancing differentiation remains a top priority. We are managing proactively and pragmatically to stay ahead of the shifting environment. Even as revenue declined slightly in 2009, adjusted earnings per share increased by 10 percent to $3.66 ­ highlighting the benefits of our diverse client base and resilient business model. Over the last two years, we have grown adjusted earnings per share by nearly 40 percent while increasing our investment in new products and capabilities, all in the midst of what historians will eventually refer to as a once-in-a-century market event. Free cash flow was up 11 percent for the year to a record $668 million, and free cash flow per share increased by an even greater percentage. Adjusted operating margin, a critical measure of business health, continued to shine. Our adjusted operating margin expanded by 110 basis points in 2009, and has grown by 580 basis points since 2006. This performance reflects the quality of our business model and the multiple sources of our attractive earnings growth.

09

Free cash flow (in millions) CAGR: 21%

30%

28.7%

25

20

15 06 07 08 09

Adjusted operating margin 580 bps improvement

4

2009 presented a larger-than-expected number of opportunities to showcase our technology solutions across the globe. We kept our attention on an external market that was transforming before our eyes, and leveraged our deep industry knowledge to launch several, significant new products such as Acumen , our next-generation credit union account processing platform. We invested in game-changing technology solutions, such as person-to-person payments and analytics-as-a-service, both of which highlight our focus on integration and innovation. We also continued to receive accolades for excellence in account processing, bill payment, and Internet and mobile banking.
TM

We contend that the true test is how often participants vote for our technology. In 2009, we won more of the contests for our market-leading solutions than we did in the prior year. Not just in terms of a greater percentage of the available transactions, but these transactions were larger and contained more content than we have seen before. In addition, integrated sales to existing clients increased 36 percent over a strong 2008, highlighting the continuing momentum of our Fiserv 2.0 sales program.

Defining a New Culture
We took important steps toward defining a new culture for Fiserv as we celebrated our 25th anniversary in 2009. First, we launched a powerful new brand identity to further punctuate our leadership position in the financial technology industry. But a new look, no matter how compelling, is not enough. The real strength of a brand does not lie within a logo or a color palette. The essence of a brand is in the emotional connection that is created through the quality of the experiences one has with it. We have successfully transferred the energy that had been present across our portfolio of brands to our now unified market presence and continued to strengthen our market approach, giving us a firm foundation for the future.
Jeff Yabuki, President and CEO

We celebrated our 25th anniversary by giving back. Our associates engaged in a program to donate at least 25,000 hours in the communities in which we live and work. We quickly passed that initial goal, and as of this writing our people have volunteered more than 50,000 hours. We couldn't be more proud of our associates' contributions to making the world a better place at a time when it's needed the most. We introduced a common slate of values to serve as a basis for decisions and as a guide to expected behaviors. The Fiserv Values were developed to focus our efforts in support of our mission.

Our Mission
To provide integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients.

Earn client trust every day. Create with purpose. Inspire and achieve excellence. Do the right thing. Deliver on the promise of one Fiserv.

5

Don Dillon, Chairman of the Board, with Jeff Yabuki, President and CEO

Over the last two years, in what historians will eventually refer to as a once-in-a-century market event, we have grown adjusted earnings per share by nearly 40 percent while increasing our investment in new products.

6

Our values ­ elegant in their simplicity ­ form a foundation for us to grow. These promises will anchor our actions for the next 25 years as we continue to provide leading technology and services solutions. Most importantly, the overarching element of the Fiserv culture is an unwavering commitment to client success.

Leading for Growth
" There are always two choices. Two paths to take. One is easy and its only reward is that it's easy. "
­ Unknown

There are few people, if any, who believe the financial services business is easy right now. We certainly would not disagree. However, we recognize that ease and opportunity are different, and we see a wealth of opportunity available today. Over the earlier part of the decade, it was far simpler for banks, thrifts and credit unions -- at least comparatively speaking -- to grow earnings and market share. And as industry participants, we all benefited from the adage "a rising tide lifts all boats. " As nice as that was, we didn't rest on our laurels. We continued to evolve our business model and are well-prepared for the future. As the economy shows the early signs of what we believe will be an elongated recovery, the industry is faced with choices around growth and leadership. The economic dislocation that we experienced has permanently altered consumers' attitudes and behaviors toward interaction with -- and what they expect from -- their financial services providers. Whether through online bill payment, mobile banking or remotely depositing funds, consumers and businesses are transacting differently -- and that evolution will continue. The digital transformation is upon us. Consequently, our focus is balanced between delivering results today, and providing new, innovative technology solutions that will enhance franchise value for our clients well into the future. We have been investing in the midst of the economic storm because we believe the financial services industry will emerge stronger than ever. You can take that to the bank. Our industry is at a tipping point. Change is everywhere, and we see significant opportunities on the horizon. Most importantly, we know what we have to do to get there. The rewards are significant for those who are willing to lead. We prefer the view from the front, and wouldn't have it any other way.

Jeffery W. Yabuki President and Chief Executive Officer

Donald F . Dillon Chairman of the Board

7

