2007 was a year of action.
During the last year, we took important strides for the
future. Some actions got headlines; others did not. The
highlights include driving strong results in our initial year
of Fiserv 2.0 execution, exiting businesses where we
lacked competitive advantage, and completing our
$4.4 billion acquisition of CheckFree
Corporation. Through these actions, we
intentionally re-shaped the company –
equipping ourselves with the premier
suite of technology solutions to serve
the evolving needs of the financial
services industry and its consumers.
We entered the year with significant
momentum resulting from the launch
of Fiserv 2.0, our strategic framework
for the future. That plan serves as a platform
for our overarching objective to provide Fiserv clients
with highly valued products and integrated technology
solutions, to enable them to best serve their customers.
We are 100% committed to that belief. By putting our
clients at the center of the Fiserv universe, we should
provide very attractive long-term returns for
our shareholders.
Our first full year of executing against
our Fiserv 2.0 strategies was a success.
We exceeded our integrated sales
and operational effectiveness targets.
We managed capital proactively and
added appropriate leverage to our
balance sheet in connection with the
CheckFree acquisition. We also added
several key leaders to help us accomplish
our long-term objectives.
The biggest news of the year occurred on August 2, 2007
when we announced our acquisition of CheckFree. This
acquisition punctuated our commitment to providing the
best technology solutions for clients. It also underscored
the importance of expanding our leadership position
in payments, Internet banking and risk management
solutions. The combination of Fiserv and CheckFree
forever changes the financial services processing
landscape and adds velocity to our Fiserv 2.0 initiatives.
Over the last several years the financial services industry
has been driving robust growth for much of the data
processing sector. The global credit crisis, combined with
a weakening U.S. economy, has negatively impacted
the near-term outlook for the financial services industry.
While we would prefer a stronger overall business
environment, we believe that our recurring revenue
business model, diverse client base and industry-leading
products should allow us to continue to deliver solid results.
We also believe that in today’s market more institutions
will consider outsourcing as a way to reduce costs, and
that our broad set of solutions positions us well to deliver
that value. We remain optimistic about our future.
2007 Operating Performance
Our financial performance was strong in 2007. We
achieved 10% revenue growth for the year – extending
our track record of double-digit revenue growth. We
continued our focus on expanding operating margins,
which together with revenue growth, resulted in a
15% increase in adjusted earnings per share from
continuing operations. We believe the strength of our
business model and the sources of our revenue growth
will provide for continuing improvements in operating
margin for the foreseeable future.
Within Fiserv, we view free cash
flow as one of the most critical
operating measures of business
strength. Free cash flow from
continuing operations was
up 15% to $438 million.
We used the majority of
our free cash flow last year
to repurchase more than eight
million shares of Fiserv stock.
Serving clients extraordinarily well is what we do
each and every day. Our client satisfaction remained
near record levels, with more than 85%
willing to promote our products
and services. While we are
pleased with that strong
performance, we believe
there are a number of
opportunities to enhance
the already strong bond
that exists between us
and our clients
Fiserv 2.0: On Point
We are focused on delivering results that support
Fiserv 2.0. We made a series of structural changes
during the year such as modifying our organization
structure, hiring new leaders, enhancing
capital management, and better aligning
our incentive structure.
We communicated specific Fiserv 2.0
performance metrics to provide visibility
on our progress against two of our
most measurable strategic themes:
Enhanced Client Relationship Value
and Operational Effectiveness.
We achieved 115% of our
2007 integrated sales objective, generating $30 million
of incremental sales to existing clients that we expect
to turn into recurring annual revenue in 2008.
We also delivered a more effective cost structure
– achieving 133% of our operational effectiveness
goal, which translated to $20 million of net cost
reduction for the year. Momentum is strong entering
2008, and we expect to see even better results in our
second year of execution. We made important decisions in 2007 about the
company we aspire to be. Altering the mix of
businesses that compose Fiserv was among the
most transformational actions implemented
during the year.
As part of Fiserv 2.0, we adopted a principle that we
would only participate in businesses where we either
have – or could project – a clear path to industry
leadership. While we clearly
possess those characteristics
in our financial businesses,
we determined that
operating Fiserv Health
and Fiserv ISS would not allow us to maximize
shareholder value. Accordingly, during the year we
announced our intent to sell both businesses – along
with two smaller lending operations – for a total of
nearly $1 billion. We believe that the clients of the
impacted businesses, as well as Fiserv shareholders,
are now in a better position to optimize value as
a result of these transactions. We will continue to
manage our businesses with this principle in mind.
In addition to CheckFree, we acquired three
other businesses in 2007 geared at building
competencies and enabling our clients to achieve
best-in-class results:
• BancIntelligence provides enhanced analytics to
help financial institutions allocate resources and
optimize profitability;
• NetEconomy brings world-class risk management
and compliance tools to clients; and
• WorkingRx strengthens Fiserv’s position in the
workers’ compensation pharmacy transaction
processing market.
Although our first priority is the integration
of CheckFree, we will continue to consider
opportunities to expand our scale and
differentiation through acquisition.
Innovation is also a driving
force of Fiserv 2.0. We were
recognized in 2007 by
Bank
Technology News
at the
industry’s Innovator Awards.
The sixth annual awards
honored the banking and
financial services industry’s
25 most innovative people,
companies and technologies.
Bank Technology News
selected our leadership for
its top honor, citing our corporate strategy to offer a
platform-wide suite of products to move the company
from a business-unit focus to one that is client driven.
Our new vice chairman, Pete Kight, CheckFree founder
and former chairman and chief executive officer, was a
recipient of the first lifetime achievement award and
was inducted to the Innovators Hall of Fame for his
significant achievements in bank technology.
Although we are grateful to have our management
recognized, the awards are really a tribute to our
25,000 associates around the world whose creativity,
innovation and tenacity should enable even greater
results in the future. It’s our people who continue to
make the difference.
As management, we know that our ultimate responsibility
is to provide value to clients and strong returns for
shareholders. After strong 2006 total shareholder return,
2007 performance was mixed, with our 6% return
beating the S&P 500 index but falling short of other
relevant indices. Our two-year return of 28% led all
major indices. Regardless of near-term share price
performance, we are confident that we have taken the
actions that should provide attractive returns for our
shareholders over many years.
The New Fiserv
Inside the halls of the company we refer to ourselves
as “The New Fiserv” to reflect the many actions we
took in 2007, and the vast opportunities we believe
await us. The New Fiserv has pro-forma annual revenue
of nearly $5 billion and employs 25,000 associates in
more than 250 locations around the world. We have
a low capital intensity business model which delivers
attractive earnings, operating margin and cash flow.
Our human and financial capital is focused on
capturing the tremendous potential we see ahead.
We enter 2008 as a leading provider of technology
processing solutions for the broad financial services
industry. We offer a variety of leading solutions
in critical areas such as core processing, Internet
banking, electronic bill payment and presentment,
debit and EFT processing, item processing, risk
management, and many others. Our goal is to not
only deliver the products that we have today, but
to increase integration and innovation so that we can
provide even more client value in the future. That is
the essence of The New Fiserv
We envision The New Fiserv playing a larger role in
shaping industry trends – including increased focus
on the end-users of our technology. Our goal is
to further influence the next generation of client
relationships – specifically remote interactions – for
retail and commercial consumers. We are increasing
our thought leadership and product innovation to
ensure that Fiserv clients are the beneficiaries of the
best technology solutions available.
We believe that our shareholders will continue to
benefit from a strong focus on profitable growth and
capital allocation. We will avoid the trap of growing
revenue for revenue’s sake. We will stay keenly
focused on revenues that are recurring in
nature, and that have strong underpinnings of
profitability. We are extending our broad operating
competencies across the enterprise to enhance
results. And, as stewards of the attractive cash
flow generated by our businesses, we are
diligently managing that capital to optimize
shareholder value.
2007 was a rewarding year. We delivered solid
financial results and took decisive actions to build
your company for the long term. We served more
clients, and built more value, than ever before. We
sharpened our focus on industry leadership, and are
building on the strong foundation that has always
been Fiserv. We are satisfied with our start, and
excited about the future.
Jeffery W. Yabuki
President and Chief Executive Officer
Donald F. Dillon
Chairman of the Board

