To Our Fellow Shareholders: 2005 was a year that in
many ways had that familiar ring for Fiserv shareholders. The company simply did what it has done for each of the last 22 years: delivered strong results for its clients and shareholders.
Total Revenues
(In Millions)

takes loans from origination through sale in the secondary market. This integrated platform increases market efficiencies and puts us on the leading edge of technology in the mortgage industry. Our global presence was enhanced with a 12-year contract to process checks for three of Australia's largest banks. This exciting relationship provides us with a solid growth platform in that part of the world. We also formed Fiserv Global Services, a new group charged with making us a stronger global competitor as we continue to explore opportunities outside of the U.S. Another innovative step was the introduction of the Fiserv Clearing Network, which enables check processing clients to clear both paper and image items within our proprietary network. Now,

Earnings Per Share
(In Dollars. Adjusted for 2005)

$4,500 3,750 3,000 2,250 1,500 750 0 03 04

$4,059

$2.50 2.00 1.50 1.00 0.50 0

$2.30

05

03

04

05

Shareholders
Strength in Leadership
2

We are pleased with our financial performance. We know that this is one of the ways we must keep score. However, we are also focused on those metrics that are leading indicators for our future. These include organic revenue growth, client satisfaction and strategic acquisitions. Our overall organic revenue growth rate was 7% in 2005. Especially noteworthy is the significant increase in the organic growth rate in our financial institution segment to 6%, from 3% in the prior year. Client satisfaction increased across our businesses, over the already high levels achieved in 2004. We deployed our capital to complete eight value-enhancing acquisitions during the year which strengthened our capabilities in growing markets such as lending, banking, insurance and health plan management.

both outsourced and in-house clients save time and expense bypassing external clearing options such as the Federal Reserve. Fiserv Health continued to grow through the January 2006 acquisition of CareGain, Inc., a technology provider that allows health plan and financial institution clients to cost-effectively create and administer consumer-directed health plans. Given our client base and best-in-class capabilities, we are uniquely positioned to lead the convergence of health and wealth in America. This is just the short list. We took many other actions across our portfolio of businesses with a single goal in mind: build longterm shareholder value.

Strength in Leadership: At our core, Fiserv is about people.
We are the result of nearly 22,000 employees working together to provide solutions that empower our clients to serve their customers extraordinarily well. Our industry-leading retention rates are a clear indication that our clients value their relationship with Fiserv. This truly demonstrates leadership in action. We are fortunate to have leadership bench strength ­ not only at the executive level, but throughout our entire organization. We invest in our people, providing training, experiences and career opportunities to nurture the talent that will make this already strong company even better. After serving the company for over 22 years, Leslie M. Muma retired as chief executive officer of Fiserv in December 2005. Les led the company with distinction and can take great pride in the company he helped to create. We extend our heartfelt thanks and

2005 Achievements: In 2005, we took a number of steps to
enhance our market leadership and further differentiate Fiserv in our industries. The acquisition of BillMatrix Corp. expanded our strong presence in traditional electronic bill payments with expedited electronic payment services that allow customers to receive immediate credit for online and telephone bill payments. We are focused on highgrowth areas of the electronic payments space, such as debit, credit, stored-value, and online bill payment, and are also participating in the development of newer, non-traditional payment vehicles. Fiserv Lending delivered market-differentiating innovation to the mortgage industry through a collaboration with several institutions. The result is an all-electronic lending process that

Above: Leslie M. Muma Left photo: Jeffery W. Yabuki (left) and Donald F. Dillon

appreciation to Les for his many years of personal commitment to Fiserv. Because of it, today we are an industry leader.

A New Chapter: We are proud to be a partner with more
than 17,000 of the strongest and most well-known companies in the world. While many things change, some never do. Attributes like dependability, commitment, determination and an orientation toward results will continue to drive Fiserv forward. These characteristics are embedded in the organization's DNA, and provide a strong foundation for us to build upon. And build upon it we will. As a market leader, we have a responsibility to lead from a position of strength. We must provide the right balance between producing consistently strong results, while continually strengthening the franchise for the long term. On that point, we, our clients and shareholders are in perfect alignment: excel over the long term. We will deliver for clients and shareholders equally, and in a manner that is unrivaled in the industries of our choice. A big aspiration ­ yes ­ and one that is motivating to our employees around the world. Opportunities abound for Fiserv. The legacy of what we have done grants us permission to capture more than our fair share of the future. The quality of our people will enable it to happen. Let's get started.

Recognizing Les Muma: You can't talk about Fiserv's growth and success without talking about Les Muma. Muma co-founded the company with George Dalton in 1984, merging their two data processing companies to create Fiserv. He served as president and COO from 1984 to 1999, when he became president and CEO.
Muma had a leading role in building Fiserv from a fledgling financial services data processor to a highly respected global leader. Major successes during his 22 years with the company include Fiserv going public in 1986, acquiring more than 135 companies to strategically expand the business, and delivering 20-year compound annual growth rates of 24% in revenue, 28% in net income and 21% in the stock price. Muma's greatest achievement, however, is the positive impact Fiserv has had on its nearly 22,000 employees and more than 17,000 clients. Muma, who moved back to Tampa, Florida, where he launched his career, will retire from the Fiserv Board in May and consult with the company through June 2006. Beginning in the fall of 2006, he intends to become more involved with his alma mater, the University of South Florida, where he will co-chair a major capital campaign.

3

»

Jeffery W. Yabuki
President and Chief Executive Officer

Donald F. Dillon
Chairman of the Board

