TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
The term that comes to mind as a key way to describe the past year at Fiserv is Renaissance.
During 2006, we took important steps in a business renewal process and saw a resurgence of our already strong company. We designed strategies to revitalize growth, expand operating margins and further differentiate our client services ­ building on our market leadership position and long-term client relationships. The hallmark of the year was the unveiling of Fiserv 2.0, the next generation of our company. That introduction was the culmination of months of work by some of the best and the brightest people throughout Fiserv. We are committed to Value, Opportunity and Growth ­ for each of our key constituencies ­ for the next generation of our company. We intend to honor that promise. Our financial results were led by another strong year of revenue and earnings growth in the financial segment. We made continuing progress in developing our internal revenue growth capabilities in the financial segment, which has grown by at least 5% in each of the last seven quarters. This performance is indicative of the strength of our financial businesses. These strong financial results came in what some would call a transition year. In addition to a new CEO, we had some difficult growth challenges resulting from unusually large contract terminations and the sale of our investment in a Canadian joint venture in 2005. Given the headwinds coming into 2006, we are very pleased with our financial results. Fiserv's combination of solid technology and superb people continued to deliver on behalf of our more than 18,000 clients. Our client satisfaction scores remained very high, and we continued to retain clients at superior levels. In addition, more than 86% of our clients told us they are willing to promote our products and services, a clear indicator of the service quality we are bringing to the market. One of Fiserv's most important characteristics has always been its strong cash flow generation, which underlies our business model and the value creation resulting from the allocation of those dollars. In 2006, we generated $447 million of free cash flow, resulting in a five-year total of more than $2.2 billion. Going forward, we believe we can enhance free cash flow at an even faster pace. Historically, we've used the majority of our free cash to fund acquisitions. Our strong acquisition competency is a well known part of the company. We are primarily interested in two types of acquisitions: first, those that add to the breadth of our distribution system ­ across any of our primary client segments; and second, those assets that bring specific add-on capabilities that will be highly valued by our client base. However, over the last several years, the acquisition markets have changed dramatically ­ and for a buyer like Fiserv, that change has been troublesome. Significant investment capital from private equity and hedge funds, combined with access to relatively cheap debt financing, have driven pricing to what we consider unsustainably high levels. Given our industry stature, we believe that we are one of the best suited buyers for high quality properties ­ strategic or otherwise. As a result, our objective will be to

Delivering Value for Shareholders Today
Early in 2006 we entered the prestigious Fortune 500 for the first time, and we kept growing. Total revenues for the year increased 12% to surpass $4.5 billion. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were strong as well, increasing 16% to $2.53 per share, which was at the top end of our 2006 guidance and in line with our long-term performance outlook.

VA L U E . O P P O RT U N I T Y. G R O W T H .

3

MORE 2006 NUMBERS

22.3%
consolidated adjusted operating margin, up 40 basis points year-over-year

monitor acquisition opportunities in a disciplined way, mindful of current market valuations. During 2006, we spent $187 million on acquisitions, adding seven companies with product capabilities in the insurance and financial segments. The majority of our available capital in 2006 went to repurchase shares. We re-acquired 12.7 million shares of Fiserv stock for $560 million. Given the current environment, we anticipate that we will continue to allocate capital to share repurchase and use our debt capacity to fund acquisitions.
Fiserv Stock Price
(as of Dec. 31)

seven percentage points. We also outperformed the relevant NASDAQ indices for the year. We believe that with our premium business model, leading market position, and our intense commitment to delivering results ­ that are on average within our long-term performance outlook ­ we should produce attractive returns for shareholders. Our strong results this year are due to the efforts of our more than 23,000 employees around the world who make Fiserv a great company. For years, a Fiserv credo has been that "people make the difference"­ and that continued to be true in 2006. At Fiserv, our people are our key differentiator. Thanks to each of you for your efforts and commitment to making Fiserv its very best.

86%
of clients would recommend Fiserv to other potential clients

$282M
spent on product development

$60

$52.42

$447M
in free cash flow generated

50
$43.27

$40.19

40

21%
increase in share price

30

04

05

06

We recognize that it is our job to deliver value for shareholders each year, and over time. In 2006, Fiserv's total shareholder return was 21%, which compared favorably to an overall strong equity market. Our shareholder return exceeded the 14% performance of the S&P 500 by approximately

Providing Opportunities for Shareholders Tomorrow
Our efforts to define our strategic direction culminated in September with the introduction of our long-term plan branded Fiserv 2.0 ­ which included our renewed vision and mission. Our mission statement captures the essence of Fiserv. Not because it's on a placard, but rather because we believe it. Serving clients is deeply rooted in our organizational DNA.

4

It's the essence of what Fiserv has been about since its founding 22 years ago. The key to our mission is enabling more success for our clients. It's a simple notion ­ and therein, elegant. It's an idea that we believe can serve as a greater purpose for our employees around the world.

client success. The theme line neatly communicates the essence of our new direction.

very early in our evolution, we are pleased with our progress and confident that our success will accelerate over time. We have also adopted five enterprise themes to unlock the significant potential we see in the company ­ and to enhance our revenue, earnings and cash flow growth. · · · · · Active Portfolio Management Enhanced Client Relationship Value Operational Effectiveness Capital Allocation Innovation Inside

Your Success. That's the Point of 2.0
This translates to serving clients differentially. We are switching to a client segment delivery approach from our more business-unit-centric model. While effective and often successful, the prior model didn't always allow us to deliver the holistic solutions that many of our clients prefer. At the same time, we don't intend to adopt a one-size-fits-all approach. Clients and situations are different. We will utilize the strength of our broad product and platform diversity to meet the needs of a dynamic market. While it's

"Our mission is to provide integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients."
Our mission requires that we focus on high-quality solutions and that we measure our performance not just on financial results, but on the success we enable for our clients. Our clients' success is our success. Our aspiration is to be the partner that our clients turn to in helping them be their very best. While we can't define success for each particular client, we will develop solutions that help them achieve their goals. It's bold and we mean it. On the back cover of this annual report, you will see an ad from a new Fiserv 2.0 campaign that is designed to communicate our expanded focus on

We have specific strategies and tactics in place to execute against each of these important areas ­ with

Norm Balthasar (center) talks with John Ozug (left) and Anita Gee.

5

priorities linked to market opportunities. We are again pleased with our early progress. We expect only limited impact in 2007, with more noticeable benefit in our 2008 results and beyond.

institutions. We are one of only a handful of companies in the S&P 500 with at least 15 consecutive years of growth in revenue and earnings. So, what's the big deal? The big deal is that we have the potential to be even better. The key to our future success is to combine what has made Fiserv strong in the past with the strategies that we have laid out for the future. Together, we believe this will accelerate growth ­ profitably ­ and in a way that builds long-term shareholder value. That is the notion of Renaissance. It's our hope that this re-birth leads to a "re-formula-tion" of what has made Fiserv great. By changing the formula just enough, we are creating something even more dynamic for our stakeholders.

Value Plus Opportunity Equals Growth

Internal revenue growth is critical to our future success. Our internal revenue growth rate is now solidly in the mid-single-digit range ­ led by strong performance in our financial segment. We will build on that success and anticipate revenue growth acceleration coming from four primary areas: · · · · New Sales Integrated Value Additional Scale Network Value

"Our vision is to be a global leader in transaction-based technology solutions."
Is it really an aspiration to say you want to be something that you already are? We are a global leader today. For the third year in a row, we were named number one on the FINTECH 100 ranking of the top providers of technology services in sales to financial

Let's talk for a moment about Integrated Value. One of our core strategies is to enhance client relationship value by delivering more of our products and services to our installed base. As a result of the work we did in 2006, we identified more than $2.4 billon of revenue opportunity in our financial segment client base available today. Although capturing the entire amount would be extremely difficult, we believe we can deliver $360 million of incremental annual revenue over the next six years, which would have a favorable impact on our revenue growth rate. We expect to see the early signs of this revenue lift in 2007, and build gradually over the measurement period.

6

Tom Hirsch meets with Stephanie Gregor (left).

Accelerating revenue growth is an important element of our overall growth story. We can also boost growth through better execution, focus on segments of our business with higher macro-growth rates and margins, and proper capital allocation. We have an attractive business model that should produce strong long-term results and attractive returns for our shareholders.

to evolving client needs, create an urgency that we appreciate in running your company. We are up to the challenge. Fiserv has always been a superb company. Our renaissance has us focused on an even brighter future. We have an attractive market opportunity, a winning formula, and a committed management team to execute the plan.
Ken Jensen

THANK YOU TO KEN JENSEN
Fiserv said goodbye to Ken Jensen when he retired in July 2006. Ken, who had been with the company since its formation in 1984, served as senior executive vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer and assistant secretary of the company. Ken is also a member of the Fiserv Board and will retire as a director in May 2007. Ken is known as the chief architect of all things financial in Fiserv and is most famous for his leadership in the acquisition arena. The company completed more than 135 acquisitions during his tenure, creating billions of dollars of shareholder value. Ken's intellectual curiosity and challenging queries are legendary throughout the company. Perhaps Ken's greatest strength was his internal compass. He chose a path and stuck to it. His commitment to the company ­ its clients, employees and shareholders ­ produced great results for the 22 years he called Fiserv home. We are all better for the opportunity to have worked with him. We thank Ken for his many years of outstanding contributions to Fiserv. We wish him and his family all the best as they embark on the next phase of their lives.

Why Now?
Over the last year, the question people asked of Jeff most frequently was: "What has been the most surprising thing you have found at Fiserv?" His answer to the question was simple ­ the opportunities inside the company are far greater than he imagined. While most of us don't usually like to be wrong, this was one time when he didn't mind at all! While the opportunities are real, they won't last forever. There are several catalysts combining to drive change in our industry. We have seen competitors changing hands over the last year. Buyers appear to be attracted by the allure of our industry structure, strong business model, and consistent cash flows. There are now several very large payments players, alongside international and domestic competitors, all fighting to get a larger piece of the pie. These factors, added

Fiserv 2.0 is the next generation of your company.

Jeffery W. Yabuki President and Chief Executive Officer

Donald F. Dillon Chairman of the Board

NOTE: "Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations," "internal revenue growth," "adjusted operating margin," and "free cash flow" are non-GAAP financial measures. See page 23 for additional information about these measures and forward-looking statements.

7

