To Our Shareholders »
Your company celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2004. This milestone recognizes two decades of steady expansion and strong performance, and even more important, sets the stage for continued growth and increased shareholder value in the years ahead.

It is significant that our 20th anniversary is also our 20th consecutive year of record financial results, excluding a one-time charge in 1995 related to an acquisition. Revenues, earnings and operating cash flow all reached new highs in 2004. Processing and services revenues increased 29% to $3.4 billion. Net income rose 20% to $377.6 million or $1.91 per diluted share. Operating cash flow grew 17% to $698.4 million for the year. Our ability to consistently deliver strong financial performance is the result of our proven business model. From day one, this growth-oriented model has focused on high recurring revenues, profitable organic revenue growth, strict cost controls, and a disciplined and effective acquisition strategy. But the real key

to our success is our people and the strong connection they have forged with our clients and our markets. Profitable organic revenue growth continues to be our top priority. Our organic growth rate was 10% in 2004, up from 5% in 2003, due primarily to the success of our health plan management segment. With technology spending in the U.S. financial services industry over $110 billion and growing, we believe there are excellent expansion opportunities for Fiserv in our largest business segment, financial services, as well as in our fast-growing health plan management business. We are well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities with our large existing client base, significant market share, industry-leading technology and all-encompassing focus on

4

Donald F. Dillon, Chairman of the Board (Left) Leslie M. Muma, President and Chief Executive Officer

delivering results for our clients. Our organic revenue growth strategy has three components: client retention and satisfaction, new client sales and value-added cross sales. Fiserv was founded on the complementary philosophies of The Client Comes First and People Make the Difference. While other companies may say this, all of us at Fiserv live it. Every Fiserv employee is accountable for delivering the solutions and service that drive client satisfaction. Our long-term client retention rate is consistently the highest in the financial services industry, underscoring the importance of service excellence to Fiserv. In 2004, we expanded and restructured our financial institution sales force to more effectively drive both new sales and cross sales through multiple delivery channels. At the same time, industry and regulatory trends, including increased outsourcing and information technology spending, the rapid expansion of debit cards, Internet banking and ATM transactions, and the new Check 21 legislation, continue to increase the demand for our transaction processing solutions. The Fiserv integration initiative will assist in our organic revenue growth. We formally began this extensive project more than two years ago, as a direct response to the need we saw across our broad client base for a complete portfolio of integrated processing technologies. Our clients want to improve customer service and increase profitability. By tightly integrating our technology platform and operating solutions, we will enable them to do just that ­ and much more. The benefits from this initiative for Fiserv will include increased sales of our products to existing clients, faster new product development, greater timeliness to market, and improved efficiency, which in turn contributes to increased profit. This project is a key strategy for Fiserv in driving organic revenue growth over the long term. Our rapidly expanding health plan management services business leverages our established financial transaction processing expertise. We built Fiserv Health from the ground up in just four years and it has grown very quickly, with revenues increasing 122% in 2004. The timing is right for this business, as health care costs and administrative requirements continue to increase. We started Fiserv Health by offering core solutions for the processing of medical and dental claims. We are now expanding our client relationships through value-added services that help manage the overall cost and quality of care. These services include pharmacy benefits processing, plan design, plan performance, and wellness care and disease management programs.

Acquisitions continue to be an important part of the Fiserv growth strategy. We completed four acquisitions in 2004 that enhance our payments, insurance and health management businesses. During the past 20 years, we have completed 129 acquisitions that have strengthened our existing businesses and enabled us to enter new, but related, business areas. We continue to seek additional acquisitions in all areas of our business. We also are continually evaluating our existing businesses. In December 2004, we announced an agreement to sell our securities clearing business for approximately $365 million. The sale, which is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2005, will enable us to focus more capital and resources on our financial institution, health plan administration and investment support operations. In 2004, we strengthened our commitment to developing our future leaders with the creation of the Fiserv Leadership Center. We partnered with a leading university to create what we believe is a world-class management program that combines the latest academic programs with our well-established leadership principles. We are already seeing results from this program in the areas of strategic planning, consultative skills and relationship management. In late 2004, the Board of Directors formed a Succession Committee to effect a smooth transition following the planned retirement of Les Muma in June 2006. There are many strong leaders in the Fiserv organization and in our industry, and we look forward to working with the Succession Committee in the selection process for our next CEO. Fiserv's 20 years of growth and success can be measured in many ways. Revenues have grown from $21 million to $3.4 billion. We had 160 clients 20 years ago, compared to more than 16,000 today. We've grown from 350 employees at three locations to nearly 22,000 employees at more than 200 locations worldwide. Our many achievements are the result of our strong connection ­ to our clients, to our employees and to our shareholders. To everyone connected to Fiserv, thank you for 20 great years. We believe the next 20 will be even better.

Leslie M. Muma
President and Chief Executive Officer

Donald F. Dillon
Chairman of the Board

5

