fiserv

2002

annual

report

One of the fundamental
measures of any company is its financials,
and we believe the strength of our numbers speaks
clearly to our ongoing success. While 2002 was a difficult
year for many companies, Fiser v tur ned in a strong per for mance,
posting record revenues, net income and earnings per share for the
1 6 t h c o n s e c u t i v e y e a r.

h

Our annual processing and services revenues for 2002 were $2.28 billion, an 18% increase over the $1.93 billion in 2001. Net income per share-diluted (excluding realized gains from sale of investment) for the year ended December 31, 2002, was $1.36 per share compared to $1.07 in 2001. This financial strength reflects the effectiveness of our proven business strategy, which is based on a focused dedication to serving the financial services industry. In adhering to a business model that emphasizes recurring revenues from long-term contracts, we've built a strong organization that's well-positioned for growth. Our strategy encompasses key principles that form the foundation of our success and continues to serve us well. We are passionate about service quality, and our client retention rating is one of the highest in the industry. We continue to sign more new clients than our competitors, while leveraging our large client base by cross-selling an increasing number of additional products and services

2

fiserv

2002

annual

report

into our existing relationships. We acquire successful companies to expand our core competencies, enhance our product suite and grow market share. We identify and act on industry trends based on client and market needs. In 2002, we saw continued solid growth in new sales and cross sales, achieving a record sales year. And with five acquisitions closed in the year, we added combined annualized revenues of more than $210 million and over 1,100 new employees. These organizations encompass all of our business lines -- from banking to insurance to securities -- as we continue to seek out companies that complement the Fiserv portfolio of products and services. We foresee continued strength in our sales pipelines and acquisition opportunities across all of our major business lines as we enter 2003. As a shareholder, you expect the company you invest in to deliver a good return on your investment. You also deserve steady growth, responsible management and financial stability -- especially in today's volatile market. At Fiserv, we strive not only to achieve consistent, solid performance, but to attain it through the rigorous use of conservative and fiscally sound business principles. Looking back on the year, we owe our thanks to the 19,000-plus Fiserv employees who contributed their talent, experience and hard work to our success. And we thank you, our shareholders, for your continued confidence. Our goal is to provide value to you, and we will continue our efforts to meet your expectations in the future.

February 28, 2003

DONALD F. DILLON

LESLIE M. MUMA

Chairman of the Board

President and Chief Executive Officer

3

