Kevin T. Kabat
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  A Message To Our Shareholders
DEAR FIFTH THIRD SHAREHOLDERS,
2013 marked our 155th anniversary and we capped it with the strongest results Fifth Third has ever reported. Net income available to common shareholders of $1.8 billion marks the highest earnings in our history, up 17 percent from 2012, driven by solid revenue growth and well-controlled expenses. Earnings per diluted share of $2.02 increased 22 percent from the prior year and return on average assets increased 14 basis points to 1.5 percent. Our record performance exemplifies our focus on delivering steady, reliable growth and creating long-term value for our shareholders. Additionally, Fifth Third’s stock price exceeded a five-year high and, on a full-year basis, outperformed both the S&P Banks index and the broader S&P 500 index. Our one-year total shareholder return (stock price plus dividends) was 42 percent in 2013, versus 23 percent in 2012. As we demonstrated in 2013, consistency and improvement in our results depend on proactive leadership, strategic agility, and distinctive execution.
It indeed was a strong and profitable year for the Bank — one which clearly showed our continued growth and achievement as well as the solid foundation upon which that’s built. Our success is due to the guidance of our Board of Directors and the hard work of our employees to execute every day on our Vision to become the one bank that
people most value and trust. Our focus has paid off with new products, partnerships, and achievements. Along the way, we’ve grown our talent, our business, our good reputation, and our positive impact — all while working to achieve the appropriate balance between risk and reward.
A strong, ongoing commitment to risk management is central to our culture, and in 2013 we took important steps to strengthen the infrastructure of our Company. We have never stopped investing in our revenue-generating capabilities and
NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS
$2,000 $1,500 $1,000
$500 $0
$ IN MILLIONS
        2010
2011 2012 2013
AFTER TAX VANTIV GAINS
NET INCOME EX-VANTIV
2013 ANNUAL REPORT | 1
 
 have made significant investments to protect our Company through tighter or additional controls and oversight functions. Asset quality performance is at the best levels in more than five years and our reserve coverage levels are among the strongest in the industry. At the same time, we’ve remained focused on disciplined expense management, as our efficiency ratio improved from 62 percent in 2012 to 58 percent in 2013. Ultimately, the combination of making sound investments while controlling costs and managing risk has equipped us to remain a strong competitor in today’s low-growth, low-interest rate, and tough regulatory environment. Our commitment to continually reinvest in the business is reflected in total revenue of $6.8 billion, which is among the highest levels we ever reported. We enter 2014 with strong local market positions; great businesses where local leadership matters; and national businesses that have contributed to our growth.
We take pride in our ability to recognize change in the industry and to adapt quickly and judiciously. In 2013, we showed the strategic agility of the model in our mortgage business, adjusting from record-levels of originations in the second quarter through the sharp drop-off in the months that followed. Over a number of years, we’ve invested to become bigger, better, and smarter in this space. We’ve seen the results of those investments — increasing our national mortgage origination market share from 16th in 2009 to 13th in 2013 while developing a flexible business model that could be adjusted quickly in response to a change in the environment. We know mortgage is a cyclical business and we’ve managed well through this cycle. We’re committed to the purchase origination market and the servicing business, and we have strong relationships with builders and real estate agents. This business remains extremely important to us, as home mortgages are a core consumer product, which provides the opportunity to develop deeper relationships over the life of the loan.
Our ability to cross sell is enhanced as we find ways to improve the capabilities and experiences that our customers desire and are willing to pay for. We deliver products, services, and experiences to efficiently address the challenges that our customers face such as cash handling for large retail chains, new ways to make working capital available to small businesses, and simple and clear ways for consumers to make and manage deposits.
Our commitment to offering a holistic customer experience has led us to create important alliances with organizations like Stand Up To Cancer (SU2C) and NextJob. In 2013, we introduced Fifth Third SU2C credit and debit cards directing donations toward cancer research with every qualifying purchase made using these cards. And our relationship with NextJob provides an industry-first program that gives unemployed mortgage borrowers job search assistance. This partnership has been so successful that we voluntarily waived our exclusivity provision so that
2013 PERFORMANCE
Full year 2013 net income and net income available to common shareholders of $1.8 billion increased 16% and 17%, respectively from 2012. Earnings per diluted common share of $2.02 increased 22%. Return on assets was 1.5%, up from 1.3% in 2012.
Average loans and leases increased to $89.1 billion, with 15% growth in commercial and industrial loans and 8% growth in both residential mortgage loans and credit card balances. We also continued to grow high-value, low-cost transaction
deposits in 2013, with average balances increasing 6% over the prior year.
Despite a 23 basis point decline in the net interest margin, we closed the year with two consecutive quarters of growth in net interest income, which declined 1% in 2013 compared with 2012. We took advantage of higher rate opportunities in the second half of the year to add to and change the composition of our securities portfolio in order to improve our liquidity position.
2|
  
other banks could adopt the program. Efforts like these make a real difference to our customers, providing tangible value to them, and helping to create a lasting relationship with Fifth Third. Our ability to be responsive to key customer segments while also creating shared value is one of our greatest strengths. We have several initiatives underway to further improve the customer experience and simultaneously increase the profitability of the Bank.
We start by listening to our customers and having in-depth, consultative discussions with them. We work to really understand what they value most in their banking relationships, and what they value most in their lives and financial futures. Customer feedback and the information we gather through our consultative sales process has been an important component of our strategy. It’s a practice that spans our entire franchise — from the Investment Advisors business, to our Commercial Bank, and across the Retail Banking and Consumer Lending divisions. Consequently, we are better equipped to provide complete solutions for our customers, no matter the point of entry at the Bank. In short, we put the customer at the center of all that we do. This simple practice has had a significant impact for us. It has given us insights needed to develop better products and streamline existing processes to serve our customers better. It led to a shift in the customer value proposition, away from fees perceived as punitive toward a more value-oriented model that rewards the depth of the relationship. It has allowed us to focus on key customer segments that understand the value exchange we offer and are willing to engage with us to gain access to our quality products. We’re targeting the opportunities that are most available to us, given our position and business model. Customers who recognize the value we offer do so in exchange, most often, by bringing more and deeper relationships to the Bank, which enables us to optimally serve them going forward.
This is certainly apparent in our Investment Advisors segment, where our business has developed in large part from helping clients over their lifetimes and from becoming their trusted partner. We know that our clients value integrated wealth planning, not just stock picking or total investment returns. After experiencing significant declines in market value during the Great Recession, they are facing a new era of financial complexity and behaving differently — taking fewer risks and focusing on having greater liquidity. They have a strong appetite and need for holistic advice, which we offer through our regional wealth management business. Our balanced and focused approach considers the cyclicality and nuances of markets as well as major life events or business needs to create the best wealth plans for our clients. We provide not only premium advice and guidance, but also clear action steps to help clients follow through and achieve their goals. Our highly experienced wealth managers provide quality service throughout the course of the
 Credit trends were favorable with full year net charge-
offs down 29% and nonperforming assets down 25% from the prior year. We reduced our loan loss reserves by $272 million; although our reserves remain among the highest coverage levels in the industry, at 1.79% of loans and 211% of nonperforming loans.
Noninterest income increased 8% from 2012, despite a significant decline in mortgage revenue, and benefited from our investment in Vantiv as well as strong card and
processing revenue, service charges on deposits, and investment advisory revenue. Total noninterest expense declined 3% from the prior year despite a 4% increase in technology and communications expense as we continue to invest in our businesses.
Overall, it was a strong year in which we posted solid results and executed on our plans. We have good momentum in many of our core businesses and believe we are well-positioned for success in 2014.
2013 ANNUAL REPORT
| 3
   
  relationship and we’ve differentiated ourselves with a collaborative approach that connects our internal specialists as well as our clients’ external advisors. We work together to ensure that we fully understand their needs and deliver a comprehensive solution. Our focus on recruiting and retaining top talent, serving the right clients in the right channel, and providing best-in- class service has resonated, as segment revenue grew 9 percent and net asset flows increased 67 percent from 2012.
Consultative discussions in our Commercial Bank, too, have supported our efforts to build a high-performing business banking segment as well as to establish new primary bank relationships and inspired product innovations, such as our Currency Processing Solutions, that simplify cash handling for our clients. This has resulted in overall Commercial Banking segment net revenue of $2.3 billion, and an increase in treasury management fees of 6 percent from 2012. We’ve further differentiated these solutions to support key industry focus areas, such as mid-corporate clients with $500 million to $2 billion in revenue and select industry verticals. The healthcare vertical has grown consistently since its launch in 2008, and in 2013 we had approximately $700 million of originations to this industry. In a similar fashion, we established a specialized energy industry lending group in 2012, which contributed approximately $400 million of originations in 2013. We have always had a strong presence in commercial and industrial (C&I) lending, and these industry verticals as well as our investments in talent and infrastructure led to 15 percent growth in average C&I loans compared with 2012. Additionally, we have a centralized group for growing commercial real estate loans primarily within the multi-family and industrial sectors. We believe these opportunities and focus areas will continue to drive success for Fifth Third.
We’ve also seen the benefit of the relationship value orientation in our Consumer Bank following changes we made to streamline our account offerings and simplify choices for our customers. By the middle of 2013, we had already completely converted our 2.1 million primary consumer
households to a new account set, which includes five core checking and three core savings products. The process was transformational and, we believe, industry-leading. Our new offerings encourage customers to hold higher average balances in their accounts and to have multiple products with us. We are already seeing positive outcomes. Today, the average Fifth Third Bank checking customer uses just over five of our products and, as we anticipated, we are seeing lower customer attrition rates and growth in revenue per household.
Fifth Third is also proactively addressing changing consumer preferences for banking interactions while increasing the efficiency of our distribution network. New technology — Internet banking, mobile apps, and image ATMs — has been adopted at an astounding pace. Already, 26 percent of our consumer deposit volume comes through self-service channels, a portion of that through the remote deposit capture feature on the mobile app, which we launched late in 2012. This shift has led to a decline in teller transactions. That’s no surprise, since
the vast majority of transactions that do take place with a customer service representative today — primarily deposits, withdrawals, and balance transfers — can be completed through a self- service format. In line with our efforts to pair extraordinary self-service capabilities with new ways of thinking about the distribution model and the strategic value we can, and should, provide
748+18++G
CONSUMER DEPOSITS BY CHANNEL
4|
TRANSACTION VOLUME
74% BRANCH
18% ATM
8% MOBILE

in the branch, we’re accelerating the self-service transition where it makes sense. We’re working to educate customers by using in-branch ATMs and a smaller, more cost-effective branch format with about half the staffing of a traditional branch. Our banking centers remain the most visible brand identifier in our communities and they also
will remain a key source of deposits and cross-selling.
Our customers have indicated that branch proximity
and convenience are still top factors in selecting a
bank, and a vast majority of our consumer checking
households, as well as Private Bank, small business,
and business banking customers have visited a
banking center in the past six months. Prudently
balancing the lower branch traffic with branch
presence and the consultative expertise we can offer there will be a key priority for Fifth Third and the industry in coming years.
Our customers have told us how much they appreciate our employees and the way they listen to them, get to know them, and respond to their needs. The friendly Fifth Third face, the spirit behind our pin, and the commitment to improving lives are among the hallmarks of our brand. They’re at the foundation of our relationships with customers, businesses, and communities, and the strength of those relationships is paramount to our success. That’s why I believe that the people who represent our Company are Fifth Third Bank’s most valuable asset. In 2013, for the second time, we were recognized by the Gallup organization with a Gallup Great Workplace Award for our engaged and productive workforce. It takes a team effort to differentiate our Company through strong results. We can all be proud of what we accomplished in 2013, both in terms of engagement and financial performance.
Our solid financial performance has produced high rates of internal capital generation, which have been supplemented by gains on our position in the payment processing company, Vantiv, Inc. This has proven to be a strategic advantage for Fifth Third and we’ve recognized about $2.9 billion in total pre-tax gains from the sale of the processing business in 2009 to today, including gains in 2013 of $327 million on the sale of a portion of our Class A shares of Vantiv common stock and $206 million on the valuation of the warrant we hold in Vantiv. We continue to own a 25 percent interest in Vantiv, whose market capitalization was $5.4 billion at year-end. Fifth Third has benefited tremendously from its investment in Vantiv, and while we would expect to manage our position downward over time in a disciplined way, it continues to give us significant capital flexibility.
Fifth Third’s strong earnings generation provides the ability to distribute excess capital to shareholders while maintaining already strong capital levels. In 2013, we increased our annual dividend 31 percent from the prior year, to a level consistent with the Federal Reserve’s near- term dividend payout ratio guidance of 30 percent. Including common stock repurchases, we returned a net $1.3 billion to shareholders. We’ve reduced our share count by 7 percent from the peak in 2012 while growing tangible book value per share by 12 percent over that same period. Despite these returns, our capital levels remain very strong overall, with a Tier 1 common ratio* of 9.4 percent as well as a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 10.4 percent at year-end compared with the 6 percent regulatory well-capitalized minimum.
Our capital position also is well-aligned with new capital rules that were approved by U.S. banking regulators in July, with a Basel III pro form Tier 1 common ratio estimate of 9.0 percent at year-end. In light of the new rules, we took a number of important steps in 2013 to make the composition
Fifth Third’s strong earnings generation provides the ability to distribute excess capital to shareholders while maintaining already strong capital levels.
 * Non-GAAP measure. For further information, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD&A.
2013 ANNUAL REPORT
| 5
  
  TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN*
50% FIFTH THIRD BANCORP
 S&P 500 INDEX
S&P BANKS INDEX
0%
12-12 1-13 2-13 3-13 4-13 5-13 6-13 7-13 8-13 9-13 10-13 11-13 12-13
* For comparison purposes, see Total Return Analysis section in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fifth Third Bancorp’s 5-year and 10-year total return analysis on page 182.
of our capital as efficient as possible. We converted $398 million of 8.50% Series G Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock and issued $1.05 billion of new preferred stock, Series H and Series I, with lower coupons. We also issued $2.5 billion of long-term debt and redeemed $750 million of outstanding trust preferred securities. Our focus on efficient capital management is consistent with our ongoing goal to maintain a strong balance sheet for a variety of economic environments, while prudently managing capital.
As we turn to 2014, we continue to aim for excellence and outperformance. We are ready to build on our legacy and to do that, we must execute on four key strategies:
• Focused segmentation — Identifying customer segments, understanding their unmet needs and delivering a more targeted value proposition more efficiently.
• Distinctive execution — Providing a differentiated customer experience with clear value propositions and delivering it with outstanding, consistent execution.
• Innovation — Listening to customers and creating solutions that drive differentiated value is what we mean by innovation. Whether we’re optimizing products and services, improving the technology used to deliver them, or shifting the way we sell them, we’re moving forward to create value in the industry. In 2013, we were awarded two patents for a business that didn’t exist two years ago.
• Growth accelerators — Long-term investments to build our presence, our customer base, and our business.
These are strategies we’ve been working on, and they are the building blocks for our future. Over the next several years, we’ll focus on leveraging this work and expanding on it in new and exciting ways, just as we continue to evolve and strengthen the risk culture that ensures our ongoing success. I have confidence in the leadership and talent of our Company to make the years ahead our best yet.
Sincerely,
Kevin T. Kabat
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 2014
40% 30% 20% 10%
   6|
 