lEttER FROM tHE
president & CeO
DEaR sHaREHOlDERs,
2007 was perhaps the most challenging year that the industry has seen in the last 30 years. During the first part of the year, our new management team outlined a three- year strategic plan to position the Company for future growth. We made significant strides executing on this plan, and I’ll discuss these successes later in this letter. At the same time, market and economic conditions created
an operating environment that overshadowed some of those achievements.
The most significant factors impacting the financial sector
in 2007 originated in the U.S. residential real estate markets. A number of large financial institutions announced losses ranging from the hundreds of millions to billions of dollars. These losses stemmed from securities collateralized
with subprime mortgages and other troubled assets. Additionally, delinquent and nonperforming loans increased in nearly every category. It is important to note that Fifth Third does not originate or hold subprime loans, nor do
we hold collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) or asset- backed securities backed by subprime loans in our securities portfolio. However, as a lending institution, we have
exposure to housing markets which weakened considerably throughout the entire country. There was particular weakness in the upper Midwest and Florida, where we have a significant presence. Investor concerns related to rising loan defaults in subprime lending and other areas related to real estate led to significant decreases in the market valuation
of virtually every major U.S. bank. Fifth Third’s total return
in 2007 – the change in our stock price plus dividends –
was a disappointing -35 percent, in line with other major Midwestern institutions as well as the -30 percent total return produced by the S&P Bank Composite Index.
We are in the middle of a difficult credit cycle, and a certain amount of negative sentiment is warranted. However, as bankers, we should and do expect that we will experience these cycles. Banking is a risk-taking business, and losses come with the territory. That being said, we have taken a number of steps to deal with the current credit cycle and to reduce the problems we will experience in 2008 and beyond.
Given the difficulties facing many of our customers, we have been intervening earlier in problem credit situations and are actively working to identify higher risk accounts. For example, when a customer’s credit file shows potential weakness, we are making proactive calling efforts to form cooperative relationships with these borrowers. When we do have delinquencies, we’re working with our customers to understand the reason for the delinquency and a borrower’s capacity to pay. When necessary and warranted, we are
modifying loan terms over short time horizons in order to give our borrowers time to regain their footing. During 2007, we restructured $80 million in mortgage, home equity and credit card loans to provide our customers with a more workable loan arrangement. Helping our customers during this challenging time will help form long-term beneficial relationships with them. We are committed to helping our clients and our communities in their worst times so that they’ll turn to us in their best times.
Several other steps were taken throughout 2007 to help reduce potentially higher credit losses. First was the decision to terminate the products offered by Home Equity of America, an entity that became part of Fifth Third a number of years ago through an acquisition. Home Equity of America offered brokered home equity loans
on a national level. Additionally, in response to market conditions, we began to aggressively limit brokered home equity production early in the year and ultimately shut down our production altogether. Finally, we set up a flow sale agreement with an agency servicer to remove the risk posed to our balance sheet from originating “Alt-A” loans. Separately and collectively, these actions have and will help us avoid potentially higher credit losses.
While these and other steps have helped to partially insulate us from the industry downturn, we are not immune to broader trends. The Midwest economy as a whole has been weaker than the rest of the country, and the Florida real estate market has softened substantially. Michigan, Ohio and Florida account for three of the top five foreclosure rates by state, with Indiana and Illinois also ranking in the
  2 | FiFtH tHiRD BancORP

 top 10. While the pace of foreclosures has increased in recent months in Florida, the growth rate of foreclosures in a number of our geographies seems to be slowing. Therefore, there is reason to hope that at some point during 2008 we may begin to see stabilization in key credit trends. When that occurs, we would expect our bottom line to begin to benefit from the numerous steps we’ve taken to increase
the Company’s underlying earnings base.
2007 Results
Our 2007 results reflected the weak operating environment outlined above. Reported earnings per diluted share were $1.99, lower than the $2.13 per share in diluted earnings reported in 2006. Results during the first three quarters of 2007 were solid, reflecting both the benefits of the balance
banks were required to accrue expenses related to current and future legal settlements as a member-bank owner
of Visa, Inc. These expenses were $78 million in the third quarter and $94 million in the fourth quarter, totaling
$0.21 per share for the year. We fully expect to reverse
these legal accruals when Visa completes its initial public offering, currently anticipated in the first half of 2008. Finally, we recorded $8 million, or $0.01 per share, in merger- related costs in the fourth quarter, primarily related to our acquisition of R-G Crown Bank in Florida in November 2007. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter of 2006, we recorded pretax charges related to balance sheet actions totaling $454 million, or $0.52 per share.
Setting aside the items outlined above, 2007 results were
 sheet actions we took in the fourth quarter of last year as well as increases in revenue, which were more than offset by the effect of rising provision expenses to cover increases
in loan losses.
During the fourth quarter of 2007, however, the Company recorded several charges that reflected the deteriorating credit environment experienced throughout the financial sector. First, as a result of higher expected losses, we recorded an incremental provision for loan and lease losses over net charge-offs of $110 million. This represented $0.13 in earnings per share. Second, we took a charge of
$177 million, or $0.33 per share on an after-tax basis, against one of our Bank-Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) policies, to reflect losses experienced on the underlying investments due to significant disruptions in the financial markets. Additionally, Fifth Third and a number of other
in line with 2006, with significant improvements in our underlying business largely offset by higher loan losses during 2007. We are working hard to have the many improvements made to the Company’s operations result in a better bottom line.
While our credit trends were largely in line with the rest
of the industry, they also were disappointing. Higher loss expectations drove provision expense to $628 million compared to $343 million in 2006. Net loan losses were $462 million in 2007 versus $316 million in 2006. As a percentage of loans and leases, net losses rose to 0.61 percent for the full year of 2007 compared with 0.44 percent in 2006. The deterioration occurred mostly in our consumer portfolio, which saw its loan loss ratio increase from 0.55 percent in 2006 to 0.84 percent in 2007, largely reflecting higher residential real estate losses, particularly in
Celebrating 150 Years | 3
 
Fifth Third Bancorp
 home equity. Nonperforming assets were $1.1 billion at year- end, compared to $455 million at the end of 2006. Home equity, residential mortgage and commercial construction saw the greatest increases on a year-over-year basis.
Net interest income was $3 billion on a tax-equivalent basis and increased 5 percent from 2006, benefiting from our fourth quarter 2006 balance sheet actions. We continued
to see strong commercial loan growth in 2007, with average balances up 7 percent. Consumer loan growth remained solid, with average balances up 8 percent despite our tightening of credit policies. Average core deposits increased 3 percent on a year-over-year basis, driven by strong growth in savings and commercial sweep balances.
Noninterest income was $2.5 billion, a 23 percent
increase from 2006. Noninterest income in 2007 included the effect of the $177 million charge to our BOLI portfolio, while 2006 noninterest income included $415 million in losses related to fourth quarter balance sheet actions. Otherwise, noninterest income increased 9 percent from 2006. We continued to see strong growth in our electronic payments processing revenue, which increased 15 percent to $826 million in 2007. Corporate banking revenue also showed strong growth of 15 percent.
Noninterest expense of $3.3 billion grew 14 percent from 2006. 2007 results reflect the inclusion of $172 million in accrued expenses related to potential Visa-related legal settlements, as well as $8 million in merger-related costs, while 2006 results reflected the inclusion of $49 million in charges related to the termination of debt and other financing agreements. Otherwise, noninterest expenses
grew 9 percent, reflecting transaction-driven growth
in payments processing expense, higher technology- related expenses reflecting infrastructure upgrades, and de novo expenses.
While we saw clear signs of progress during the year, our results were not what we expected going into the year and were reflective of a challenging operating environment.
We are fortunate that we continue to maintain the strength that permits us to weather these storms and to support our dividend, which we increased from $1.58 in 2006 to $1.70 in 2007. I’ll turn now to key elements of the progress we made as a Company during 2007.
local Management
As you know, we manage the Company utilizing an affiliate model that provides us with a number of key competitive advantages. With full line-of-business support and staff accountability for each of our 18 affiliates, we have local executive management teams in our major metropolitan markets that have a significant impact on our ability to adapt to the unique challenges faced in each market. We firmly believe that our model is a key competitive differentiator, allowing us to offer high-touch service while benefiting from the scale and a centralized back office that our size permits. We discuss this key differentiator for Fifth Third in more detail a few pages after this letter.
geographic Diversification
I mentioned earlier that, despite the obstacles we faced in 2007, we continued to prepare our Company for the future. One way we’ve done this is by diversifying our geographic footprint. By way of comparison, at this time
 4 | FiFtH tHiRD BancORP
 
in 2004, 90 percent of our branches were located in Midwestern markets. Upon completion of our pending acquisitions, 24 percent of our franchise will be in the Southeast, with an additional 14 percent of our branches located in the strong and growing Chicago market.
In 2007, we announced our intention to acquire R-G Crown Bank and First Charter Bank. Acquiring R-G Crown in November 2007 has given our Company a foothold in the vibrant Jacksonville market as well as Augusta, Georgia,
and also serves to reinforce our positions in Tampa Bay and Orlando. First Charter, the fourth largest bank by deposits
in the Charlotte, North Carolina market, offered us a sizeable entry point into this rapidly growing state, while also giving us a small presence in Atlanta. Once this transaction closes, Fifth Third will have strong positions in both the Midwest and Southeast that we can grow through building new
(de novo) branches and opportunistic M&A activity. You will see a further discussion of our evolving geographic position in a few pages.
customer Experience
During 2007, we saw continued progression of our Customer Experience initiative that I first discussed in last year’s Annual Report. Overall, Retail customer satisfaction is now
in the top quartile of our competitors based on independent surveys. While this is a marked improvement, it will remain an area of continued focus for us as we expect to make further headway in the coming year. In fact, we will be rolling out similar customer satisfaction initiatives across our other business units, starting with Commercial Banking and Fifth Third Private Bank.
In 2007, the percentage of our customers who described themselves as “loyal” increased by 10 percentage points compared to mid-2006 when we first began tracking this metric. Loyal customers are incredibly valuable to Fifth Third: they have significantly lower attrition rates, higher account balances and a higher average number of products than other customers. All of these factors lead to enhanced profitability, and we have a number of ways we are working to increase customer loyalty.
One of the most important aspects of being able to retain loyal customers is our ability to provide problem-free service. However, if a problem does arise, we have placed increased emphasis on ensuring that it is handled quickly and efficiently without repeated customer handoffs. Our new Escalation Center serves as an integrated resource where particularly complex issues can be resolved effectively.
technology
Throughout 2007, we continued to improve our technology foundation through branch network upgrades, an enterprise customer information platform, and upgrades
to our mainframes, servers and data centers. With these
improvements in place, we now enjoy increased capacity to support the Company’s growth as well as access to customer data across the footprint. Comprehensive production
quality scorecards were implemented and are systematically monitored to ensure our internal and external clients receive outstanding service.
In support of our Customer Experience strategic initiative, an automated customer issue tracking system was rolled out to ensure effective problem resolution for our customers. Banking center and call center staff now have consistent information on customer issues right on their desktops, and automated workflows ensure quick resolutions.
strategic initiatives and lines of Business
Commercial banking remains a great strength for our Company and, in 2007, we developed strong momentum with our corporate banking products. We continued to hire top talent and gain market share across our footprint and anticipate this will continue in 2008. Additionally, we expect to capitalize on market disruption occurring in our footprint resulting from large competitor acquisitions and other developments among competitors. This presents us with
a unique opportunity to attract new talent and customers during this transitional period.
Our success in both institutional sales and interest rate derivatives continued in 2007, with revenue for these products increasing by 37 percent and 28 percent, respectively. We cross-sell these products into our existing customer base, and also are able to realize meaningful revenue synergies when we acquire companies that
lack them. These products were formerly unavailable to customers of R-G Crown and First Charter, and they will provide incremental revenue streams going forward.
We also continue to focus on expanding our presence in the Healthcare segment. Our perspective on the Healthcare space has expanded to include pharmaceuticals, outpatient surgery centers, dialysis and durable medical equipment lending, in addition to long-term care facilities. With experts that truly understand the field, we are able to diversify the type of business we bring into the Bank. As a result of our efforts in this space, we added $1.4 billion of commitments and generated fee income of $15 million in 2007.
Fifth Third Processing Solutions continued to deliver exceptional organic growth, particularly in merchant processing, where revenue was up 21 percent on a year- over-year basis. We’ve targeted the gift card processing
and issuance sector and have made significant strides here – we’re now the issuer for several of the nation’s largest restaurant and pharmacy chains. We also realized a
16 percent increase in card issuer interchange this year, driven by our success in expanding our credit card portfolio.
Letter From the President & CEO
  Celebrating 150 Years | 5

Letter from the President & CEO
 In 2007, we averaged 24 new card openings per branch per month compared to 14 per branch per month in 2006. Total retail card balances were up 52 percent on a year-over-year basis. While we have focused on growing this product, we also have been careful to adhere to strict standards in order to mitigate our risks in this area.
As I mentioned earlier, our Customer Experience initiative has been a major focus for our Retail Banking operation. One of the components of this effort has been the application of consistent branding and sales management processes across all of our affiliates. A customer conducting business at a banking center in Chicago should have the same experience as a customer in Orlando, and we have made this a reality.
We increased our value proposition to customers through our continued geographic expansion, and we introduced several new retail products that were favorably received. Our new Fifth Third Goal-Setter Savings account allows customers to target a dollar amount and specific date for reaching their target, simplifying their day-to-day money management. In addition, we sold 58,000 stored value cards after introducing gift card centers into our branch network in late November.
Consumer Lending had a difficult year. Credit concerns led to a significant slowdown in production rates due to decreased applications and a tighter decision-making process. We have established regular credit meetings to assess our underwriting standards and have avoided many riskier mortgage products, notably subprime mortgages.
The Investment Advisors business produced a solid year under its new management team. Fifth Third Private Bank – which focuses on affluent clients with $1 million or more in investable assets – had another strong year. During 2007, the Private Bank created a new and consistent strategy focused on building a national brand. The brokerage platform realized strong revenue growth and outstanding bottom-line results from successful targeted recruiting, particularly in the second half of the year, increasing the number of registered representatives from 268 in 2006 to 300 at the end of
2007. And Fifth Third Institutional Services re-engineered its internal processes, allowing relationship managers to focus more intimately on client needs.
corporate governance and Responsibility
We at Fifth Third are deeply aware that you, our share- holders, own the Company, and it is to you that we are accountable. Thus, we are proud to maintain among the very highest corporate governance ratings in the industry. Our Corporate Governance Quotient, as published by Institutional Shareholder Services, is in the top 10 to 15 percent of companies in the S&P 500 and in the top 2 percent of all U.S. banks.
Among the steps we’ve taken to create a higher standard for corporate governance:
• We have publicly disclosed governance guidelines
• Independent outside directors constitute 12
of 15 directors (80 percent), with a named lead independent director
• The nominating, compensation and audit committees are comprised solely of independent outside directors
• Outside directors meet regularly without the CEO present
• Directors receive a significant portion of their compensation in the form of equity
• Directors and executives are subject to stock ownership guidelines, with mandatory holding periods for restricted stock and stock acquired through the exercise of options
• Our board is “declassified” – all directors are elected annually
• We have eliminated the super-majority voting provision in our Code of Regulations
• We have no “poison pill”
closing
As you know, my first year as CEO also marks the first year for George A. Schaefer, Jr. – our former CEO – as chairman of Fifth Third. George’s wise counsel – and that of the rest of our board of directors – is a great source of support for our new management team as we implement important changes in the Company. I’d also like to express how much we will miss Joni Herschede, who served on our board for 16 years and who passed away last December. Joni’s commitment to Fifth Third and to the many community efforts in which she was involved were a testament to her strong leadership and good heart.
My first year as Fifth Third’s CEO has been a challenging
and eventful one, but I knew it would not be an easy year.
As we enter our 150th year of operation, I am more excited today than ever about our Company’s future and its ability to weather such challenges. Our progress on our three-year strategic plan makes me confident that we will be a stronger, more competitive, and a more profitable company as we emerge from this credit cycle.
Kevin t. Kabat
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 2008
  6 | FiFtH tHiRD BancORP
