 Kevin T. Kabat
President and Chief Executive Officer
A MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Fifth Third Shareholders,
What’s different about Fifth Third? This is an important question in this time of increased accountability. It’s a question I ask myself and have come to expect from our shareholders and customers alike.
Throughout our rich history we’ve created a business model that’s customer-centric, diversified and resilient. We have a highly engaged and talented team that strongly believes in the importance of customer service and support.
And we have developed and continue to develop innovative solutions that drive value for our customers and sustainable revenue for our Company. These are just a few of the qualities that make Fifth Third different — qualities that lead current and new customers to build relationships with us every day, in communities throughout
the Midwest, Southeast and elsewhere. They are qualities we aim to demonstrate through thoughtful interactions with our customers, consulting
with them to learn more about their needs and aspirations, and providing them with better solutions so that their goals are achieved.
We seek to engage with our customers by listening and understanding what matters most to them.
We incorporate what we learn into product and relationship alternatives that fit the way they prefer to do business with us. That allows us to provide the products and services that customers actually find valuable, letting them choose how they pay for the products and services that they use. It sounds simple, but we’ve been surprised to hear directly from consumers how few banks actually do this.
We believe this approach to our relationships with customers is the way to create long-term value for both our customers and shareholders. And we believe it is working. 2011 was our most profitable year since 2006, and net income available to common shareholders more than doubled
  2 FIFTH THIRD BANCORP

  compared with 2010. We earned a return on assets of 1.15 percent, significantly higher than most
of our peers. We believe our ability to generate those results reflects the difference in our local market knowledge, the difference in our business model, and a profoundly different banking experience than offered by many of our peers. And our customers tell us and others, through internal and external measures, that the quality of their experience with Fifth Third is different and better. In a recent Forrester Research customer experience report, Fifth Third’s score increased significantly over last year and outscored the
bank industry average.* While we are pleased with these results, we still have room for improvement and fundamentally believe that the work of client satisfaction never ends.
A DIFFERENTIATED BUSINESS MODEL
We have long discussed the benefits of our affiliate model — the capabilities and expertise of a large commercial bank and the local market orientation of a community bank. Although features of our model have changed over the past several years — for example, centralizing certain risk management and operational functions — I believe that at present we have an optimal mix of a locally integrated and customer-centric organization with local decision- making and accountability, while also offering a
consistent brand identity and experience across our footprint. These changes are a source of additional strength, as we have enabled our business to effectively compete in a world that is changing, while continuing to best serve the interests of our customers and shareholders.
We’ve historically been a company that’s met challenges through innovation, and our ability to be flexible in implementing improvements is unparalleled by competitors. As examples, over the past couple
of years we’ve introduced our Relationship Savings product, our Remote Currency Manager solution,
and most recently, the DUO Card. Our Relationship Savings product has attracted $14 billion in balances since its inception nearly three years ago. Our Remote Currency Manager product, one of the treasury management solutions we developed, continues to attract business and generated about $10 million in annual revenue in 2011. In late August, we launched the DUO Card — the first payment card in the United States to offer dual function as both
a debit and credit card. It permits the customer at the point of sale to pay with debit or credit, at his
or her option, with just one card. It is simple and empowers customers to choose how to manage
their expenditures. Innovations like these — whether products and services, the technology used to deliver them, or the way we sell them — enable us to meet
 * The Customer Experience Index, 2012, Forrester Research, Inc., January 23, 2012.
 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 3
2011 was our most profitable year since 2006, and net income available to common shareholders more than doubled compared with 2010.

customer needs while creating new revenue streams, building market share, and driving profitable results.
We also understand the importance of providing our customers with options when it comes to accessing and servicing their accounts. Customers are increasingly opting to use alternative service channels such as Internet and mobile banking when it comes to interacting with the Bank and managing their finances. In 2011, we enhanced
our mobile distribution channels with the addition of a downloadable mobile app, a mobile banking website and text banking. We upgraded our online bill pay system with enhancements including expedited payments functionality and new budgeting tools to track account balances against pending and scheduled payments. Finally, we increased our presence on social media channels with a dedicated team responding to customers in this newest business arena.
We believe that our commitment to and focus on doing the right thing for our customers fits well with new legislative and regulatory developments. As a result, while many of our larger competitors will need to rework their operating models to conform with new rules and requirements, we believe we will have a competitive advantage in our ability to remain laser-focused on serving our customers and doing what we do well already.
A DIFFERENT ENvIRONMENT
Entering 2011, we expected the recovery to take some time before it returned to meaningful and sustained economic growth. And, until about mid- year, we saw fairly significant improvement in economic trends. However, many events conspired to slow the progress of the global economy, most notably the impact of concerns over European sovereign debt and the disruption created by
the debate over the national debt ceiling and downgrades to U.S. debt. In reaction, the Federal Reserve embarked on a program to bring down long-term interest rates which has been successful
but which makes for a difficult environment for banks, whose revenues are in part dependent on spreads between short- and long-term rates.
One of the most significant continuing challenges remains the situation in Europe. Fifth Third has very little direct exposure to European problem areas. We have less than $200 million in total exposure
to companies headquartered in the five European peripheral nations of Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain, the vast majority of which is to U.S. subsidiaries of those companies. We don’t have significant exposure to European banks — less than $200 million — and we don’t have a significant trading book that could be negatively affected by the potential sale of assets by European financial institutions. Despite this, we are not isolated from events on the world stage, and the U.S. economy is not immune to the effects of global disruptions.
That being said, we are beginning to see some positive signals of renewed momentum in the domestic economy. Throughout the year, the U.S. Gross Domestic Product (GDP) grew modestly and manufacturing activity expanded at a solid pace, although progress has been uneven. The labor market is gradually improving, with the unemployment rate declining to 8.5 percent at
the end of 2011, its lowest rate since early 2009. Consumer spending is slowly recovering, although we’re seeing higher savings rates than in years past. That is a good thing for the U.S. economy long-term, providing future support for investment and economic activity, but it slows the pace of the current recovery. Overall, while economic growth is lower than typical for this stage of recovery following a recession, the trough seems behind us and trends seem to be improving.
U.S. stock market trends reflected these developments. After a strong start to the year, the market moved sideways, with U.S. banks trading
in correlation with European banks despite little obvious connection to those issues. Toward the end
 4
FIFTH THIRD BANCORP

  of the year, the market and U.S. banks experienced
a rally that erased most, but not all, of the effects of these developments. Fifth Third’s total shareholder return (stock price plus dividends) was negative
11 percent, in line with the S&P Banks Index, and compared with a modest 2 percent increase for the broader S&P 500. As a result, the strong continued improvement in our financial performance was clearly not reflected in the performance of our stock. We believe that as we move into 2012, we’re well- positioned to demonstrate continued solid results with a business platform that is underleveraged relative to its capacity to support a larger level of activity and assets. Economic and lending activity
at the end of 2011 and early stage of this year suggest that 2012 is off to a fairly good start. We have reason to hope that the market will reward us and other strong performing U.S. banks for the solid returns we generate and our ability to distribute significant amounts of capital and investment return to shareholders.
DIFFERENTIAL RESULTS
Fifth Third’s 2011 results exemplified the resiliency of our business model and the strength of our strategic plan. As I noted earlier, we reported full year net income available to common shareholders of $1.1 billion, the highest since 2006 and more than double 2010’s result. Return on assets levels moved back above 1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2010 and have remained around that level throughout
2011. We believe that Fifth Third is capable of generating a return on assets in the 1.3 to 1.5 percent range on a normalized basis longer-term. Although the current environment is not normal, we believe our results have demonstrated that we’re well-positioned to achieve our profitability goals when those conditions prevail.
In February 2011, we redeemed the U.S. Treasury’s $3.4 billion preferred stock investment, following successful equity and debt offerings in which the Company raised more than $2.7 billion. In March we chose to repurchase the related warrant issued to the United States Treasury for $280 million. With these actions, Fifth Third completely exited all crisis- era government programs, well ahead of many large banks that continue to have federally guaranteed debt outstanding.
Core operating results in 2011 remained strong, as demonstrated by the strength and consistency
of our pre-provision net revenue,* which was well over $2 billion for the third year in a row. This is a solid result in a challenging environment that has been more than sufficient to absorb losses while at the same time contributing to the generation of additional equity and capital.
Net interest income and net interest margin were relatively stable in 2011, despite historically low interest rates that prevailed throughout the year,
 * Non-GAAP measure. For further information, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD&A.
 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 5
Fifth Third’s 2011 results exemplified the resiliency of our business model and the strength of our strategic plan.

particularly in the second half. We posted solid
loan growth, earlier than many peers, with average balances increasing each quarter throughout the year. Total portfolio loan growth at year-end was
5 percent, driven by solid originations particularly
in commercial and industrial (C&I), residential mortgage and automobile loans. C&I origination volumes have been at historically high levels
and production has been broad-based across a number of industries and geographies. Consumer mortgage production was strong throughout the year due to increased refinancings as rates remained at historically low levels. Auto loan originations benefitted from our well-established and continuous presence in the indirect auto market. Looking at the other side of the balance sheet, our liquidity levels are high as commercial and retail customers remain very cautious. Reflecting this, average transaction deposit account balances (primarily demand, savings and money market accounts) increased in 2011 by $6.7 billion, or 10 percent.
Noninterest income streams have been challenged by new legislation and regulations, including the recent effect of the debit service charge legislation. Card and processing revenue, which includes
debit card issuer interchange revenue, declined
3 percent, while deposit fees declined 9 percent due to changes in overdraft policies and consumer behavior. As we enter 2012, we believe most of the negative impact of regulatory reform activity is already reflected in our results. In adapting to these changes, we will be incorporating what we learn from our customers to ensure that they receive value for what they pay us, and that we are paid appropriately for the services we provide. We
have otherwise seen solid results in many of our
fee income streams, with mortgage banking net revenue of $597 million the result of the low interest rate environment and significant gains in market share by Fifth Third as weaker competitors have left the market.
Noninterest expense declined $97 million, or 3 percent. These results reflect our efforts to remain disciplined on the expense front while the economic environment remained sluggish, and include credit- related costs that remain somewhat elevated at this stage of the recovery. We’ll continue to manage expenses very carefully going forward, especially while the direction of the economy remains uncertain. Our efficiency ratio (expenses as a percentage of revenue) of 62 percent, while below most of our peers, remains higher than the level where we would expect to operate longer-term in a more normal environment.
Provision expense for loan and lease losses declined more than $1.1 billion from 2010, reflecting significant improvements in credit results. Net charge-offs
also declined $1.2 billion to their lowest level since 2007, and nonperforming assets, including loans held-for-sale, declined more than $500 million. The improvement in credit trends allowed us to reduce our loan loss reserves by $749 million during the year, although reserve levels and coverage ratios remain strong at 2.78 percent of loans and 157 percent of nonperforming portfolio loans.
Industry capital levels have been an important
focus of financial reform, and our capital ratios are stronger than at any other time in the Company’s recent history. Our capital is well in excess of our established internal targets as well as required regulatory well-capitalized minimums and proposed future standards. Our Tier 1 common* ratio was 9.4 percent and increased 187 basis points compared with 2010, and our Tier 1 capital ratio was 11.9 percent at year-end, relative to the U.S. regulatory well-capitalized minimum of 6 percent.
Our strong capital position, together with superior earnings generation and rapidly improving credit results, place Fifth Third in a strong position to increase returns of capital to shareholders. We increased our dividend level twice during 2011,
 * Non-GAAP measure. For further information, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of MD&A.
 6
FIFTH THIRD BANCORP

  ending the year with a quarterly dividend of $0.08 per share. We expect to recommend to the Board of Directors that the common dividend be further increased in 2012, although that will be subject
to a Board decision at the appropriate time. We also expect to recommend that we begin periodic repurchases of common shares in order to enable us to better manage what is now an excess
capital position, representing another source of return of capital to our shareholders. We have submitted a capital plan to the Federal Reserve that incorporates such actions under the new Capital Plan Rule and capital evaluation processes for the 31 largest U.S. bank holding companies. The Federal Reserve is expected to respond to these plans in mid-March.
DIFFERENCE IN PROSPECTS
The past several years have been transformative for the financial services industry. In 2011, we continued to adapt to a new way of operating that is a product of both heightened regulatory standards and the state of the economic recovery. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act entered a substantial part of its rule-making phase this past year, with nearly one-third of an estimated 400 rules proposed, but only about 20 percent finalized. The goals of reform are clear and we continue to support the objectives related to reducing risk in the industry and stabilizing the economy and financial markets. While many of the
rules have yet to be implemented, we believe that the direction of regulatory reform aligns well with our mix of businesses and products and with our approach to delivering customer value.
Although challenges remain, I firmly believe that 2012 and the future hold significant promise for Fifth Third. We will remain focused on driving innovative solutions, with knowledgeable bankers attuned to local markets, listening to our customers and assisting them in creating solutions to meet their needs and enabling them to take advantage of new opportunities. We aim to be the first
choice and the trusted advisor for our retail and commercial customers.
I appreciate our employees’ ingenuity and continued focus on our customers every day. You can rest assured that we will never stop exploring, pursuing and implementing new and better ways to deliver value to our customers and shareholders.
Sincerely,
Kevin T. Kabat
President and Chief Executive Officer February 2012
  2011 ANNUAL REPORT 7
We will remain focused on driving innovative solutions, with knowledgeable bankers attuned to local markets, listening to our customers and assisting them in creating solutions to meet their needs and enabling them to take advantage of new opportunities.
