  PRESIDENT’S LETTER
  George A. Schaefer, Jr.
President & CEO
Fifth Third Bancorp
Dear Shareholders and Friends,
It gives me great pleasure to report to you that 2003 was another good year for Fifth Third. Earnings per diluted share were $3.03, an increase of 10 percent over last year’s $2.76. Return on average assets was 2.01 percent and return on average equity was 20.4 percent on a strong capital base, continuing our long history of high returns and once again ranking among the best in the industry. Our four lines of business – Retail and Commercial Banking, Investment Advisors and Electronic Payment Processing – continued to provide strong results in 2003 with total revenues up 10 percent for the full year. The 2003 dividend of $1.13 per share was a 15 percent increase over last year and a 36 percent increase over the 2001 annual dividend. Other highlights include:
•Retail Banking continued expansion plans with the opening of 58 new banking centers since December 2002 and delivered 12 percent growth in average consumer checking accounts and record levels of productivity on a per banking center basis.
• Our Investment Advisors group posted strong investment performance, added significantly to its customer base and finished the year on a high note as revenue accelerated in the fourth quarter to a 14 percent year over year growth rate.
• Our Electronic Payment Processing team contributed 12 percent revenue growth in 2003 despite a tough environment in terms of year over year comparisons for retailers.
• Commercial Banking welcomed a record number of new middle market relationships during the year, driving 37 percent growth in commercial demand deposits and 13 percent growth in commercial banking revenues.
• Our consumer lending and residential mortgage group had a record year in 2003 with very strong loan and revenue growth.
While 2003 was certainly not an easy year, I believe we accomplished a great deal. We were faced with the lowest level of interest rates in over 40 years, earning asset yields and margins declining to levels not seen since the 1970’s and business and economic stress in some segments of the economy that resulted in credit losses well in excess of our historical averages. Despite these factors, we were able to produce solid earnings growth driven by a focused loan and deposit sales effort and continued growth from our service businesses. We also invested significantly in strengthening your investment in Fifth Third for the years to come by adding new banking center locations in vibrant growth markets, increasing automation of processes, building a comprehensive risk management infrastructure and welcoming numerous talented and experienced bankers to the Fifth Third team.
Over the years, we have delivered value to our shareholders by staying committed to and focused on the things we do best. Banking is first and foremost a relationship business where the strength of the competition and challenges for growth can vary in every market and indeed on every street corner. I’ve always believed that the bank with the best people will eventually gain leading market share over time. In realization of these facts, we strive to operate the company through many small units and give individual managers, from the banking center to the executive level, the opportunity to drive results. All of our lines
of business report to local presidents in each of our markets and all of our managers are evaluated based on financial performance. We continue to strive to make all of our employees business owners that share in the success of the businesses they are building, and I am consistently amazed at the ideas that talented and passionate people come up with when they are given the incentives and opportunity to succeed. More so than at any time in our history, this promise of being recognized and rewarded for individual contributions at Fifth Third is attracting experienced, passionate and energetic bankers to work for us. These people bring with them new and better ideas that are implemented across the company to the benefit of each and every one of us as owners. In all, we are reaching sales and
2

 productivity results on a per banking center and relationship manager basis that I never would have dreamed possible three years ago – levels of growth and production that business managers and banking center personnel have now shown to be commonplace. This is the essence of capitalism, the heart of our affiliate banking model and I believe the single largest reason for our strong performance.
In the pages that follow, I invite you to read about the history and performance of a few of our affiliates. Individually, each of these markets presents very different challenges, opportunities for growth and competitive dynamics. As a result, the steps necessary to improve bottom-line performance and increase market share have been and continue to be different as well. Taken together, these individual growth stories demonstrate our approach to the business and further illustrate that the best decisions are made by the people familiar with the market and the customers. In all, our 17 affiliates continue to generate excellent growth and we now have 10 affiliates each of which have local assets in excess of $4 billion.
The past couple of years have brought about a number of changes in our economy as corporate America continues to respond to changes in regulations and the challenges and shortcomings illustrated by recent corporate scandals. I believe that good companies have a very real opportunity to differentiate themselves in this environment and Fifth Third is committed to being among them. In 2003, we made significant investments to enhance our internal control structure, internal audit department, and build an enterprise-wide risk management function that will help ensure the scalability and strength of your company. These improvements in processes and infrastructure complement our local market operating model and meet the needs of a larger and growing financial institution. Fifth Third has long been known for its commitment to measurement and accountability at every level of our organization and this holds true for our commitment to maintaining best-in-class governance and oversight functions as well.
The banking industry began 2003 with investor concerns about the effects of falling interest rates on net interest margins and credit quality in a stalled economy. As we begin 2004, the concerns are focused on the low level of interest rates and the implications
for revenue growth in the industry. Low levels of interest rates and inflation can have very negative impacts on investment opportunities and force good companies to carefully evaluate their businesses and ensure that resources are invested in those areas that produce the best returns. Fifth Third remains committed to investing where we feel we have a competitive advantage within our core middle market commercial and retail customer base. You can expect to see us rationalize and exit smaller businesses in 2004 that
do not meet our strict return criteria as we strive to ensure that expense levels are in line with growth opportunities. In all, we are excited about the future as Fifth Third continues to produce very strong returns on a balance sheet that is among the least leveraged in our industry, expects near-term credit quality trend improvement, maintains a cost advantage over our competitors and continues to have significant sales momentum in all of our markets.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Thomas B. Donnell, Donald B. Shackelford and David J. Wagner, all of whom retired from our Board of Directors in 2003. Their insight and guidance have been extremely valuable over the years and they will be missed.
I would also like to thank our customers, employees, board members and the communities in our 17 affiliates for their contributions in producing another successful year and their continued support and confidence. Fifth Third remains focused on continuing to drive revenue and deposit growth, increasing the contribution of our Investment Advisors and Electronic Payment Processing divisions in each of our markets and gaining market share by striving to meet all the financial services needs of our customers. It is with a great deal of pride that we announce another year of solid growth and look forward to meeting the opportunities and challenges that 2004 will provide.
Sincerely,
George A. Schaefer, Jr. President & CEO January 2004
 3
