A MESSAGE TO
OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 KEvin T. KAbAT
ChAirMAn, PrESidEnT And ChiEf ExECuTivE OffiCEr
Dear Shareholders:
While overall conditions improved this year, 2009 still presented a challenging environ- ment for the banking industry. Despite these headwinds, Fifth Third took important steps on a number of fronts to position the Company well for the current environment and the future. We’ve strengthened the Company’s capital position to industry-leading levels, we’ve dealt with root causes of elevated credit losses which we and our competitors are experiencing, and we’ve otherwise maintained strong operating results throughout the economic downturn. Due to these actions, we believe our prospects for success are strong as we move into 2010, a year that should provide for improved results, particularly in terms of credit.
Entering this economic cycle, Fifth Third was in the midst of a strategic transition. We were actively engaged in strengthening our management team, solidifying our footprint with the integration of our Southeastern acquisitions, and well into implementing a strategic plan that included improving customer satisfaction and employee engagement. Even in this downturn, we’ve made substantial progress on all of these initiatives, which will contribute significantly to our bottom line results as we emerge from this economic cycle. We’ve been proactive in con- fronting challenges and have led other financial institutions in adjusting our product offerings to meet customer needs, modifying loans, conducting internal stress tests, and developing long- term capital plans. We’re now beginning to see investor focus return to long-term profitability and normalized earnings potential and away from worst-case scenarios and capital adequacy.
 fifth third bancorp | 2009 annual report 1

Overall, I’m pleased with the performance of our core businesses in 2009 and, as credit trends improve, I expect to see more of our top-line results benefit the bottom line. I am also pleased that our stock outperformed industry benchmarks in 2009. Fifth Third’s stock price appreciated by 18 percent during 2009, compared with a 9 percent decline for the S&P Commercial Banks index. That appreciation in share price ranked third of the 14 banks included in the Index.
review of significant events
We have seen a number of unprecedented developments over the past 18 months or so, and I’d like to share a few words about those events and our actions throughout this period.
The financial crisis, which began in 2007, intensified in the latter part of 2008. It has since surpassed any our industry has experienced since the 1930s. In the first half of 2008, we at Fifth Third concluded that the economic downturn was likely to deepen and, as a result, we would experience an increased level of credit losses into 2009. This expectation has proven to be accurate. Based on our internal stress tests at the time, we developed a three-part capital plan to posi- tion ourselves for the expected downturn. We raised $1.1 billion in convertible preferred stock in June 2008, made the difficult decision to reduce our dividend, and began to explore what eventually became the sale of a controlling interest in Fifth Third Processing Solutions, our payments processing business.
In the fall of 2008, the U.S. government launched a variety of programs to address the financial crisis. This included the Capital Purchase Program (CPP), under which investments were made in healthy bank holding companies to main- tain lending in their communities. Fifth Third accepted an investment under the CPP of $3.4 billion in preferred stock and associated warrants. In 2009, we paid approximately $170 million in dividend payments on the U.S. Treasury’s investment. We expect to repay this investment, subject to regulatory approval, as soon as practical in a manner that considers the interests of all of our constituencies, including shareholders.
In early 2009, the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury an- nounced the Supervisory Capital Assessment Program (SCAP) for the 19 largest U.S. bank holding companies, including Fifth Third, to evaluate the levels and quality of capital for
these banks. These “stress tests” utilized assumptions about the future that were significantly more adverse than gener- ally expected at the time. Even under these conservative as- sumptions, Fifth Third’s capital levels remained significantly above regulatory “well-capitalized” minimums. However, we, and a number of other commercial banks participating in the SCAP process, were asked to commit to increase the common equity component of our overall capital base. We subsequently generated $2 billion of Tier 1 common equity, relative to what was assumed under the SCAP – nearly 80 percent more than our $1.1 billion commitment – creating a larger additional capital “buffer” than any of these other commercial banks.
We also announced and completed the sale of a control- ling interest in our payments processing business to Advent International in the first half of 2009. This transaction closed in June 2009 and generated $1.3 billion in capital in a highly efficient manner. We also retain significant ownership in the joint venture and its ongoing value creation. Additionally, Advent’s expertise in international payments processing increases the potential to unlock growth opportunities for Fifth
Third Processing Solutions in previously untapped markets. As 2009 progressed, economic trends improved and our results have significantly surpassed those assumed under the government’s stress test adverse scenario. We’ve also seen a number of early indicators emerge suggesting further improvement in the economy may be developing, although growth is not yet robust. For example, S&P Case-Shiller data
showed housing price stabilization in the latter part of 2009. Unemployment also has seen some stabilization while remain- ing at elevated levels nationally. The U.S. also experienced positive Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth during the last few months of 2009, a positive sign. We’re seeing early signs of recovery, and we’re optimistic that the environment will continue to improve in 2010.
As you might imagine, the volatility in the economy has had a significant impact on customer behavior. Commercial loan demand remains low, and credit line utilization is the lowest I’ve seen in my career. Customers continue to be cau- tious in early 2010, although we’ve begun to see some signs of renewed appetite for expansion and investment. Retail customers also are showing a great deal of conservatism. Savings rates as a percentage of disposable income continue
 2
fifth third bancorp | 2009 annual report

 “wE’rE MAkinG STrOnG PArTnErShiPS wiTh CuSTOMErS durinG ThiS diffiCulT TiME, And EvEry CuSTOMEr
wE hElP STAy in hiS Or hEr hOME TOdAy PrOvidES
A STrOnG fOundATiOn fOr
A lifElOnG rElATiOnShiP wiTh fifTh Third.”
 fifth third bancorp | 2009 annual report 3

to climb as Americans reduce their household debts and remain reluctant to take on additional leverage. Although this deleveraging will slow the pace of recovery, consumer debt burdens have proven unsustainable and this process will help provide a more stable foundation for future eco- nomic prosperity.
Even though demand was lower in 2009, we continued to lend prudently and extended over $75 billion of credit. We had a record year for mortgage originations in 2009 and financed $23 billion of mortgages. These strong results reflect the currently low interest rate environment, strong sales performance, and the disappearance of many non-bank competitors from the market. I’m pleased with our results, particularly because we’ve significantly enhanced our credit risk management over the past several years. We eliminated all brokered home equity production in 2007, and suspended residential development and non-owner occupied Commercial Real Estate lending in early 2008 until excess inventories are reduced. Additionally, we’ve implemented strict geographic and industry concentration limits over the past several years to ensure our exposures to each market are appropriate given economic conditions.
While prevention of future problems is important, we also recognize that working through existing troubled situations is critical to our long-term performance. Fifth Third has in- vested significantly in loss mitigation, and nearly 5 percent of our workforce is currently dedicated to working out problem loans. We now have more than 250 professionals working with commercial borrowers across our footprint on a wide variety of issues. We’ve also established dedicated teams who conduct weekly reviews of particular portfolios – including auto manufacturing and dealerships, residential construc- tion, and non-owner occupied commercial real estate. These actions enhanced our performance in 2009, as well as our lending infrastructure for the future.
Within our consumer lending business, we have nearly 600 people helping customers work through loan payment issues. Since inception, we’ve restructured more than $2.7 billion of consumer loans. I’m proud that we started this program in early 2007, well ahead of the initiation of the government’s mortgage modification programs. We’ve deployed people door- to-door, hosted town hall meetings, and made Fifth Third’s
“eBus” available throughout our footprint to educate people
about their options to restructure loans. Overall, we’ve found that establishing constructive relationships early on has been the best way to optimize outcomes for distressed customers and Fifth Third. This initiative has been very successful, and our re-default rates have generally been better than industry averages. We’re making strong partnerships with customers during this difficult time, and every customer we help stay in his or her home today provides a strong foundation for a lifelong relationship with Fifth Third.
2009 results
Turning to financial results in 2009, we reported net income of $737 million or $511 million of net income to common shareholders after preferred dividends. These results included a $1.1 billion after-tax gain on our processing trans- action and $206 million in net benefit to earnings related to our interest in Visa, Inc.
While below 2008 levels, net loan losses remained el- evated at $2.6 billion. Additionally, we increased the loan loss reserve by providing nearly $1 billion in excess of net loan losses during 2009. At year-end, our loan loss reserves were among the strongest coverage levels in the industry, at 4.88 percent of loans and 116 percent of nonperforming as- sets. We currently expect net loan losses to decline in 2010. We don’t expect significant further reserve building to be necessary given our reserve position and expectation for an improvement in credit losses in 2010.
Our capital position also is strong on both an absolute basis and relative to our peers. We’ve been proactive in managing our capital position throughout this cycle, as evi- denced by our Tier 1 capital ratio of 13.3 percent at year-end compared with 10.6 percent at the end of 2008. Our Tangible Common Equity (TCE) ratio of 6.5 percent also increased significantly from 2008 and compares very favorably with our peers.
While credit and capital have been focus areas for the industry during the past year, we continue to have positive momentum in a number of our businesses. In 2009 we generated $553 million of mortgage banking revenue, an increase of $354 million, or 178 percent compared with 2008. Net interest margin expanded significantly, rising every quarter since 1Q 2009. We also had an exceptional
 4
fifth third bancorp | 2009 annual report

“BAnkS hAvE rETurnEd TO ThEir TrAdiTiOnAl PriMAry rOlE in CrEdiT MArkET inTErMEdiATiOn, And ThAT
PlAyS TO ThE STrEnGThS Of COMMuniTy And rEGiOnAl BAnkS
likE fifTh Third.”
year for deposit growth, growing deposits in every one of our affiliate markets, and increasing our deposit market share in 75 percent of them. Demand deposits were up $4.1 billion, or 27 percent on a year-over-year basis, fueled by strong growth in both the consumer and commercial deposit books, and core deposits increased $9.8 billion, or 15 percent on a year-over-year basis.
These results represent our continued commitment to executing our strategic plan across all of our businesses. We believe we are well-prepared for the future given our con- tinued strong pre-provision profitability and robust reserve and capital levels.
strategic initiatives and lines of business
In 2009, we made considerable progress executing our strategic plan, as we continued to innovate and present a consistent brand experience across all of our lines of busi- ness and affiliates.
Our Commercial Banking line of business produced strong deposit growth in 2009. End of year demand deposits increased $3.7 billion on a year-over-year basis,
and core deposits increased $7.9 billion on a year-over- year basis. Our new Remote Deposit Capture product is an industry-leading solution and continues to be adopted by customers, bringing our total number of scanners to 4,200, a 20 percent increase.
We’ve also had continued success within Branch Banking. We’ve increased both the number of households we serve and also the depth of those relationships, with the average number of products per household increasing by more than a third since 2007. During 2009 we also successfully introduced a number of new retail products. Our high-value checking products – including our Gold, Secure and Rewards checking accounts – bundle services such as identity theft protection with a traditional transaction account and include product discounts as well. All of these products deliver value-added fee-based services to customers rather than relying heavily on transaction fees for revenue generation. We also continued to see increased levels of customer satisfaction, and 2009 was the third consecutive year that the Bank experienced double-digit growth in customer loyalty. Our mobile bank- ing platform now has more than 25,000 customers accessing their accounts through mobile devices, and our application, 53.mobi, was rated “A - Exceptional” by ABI Research as one
 fifth third bancorp | 2009 annual report
5

of the top customer-friendly mobile banking sites.
As I mentioned earlier, 2009 was a record year for our Consumer Lending line of business, where we generated over $500 million of mortgage banking revenue. It also was
a strong year for our auto lending operations, which contin- ued to perform well and benefitted from the retrenchment of other competitors. In 2009 we increased market share and improved credit quality for our auto lending operations – a result that we’re very pleased with considering the operat- ing environment. Our credit card business outperformed the industry in 2009 and remains an important relationship product with our existing customer base. We remain commit- ted to offering responsible credit solutions to our customers while maintaining a focus on long-term value creation for our shareholders.
Our Investment Advisors business was negatively affected by the market turmoil in the early part of 2009. Our advisors worked closely with customers during this time to find ways to help them mitigate the effects of this turmoil and plan for their futures. These activities have resulted in improved service levels and customer satisfaction. Within our retail brokerage segment we posted strong growth in 2009, with net new brokerage assets of $648 million and year-over-year insurance revenue growth of 99 percent.
We continue to remain focused on the things we can control and which add value, and to execute on our core strategies. We also expect to maintain or develop a market- leading position where we operate, and expect numerous opportunities to deepen our presence in our markets as the industry consolidates further over the next several years.
looking forward
While we expect better economic conditions and improved business results in 2010, it will likely be a challenging year as the economy remains under pressure. Financial regulators in the U.S. and abroad are considering a wide variety of pro- posals that will have an impact on all financial institutions. Many of these proposals focus on size and capital markets activities, like proprietary trading, which have never been significant at Fifth Third. Fifth Third’s focus is – and has always been – traditional banking on a regional and com- munity basis. We support a number of proposed regulations
to the extent they do not hinder our ability to continue to extend credit to customers at a reasonable cost.
I believe that the role of strong regional commercial banks has been reaffirmed by the crisis. Many of the exotic or inap- propriate types of credit that played such a significant role in the financial crisis were fueled by non-bank lenders and secondary loan markets. These sources of credit nearly disap- peared during the crisis, and may never fully recover or return. As a result, banks have returned to their traditional primary role in credit market intermediation, and that plays to the strengths of community and regional banks like Fifth Third.
We at Fifth Third remain committed to our local markets and contributing to their economic recovery, by:
• meeting the credit, investment and savings needs of our communities
• providing a strong value proposition for our customers, with appropriate products meeting the financial needs of customers at a fair price
• offering convenience to our customers through our branch network and other delivery channels
• understanding and supporting local markets and acting as a good community citizen
Going forward, we will invest in talent management and
promise career development opportunities for our employees. We will provide tailored solutions for the financial needs of our customers. And, for our shareholders, we are pledged to reward your investment in our Company by continuing to lead, innovate, and outperform our competitors as we move forward into the future.
Thank you for your confidence in Fifth Third through an unforgiving and unpredictable environment. We look forward to better times and better performance in 2010.
Sincerely,
Kevin T. Kabat
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
February 2010
  6
fifth third bancorp | 2009 annual report
