 SHAREHOLDERS’ LETTER
  Several strategic initiatives were designed to increase shareholder value.
Over the past three years, we have forged ahead with our efforts to build shareholder value by completing our reposi- tioning to a pure-play athletic retail business while embed- ding – throughout our organization – a renewed focus on the strategic discipline and operational fundamentals upon which our athletic footwear and apparel business was first built. Towards these ends, we have implemented several strategic initiatives, including developing private-label mer- chandise offerings, creating a multi-dimensional real estate program, launching an integrated Internet channel, refining our infrastructure to be more cost-efficient and completing the divestitures of all non-athletic businesses. The success- ful implementation of these initiatives has contributed to our significantly improved profitability, strong cash flow and solid balance sheet.
Today, Foot Locker, Inc. is well positioned as the leader
in the specialty athletic retail industry, both home and abroad, with retail stores successfully operating in the United States, Europe, Canada and Australia. The ability to operate profitably in international markets provides
our Company with geographic diversification and exciting growth opportunities. Another area of strength is our Direct-to-Customers business, comprising our industry- leading catalog and Internet channels. Our success is visi- ble in the results we reported in fiscal year 2002.
Looking to the future, we are confident that we will prof- itably build on our industry-leading position. Significant store growth opportunities have been identified in the
United States and the 13 other countries where we have a proven presence, with a particular emphasis in western Europe. We also plan to continue the growth of our highly profitable Direct-to-Customers business. In short, we are moving forward with a focused growth strategy that we expect to carefully implement over the next several years. This growth strategy builds on all that we have accom- plished over the past three years, and will continue to be balanced with our ongoing commitment to maintain a strong liquidity position and strengthened balance sheet.
2002 Year in Review
2002 proved to be a very challenging year for the retail industry in most markets in which we operate. Consumer spending remained subdued throughout the year and cus- tomer traffic, particularly in United States shopping malls, decreased from prior year levels. We are pleased that, in spite of these economic and retail challenges, we contin- ued to generate earnings growth and strengthen our finan- cial base, thereby providing us with a platform to explore other opportunities to build shareholder value. From increased earnings through top-line sales growth and ongoing expense management, to major progress in reduc- ing debt, net of cash, we continued to meet or exceed our objectives. We also further differentiated our businesses from the competition by maintaining a standard of excel- lence unparalleled in the athletic retail industry. Highlights include:
• Athletic Stores sales increased 4.0 percent in 2002, reaching $316 per average gross square foot versus $306 last year, reflecting our growing and more produc- tive store base, and strengthening foreign exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar.
   2

      • Sales in our Direct-to-Customers Internet and catalog business grew by 7.1 percent and, more important, operating profit before corporate expense, net grew by 67 percent.
• Income from continuing operations grew 43 percent, to $1.10 per share compared with $0.77 per share last year.
• Debt, net of cash was reduced by $184 million to zero at year end 2002, accomplishing a key objective that the Company established in early 1999.
We are pleased that we increased our earnings per share from continuing operations in each quarter versus the comparable quarter of the prior year. We also continued to strengthen our balance sheet, which remains a high priori- ty for our Company. During 2002, in recognition of our much improved financial results and balance sheet, Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s Investor Services upgraded our credit ratings to BB+ and Ba2, respectively.
Given the Company’s strengthened financial position, our Board of Directors approved a shareholder dividend pro- gram in 2002, annualized at $0.12 per share. This program was initiated with a $0.03 per share quarterly payment on January 31, 2003. During 2002, our Board of Directors also authorized a three-year, $50 million share repurchase pro- gram to enable the Company to purchase its common stock, from time to time, based on market conditions and other factors.
Our strong cash flow allowed us to continue to increase our store base. During 2002, we opened 157 new stores, concentrating our growth in markets where we had oppor- tunities to strengthen our presence. Europe continues to be our most significant growth opportunity, where we opened 57 stores in 2002, ending the year with 377 total stores. Our new Foot Locker and Champs Sports stores at Times Square in New York City were two of our most excit- ing projects.
Last year, we also continued to invest in our infrastructure and initiate projects that we expect will benefit our Company in the future. One such project was the expan- sion of our Footlocker.com/Eastbay distribution center, doubling its capacity to meet the expected needs of this business for the next several years. Another important project was the development of a plan to roll out a new point-of-sale system, beginning in 2003, to our U.S. stores. We are already enjoying the benefits of a similar state-of-the-art system in our European operation.
The Year Ahead
As we enter 2003, Foot Locker, Inc.’s financial and opera- tional position is strong and we fully intend to benefit from our many competitive strengths. These strengths, including our industry leading market share position, glob- al diversification, private-label sourcing capabilities, mul- tiple channels of distribution, and management depth at both the divisional and corporate levels, provide a strong foundation on which our Company can continue to grow.
3

 Gross Square Footage 2003
 Store Summary
Foot Locker
Lady Foot Locker
Kids Foot Locker
Foot Locker International ChampsSports
Total
February 2,
2002 Opened
1,472 63 632 1 391 1 521 66 574 26
Remodeled/ February 1,
Closed Relocated 2003
58 81 1,477 27 30 606 15 8 377
4 39 583 18 47 582
Average
Size
4,100 2,200 2,400 2,800 5,600
Total Targeted
(in thousands) Openings
6,043 25 1,362 — 912 — 1,639 60 3,262 15
  3,590 157 122 205 3,625
3,600 13,218 100
  Two years ago, we identified three key strategies designed to propel our earnings to higher levels over the next sever- al years. These strategies are to improve the productivity of our existing business, open 1,000 new stores and increase the profitability of our Direct-to-Customers busi- ness. Our ongoing success is largely attributable to the successful implementation of these initiatives.
We expect to improve the productivity of our existing busi- ness through the continued execution of our diligent expense control process and real estate strategies. During 2003, the Company plans to accelerate its remodel and relocation program, with approximately 500 projects planned, with a significant percentage of the total target- ed to our Foot Locker and Lady Foot Locker stores in the United States. Our objective is to increase our sales from $316 to $350 per average gross square foot and our oper- ating profit margin from 6.0 to 8.5 percent of sales over the next several years – two key performance measure- ments that we use to monitor the improvement in our businesses’ productivity.
At the end of 2002, nearly 30 percent of our 1,000 store opening program had been completed. We plan to contin- ue to open new stores, concentrating in markets where we have a proven track record, being careful not to cannibal- ize sales from our existing stores. In 2003, we also plan to move into three new markets – Portugal, Greece and New Zealand.
We are encouraged by the strength and increased profit opportunities of our Footlocker.com/Eastbay business that sells athletic products direct to customers through cata- logs and the Internet. This business is poised for several years of continued growth, particularly as the Internet continues to become a more widely used medium for retail commerce. We plan to explore new business ventures with well-known, industry-leading third parties, such as the strategic alliance that we entered into with Amazon.com during 2002 that allows Footlocker.com to be a featured brand in its new Apparel & Accessories online store.
As we continue to expand our Company, we will maintain a sharp focus on managing our expenses, cash flow and financial position. We also plan to provide an ongoing cash return to our shareholders, carefully balanced with our objective of further strengthening our credit ratings.
Community Involvement
We feel proud and privileged to be a part of the communi- ties in which we operate, and continually explore opportu- nities to further our involvement in aiding humanitarian activities. For example, in 2002, our associates participat- ed with and contributed to many charities including the American Cancer Society, Fred Jordan Mission in Los Angeles and the United Way of New York City.
     4

 Foot Locker, Inc. remains well-positioned in the specialty athletic retail industry to continue to generate meaningful earnings growth.
In addition, in late 2001, Foot Locker, Inc. established the Foot Locker Foundation, Inc. for the purpose of raising and donating funds to charitable causes. During December 2002, the Foundation hosted its second annual "On Our Feet" fund-raising benefit with more than 1,000 members of the sporting community rallying together and raising funds for the benefit of worthy causes such as the United Way of New York City.
Acknowledgements
We recognize that our hard working and loyal worldwide associates are our greatest assets and a key competitive strength. It is through their efforts and dedication that our Company was able to strengthen its leadership position within the athletic industry during the past three years and remain well positioned for future profitable growth.
The strength of Foot Locker, Inc. is significantly enhanced by its long-standing business relationships with its many industry-leading vendors. In particular, we benefit from the strength of our key merchandise suppliers who consis- tantly provide our businesses with athletic offerings that meet the fashion-tastes of our customers. We believe these merchandise suppliers, as a group, are the best that serv- ice the retail industry.
Our Company is also fortunate to benefit from the strength of an experienced and diverse Board of Directors. Its guid- ance continues to contribute to the ongoing success of our Company.
In summary, we are very encouraged by our progress dur- ing the past three years and are optimistic about the future of our Company. We believe that we are well posi- tioned in the athletic retail industry to continue to grow our Company profitably and provide a meaningful return to our shareholders. Thank you for your continuing support of Foot Locker, Inc.
J. Carter Bacot Chairman of the Board
Matthew D. Serra
President and Chief Executive Officer
     Matthew D. Serra
President and Chief Executive Officer
  J. Carter Bacot
Chairman of the Board
5
