LETTEr TO SHArEHOLDErS
I believe 2010 will be seen as an inflection point for creating sustainable increased value for our shareholders.
Having completed my first full year as Chairman and CEO of Foot Locker, Inc.,
I can reflect on our accomplishments
in 2010 with a great deal of pride and appreciation. It was a year of significant progress as we began to execute the initiatives of our new strategic plan. This plan, which was developed by our senior management team and supported by our Board, will enable us to achieve our vision for the future -- “To be the leading global retailer of athletically inspired shoes and apparel.”
During our planning process, we identified many opportunities to enhance shareholder value by leveraging our competitive strengths to deliver sales and profit growth. While in the early stages, as we implemented parts of the plan and acted on those opportunities last year, our financial results began to improve.
From both an operational and financial standpoint, I am proud of the great strides we made last year and how we positioned ourselves for the future. Indeed, I believe 2010 will be seen as an inflection point
for creating sustainable increased value for our shareholders. I appreciate the responsiveness and hard work of our associates worldwide, who deserve the lion’s share of the credit for our success in the first year of a long-term journey.
Strategic Priorities
This year’s annual report is designed to highlight our six strategies over the next several years, as well as the key initiatives that we have identified to support them. The pages that follow highlight those initiatives and how they positively affected our results:
• Be the Power Merchandiser of athletic footwear and apparel
with clearly-defined Brand Banners
• Develop a compelling Apparel Assortment
• Make our stores and Internet sites Exciting Places to shop and buy
• Aggressively pursue Growth Opportunities
• Increase the Productivity of all of our assets
• Build on our Industry Leading Retail Team
We expect that our financial performance will continue to gain momentum over the years ahead as we reap the benefits expected from these strategic initiatives. While we made a great deal of progress this past year, we are determined to maintain a brisk pace of improvement in the future.
2010 Financial Results
Our financial results for 2010 reflect
strong sales and profit gains in the United States and key international markets in both our store and direct-to-customers segments. Total sales increased to $5.0 billion, reflecting a comparable-store sales increase of 5.8 percent. Our adjusted gross margin rate increased 230 basis points to 30.0 percent and our total expense rate, including selling, general and administrative costs and depreciation, improved by 30 basis points compared
to last year. Together, these results contributed to a 104 percent increase
in our adjusted earnings per share. A complete compilation and reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP adjusted results accompanies this letter in the
Form 10-K.
These results validate the fact that our new strategic plan is working. The focus that we placed on implementing new initiatives and improving our execution in 2010 combined to drive both higher and more consistent sales and earnings than in the past three years. As a result, we made notable progress last year toward the achievement of the long-term financial objectives that we announced in March 2010. We said then that these were goals that would “stretch” our organization, to ensure we are playing our best game on all fronts, over the long term.
The following table summarizes the progress that we made in 2010 toward the achievement of our five-year targets which we continue to believe are realistic and attainable:
            3
Sales (billions)
Sales per gross square foot Adjusted EBIT margin Adjusted net income margin Return on invested capital
2009 2010
$ 4.9 $ 5.0 $333 $360 2.8% 5.4% 1.8% 3.4% 5.3% 8.3%
Long-term Objective
$ 6.0 $400 8.0% 5.0%
10.0%

 The strong
financial position
of our Company
remains one of
the pillars that
supports our business
and provides flexibility for
the future. Our cash flow generation
last year was also significant as our financial performance improved and we increased the productivity of our assets. As a result, we increased the redeployment of our
cash in a number of ways. During 2010,
we increased capital expenditures to $97 million, paid dividends to our shareholders of $93 million, repurchased $50 million of our common stock and contributed $32 million to our North American pension plans. We also announced a 10 percent increase in our common stock dividend, beginning with the first quarter payment
of 2011.
Core values
While we have been hard at work developing and executing our new strategic priorities, managing our business on a day-to-day basis and making decisions for the future, we also recognized the
need to formalize the core values that our associates operate under every day. These core values, which are detailed on the following pages, are the underpinning of our corporate culture.
Taken together, our core values reflect what is truly important to us as an organization. They are permanent in nature and do not change based upon a current business situation. It is a high priority for our Company to ensure that our associates worldwide remain
proud of being an integral part
of Foot Locker, Inc. We
are committed to these
values and believe that
they will contribute
to our ongoing
success.
Conclusion and Looking Ahead
We are very encouraged by the progress that we achieved in 2010. Our improved financial performance resulted from developing and executing our business plan effectively; working with our industry- leading suppliers to provide us with new, exciting assortments of athletic footwear and apparel; and providing an improved shopping experience to better meet the needs of our customers.
While we are proud of our accomplish- ments in 2010, we recognize that we have just begun. Our progress in 2010 gives us confidence that we will build on the posi- tive momentum from last year through 2011 and beyond. As a result, we are optimistic about our future. Our ongoing focus will remain balanced between maximizing the efficiency of our existing businesses, pursu- ing new growth opportunities and rede- ploying excess cash to our stakeholders.
It is likely that uncertainty in the marketplace will continue over the coming months. Therefore, our success will require that we maintain a sharp focus on serving our customers through effective merchandising and superior customer service. We believe that the execution of
our strategic plan will lead to a meaningful increase in shareholder value over the long term.
Our success cannot be achieved without the
ongoing support of our associates worldwide, our valued
business partners and our long-term shareholders. We have also benefitted greatly from the guidance of our Board of Directors, as their contributions during the past year were instrumental in setting our Company on a new path to success. In February 2011, we welcomed two new directors to our Board, Guillermo Marmol and Allen Questrom, whose valuable knowledge and expertise will be strong complements to our Board. My sincere thanks go to our entire Board for their ongoing support of Foot Locker, Inc. and their commitment, along with that of our management team, to bring our vision
to life.
Ken C. Hicks
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
   4
