2
Letter to Shareholders
While we did not set any records, we still emerged on the winning side in 2008 by producing strong cash flow and, on a non-GAAP basis, a mean- ingful profit increase versus the prior year.
We entered 2008 with a view that the pace of business in the global retail environment would be slowing. Conse- quently, we developed the Foot Locker, Inc. game plan for the year with cau- tion. We made conservative business assumptions about consumer spending, planned our inventory below our prior year levels, cut back on expansion plans and reduced our expense base through innovative cost reduction initiatives.
Finally, we developed a strategy to keep our balance sheet strong, with a goal of continuing to operate our busi- ness with low debt and high liquidity.
We believed that this plan was the pru- dent way to approach the coming year... and it served us well. For the most part our organization rose to the many exter- nal challenges that the year presented and, as a result, generated a meaningful year-over-year operating profit increase (before the impact of non-cash impair- ment charges). Additionally, we emerged from 2008 with a strong capital structure and are well positioned to meet the ongoing challenges that we will likely encounter during the coming year.
As 2008 unfolded, declining home values, fears of job losses and ris-
ing unemployment, and decreases in
personal wealth all weakened consumer confidence. The fall off in consumer spending during the second half of the year was precipitous and led to one of the most challenging periods for retailers in more than a generation. Furthermore, the significant decline in consumer spending was not concentrated in a single market or country – it was and continues to be international in its reach, a trend that is likely to continue through- out 2009.
Although the external environment may remain challenging, new business opportunities allowing us to expand
our market share or product offerings may become available. For instance, our acquisition this past year of CCS, the leading direct-to-customers retailer in the United States that sells skateboard footwear, apparel and accessories, was a unique opportunity to expand our reach and appeal to the teenage consumer by adding a complementary retail company to our existing portfolio of athletic busi- nesses.
Executing our Game Plan
We believe that the strategic initia- tives that we undertook in 2008 have improved our Company’s competitive
position in the global retail marketplace. Three specific initiatives – improving our merchandise assortments, updating the atmosphere of our stores and enhancing customer service – were key components of our strategy designed to provide
a better shopping experience to our customers. We plan to continue to focus our efforts on advancing each of these initiatives during the coming year with a goal of improving the sales productivity of our existing businesses.
Merchandise Assortments
Our merchandising improvements during 2008 focused on:
• Increasing our assortments of the most sought-after premium athletic footwear.
• Rebuilding our branded apparel business with both existing and new, highly recognized suppliers.
• Improving our merchandise inventory position.
The benefit to our business of imple- menting these initiatives was meaning- ful and is reflected in our 2008 financial results. We generated very solid sales increases in key premium footwear

  Store Summary
Gross Square Footage
 February 2,
2008 Opened
January 31, Remodeled/ Closed 2009 Relocated
67 1,218 78 22 335 1 45 486 34 28 305 37 18 732 36 28 565 44
208 3,641 230
Average Size
4,100 4,700 2,200 2,400 2,900 5,400 3,700
2008 2009
Total Targeted (thousands) Openings
4,953 6 1,568 0 1,077 1
734 1 2,135 12 3,034 5
13,501 25
 Foot Locker
Footaction
Lady Foot Locker
Kids Foot Locker
Foot Locker International
Champs Sports
Total 3,785 64
1,275 10 356 1 526 5 321 12 731 19 576 17
       categories throughout the year, and improvements in our branded apparel business began to emerge. Additionally, due to our improved inventory position, our clearance markdown activity dur-
ing the year was significantly lower than the prior year, leading to a significant increase in our gross margin rate.
Store Atmosphere
During 2008, we took a more conserva- tive approach than in recent years with regard to opening new stores, shifting our capital spending so that a higher percentage was allocated to updating the appearance of our existing stores. We opened 64 stores; remodeled, or re- located to another location in a mall, 230 stores; and enhanced the appearance of approximately 2,000 stores by installing new flooring, lighting and fixtures. We also closed 208 stores that we projected would not generate an acceptable return on investment for our shareholders.
Customer Service
We believe firmly that providing the very best in customer service is one of the most important attributes of a success- ful specialty retail chain. During 2008, we continued to focus our efforts on improving the shopping experience
for our customers through measures such as additional training of our store associates and developing new in-store technologies.
2008 Financial Scorecard
We recognize that how we execute against our game plan is measured by the final score. Our results for 2008 dem- onstrated that, while we did not set any records, we still emerged on the winning side by producing strong cash flow and, on a non-GAAP basis, a meaningful profit increase versus the prior year. Recogniz- ing early that consumer spending was contracting allowed us to adjust our business strategy in a timely way and, as a result, minimize the negative impact of the rapidly deteriorating external envi- ronment on our financial results.
In brief, here are our financial high- lights of fiscal 2008. A complete compi- lation and reconciliation of our audited GAAP to non-GAAP adjusted results, accompanies this letter in the Form 10-K.
• Adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $0.68 per diluted share in 2008 compared to $0.40 per diluted share in 2007.
• Comparable-store sales decreased 3.2 percent.
• Gross margin rate increased by 180 basis points versus last year.
• Selling, general and administrative expenses, on a constant currency basis, decreased by $9 million versus last year.
• Cash flow from continuing operations, before dividends payments and acqui- sition costs, was $190 million.
At year end, our cash and short-term investments totaled $408 million. Our total cash position, net of debt, of $266 million was $6 million lower than last year reflecting our $146 million capital expen- diture program, $93 million shareholder dividend payments and $106 million cash acquisition of CCS.
2009 Play Book
Until we see enduring signs that the eco- nomic environment has improved and consumer spending has increased, our strategic focus will continue to remain on implementing programs designed
to improve our competitive position in the marketplace. Accordingly, we have employed a conservative approach to running our business in 2009, with an emphasis on cash flow generation and maintaining a strong financial position.
3

 We are confident that we are positioned correctly for the current environment, and are determined to meet and surmount any challenges that may lie ahead.
We have reduced our capital expendi- ture program for 2009 by approximately 30 percent from last year’s amount, to $100 million. Store remodels, store relocations to a more favorable loca-
tion in the mall and systems technology projects designed to enhance customer service will be prioritized in this year’s program.
Another key focus for the year will be improving the management of working capital. Working closely with our suppli- ers, we will strive to reduce our average inventory investment by purchasing more of our merchandise closer to the selling season and by expanding our “quick response” replenishment program selec- tively. We will continue to monitor our merchandise inventory closely and take actions in regard to slow-selling goods on a timely basis.
For the past several years, we have had in place a program that has been instrumental in encouraging our associ- ates to identify and implement new ways to reduce our operating expenses. We believe this program will remain very beneficial to our Company, and expect our associates around the world to continue to develop additional ideas for reducing our expense base further.
Management’s Commitment
Retailing is a business of serving custom- ers. Success in this industry requires understanding the consumer’s needs and expectations, and meeting and surpassing them with fashion-right products and quality customer service. Our Company’s achievements over many years are largely a result of the hard work and dedication of our associates worldwide. We are also grateful to our customers, suppliers and landlords, whose loyalty and partnership are critical to our success.
The dedicated members of our Board of Directors also play a key role in our Company by providing to management their valuable insight and guidance. Their collective backgrounds, knowledge base and years of experience have been indispensable to Foot Locker, Inc. and its continuing path of success.
We recognize our obligation to assist the communities in which we operate. During 2008, the Company and the Foot Locker Foundation were able to help support many worthwhile organizations by making charitable donations.
We also stepped up our efforts to be good citizens, forming a “Green Com- mittee” to encourage our associates to implement initiatives that are environ- mentally friendly. The Green Committee has been embraced warmly by our
associates worldwide, and a number of new initiatives have already been put in place.
Clearly, these are challenging times for retailers, requiring management teams to assess the business prospects of their companies continuously and ad- just their competitive strategies proac- tively. We are fortunate at Foot Locker, Inc. to have a veteran management team with the talent and fortitude to navigate our Company successfully through these uncertain times. At the same time we exercise a cautious business approach, we will continue to consider opportu- nities that offer long-term benefits to
our Company and solid returns to our shareholders – and take advantage of opportunities such as the CCS purchase we made in 2008.
While we are likely to face new hurdles in 2009, we are confident that we are positioned correctly for the current environment, and are determined to meet and surmount any challenges that may lie ahead.
Matthew D. Serra
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
 4
