2
SHAREHOLDERSÕ LETTER
Overall, our business produced solid sales and pre-tax earnings increases in 2005 while also generating strong cash flow that we are actively redeploying to benefit our shareholders.
For Foot Locker, Inc., 2005 was a year of accomplishments, both in positioning our Company to generate greater value for shareholders, and in aggressively address- ing new opportunities and challenges alike. For the most part we produced cred- itable results during the past year, but fell short of the earnings target we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year.
In brief, our performance in certain international markets, primarily in Europe, did not meet our expectations. We have since moved quickly to address several internal and external factors that con- tributed to profit declines in these mar- kets. To continue our success as a global specialty retailer, we must anticipate worldwide consumer trends and meet or exceed the needs of our customers. Towards this end, we are working actively with our suppliers to better assure that we provide to our customers, wherever they reside, the most fashionable, highest quality products at compelling and com- petitive prices.
On a more positive note, we are pleased with the solid sales and profit gains posted by our combined North American retail store business and direct- to-customers operations. Our Champs Sports and recently-acquired Footaction businesses were our star performers for the year, while our Footlocker.com/ Eastbay direct-to-customers business posted our highest division profit margin rate.
Not to be overlooked in 2005 were the steps we continued to take to improve our financial footing: We further strengthened our balance sheet by reducing our finan- cial liabilities, while also significantly increasing the amount of cash that we returned to our shareholders through div- idends and a share repurchase program.
2005 Financial Scoreboard
Overall, our business produced solid sales and pre-tax earnings increases while also generating strong cash flow that we are actively redeploying to benefit our share- holders.
The following highlights our achieve- ments in 2005:
¥ Total sales increased 5.6 percent to $5.7 billion
¥ Pre-tax profit increased 8.3 percent to $405 million
¥ Earnings per share from continuing operations increased to $1.67
¥ Cash position, net of debt, increased by $134 million
Looking beyond these highlights, 2005 was also a year in which we met a key tar- geted performance metric. We are pleased that we exceeded our $350 sales per aver- age gross square foot objective -- a goal that we established earlier this decade. The improvement in this performance metric provides evidence that the strate-
gies we are employing, designed to enhance the sales productivity of our store fleet, are working as intended. Going forward, we have raised the bar and currently believe that we can enhance the productivity of our stores even further and, over time, achieve sales of $400 per average gross square foot within the next several years.
We are also pleased with our continu- ing success in enhancing the Company's financial position and utilizing our oper- ating cash flow of $355 million to deliver increased value for shareholders. Key investment decisions made during the year included:
¥ Investing $163 million in capital expenditures
¥ Contributing $26 million to our pen- sion funds
¥ Repaying $35 million of long-term debt
¥ Paying $49 million of dividends to our shareholders
¥ Repurchasing $35 million of our com- mon stock
At year end, the Company's cash and short-term investment position, net of long-term debt and capital leases, stood at $261 million, reflecting our strong financial position and balance sheet.

  Store Summary
Foot Locker
Footaction
Lady Foot Locker
Kids Foot Locker
Foot Locker International Champs Sports
Total
Gross Square Footage
2005 2006
January 29,
2005 Opened
1,428 45 349 24 567 8 346 1 707 30 570 11
January 28, Remodeled/
Closed 2006 Relocated
75 1,398 124 10 363 40 21 554 19 20 327 39 14 723 38 25 556 56
Average
Size
4,000 4,700 2,200 2,400 2,900 5,500
Total Targeted
(thousands) Openings
5,626 50 1,718 20 1,241 25
791 20 2,062 35 3,045 25
  3,967 119 165 3,921 316
3,700 14,483 175
 Positioned To Win
As we move forward, we have a number of growth priorities underway that we are confident will position our Company for continued market leadership, strong financial performance and delivery of greater value to our shareholders.
The Company's first growth priority is to fund capital projects designed to enhance our existing business. During 2005, the Company spent approximately 80 percent of its $163 million capital expenditures on store maintenance, remodels and relocations, as well as enhancements to our infrastructure and sales support systems. The remaining 20 percent of the Company's 2005 capital expenditure program was allocated to opening new retail stores. During the year we completed 600 real estate projects, opening 119 new stores, remodeling and relocating 316 stores, and closing 165 stores.
Acquiring compatible athletic footwear and apparel retail companies is another growth priority for our Company. During the prior year, we explored sever- al potential acquisition opportunities that we believe could be a strategic fit with our Company. We plan to continue to pursue carefully acquisition opportuni- ties, maintaining a patient posture to ensure that potential investments are accretive to our earnings per share and
generate a rate of return well in excess of our cost of capital.
We continually seek new opportunities to grow our Company profitably, while prudently maintaining a conservative -- yet efficient -- capital structure designed to minimize our cost of capital. Reducing our financial liabilities and strengthening our balance sheet are important consider- ations as we strive to attain an invest- ment-grade credit rating. With this prior- ity in mind, during 2005 we repaid $35 million of long-term debt and contributed $26 million to our pension plans.
Our Board of Directors is also commit- ed to enhancing shareholder value through both capital appreciation and dividends. Thus, in November 2005, the Board of Directors increased the cash div- idend on Foot Locker, Inc.'s common stock by 20 percent, to an annualized amount of $0.36 per share, reflecting confidence in the ability of management to continue to increase the Company's profitability. During the second quarter of 2005, we began to implement a share repurchase program, with 1.6 million shares purchased for the full year at a cost of $35 million. Additionally, the Board of Directors authorized in February 2006 a new three-year $150 million share repurchase program that may be imple- mented based upon market prices and other factors.
Game Plan -- Expanding Our Reach
Looking to the future, we believe we have many opportunities to accelerate our growth by expanding the reach of our business into both new and existing mar- kets. We expect that these opportunities will include the continued implementa- tion of the growth strategy that we have been successfully executing for several years, as well as the development of new initiatives that will allow us to reach a larger and more diverse customer base.
An integral part of this growth strate- gy is our real estate program, first embarked upon in 2001, and geared at opening 1,000 new stores over several years. In line with this strategy, we opened or acquired 961 new stores over the past five years, while also closing 622 underperforming stores. During this time, we also expanded our store base into six new countries, including Greece and Switzerland this past year.
As we look toward 2006, we have increased our capital expenditure plan to $190 million. This will enable us to accel- erate our store openings to approximate- ly 175 new stores and to expand our reach by testing new markets. We esti- mate that 80 percent of the new stores will be located in the United States and 20 percent in international markets. During 2006, we also plan to close approximately 110 underperforming
3

 Looking to the future, we believe that we have many oppor- tunities to accelerate our growth by expanding the reach of our business into both new and existing markets.
stores. Therefore, we expect our athletic store base to increase by 1-to-2 percent in 2006 and, at year end, we will be oper- ating more stores in each of our formats compared to the beginning of the year.
Another strategy to expand our reach is through an arrangement that we recently negotiated with a well-estab- lished third party franchisee to open Foot Locker franchises in several countries in the Middle East, a region where we do not currently operate stores. We are working together with the franchisee towards a goal of opening six new franchised stores in 2006 and a total of 75 new stores in this region over the next four years.
Finally, we continue to seek ways to increase sales and profits by leveraging our Footlocker.com/Eastbay infrastruc- ture. During 2006, we plan to expand our reach through our direct-to-customers channels by developing a new Internet website and catalog selling men's and women's leather dress shoes.
Home Court Advantages
Today, Foot Locker, Inc. maintains a lead- ership position in the worldwide special- ty athletic footwear and apparel retail industry with almost 4,000 stores in 20 countries. We also operate a highly-prof- itable direct-to-customers business that sells athletic footwear, apparel and equipment through catalogs and the Internet -- channels that complement our retail stores. Our well-known brands, mar- ket share position and diversification pro-
vide many competitive advantages that benefit our Company today and provide an edge as we strive to grow our Company profitably and deliver greater value to our shareholders.
Building a winning culture that has as its core a passion for high performance is of paramount importance to our Company. Today, our associates are fully engaged in our business, focused on their key responsibilities and encouraged to develop new ideas to benefit our organi- zation. It is through the hard work of our associates -- the Company's most impor- tant asset -- that we have successfully increased shareholder value over the years.
Of course, our focus on strong per- formance across all aspects of our busi- ness also extends to our commitment to good corporate citizenship. In particular, we are very proud of the manner in which our organization stepped up to the plate this year to raise funds for several worthy organizations, including the United Negro College Fund, the United Way and the American Cancer Society. Additionally, Foot Locker, Inc. donated more than 80,000 pairs of athletic shoes to Save the Children, primarily to provide aid to the victims of the tsunami disaster in Asia. Our associates worldwide also made gen- erous contributions to assist their fellow associates and families who were adversely affected by hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Wilma.
We believe that our Company also has the distinct advantage of benefitting from the strategic direction and counsel of a Board of Directors comprising indi- viduals with truly exceptional talents. Their guidance over the past several years has contributed significantly to our suc- cess.
Finally, we would like to thank our suppliers, landlords and other business partners who assist us in providing excep- tional goods and services to our valued customers.
We are confident and optimistic regarding the future of Foot Locker, Inc. Several important growth opportunities have been identified that, when imple- mented, we believe will benefit both our near term and longer term financial results. Our organization is strong, our financial position is solid, our infrastruc- ture is well equipped, and we look for- ward with great enthusiasm to our excit- ing future and bright prospects.
Sincerely,
Matthew D. Serra
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
 4
