“The primary driver of our success ---
success that can be seen clearly in our record- setting 2013 financial results --- is the excellent execution of the many initiatives supporting our strategies.”
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
BUILDING ON OUR STRENGTHS
During the past few years, the team at Foot Locker, Inc. has built strong momentum in our overall financial and operational performance. Our Company is the largest retailer of athletic- ally inspired shoes and apparel in the world through our ten distinct store and digital banners. We are a leading destination in North America, Europe, and Australia for customers looking for the best athletic footwear and apparel --- whether that customer is the elite athlete on the court, track, or field; the fashion-oriented “sneakerhead;” someone who is on their feet all day; a kid going to school; or anybody who wants to have the most comfortable, stylish shoes on their feet. We are able to connect with each of them and provide a great experience and product.
To channel our strengths and capitalize on the many opportunities we have in the athletic industry, we established six key strategies in 2010 and updated them in 2012. Our current strategies are to:
• create a clear customer focus, to drive performance in our core athletic banners
• make our stores and internet sites more exciting, relevant places to shop and buy
• deliver exceptional growth in high-potential business segments
• aggressively pursue brand expansion opportunities
• increase the productivity of all of our assets
• build on our industry leading retail team
The primary driver of our success --- success that can be seen clearly in our record-setting 2013 financial results --- is the excellent execution at all levels of the many initiatives supporting our strategies. We continued to make significant progress in 2013 towards all of our key financial objectives, as shown in the table below.
Sales (billions)
Sales per Gross Square Foot
Adjusted EBIT Margin
Adjusted Net Income Margin 1.8%
Return on Invested Capital 5.3% 10.0%
Original 5-Year Plan 2009 Objective*
Current Long-Term Objective
$7.5 $500 11.0% 7.0% 14.0%
2013
$6.5 $460 10.4% 6.6% 14.1%
  $4.9 $6.0 $333 $400 2.8% 8.0%
*Our original objectives were established in early 2010 and replaced by the current long-term objectives in early 2012.
Most of the figures in 2013 represent record performances for our Company, and I am pleased that this is the third consecutive year in which I have been able to write that. We believe we have built a solid, consistent business, and have developed a growing number of strengths and opportunities upon which we can continue to build as we pursue our vision --- to be the leading global retailer of athletically inspired shoes and apparel.
I will outline many of these key strengths in this letter, and through-out the
pages that follow.
5.0%
          4
  
   2013 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Before I discuss our ongoing strengths, I will first
touch on the major highlights of Foot Locker, Inc.’s financial performance in 2013. The Company earned
net income of $432 million in 2013, an increase of 14 percent over last year’s record-setting performance. Earnings per share increased 16 percent, from $2.47
to $2.87, reflecting both the improved net income and the investment we have made in reducing our outstanding share count by repurchasing shares of our stock.
Comparable store sales increased 4.2 percent in 2013, while total sales increased 6.6 percent to $6.5 billion. The difference in growth between comparable store sales and total sales was due primarily to our acquisition this past summer of Runners Point Group,
an exciting addition to our business.
In a challenging retail environment notable in 2013 for its promotional intensity, we were able to maintain our gross margin rate at its record high of 32.8 percent of sales, while effectively managing expenses to produce an improvement in our selling, general, and administrative expense rate to our best-
ever 20.4 percent of sales. Our earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) improved to 10.4 percent of sales, up half a percent from last year and also a record
performance for our Company.
Our business gen- erated a significant amount of cash in 2013, which not only enabled us to remain strong financially, it also
enabled us to:
• invest more than $200 million of capital into our business. These investments include store remodels to make our real estate more exciting places to shop and buy; additional tools and training to help our associates serve our customers even better; systems and processes to make our people, space, and inventory more productive; and enhancements to our digital sites and customer engagement.
• acquire Runners Point Group, a profitable, multi-banner, multi-channel, athletic retailer in Germany. We are integrating this business under the Foot Locker Europe umbrella, and it gives us a tremendous opportunity to carefully segment the customer base in Germany --- as we have done in the United States with Foot Locker, Champs Sports, Footaction, and Eastbay. We will also explore opportunities to thoughtfully expand our newly-acquired banners, Runners Point and Sidestep, outside Germany alongside our existing Foot Locker business.
• pay a meaningful dividend, which we have increased steadily over the past four years and which now, after our announcement of a 10 percent dividend rate increase in February, stands at a strong quarterly rate of 22 cents per share. That dividend, along with the $229 million we spent in 2013 repurchasing our own shares, demonstrates a firm commitment to reward and recognize our shareowners, while still investing in the many significant growth opportunities for our business and maintaining a sound financial structure.
 5
 
  TOTAL SALES (IN BILLIONS)
GROSS MARGIN
EPS
 $5.6 $6.1 $6.5
31.9%
$2.87 $2.47
$1.82
$1.10 $0.54
  $4.9 $5.0
30.0% 27.7%
32.8% 32.8%
 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
STRENGTHS
Our financial performance has not only improved to new heights in recent years, it has also become more consistent. Much of this consistency stems from the various aspects of diversity in our business that we have achieved by executing our strategies. First, we have not only a strong men’s business, we also have a very robust children’s business that will continue to provide growth opportunities, and a very significant women’s business which we are focused on bringing up to the productivity level of the rest of the business.
Second, we not only developed a strong basketball busi- ness, but our running business, our casual offerings, and our apparel assortments are also much stronger compared to a few years ago, and give us a better merchandise balance than before.
Third, we have clearly differentiated our banners, enabling each of them to focus on a particular customer group. We have banners, such as Foot Locker, Eastbay, Runners Point, and SIX:02, that concentrate on high-performance footwear and apparel, and we have banners, such as Footaction, Sidestep, and CCS, that offer a much more lifestyle product assortment unique to each banner. Our banner with our biggest stores, Champs Sports, is able to serve customers effectively across a broad athletic spectrum, while concentrating on the kid who knows game, who lives and breathes sports. Among the many benefits of this differentiation is our ability to create truly great marketing campaigns that draw customers to our unique store banners and digital sites.
Fourth, we are no longer just a U.S.-focused company with a modest international presence. We are now a large global company. We operate more than 1,000 stores in 22 countries outside the United States, as well as various local country web- sites, and we are approaching $2 billion in international
sales. We also have another 73 stores in 9 countries operated by our franchise partners. Clearly, people around the world enjoy wearing the premium sneakers and athletic apparel that we sell.
Finally, we are not just a bricks and mortar business. We now have a strong, fast-growing collection of digital sites, both in the United States and abroad. Our biggest digital business, Eastbay, is the premier destination for the elite high school or club athlete, and our store banner e-commerce sites, such as footlocker.com, continue to increase sales at a rapid pace, an impressive 40 percent rate in
2013. Our overall digital business has now
grown to 11 percent of our total sales.
OPPORTUNITIES
The set of strengths I described
above lead directly to an exciting number of significant opportunities
for us to pursue over the next
several years. In the relatively near
term, which I define as this year
and into next, we have several initiatives already paying dividends
upon which to build. These include, first, our children’s business, the success of which can be seen not just in our Kids Foot Locker business, where sales increased at a mid-teen pace in 2013, but in the growth of our children’s business across all of our banners, channels, and geographies. We are doing a much better job buying and displaying kids’ merchandise, and our vendor partners have also improved their product offerings.
 6
 
               133
 432
  CASH FLOW
($ millions)
Net Income
Depreciation and Amortization
Working Capital/Other Capital Expenditures
Share Repurchases
Dividends
Runners Point Group Acquisition
$696 Cash On Hand
   (206)
        118
 380
        (163)
               110
121
(152)
(129)
      (104)
   $928
(229)
(118)
     281
(101)
$851
(109)
(81)
$867
                 2011
2012
  2013
                                Second, I am very enthusiastic about the potential for accelerated growth in Europe. As I mentioned, last year we bought Runners Point Group, a profitable chain of almost 200 stores with two primary banners, Runners Point and Sidestep. The Group is based in Germany, the strongest economy in Europe and which is now our largest market outside of the United States. In the near term, we will focus on customer segmentation inside Germany, and we have had good initial success repositioning these banners to address a broader customer base. Meanwhile, the Foot Locker banner continues to have the opportunity to grow in existing European markets where we believe we are underpenetrated, such as France, Poland, Scandinavia, and Turkey.
Third, we have more progress to make in improving our running and apparel businesses. Both of these categories are strong, although growth slowed in 2013. The new running product in the market from our major vendor partners is very exciting, and we continue to build our expertise in the category and train our associates to help customers choose the right product for their particular style of running, training, or walking. On the apparel front, we continue to improve our ability to read and influence trends, and ensure the assortments from both our vendors and our own brands provide great complements to the footwear in each of our banners.
Fourth, we will continue to expand the number and variety of specialized presentations we have in our stores in partnership with our vendors. With Nike, these shop-in-shops include House of Hoops, Yardline, Fly Zone, and Jordan 23 shops.
With adidas, we have the adiCollective and Originals shops, and we also have the Puma Performance Labs. We will use these concepts and look for other new ideas that will enhance our customer experience and make our stores special places to shop and buy.
Finally, we believe we can continue to enhance the connectivity between our store banners and our banner e-commerce sites. We continue to invest in making our sites more engaging and entertaining, as well as more shopper- friendly. The result has been an unparalleled cohesion between what the customer experiences in our store and on that banner’s web and mobile sites. In fact, these experiences are happening simultaneously more and more often, as our customers seem to live online all the time, including when they are in our stores.
We also are investing in technologies that enable us to make our inventory, wherever it is in our system, virtually accessible to our customers however they come to us. Features such as “buy online, ship from store” and “order in store, ship to home,” improve both customer satisfaction and the productivity of our inventory. We are also using technology to train our associates more effectively and give them tools to serve our customers even better.
Over the longer term, we have perhaps our biggest single opportunity: the women’s business. As I described in last year’s report, we launched a new banner, SIX:02, to address the footwear and apparel needs of athletically active women in their 20s and 30s. We are pleased with the results so far, although as of this writing we are still in test mode with seven stores in four states. We continue to make adjustments to enhance these stores and their potential. Between the promising SIX:02 banner and the merchandise assortment changes we are making to our Lady Foot Locker stores, we believe that over time we can create a large, profitable women’s business.
 7
                  8
        (20)
                                                                
 We also see a significant long-term opportunity to build an even more impactful omni-channel business that will combine the virtual and physical stores.
As you can see, we have a lot of opportunities to pursue, and while not all of them will develop exactly the way we envision, the breadth of promising growth and profit opportunities described in this letter present a very exciting future for Foot Locker, Inc. for some time to come. Moreover, our team has shown a great ability to develop and shape new ideas into significant business opportunities.
CONCLUSION
The success of our Company in 2013, and the success we will strive to achieve this year and beyond, depends upon the continued outstanding work of our associates worldwide. I want to extend to each of them my strongest appreciation and thanks for what they accomplished last year, and for the momentum we have built. I also want to thank our out- standing Board of Directors, which has guided us so well in our efforts to achieve the record results I am privileged to be delivering to you in this report. I would also like to welcome to our Board Steven Oakland, who brings a wealth of experience in marketing and brand-building to enhance the leadership of our Company.
As we celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Foot Locker banner in 2014, our Company has grown to $6.5 billion in sales and more than $6 billion in market capitalization, with more than 3,500 stores in 30 countries. Our core values are the foundation of our success, upon which we have built a strong company culture rooted in sports, focused on service to our customers, and providing long-term opportunities for our associates.
Finally, I want to thank you, our shareholders. I have enjoyed my interaction with many of you over the past year as we con- tinue to build on the strengths that the careful execution of our strategies has produced. I look forward to continuing our dialogue, and I know that you join me in having confidence that the combination of our core values, our team, and our strategies will enable Foot Locker to achieve our vision of being the leading global retailer of athletically inspired shoes and apparel.
Ken C. Hicks
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
   