Letter to Shareholders
Our Company is positioned well to capitalize on business opportunities in the years ahead as we strive to increase shareholder value.
As this is the first letter that I am writing to you as
Foot Locker, Inc.’s Chief Executive Officer, I thought it appropriate to share some of my initial thoughts about our Company, review our 2009 accomplishments and discuss our strategic priorities for the future.
I regard the opportunity to be Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of Foot Locker, Inc., a leading retailer
of athletically inspired footwear and apparel in the global marketplace, as an honor and a privilege. Our management team is experienced and well qualified, and together we have identified a series of strategic initiatives to leverage our competitive strengths and drive our Company to reach new heights in sales and profitability over the long term. We are in the early stages of implementing this plan, and off to a good start.
Since joining our Company in August 2009, I have been very involved in the day-to-day operations of the business, gaining an understanding of our strengths and weaknesses, and working to position us for the future. I have visited many of our stores in U.S. and international markets, as well as most of our division offices and support facilities. It is clear to me that our associates worldwide are fully engaged in the operations of our business; take great pride
in working for our Company; and, above all,
possess a winning attitude that is vital to
being successful in the retail industry. So,
let me review what was accomplished
in the past year...and what we are
planning for the future.
2009 Scoreboard
Without a doubt, the difficult economic conditions in 2009 presented considerable challenges for most retailers. For us, the financial results of our U.S. businesses reflect the impact of weak consumer spending. At the same time, our results from our international businesses were far more encouraging, with strong year-over-year sales and profit increases in some key markets in Europe and in the Asia/Pacific region.
Reflecting these challenges, our worldwide sales for 2009 declined to $4.9 billion from $5.2 billion in 2008, with our comparable-store sales declining 6.3 percent. The Company’s net income, on an adjusted basis, was $0.54 per diluted share for the current year versus $0.68 per diluted share last year. A complete compilation and reconciliation of our audited GAAP to non-GAAP adjusted results, accompanies this letter in the Form 10-K.
Expecting that 2009 would be a year marked by a
weak consumer spending environment, we focused on implementing strategies designed to protect our profitability, remain financially strong and improve our competitive position. As the year turned out, management’s approach
of running the business cautiously was beneficial to the Company. Our cash flow generation
was significant; we ended 2009 in a strong financial position and, we believe, improved our
competitive situation in the marketplace. Let me highlight some of the proactive steps
we took in 2009:
 2

• To conserve cash, we reduced capital expenditures by 39 percent from prior year levels to $89 million. Projects designed to enhance the customer experience, such
as store remodels and relocations to more favorable locations in the malls, and upgrades to information systems and technology, were given top priority. As the year progressed, we also made a strategic decision to more aggressively close stores that were not projected to provide an acceptable return on our invested capital, resulting in 179 closures for the year.
• A second priority was to improve the productivity of our working capital by reducing our level of inventory. To accomplish this objective, our merchants worked closely with our suppliers to purchase merchandise closer to the selling season and our “quick response” replenishment program was expanded. We also conserved working capital by closing underproductive stores. As a result of implementing these initiatives successfully, our merchandise inventory at year end was reduced by 7.4 percent from the prior year.
• A third key objective was to reduce our operating expenses. Our long-established practice of encouraging our associates worldwide to identify and implement new ways to reduce our operating expenses was successful again in 2009. Our combined selling, general and administrative expenses and occupancy costs were reduced by approximately $100 million versus 2008.
Before discussing our future prospects, I would like to recognize the achievements of my predecessor, Matthew D. Serra, who retired from Foot Locker, Inc. at the end of our 2009 fiscal year.
Under Matt’s leadership, Foot Locker, Inc. improved its position as a leading specialty retailer in the global athletic industry. Among his many accomplishments was bringing a disciplined approach to managing the business, including a focus on generating positive cash flow from operations on an annual basis. As a result of executing that strategy with success, the Company is in a strong financial position with the flexibility to compete more effectively now and into the future. On behalf of the Foot Locker, Inc. organization, our Board and shareholders, I thank Matt and wish him much happiness and good health in the years ahead.
Strategic Priorities for the Future
As we look ahead, we are fortunate to have a strong foundation and many high potential opportunities to grow both our sales and profits. We have an optimistic outlook for the future, which stems from the conclusions drawn
by our senior management team during an extensive and analytical process we undertook over the past several months to understand thoroughly our position in
the marketplace today and to develop our
strategic priorities for the future. In
doing this, we established
a clear strategic vision:
“Be the leading global
retailer of athletically
inspired shoes and
apparel.”
In the near term, we believe that we can achieve a higher level of sales and profits by enhancing the performance of our existing businesses. Our sales and profit growth over the longer term can be supplemented by strengthening
and expanding our current brands and assortments, and by pursuing new business opportunities that are consistent with this strategic vision. Accordingly, the strategic priorities for our Company are:
• Be the Power Merchandiser of athletic footwear
and apparel with clearly-defined Brand Banners
– strengthening our position with the leading athletic brands, offering our customers a broader range of athletic footwear and apparel, and developing powerful marketing programs that inspire customers to shop and buy in our stores and through our websites.
• Develop a compelling Apparel Assortment – creating a more meaningful private label business, being a leader in the branded category and strengthening our in-store merchandising presentation.
• Make our stores and Internet sites Exciting Places
to shop and buy – capitalizing on our strong customer service model, creating an exciting and consistent shopping environment, and making shopping easier and more seamless for our customers by connecting our channels.
     3

 • Aggressively pursue Growth Opportunities – developing on-line initiatives, expanding international operations, broadening our reach to a wider range of customer segments including, importantly, our women’s business, and exploring new business opportunities carefully.
• Increase the Productivity of all of our assets – enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations, rigorously managing our expenses, improving the timeliness of our merchandise flow and converting a higher percentage of consumers who visit our stores and Internet sites into loyal customers.
• Build on our Industry Leading Retail Team – attracting, developing and retaining the best people in retail for our stores and across our organization; creating and sustaining a sales- oriented and customer-focused organization by
strengthening the selling and service skills of
our associates.
Benchmarks of Success
Our strategic priorities were developed with an aim to enhance total shareholder value – defined as the price our stock commands in the marketplace plus the dividends paid to our shareholders. To measure, monitor and be held accountable for our progress toward that end, we established a set of financial objectives for the next five years.
• Sales of $6.0 billion
• Sales per gross square foot of $400
• EBIT margin of 8 percent
• Net Income margin of 5 percent
• Return on Invested Capital of 10 percent
• Inventory Turnover of 3.0 times
The achievement of these financial objectives will require us to reach beyond what the Company achieved during its most productive years of the past decade. We believe, however, that these objectives are realistic, but will require the organization to “stretch” itself to achieve them.
Conclusion: A Realistic Outlook
The past few years have been challenging times
for retailers, requiring management to assess the impact of the external environment on their business prospects. Early on, as I mentioned, the management
of Foot Locker, Inc. recognized that the global retail environment would be slowing and took appropriate actions
to reduce costs, manage inventory levels more conservatively and close underproductive stores, in order to sustain positive cash flow from operations. As a result, Foot Locker, Inc.’s leading position in the athletic retail industry is intact and our balance sheet is strong, with substantial cash and short-term investments, and minimal debt, providing financial flexibility for the future.
As we enter 2010, there are encouraging signs that the overall economy is beginning to emerge from the recent recessionary period. I believe Foot Locker, Inc. is positioned well to capitalize on our business opportunities in the years ahead. Our new strategic plan is designed to result in a significant improvement in our sales and profit performance, to reach new heights and deliver increased
shareholder value.
The hard work and insights of our associates throughout
the organization have been integral to the Company’s past success and will continue to be critical for our future. To them, our dedicated directors who provide ongoing
oversight and insight to the Company, as well as our valued suppliers, landlords and shareholders, we
express our gratitude and look forward to our future with you.
Ken C. Hicks
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
        4
