LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
DEVELOPING OUR LEADERSHIP
POSITIONS
  2015
$7.4 $504 12.8% 8.2% 15.8%
2009 2014
Current Long-Term Objectives
 Sales (billions)
Sales per Gross Square Foot Adjusted EBIT Margin Adjusted Net Income Margin Return on Invested Capital
$4.9 $7.2 $10 $333 $490 $600 2.8% 11.4% 12.5% 1.8% 7.3% 8.5% 5.3% 15.0% 17%
Welcome to Foot Locker, Inc.’s Annual Report for 2015, an outstanding year for our Company, filled as it was with record financial and operating results. Indeed, I could not be more proud of the many accomplishments our team compiled in this, my first full year as Chief Executive Officer. We began the year by introducing a revised strategic framework and priorities, as well as elevated long-term financial objectives, and I am pleased to report in this letter and on the following pages that we contin- ued to make progress throughout the year on multiple initiatives and on all the key performance measures we track.
For those of you newer to our story, it was towards the end of 2009 that we truly started our journey to become the high- performance company we are today. It was then that we intro- duced our first set of strategic priorities and long-range financial goals, and one constant ever since has been our vision: to be the leading global retailer of athletically inspired shoes and apparel. While each of the words in that vision statement was chosen carefully, I would like to emphasize one particular word which will provide a theme for this shareholder report: leading. We do not aspire merely to be good, above average performers; we aspire to be leaders. We strive to be leaders as a company, as operating divisions, as teams, as individuals, in the communi- ties in which we work and live, and as business partners. This leadership crosses multiple dimensions: geographic regions, sales channels, retail banners, families of business, and product categories.
Each person in the Company can and does play an impor- tant role in developing our position as leaders in the athletic industry, a point which we consistently emphasize at all levels of the organization. You will see many powerful examples of such leadership positions throughout this annual report.
2015 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
As a company, we continued to deliver industry-leading performance in 2015, as seen in the table above. Of particular note, in our first year working towards our current long-term objectives, we succeeded in attaining one of them, having achieved an Earnings Before Interest and Taxes rate of 12.8 percent of sales.
Other financial highlights accomplished by the Foot Locker, Inc. team in 2015 include:
• Sales of $7.4 billion in total, up 8.9 percent from 2014 on a
constant currency basis.
• Non-GAAP net income of $606 million in 2015, a 16 percent increase over last year’s $522 million.
• Earnings of $4.29 per share, a 20 percent increase over last year’s EPS, with the four percentage point differential be- tween the growth in net income and EPS due to our acceler- ated share repurchase activity during the year.
• 24 consecutive quarters of meaningful sales and profit increases, consistently lifting our operational and financial results to new heights.
BUILDING ON STRENGTHS
The strength of our results came from diverse sources. For example:
Channels We drove a 7.6 percent comparable sales gain in our stores while also increasing sales in our direct-to-customer channel by 14.4 percent.
Geographies Our performance was strong in the United States, with a mid-single digit comparable sales gain, while our teams outside the U.S. drove even faster sales growth, with total sales in Europe, Canada, and Australia each increasing more than 10 percent in local currencies.
Product Categories We made substantial progress improving the sales and profitability of all four legs of our product category stool: basketball, running, and casual footwear, and apparel. As the year unfolded, it became increasingly clear that we have de- veloped strong leadership positions in more than just basketball sneakers. True, our basketball business performed very well in 2015, up almost 10 percent, yet our sales of running product
  3
 
$4.9
$5.1
$2.87
$5.6
$3.58
TOTAL SALES
EARNINGS PER SHARE
(in billions)
$6.1 $6.5
$7.2
$7.4
$4.29
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
$1.10 $0.54
$2.47 $1.82
 increased more than 10 percent. On top of that, we led the industry in sales of a wide variety of classic sneakers, demon- strating the strength and diversity of our footwear assortments. Apparel improved overall, as well, although not yet at the level of our footwear business.
Families of Business Each of our men’s, women’s and kids’ footwear businesses posted substantial sales gains. The gain in men’s footwear in our core adult banners of Foot Locker, Champs Sports, and Footaction was almost 10 percent, while sales of women’s product in those banners increased almost as much. Meanwhile, our women-specific division of Lady Foot Locker / SIX:02 also generated a solid mid-single digit compar- able sales gain. Finally, our already-leading children’s footwear business increased more than 10 percent, with strength in both Kids Foot Locker itself and in the sales of children’s product in our other banners.
Gross Margin Our strong performance did not stop at the sales line; the rest of our income statement was also managed carefully. Our gross margin rate increased to 33.8 percent of sales, an all-time high for our company, for two primary reasons. First, by focusing on offering the most innovative, premium sneakers created by our vendor partners, we strengthened our position at the top end of the distribution pyramid for athletic shoes and apparel, resulting in more full-price selling and higher merchandise margins. Second, we continued to drive success- ful initiatives to improve store productivity, leading to leverage of our mostly fixed rent expense.
SG&A This same emphasis on productivity, along with a steady discipline in managing operating expenses, led to a reduction
in our selling, general, and administrative expense rate to an all- time best rate of 19.1 percent of sales in 2015.
CREATING SHAREHOLDER VALUE: A BALANCED APPROACH
Investing in the Business Our capital expend- itures increased to $225 million in 2015, as
we continue to lead the athletic market in creating exciting places to shop and
buy, not just in terms of our stores, but also our digital and mobile sites. We continued our
remodel program in our Foot Locker and Champs Sports banners, and we began a significant rollout of our remodeled Footaction store design, including several powerful flagship stores such as State Street in Chicago and Fulton Street in Brooklyn. Many of our remodeled stores, across all of our banners, included a vendor partnership space. For example, in partnership with Nike we reached 200 Foot Locker House of Hoops shops around the world and 37 Fly Zones in Kids Foot Lockers in North America. We have more shop-in-shops with Nike in our other banners, as well as additional partnerships with adidas, Puma, and Under Armour.
We also continue to invest in our digital and mobile plat- forms, our logistics and information technology systems, and other infrastructure to support the growth of our business. That our return on invested capital reached a new height of 15.8 percent in 2015 is solid evidence that the strategic initiatives behind these investments have led us in a positive direction and generated tremendous value for our business and for you, our shareholders.
The returns generated by our investments in recent years have put us in a strong financial position, enabling our Board
of Directors to authorize an increase of our capital expenditure program to almost $300 million in 2016. We will continue to invest in our store remodel and vendor partnership projects, our website and mobile functionality, and training programs and technology to enhance the capabilities of our associates. At the same time, we are building transformative retail spaces in midtown Manhattan as well as relocating our corporate head- quarters down the block. 2016 will be another exciting year!
Returns to Shareholders While making significant capital investments in our business to support future growth towards our 2020 financial objectives, we are also committed to return-
ing cash to our shareholders, with both our dividend and our share repurchase program hitting new highs in
2015.
• Dividends We paid $1.00 per share in divi- dends overall in 2015, and in February our Board
approved a 10 percent increase in our common stock dividend payable in the first quarter of
2016. This quarterly increase, to 27.5 cents per share, marks the sixth year in a row with a dividend increase in the 10 percent range.
   4
  
“Our love of the game has enabled us to build leadership positions in many areas—across banners, geographies, channels, and product categories—and consistently break records in our financial results.”
• Share Repurchases Early in 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program, and during the year we spent $419 million to buy back approximately 6.7 million shares. Some of that activity was under our previ- ous authorization, leaving $637 million remaining under the current repurchase authorization at year end.
Between the $139 million spent on dividends and the $419 million of share repurchases, we returned $558 million directly to shareholders in 2015, which was 93 percent of non-GAAP net income, while still retaining a solid balance sheet offering good financial flexibility for the future. The authorizations to increase both our capital expenditures and our dividend rate in 2016 exhibit the Board’s confidence in our Company’s ability to lead the athletic retail industry and maintain our financial performance in the future.
LOOKING FORWARD
The strategic framework that we introduced early in 2015 remains central to our planning as we focus on the near- and long-term objectives we have challenged ourselves to achieve. As a reminder, the framework is depicted below:
CONCLUSION
There are a great many factors that need to align to create
a high-performing team such as we have at Foot Locker, Inc. today. One phrase that is part of our company-specific leader- ship formula is “Love the Game.” Starting with our associates in stores around the world, and including associates in regional offices, distribution and financial service centers, and headquar- ters facilities, our entire team loves the game of retail, and we play to win. We are passionate about our own job responsibil- ities, our team’s specific goals, and the objectives of the entire corporation. This passion has enabled us to build leadership positions in many areas—across banners, geographies, chan- nels, and product categories—and consistently break records in our financial results. I want to thank each and every member of the Foot Locker, Inc. team for their high level of execution and outstanding contributions to our recent success, and for creat- ing the potential for even more excellent results in the future.
I also want to thank our outstanding and highly-engaged Board of Directors, whose guidance and support for me and the rest of our senior leadership team has helped the Company achieve so much and positioned us so well for the future.
I especially want to acknowledge and thank Nick DiPaolo,
who was elected Chairman of the Board in May 2015, for his business insights and dedication to our Company.
Finally, I want to thank you, our shareholders, for your sup- port and constructive dialogue over the past year. Your belief in our strategic initiatives, our core values, and, above all, the strength of our team is certainly gratifying. I look forward to continuing our journey together towards being the leading global retailer of athletically inspired shoes and apparel.
Richard A. Johnson
President and Chief Executive Officer
  Customer Engagement
 People
        5
Core Business
The corresponding strategic priorities are to:
• Drive performance in the Core Business with compelling
customer engagement
• Expand our leading position in the Kids’ business
• Aggressively pursue European expansion opportunities
• Build our Apparel penetration and profitability
• Build a more powerful Digital business with customer- focused channel connectivity
• Deliver exceptional growth in our Women’s business
• Build on our industry-leading team by embracing the power
of our People
We have already developed leadership positions in many of these areas—positions of strength we intend to build on further —and we believe we have excellent opportunities yet to seize in all of these businesses as we focus on the future. I’ll save most of the 2015 highlights and near-term initiatives for the remaining pages of this report.
Kids’ Europe Apparel Digital Women’s
