 George E. Deese Amos R. McMullian President and CEO Chairman of the Board
LETTER
TO SHAREHOLDERS
  During 2003, Flowers Foods focused its full attention on the There were a number of significant events in fiscal 2003, bakery foods business, which has been our core since the including:
company was founded in 1919. The result? Flowers Foods • The January acquisition of Bishop Baking Company, with outperformed the baked foods industry, increasing sales sales of $30 million, that brought new snack cake items; across numerous product categories – white breads, soft • The February introduction of Nature’s Own Wheat ’n Fiber variety breads, specialty breads, buns and rolls, and snack to appeal to carb-conscious consumers;
cakes. We ended the 53-week year with sales of $1.45 billion • The sale of Mrs. Smith’s frozen dessert business in April; and income from continuing operations of $52.8 million, or • The pay-off of all bank debt with proceeds from the $1.15 per share. Mrs. Smith’s sale;
• TheformationoftheSpecialtyGroup,whichcombined Our operating strategies, developed over the last several Flowers’ snack cake and frozen bread and roll businesses;
decades, have created bakeries, products, brands, information • A three-fold dividend increase to shareholders in May;
and distribution systems, and baking professionals that set • The acquisition of property and a building in Denton, Texas us apart in our industry. Our strategies work. This report for a new bakery to ser ve the Dallas/Ft. Wor th market; outlines those strategies. We are committed to refining these • The October introduction of the Nature’s Own Healthline strategies as the marketplace changes, just as we have in the brand extension for breads appealing to consumers’ specific past. Our purpose is to continue growing successfully in dietary or health concerns; and
the bakery foods industry. By providing our customers and • The October introduction of Pan Dulce de Mi Casa and consumers with the products and service they need, we Tesoritos snack cakes targeting Latino and Hispanic markets. will continue to build value for our shareholders.
RITYQUALITY2SERVICECOMMITMENTINNOVATIONINTEGRITYQUALITYSERVICECOMMITMENTINNOVATIONINTEGRITY
  G

 CHANGING OF THE GUARD
On January 4, 2004, Amos R. McMullian, Flowers Foods’ fourth CEO in 85 years, turned the reins of the company over to George E. Deese, a 40-year Flowers veteran and then president and chief operating officer. Amos McMullian held the CEO post for 22 years, guiding the company through one of its greatest periods of expansion and growth. Mr. McMullian continues to serve as non-executive chairman of the board and will continue to influence the company’s strategic direction.
  Fiscal 2003 was an outstanding year that generated record results and record levels of cash. Our balance sheet is stronger than ever. We plan to invest the cash generated wisely – for capital improvements, for internal growth, for acquisitions, and for dividends and share repurchases.
We plan to extend the territory served by our fresh direct- store-delivery routes by 100 to 150 miles from our current territory over the next three to five years. It’s an ambitious goal. However, by adding a bakery in strategic locations about every 18 months and with carefully chosen acquisitions,
we believe we can achieve our goal in that time period. Concurrently, we will continue to build our national distribution of snack cakes and frozen breads and rolls through warehouse delivery programs.
Grain-based foods are part of a healthy diet. Bakery foods, such as bread, are nutritious and have been the staff of life for centuries. We like this business and we understand it.
We have depth of experience that is unparalleled in the industry and we expect to continue building value for our shareholders by growing in the bakery foods business.
As we work to build value for you, our shareholders, we are guided by these principles: integrity, quality, service, commitment, and innovation. Thank you for your interest in Flowers Foods.
George E. Deese
President and Chief Executive Officer
Amos R. McMullian
Chairman of the Board
  QUALITYSERVICECOMMITMENTINNOVATIONINTEGRITYQUALITYSERVICECOMMITMENTINNOVATION3INTEGRITYQU
 A
