                                           Letter to Shareholders
(left to right)
GEORGE E. DEESE President and Chief Executive Officer AMOS R. McMULLIAN Chairman of the Board
Flowers Foods again outperformed the baked foods industry in 2004, delivering a 6.8% increase in sales and record earnings. Any way you stack it, our 2004 results were
solid. The 52-week year ended with sales of $1.55 billion compared to the $1.45 billion reported for the company’s 53-week fiscal 2003. Income from continuing operations for 2004 was $54.3 million, or $1.21 per share, compared to the $52.8 million, or $1.15 per share, reported for last year. We generated good cash flow for the year with
$123.1 million in cash provided by operations. Our balance sheet is strong, allowing us the financial flexibility to continue our organic growth, strategic acquisitions, dividends, and share repurchases.
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR:
• We extended our geographic territory for direct-store- delivery into Oklahoma, Missouri, Kentucky, Virginia, Maryland, and Washington, D.C. This initiative, announced in September 2003, will continue as we stretch our boundaries into states that adjoin our current territories. In 2004, the new territories added about one percent to our Bakeries Group’s sales. Currently, sales from the new areas are annualizing at about one and one-half percent growth for the group.
• Our new bun line in Denton, Texas started up mid-year, offering production capacity we needed to continue growing our business in Texas and Oklahoma. The new bun line is among the most productive in the country, producing up to 1,000 buns per minute. In November, we started instal- lation of a high-speed bread line in the Denton bakery, which is expected to start-up by mid 2005.
• In September, we acquired certain customer lists from Sara Lee Bakery Group as well as its closed Houston bakery. This acquisition resulted in increased sales of about $12 million in 2004 and an annualized increase of over $30 million. The timing of this acquisition coincided with our start-up of the Denton bun line, which provided much of the capacity needed for the additional business.
• Our board of directors increased the quarterly dividend rate by 25% in June 2004 and renewed that rate for each remaining quarter that year.
• We welcomed three new board members in recent months: Manuel A. Fernandez, managing director of the venture capital firm SI Ventures and chairman emeritus of Gartner, Inc., a leading information technology research and consulting company; Benjamin H. Griswold IV, retired senior chairman of Deutsche Bank Securities; and Melvin T. Stith, Ph.D., dean of the Whitman School of Management at Syracuse University in New York. Our board composition is enhanced by these talented and experienced individuals.
Our commitment to keeping our bakeries among the most efficient in our industry continued in 2004 with an invest- ment of $46 million in capital expenditures. We began rolling out our third generation hand-held computers, which offer more information for our distributors.
We introduced new products under our Nature’s Own, Cobblestone Mill, Mrs. Freshley’s, and BlueBird brands
and put renewed emphasis on Nature’s Own Whitewheat bread, which offers the same nutrition as wheat bread with the taste and texture of white bread. Our new product
 2

                                          GRAINS FOR LIFE
In February 2005, the Grains Foods Foundation (GFF) launched a consumer education program to remind the public about the importance of bread in a healthy diet. Flowers is an active supporter of this industry-wide campaign and was one of the first bakers to pledge monetary support for the GFF. For the first time in history, companies within the baking industry have come together to promote the health benefits of bread. Flowers applauds this effort.
                                                     efforts continue and several new items will be introduced in the first quarter of 2005.
Flowers Foods always has taken very seriously our financial reporting responsibilities. Our management team has embraced the new disclosure and compliance rules resulting from the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
We are pleased to report that we completed our 2004 evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and found no material weaknesses.
As we move into 2005 and beyond, we will continue to improve on the solid control foundation we have in place.
Although it is impossible in this brief letter to recognize
all the team and individual efforts that contributed to our success this year, it is appropriate to express our admiration and appreciation to: all of those throughout the company who verified control processes as part of the Sarbanes- Oxley compliance effort, the team that quickly captured the sales and absorbed the production required by our Texas acquisition, and the cross functional team that devised a solution to improve employee scheduling.
Over time, we have developed competitive advantages
such as cost-effective bakeries that help us maintain our least-cost producer status, a highly motivated independent distributor network that offers service second to none, information technology that makes our business and our customers’ businesses run more effectively, and products and brands that hold a commanding presence in the markets we serve. We embrace innovation that can improve our busi- ness, from the manufacturing process through distribution
to our information systems, and new product development is an ongoing effort as we work to stay ahead of consumers’ baked foods needs. Our business model works and we are constantly refining our strategies to ensure that we are prepared to grow successfully today and tomorrow.
We recognize that our success depends on the efforts of our team members throughout the company who comprise one of the most experienced and dedicated workforces in the food industry. With the strategies devised and implemented by that team under the guidance of our outstanding board of directors, we believe in the future of Flowers Foods.
We vow to continue our work to build value for you, our shareholders. Thank you for your confidence in our team and your investment in Flowers Foods.
George E. Deese
President and Chief Executive Officer
Amos R. McMullian Chairman of the Board
  3
