2008 was a successful year for Flowers Foods. While we faced some of the most turbulent conditions in our
90-year history, our success validates the strategies we have been developing for many years. In a trying 2008,
we were able to deliver strong financial results and continue growing our business. I want to thank Flowers
team members for their continued hard work, dedication, and commitment to delivering shareholder value.
Our success reflects their efforts
We delivered solid performance in the midst of economic
uncertainty because of our proven growth strategy,
competitive advantages, and the recession-resistant nature
of our product base. We are fortunate that consumers
continue to find value in Flowers’ bakery products.
HIGHLIGHTS FOR 2008
• Sales increased 18.6% to $2.41 billion.
2008 marked the sixth consecutive year
sales exceeded our long-term goal of
5% to 8% growth. Over the past five
years, our sales have grown at an 11.7%
compound annual growth rate.
• Net income improved 26.0%, placing
Flowers Foods in the top 72nd percentile
for growth among mid-cap companies
for the year. This equates to net income
of $119.2 million, or $1.28 per diluted
share. Earnings per share have grown
at a 24.7% compound annual growth
rate over the last five years.

EBITDA was $256.0 million or 10.6% of sales and we have
achie
ved 16.5% compound annual growth for EBITDA over
the last five years. Our target goal for EBITDA is 10% to 12%
of sales, and we are confident in our ability to reach the
high end of the range over time.
•
We maintained a strong capital position
and gener
ated net cash from operations
of $94.9 million, while paying dividends
of $53.2 million and repurchasing
$44.1 million of common stock.
GROWING THE FLOWERS WAY
During the year, we successfully executed
our three-pronged growth strategy:
strategic mergers and acquisitions,
expansion into new geographic territories,
and increased penetration in core markets.
Merger/Acquisition
Flowers Foods
again demonstrated its ability to fold
in businesses
that fit strategically and
financially. In August 2008,
• We acquired ButterKrust Bakery with $70 million in sales.
ButterKrust adds experienced team members and brings
needed production capacity in the fast-growing Florida
market.
• We merged with Holsum Bakery with $150 million in sales.
Holsum extends our market reach into Arizona, Nevada, and
Southern California, adding about 29 million people to the
population base we serve. Holsum has two efficient bakeries,
talented team members, and an independent distributor
network similar to Flowers Foods’ system.
Both acquisitions are operating well and delivering on our
expectations.
Market Expansion
Our strategy to grow into territories
adjacent to our direct-store-delivery (DSD) markets has
added 1% to 1.5% to our DSD sales each year since we
announced the expansion initiative in 2004. We have entered
new markets in 11 states since that announcement, adding
about $75 million in sales to our DSD business, excluding
acquisitions. In 2008, we entered new markets in Oklahoma,
Missouri, Kansas, Indiana, and Illinois
Increased Penetration of Core Markets
Throughout our core markets, we are
the leader in the soft variety bread, white bread, and bun/roll segments of the
fresh packaged bakery category. The strength of our brands and our ongoing
efforts to refine our product formulations to ensure great tasting, high quality
products continue to help us grow the business. We have introduced new
Nature’s Own
items in other segments within the category, such as breakfast
breads and super premium breads. Consumer acceptance of our new products
has been positive.
DOING BUSINESS THE FLOWERS WAY
Through several decades, we have carefully invested in bakery technology
that improves efficiency and product quality. In 2008, our team turned its
attention to identifying further opportunities to reduce costs. As a result,
our pounds sold increased while our pounds produced decreased. We remain
focused on fine-tuning our
production processes to
achieve even greater
productivity levels.
Our operating strategies and guiding principles have resulted in the creation
of a strong and sustainable company. The factor that most sets us apart
from others in the industry is our talented team. Every day, we go about our
business working THE FLOWERS WAY, which means we make the extra effort,
we give exceptional service, we share credit with fellow team members, and
we constantly focus on improving our business.
We also recognize the contribution of our board of directors as they guide
the company. Our directors believe in accountability, responsibility, and ethical
behavior. Flowers Foods is fortunate to have the oversight and guidance of
our outstanding directors.
Over the course of our history, Flowers has become a known leader in the
baking industry, providing quality baked foods at a good value. We remain
committed to preserving this reputation. Our team is focused on making the
right investments, baking smart, managing our resources wisely, innovating
to improve our business, serving the market better than anyone else, growing
our business, and creating value for you, our shareholders. In short, we are
working to continue GROWING THE FLOWERS WAY.
Best regards,
George E. Deese
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President