     Sales Income from
in billions Continuing Operations
$1.5 $1.6 $1.3
Market Capitalization-FLO in billions
$0.6
02
in millions
$1.7 $62.9
$52.8 $54.3 $43.4
$1.7
  $1.4 $1.1
    2
02
*53-week year
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
I am pleased to report that Flowers Foods performed
very well in 2005. We exceeded our sales goal, delivering
a 10.6% increase in sales to $1.716 billion compared to
the $1.551 billion reported for 2004. Income from continu- ing operations was up 16% to $62.9 million compared to $54.3 million the previous year.
We may be smaller than many players in the packaged food arena, but we play big. And, we work hard to deliver big results for our shareholders. The four-year charts on this page are evidence that we deliver big results, not just this year, but over the long term. We do this by focusing on our strengths as one of the nation’s leading producers and marketers of bakery products. We have developed operating strategies that have
created sustainable, competitive advantages for us in the marketplace. Our strategies are to:
• Grow sales, both organically and through acquisition;
• Develop bakery products to meet the needs of customers
and consumers;
• Develop strong brands;
• Provide extraordinary customer service;
• Operate the country’s most efficient bakeries;
• Innovate to improve our business; and
• Offer a work environment that fosters team spirit,
appreciates diversity, and encourages professional growth.
Although our strategies remain fairly constant, we are always refining our business model to improve our overall performance.
The sales increase of 10.6% for the year reflects a favorable product mix shift of 4.9% as consumers bought more of our branded baked foods, 4.0% in pricing taken to recover increased costs, and 1.7% in increased volume. The hefty growth strained our production capacity even though we added significant capacity early in 2005 to our bakeries in Denton, Texas; Crossville, Tenn.; and Miami, Fla. We are adding a new bakery in Newton, N.C., and a bread line to our Villa Rica, Ga., bakery, both of which will be in opera- tion by mid-2006. We also are opening a new bun line in Houston. These lines will bring new capacity strategically located to serve our customers.
03* 04 05 02 03* 04 05
03* 04 05
  George E. Deese
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President
            +2.2% +9.4% +6.8% +10.6%
3.3% of sales 3.6% of sales 3.5% of sales 3.7% of sales
+00.0%
+101.8% +22.3% +22.0%
          
   AMOS R. MCMULLIAN, CHAIRMAN EMERITUS
Amos R. McMullian joined Flowers in 1963 after serving three years in the U.S. Marine Corps and graduating from Florida State University in Tallahassee. He served in successive leadership positions within the company, was elected to our board of directors in 1975, and was named president and chief operating officer in 1976. In 1981, he was named chief executive officer; in 1984, vice chairman of the board; and in 1985, was elected chairman of the board. Mr. McMullian retired as CEO in 2003 and stepped down as chairman in 2005. He now serves on the board as a director and as chairman emeritus.
   Our business continued to generate strong cash flow.
This allowed us to increase our dividends to shareholders by 19%, to make $59 million in capital investments to increase the efficiencies of our bakeries, to acquire Royal Cake Company in September 2005, and to buy 6.0 million shares of Flowers Foods stock for $124.4 million under our share repurchase program.
During the year, our New Orleans bakery was out of operation for more than three months following Hurricane Katrina. Our markets in New Orleans and along the Gulf Coast were disrupted, and we experienced higher costs associated with the hurricane. In the most difficult of circumstances, our Louisiana team rallied to maintain
our business. We extend our admiration and appreciation to all the individuals throughout the company who helped during that difficult time.
Our company is strengthened by the quality of our board
of directors, the majority of whom are independent directors. Our directors bring a wealth of experience and knowledge
to our company, are attuned to the importance of corporate governance, and believe in a culture of accountability, responsibility, and ethical behavior. We are fortunate to
have their guidance.
One board member in particular deserves special mention: Amos R. McMullian, who stepped down as chairman of the board at the end of 2005. Flowers is fortunate to have bene- fited from Amos’ vision and leadership for more than 40 years. As the company grew from a small, family-owned bakery into one of the most respected baking companies in the country, Amos was involved in shaping our philosophy and growth strategies. We are pleased that we continue to have Amos’ counsel as director and chairman emeritus on our board.
We are focused on delivering delicious bakery foods that consumers need through both retail and foodservice channels. We are dedicated to providing exceptionally good service to our customers. Our team members throughout the company comprise one of the most experienced and dedicated work- forces in the food industry. It is through their talent and effort that Flowers Foods succeeds. By implementing and refining our operating strategies under the guidance of our outstanding board of directors and through the efforts of our incredible team, we believe in the future of Flowers Foods.
To our shareholders, we promise to work to build value and to do so in accordance with our guiding principles: Integrity, Quality, Service, Commitment, and Innovation. Thank you for your confidence in our team and for your investment in Flowers Foods.
George E. Deese
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President
3
                       