 Dear Shareholder:
The year 2012 was eventful for Flowers Foods and for our industry. Our company delivered solid sales and earnings growth despite persistent economic headwinds and the ongoing integration of two major acquisitions–Tasty Baking and Lepage Bakeries. The Flowers team did an outstanding job last year, and we’re proud of how they rallied to serve the market when Hostess Brands abruptly closed its doors in November. We ended the year riding a wave of momentum that continues today.
Key results of 2012 include: sales of $3.05 billion, an increase of 9.8% from 2011; net income of $136.1 million, compared to $123.4 million last year, a 10.3% increase; and diluted earnings per share of $0.98 compared to $0.90 in 2011, an 8.9% increase. Our accomplishments reflect the effectiveness of our long-term commitment to investing in our bakeries, improving efficiencies, delivering high-quality products and customer service, and building strong brands.
Tasty Baking completed its first year as a Flowers subsidiary in May, and we accomplished much. Tastykakes are now sold from Maine to Florida to Arizona, and consumers in Tasty’s core markets in the Northeast are now able to enjoy Nature’s Own breads and buns.
In July, we completed our acquisition of Lepage Bakeries in Maine. Since then, we’ve achieved double-digit sales growth in Lepage markets as we introduced Tastykake and Nature’s Own throughout New England. We are pleased with how consumers in that region are responding, and we appreciate the contributions of our Lepage team members.
In October, we announced an agreement to acquire the rights to the Sara Lee and Earthgrains brands for sliced breads, buns, and rolls in California, which was completed in February 2013. We expect to be serving customers throughout the entire state of California by the end of June 2013. In mid-November, the Flowers team rallied to meet the needs of customers and consumers impacted by Hostess’ sudden closure. Thanks to our team’s efforts, sales are up 20% to 25% through the first three months of 2013 compared to the same time frame in 2012.
In January 2013, we announced an agreement to purchase Hostess’ Wonder, Merita, Nature’s Pride, Home Pride, and Butternut bread brands, 20 closed bakeries, and 38 closed depots. In March, the bankruptcy court overseeing Hostess’ bankruptcy approved Flowers’ bid, and the transaction continues through regulatory review as of this writing. We hope to complete the transaction in the second half of 2013. We believe these brands are a good fit with Flowers’ long-term growth strategy.
Against this backdrop of growth and change, our team continues to improve productivity, reduce waste, control costs, and enhance product quality. We are in awe of the hard work, talent, and dedication of our team members who help us meet our goals. We also appreciate the efforts of our independent distributors and associates. We believe that our team is the best in the baking industry. And, we thank our board of directors for their oversight and service to our company.
We are proud of our accomplishments in 2012, but believe the best is yet to come for our company as we continue to grow the Flowers Way. Thank you for your investment in Flowers Foods.
George E. Deese Allen L. Shiver Chairman and CEO President
   In keeping with the company’s management succession plan, Flowers Foods’ board of directors, on February 15, 2013, elected Allen L. Shiver president and CEO, and George E. Deese executive chairman of the board, effective May 22, 2013. Mr. Shiver has served as president since 2010. He has 33 years of experience with Flowers Foods and has been involved in operational oversight and strategic growth initiatives. As executive chairman, Mr. Deese will play an active role in Flowers’ strategic direction and in ensuring the continuity of the company’s unique culture. He has served Flowers for 48 years, and was elected CEO in 2004 and chairman in 2006. His insightful and collaborative leadership will continue to guide Flowers Foods through one of its greatest periods of expansion.
Flowers Foods’ Guiding Principles: Integrity, Service, Quality, Commitment
