 A Letter to Shareholders:
In 2010, Flowers Foods posted its ninth consecutive year of record earnings per share growth despite a highly competitive marketplace that resulted in a slight decline in sales. Our team maintained its focus and managed through the challenges, again delivering value to our shareholders, customers, and consumers. The key results of 2010 include: sales of
$2.57 billion, a decrease of 1% from 2009; net income of $137 million, or 5.3% of sales and an increase of 5.2%;
diluted earnings per share of $1.49, a 7.2% increase excluding a $.02 gain on acquisition recorded in 2009; and capital improvement investments of $98.4 million.
Ongoing investments in our bakeries, product development, and market expansion are key differentiators that have created competitive advantages for Flowers Foods over time. In 2010, we added capacity with six new production lines, helping meet the growing demand for our baked foods. We introduced innovative new products like Nature’s Own Sandwich Rounds and Nature’s Own Thin Sliced Bagels. And, we expanded into new markets, growing our regional DSD footprint and introducing our products to thousands of new consumers in Pennsylvania and continuing to expand our reach into Southern California.
The baking industry landscape has changed significantly over the past decade, with consolidation of independent
bakers and the pending merger of two of the country’s largest baking companies. As the landscape around us changes,
it is important to point out that Flowers Foods’ plan is certain, our course is charted, and our team is focused on taking advantage of opportunities to grow. The resilience and strength of our long-held strategies to grow sales, bake smart, invest wisely, provide outstanding customer service, and appreciate the team provide the roadmap for our decisions and actions.
Going forward, we will grow more aggressively by expanding into new territories from our existing bakeries, building new bakeries, and making strategic acquisitions. By 2016, our goal is that at least 75% of the U.S. population will have access to our Nature’s Own brand. During that same five-year period, we are projecting 5% to 10% annual sales growth (including acquisitions), as well as double-digit earnings per share growth annually.
Our unique culture – the Flowers Way – is a competitive advantage that will help us meet our ambitious goals. Throughout our company, we have team members who do more than what is expected of them, every day in every way. Our talented, experienced team continues to be a critical factor in our ongoing success. Our board of directors also deserves our thanks for their willingness to serve Flowers Foods and to provide oversight for our company.
We are proud of our accomplishments in 2010, but we are truly excited about what lies ahead for our company. Thank you for your investment in Flowers Foods and for the confidence your investment shows in our strategies and our team.
Best regards,
George E. Deese Allen L. Shiver
  Chairman and CEO
President
Flowers Foods’ Guiding Principles: Integrity, Service, Quality, Commitment
