2006 was another great year for Flowers Foods. Our
team put in an outstanding performance and achieved:
•
10% increase in sales,
•
19% increase in earnings from continuing
operations, and
•
22% increase in earnings per share from
continuing operations.
Among the year’s highlights:
•
We added production capacity to support our multiple
years of strong sales growth.This included the opening
of a new bakery in Newton, N.C., the start-up of a
bread line in our Villa Rica, Ga., bakery, and the
reopening of a bakery in Houston.
•
We extended our direct-store-delivery (DSD) territory
into areas that adjoin our current territory, including
Cincinnati, Ohio, and southern Indiana.
• We acquired Derst Baking Company in Savannah,
Ga., which strengthened our position in the South
Carolina market.
• We introduced new products aimed at health and
wellness trends, including six all natural, premium
specialty breads under
Nature’s Own; buns under our
Whitewheat
brand; and new “better-for-you” snacks
under the
Mrs. Freshley’s SnackAway
brand.
• We renewed our efforts to manage our resources
wisely by launching a formal sustainability program.
• Following an extensive study of the performance
of 8,000 consumer brands over eight years, Bain &
Company, a global management consulting firm,
selected
Nature’s Own
as one of 17 “All Star” brands.
• Forbes magazine named Flowers Foods one of the
best-managed companies in the U.S.
We were able to accomplish all this while facing the
most dramatic cost increases I have seen in my 40 years
in this business.This is proof that Flowers Foods is
“doing what we do best.”
To achieve our goals in
the face of such increases, we sharpened efficiencies
throughout our operation, eliminated unnecessary
expenses, and cut costs wherever possible. Only then
did we increase prices to our customers.
We have invested in our bakeries for decades and they
are the most efficient in the country.We have listened
to our customers and to consumers and responded
with new products to fit their needs.We continue to
grow our core business, enter new geographic markets,
and make acquisitions that fit our growth strategy.We
are using technology in all areas of our business to
work smarter. And, we have the most experienced
team in the baking industry.
Taken together, all of these allow us to ultimately do
what we do best – deliver consistent sales and earnings
growth within the bakery category and to deliver value
for shareholders.
Over several decades, we have created and honed a business
model that provides us with a good foundation for growth.
Financially, our company is on sound footing and our bakery
operations are poised to support further sales growth.The
strength of our brands, the quality of our products, the
power of our bakeries, the dedication of our independent
distributors, and the talent and energy of the entire Flowers
team are enviable advantages.We are in a great position to
continue growing Flowers Foods.
To the entire team of Flowers employees, distributors, and
associates, I extend my heartfelt thanks for a job well done.
Never doubt the value you bring to our company.We could
not bake or distribute our products without you.
Our company also benefits from an outstanding board of
directors. Our directors are attuned to the importance
of corporate governance and believe in a culture of
accountability, responsibility, and ethical behavior.We
are fortunate to have their oversight and guidance.
To our shareholders, we pledge to continue to build value
for you by operating our business wisely and by focusing
on growth opportunities within the bakery category.
Thank you for the confidence you have in our team and
for your investment in Flowers Foods.
We will continue to do what we do best.
George E. Deese
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President