           OUR VISION
As America’s premier baker, we craft foods that make people smile. We are driven by a passion to boldly grow our business through inspiring leadership, team- work, and creativity.
OUR VALUES
A passion for baking and our commitment to integrity, service, quality and creativity guide all our efforts.
Fellow shareholders:
For Flowers Foods, 2016 was a year of transitions. Early in the year, we completed the conversion of our Tuscaloosa bakery
to an organic facility, producing delicious, high-quality Dave’s Killer Bread organic products. This allowed us to quadruple the direct-store-delivery availability of Dave’s Killer Bread to more than 9,000 new stores in April with the nationwide launch, significantly strengthening our presence in the growing organic bread segment. In September, we introduced Nature’s Own Life, a sub-brand of Nature’s Own, our top-selling bread brand. Nature’s Own Life is a great solution for consumers who are looking to boost protein, increase whole grains and fiber, or reduce calories and sugar in their diets. Throughout the year, many of our other brands, including Tastykake, Wonder, Mrs. Freshley’s and Cobblestone Bread Co., celebrated transitions of their own with launches of new and seasonal items, promotional tie-ins, advertising campaigns, and packaging makeovers.
Project Centennial
The most important event for Flowers in 2016 began mid-year, when we announced Project Centennial, a company-wide business and operational review. A significant and multi-year undertaking, the goal of Project Centennial is to fundamentally change the way we approach our business, transforming Flowers Foods from a regionally focused business to a national branded food company–reflecting the business realities of changing consumer preferences and an evolving market. To
be successful, a transformation of this magnitude takes time, discipline, careful execution, and a substantial investment. Through this project, we intend to do a better job of connecting with consumers by investing in our brands, capitalizing on emerging opportunities as consumer preferences evolve, and removing operational complexity–all while driving margin expansion.
We examined every aspect of our company and its operations, interviewing hundreds of team members, customers, and independent distributors. We conducted in-depth consumer research and evaluated trends in the marketplace.
  FOUR PRIORITIES
Project Centennial has four priorities that are the foundation for our new business strategy:
Reinvigorate core business Align brands to consumers, invest in brand growth and innovation, support distributor partners
Capitalize on product adjacencies Build leading foodservice position, grow in-store bakery, seek opportunities in healthy snacking
Reduce costs to fuel growth Simplify and streamline operating model, better leverage national footprint
Invest in capabilities and growth Enhance financial planning and analysis capabilities, and redesign our performance management system
By focusing on these priorities, we will be able to grow sales and margins, better manage capital, and deliver long-term value to our shareholders.
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (in thousands, except per share data)
For fiscal year
Sales
Net income
2015
$3,778,505 $189,191
2016
$3,926,885 $163,776
% change
3.9% -13.4%
 Adjusted net income* $196,710
$190,788
-3.0%
Net income per diluted common share $0.89
$0.78
-12.4%
Adjusted net income per diluted common share* $0.92
$0.91
-1.1%
Cash dividends per common share $0.5675 $0.625 10.1%
*Excluding facility closing costs, acquisition-related costs and asset impairment charges in fiscal 2015. Excluding asset impairment charges, pension settlement losses, legal settlements, and a loss on extinguishment of debt in fiscal 2016. See reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures in the following pages.
      2

 We listened carefully and didn’t shy away from difficult conversations. As a result, we came away with a clearer understanding of our strengths, and identified areas for improvement. While we are acting with urgency to implement changes to improve results, we will be disciplined in our approach, following proven strategies and processes. Through Project Centennial, we believe shareholders will be rewarded with ownership in a truly best-in-class operation able to deliver superior returns. 
Outlook
For fiscal 2017, we anticipate sales to be flat to up 2%, reflecting overall category trends and earnings per share in the range of $0.87 to $0.96. Excluding Project Centennial costs–currently projected to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million, or approximately $0.07 to $0.09 per share–and a gain on the sale of the Cedar Rapids, Iowa mix plant
of approximately $0.09 to $0.10 per share, we are forecasting adjusted earnings per share* in the range of $0.85 to $0.95. Our EPS outlook reflects higher workforce-related costs offset by only slight input cost deflation. We also anticipate increased expenses for depreciation, amortization and interest. Over the long term, we intend to deliver topline growth of 2%-4%, increase EBITDA margins to 13%-14%, and grow EPS 8%-10%. Looking ahead to 2017 and beyond, we are confident Flowers is on a path to better growth and profitability.
Flowers is a company committed to excellence. We have an incredible portfolio of strong, trusted brands at the core of our growth platform, supported by efficient and effective strategies we have developed. Our board of directors enthusiastically endorses Project Centennial and our talented Flowers team members are unwavering in their commitment to excellence.
In closing, I would like to thank the 10,800 Flowers employees for their efforts. I am proud of their many accomplishments in 2016 and look forward to their future contributions. On behalf of Flowers Foods, I would also like to thank the thousands of independent distributor partners serving the daily needs of retailers and foodservice customers. Lastly, our deep appreciation to our customers, our consumers, our board of directors, and our shareholders for their continued support.
Allen L. Shiver President and CEO
* Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) margin, adjusted
net income and adjusted net income per diluted common share are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measure is included in the following pages.
Nature’s Own Life is a great solution for consumers who are looking to boost protein, increase whole grains and fiber, or reduce calories and sugar in their diets.
 Following the national direct-store-delivery launch in April, Dave’s Killer Bread products are now available in more than 17,000 stores within our geographic footprint.
  Tastykake Frosters are delicious creme- filled cakes topped with a wonderful layer of textured frosting.
 In 2016, two long-standing members of the board of directors, Franklin L. Burke and Joe E. Beverly, retired with 22 and 20 years of service, respectively. We deeply appreciate their guidance and counsel and thank them for their many years of service.
3
