      FLUOR CORPORATION is a community of
outstanding people
able to do things no one else can do.
Dear
SHAREHOLDER
While Fluor Corporation achieved an important turnaround in 1998, much remains to be done. In view of the economic slowdown in many of the markets we serve, such as Asia and the oil industry, we will face new challenges in the year 2000 and beyond. We have under- taken a comprehensive review of long-term strategy to assure our future business is as profitable as possible. Our objective is to structure the company so that it provides gains in shareholder value even when eco- nomic conditions are not optimum.
                 
IMPROVED RESULTS IN 1998
We are encouraged that the company achieved its earnings targets for 1998, significantly outpacing our disappointing 1997 results. Fluor Daniel, our engineering, construction, maintenance and diversi- fied services business, made substantial progress this year in achieving its 1998 earnings objectives, despite deteriorating global market conditions. The Diversified Services Group contributed materially to Fluor Daniel’s 1998 results. A.T. Massey Coal con- tinued to deliver meaningful earnings growth and higher profit margins through operational excellence.
Net earnings were $235 million, or $2.97 per share, up from $146 million, or $1.75 per share in 1997. Return on shareholders’ equity of 14.5 percent also showed substantial improvement from the prior year. Importantly, operating margins in both Fluor Daniel and A.T. Massey increased each quarter as the year progressed.
In October, we terminated plans to sell American Equipment Company. Because market conditions for the sale deteriorated rapidly, we concluded that it was in our shareholders’ best interest to retain the busi- ness. In the past few years, we have upgraded and modernized American Equipment Company’s inven- tory and are now well positioned to capture value from equipment sales, leasing and aftermarket services sectors. As the trend toward outsourcing continues to grow, we believe American Equipment Company will be an engine for growth in the years ahead.
In anticipation of the sale of American Equipment Company, Fluor Corporation repurchased 8.3 million shares of its stock for a total cost of $379 million. These purchases were funded primarily through short-term borrowing. While the buyback program increased the debt of the company, our credit ratings remain unchanged, and our share- holders benefited from improved returns.
OUTLOOK
Our engineering and construction business repre- sents about one-third of our earnings base and will face serious challenges in the next few years, while the other two-thirds of our earnings, represented by A.T. Massey and the Diversified Services Group, has a more favorable outlook.
FLUOR DANIEL
With weakening global economic conditions and continuing volatility in capital markets, our engi- neering and construction business is facing a potential slowdown in new business across a variety of geographic regions and industries. New awards declined by 18 percent in 1998 to $10 billion, com- pared with $12.1 billion last year and are expected to decline further in 1999. Backlog declined $1.7 billion from a year ago to $12.6 billion. The decrease in backlog in part reflects our increased emphasis on improving margins through selectivity in new projects, but it also indicates that clients are deferring final decision to proceed on major new capital projects. In response, we are focusing on the value drivers for our clients and looking for ways to provide a differentiated scope of services. Key client essentials include competitive performance on cost, schedule, quality and safety.
DIVERSIFIED SERVICES GROUP
The businesses in the Diversified Services Group — American Equipment Company (AMECO), Maintenance Services, Technology Services and TRS Staffing Solutions — are focused on capturing service industry opportunities that leverage the company’s core competencies and capabilities. Originally developed in support of project work for clients, these businesses have been expanded and are now positioned to capitalize on the rapidly growing market for services considered non-core activities by our clients.
In today’s competitive environment, companies are placing increased emphasis on their core busi- nesses and are increasingly turning to service providers who can complement their internal capa- bilities and collectively perform at a higher quality level and reduced cost. For example, AMECO’s clients and contractors are seeing increased value in one-stop shopping for the array of products it pro- vides from rental of construction and industrial equipment to aftermarket parts and services. The Maintenance Services business targets a broad range of plant needs including repair, and preventive and predictive maintenance. The long-term client relation- ships and alliances forged through the Maintenance
p.3
    
  p.4
Service business provide a stable and often counter- cyclical opportunity. Technology Services continues to build its knowledge database and is now offering its TabWareTM Enterprise Asset Management soft- ware on-line to provide clients with real-time access to critical plant maintenance data through the internet. With TRS, we are expanding in areas where demand remains particularly strong for skilled pro- fessionals, primarily in information technology, accounting and finance, legal, and certain engi- neering and design disciplines.
These businesses have growth opportunities and expanded market potential well beyond Fluor Daniel project activities. Consequently, we are now exploring how best to manage and market these services.
A.T. MASSEY COAL
When rated by revenues, Massey is the fifth largest coal producer in the United States. It has achieved an enviable average annual operating profit growth of 13 percent over the past 10 years. While the price of coal deteriorated somewhat over the past several years, Massey’s management offset these price reduc- tions through increased sales volume and lower cost. Massey’s priority will be a continued focus on reducing costs, increasing productivity and lever- aging its high-quality, low-sulfur reserve base in Central Appalachia to further enhance its competi- tive advantage. Through a continuing strategy of investment in new high-quality reserves and modern mining equipment and procedures, Massey has con- sistently increased its production capacity and market flexibility. Since 1991, the company has more than doubled its reserve base. Total coal reserves at year end were 1.83 billion tons. Massey’s dual objectives to outperform its industry in terms of earnings growth and shareholder returns remain unchanged for the future. Certain strategic components, which have contributed in part to its success, are reaching natural limits and we are looking at additional strategies to support future performance objectives. With that in mind, we will explore more creative strategies which could expand Massey’s longer-term earnings power and growth potential.
Detailed reports on the Fluor Daniel and Massey operations and the overall financial picture of the company are provided in separate sections of this report beginning on pages 6, 14 and 21, respectively.
STRATEGIC PLAN
Our efforts to develop a more aggressive strategic plan, with emphasis on creating long-term share- holder value, are well underway. March 1999 is the target date for introducing some initial restructuring steps, but we are taking actions as opportunities for improvement are identified.
We are looking at our competitive strengths as a company, and how we can better serve our existing clients and industries as well as expanding into other new markets. We are looking at each of our businesses to understand its competitive position and how it fits with our long-term strategies. We are prepared to exit businesses that don’t make sense for us. The December sale of our majority interest in Fluor Daniel GTI, an environmental services company, is an example of such a move. We also are looking at our investment spending to assure appropriate capital allocation and to optimize return on invest- ment across all business segments.
A major human resources study has been initiated to help align our procedures, organizational struc- ture and recognition and rewards systems with a new strategic direction. Ultimately, knowledge and people will drive our success, and we intend to invest heavily in the training and development of our people and reward them accordingly.
Another essential component of our strategy is providing more advanced tools to our people. We have launched a major effort to improve the use of information technology to harness the company’s considerable intellectual property and to use it as a competitive advantage. A complementary effort is underway to streamline our fundamental work processes to reduce costs and increase efficiency.
We are improving the way we integrate our busi- ness management processes to provide near real-time financial performance information, including imple- mentation of an Enterprise Resource Management

system. With improved business information our leaders will more effectively implement strategies and develop new business opportunities.
The result of our efforts will be a Fluor Corpor- ation which is considerably different from the company we are today.
RECORD YEAR FOR SAFETY
Congratulations to our Fluor Daniel employees for a record safety performance in 1998. The company is establishing a new standard in construction and mining safety excellence, achieving record lows in every measurement category. Fluor Daniel ended the year with a lost workday case incidence rate of .06 world- wide, compared with .08 in 1997. Fluor Daniel’s safety performance is more than 60 times better than the national industry average. A.T. Massey’s employee safety performance is nearly two times better than its industry average.
VALUE TO CLIENTS
The goods and services we provide to our clients are critical building blocks in creating economic growth and improving living standards in both industrialized and developing economies. Our employees take great pride in making this critical contribution to society, and have consistently worked toward delivering quality services and products that exceed expectations. Fluor Corporation is a community of outstanding people able to do things no one else can do.
MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In December, Frederick J. Grigsby, Jr. joined Fluor as senior vice president of Human Resources and Ad- ministration. Since 1995, he served as vice president, Human Resources, for Thermo King Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Ingersoll-Rand. Fred succeeds Charles J. Bradley, a 40-year Fluor em-ployee who retired at calendar year end. Chuck provided great leadership to our human resources activities during his long tenure, and we wish him the best in his retirement.
In November, George K. Palmer joined the com- pany as vice president of Corporate Relations. George brings more than 30 years of experience in public
affairs. Most recently he owned and managed a communication consultancy, and was previously vice president of Corporate Communications with Rhône-Poulenc.
On a sadder note, Buck Mickel, retired vice chairman and president of Fluor Corporation, passed away in July. Buck retired from executive positions with the company in 1987, and retired from Fluor’s Board of Directors in January 1998. He provided 50 years of exceptional service to our company, and his loss is deeply felt by all who knew him.
THANK YOU
I would like to extend my personal appreciation to the board of directors for asking me to lead this great company. I promise to do everything in my power to improve the strengths of Fluor Corpor- ation and deliver improved shareholder value in the years ahead.
Special thanks to Peter Fluor and the other members of the Office of the Chairman — Don Blankenship, Jim Rollans and Jim Stein — for their exceptional leadership and collective wisdom in steering the company in the months prior to my arrival in July.
I would also like to thank all who have contributed to the suc- cesses achieved in 1998, especially our employees worldwide and our customers for selecting us to provide services and products.
Lastly, we also greatly appre- ciate the support and confidence of our shareholders who have stayed with us through this time of recovery and redirection.
PHILIP J. CARROLL, JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer January 18, 1999
p.5
      
p.6
Dear
SHAREHOLDER
Fluor Daniel achieved significant improvement in 1998, meeting its earnings objectives for the year, despite deteriorating global economic conditions. Substantial progress was made on improving both current performance and increasing the long-term earnings power of the company.
Cornerstones for improving financial performance in our traditional engineering and construction business remain cost management, excellence in everything we do, and increased selectivity in the markets and projects we pursue. The focus of our increased selectivity is to concentrate on clients and projects where we can bring, through our knowl- edge and technology, added value which can be converted into higher margins and earnings potential and ultimately greater shareholder value.
To help us accomplish our goals, we have undertaken a comprehensive long-term strategic planning effort, beginning with an assessment of our geographic markets, the industries we serve, our client base and the scope of services we offer. To capitalize on longer-term oppor- tunities, we are expanding existing services and developing new business activities which, while potentially beyond the scope of a traditional project, address issues of increasing importance to our clients. By providing differentiated services and eliminating a labor-hour mentality, we will change how our clients think about the value we provide.
Our most important priority is to leverage our knowledge to better understand and anticipate our clients’ changing needs and provide innovative solutions which address the value drivers of their business success. The competitive global marketplace is increasingly causing clients to focus on their core competencies and reduce costs. As a result, many are outsourcing a growing number of the services historically performed in-house and are looking to Fluor Daniel to help them improve their return on assets.
This changing market dynamic is creating exciting new business potential for Fluor Daniel. For example, we are increasingly providing services to help clients improve their asset management. As we implement our long-term strategic plan, we will focus on expanding our core competencies in areas which provide enhanced earnings growth potential.
A significant component in our future business mix will be continued expan- sion of our Diversified Services Group. These business activities, which typically carry higher margins, have significant earnings power and growth potential. Investments have been made in these businesses over the past few years which are now benefiting both current and future expected performance.
To create a durable competitive advantage and build distinctive core compe- tencies, we are investing in both information technology and people. We intend to be the leader in establishing a new identity by setting new standards for quality services and products in a rapidly changing market. Our vision is to be the premier provider of knowledge-based services to improve our customers’ productivity and profitability.
Jim Stein
President and Chief Operating Officer Fluor Daniel
 