A Message from David Seaton to our Valued Shareholders
 Throughout 2012, Fluor celebrated 100 years of service to our clients, often reflecting on the company's

historic strengths and values that made such a significant achievement possible. We also focused on the steps

we need to take to position ourselves for the next century of industry leadership.  We learned a great deal about our company and our management commitments as we brought our history and culture into perspective, and we sharpened our focus on creating growth strategies for the future. Fluor is a strong and resilient company, and we fully understand the imperative to deliver shareholder value. 
We know that we have to earn your trust every day, and delivering profitable growth gives us the

opportunity to do that. Notwithstanding the unexpected charge relating to the adverse arbitration ruling on the

Greater Gabbard Wind Farm project, I am pleased to report that Fluor's fundamentals remain strong and our financial performance was significant. During the year, we booked new awards totaling $27.1 billion, and our ending backlog stood at a sizeable $38.2 billion. Fluor's revenue grew to a record $27.6 billion, and net earnings attributable to Fluor were $456 million, or $2.71 per share.  Fluor's balance sheet remains strong, with year-end cash and securities of $2.6 billion. In 2012, we returned $518 million in cash to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase of 7.4 million shares, and still maintain one of the healthiest cash positions in the industry. We expect to continue to return cash to shareholders during 2013.



Our shareholders and clients can have confidence in the underlying strength of Fluor. Our substantial

financial position, global diversification, expansive client relationships, and the expertise that comes from a century of experience give Fluor resilience in the face of big challenges. This is the legacy of Fluor, one that allows us to provide customers with best-in-class services and the best people in the industry. The strength and depth of our company, and our continuous efforts to grow the next generation of industry leaders, position Fluor as an employer of choice, giving us another strategic and competitive advantage.  These defining characteristics will prove especially valuable in 2013 and beyond, as large industrial projects that address unprecedented population needs and energy demands become reality.



We anticipate significant long-term growth in the capital spending trends of our major customers, which

will fuel growth opportunities for Fluor. Throughout 2012, we took a number of important steps to position Fluor for

this next growth cycle, focusing on the strategic imperatives of optimizing costs, building and improving relationships, and growing our businesses and services.  For example, in 2012, Fluor signed a three-year strategic global engineering, procurement, construction and construction management agreement with Dow Chemical Company. This illustrates our ability to strategically partner and position the company as a valued resource for clients on the execution of their capital project plans. Fluor was also awarded a five-year enterprise framework agreement for engineering and project management services for Shell's projects in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Our partnering arrangement with BASF in Asia and Europe was strengthened with an additional services agreement in 2012, covering all of North America. Fluor currently has multiple active projects under the BASF partnering agreements, and the Dow alliance has already resulted in a contract for a propylene production project in Freeport, Texas. Strategic partnerships of this nature position Fluor for substantial future global opportunities. 

8
FLUOR CORPORATION

39.5 26.9 27.1 27.4 26.9 27.1 34.9 3.40

38.2 34.9 2.71

39.5 3.40

38.2 2,607 2.71

2,761 2,610 2,607

2,761

1.98

1.98

2011

2012

2010

2011

2012

20102010 2011 2011 2012 2012

2010 2010

20112011

2012 2012

2010

2011

2012

2010

2011

TED NEW AWARDS

CONSOLIDATED NEW AWARDS
(Dollars in Billions)

CONSOLIDATED EARNINGSBACKLOG PER SHARE
(Dollars in(Dollars) Billions)

EARNINGS BACKLOG PER SHARE CONSOLIDATED
(Dollars) (Dollars in Billions)

CASH & MARKETABLE SECURITIES CASH & MARKETABLE S
(Dollars in Billions)

rs in Billions)

(Dollars in Billions


3.40 2.71

Significant new awards across all five business segments were won during 2012, and noteworthy

milestones were achieved during the year, 2,761 solidifying Fluor's strong2,761 position in key markets. Fluor's Oil & Gas
2,610 joint venture 2,610 a contract by Tengizchevroil, LLP, 3.40 $12.6 billion in new 2,607 business secured work. A Fluor-led was awarded 2,607 for its Wellhead Pressure 2.71 Management Project in Kazakhstan, and two contracts were awarded to support Reliance Industries' 1.98 next phase of refinery and petrochemicals growth in India. Other noteworthy awards included additional scope and incremental releases for a major oil sands expansion project in Canada. In addition, the number of front-end engineering and design (FEED) projects awarded to Fluor in 2012 signals a resurgence in oil and gas markets, where Fluor is well positioned. 2010 2011 2012 2010 2011 2012 2010 2011 2012  Fluor's Industrial & Infrastructure group booked new awards of $9.5 billion in 2012. This group celebrated the EARNINGS PER SHARE CASH & MARKETABLE SECURITIES CASH & MARKETABLE SECURITIES early opening of the new I-495 Express Lanes in Virginia, bringing welcome relief to one of the most congested (Dollars) (Dollars in Billions) (Dollars in Billions) highway systems in the United States. Another Fluor-led joint venture was named by the Texas Department of Transportation as the preferred bidder for the design, construction and capital maintenance of a major road project in Dallas, Texas. Fluor won a number of important mining and metals contracts, despite a slowing demand for commodities, and the company continues to see long-term opportunities to maintain our leadership position in this market. For example, Fluor was awarded significant new scope from Barrick Gold Corporation at the Pascua Lama mining project located on the Argentina/Chile border, arguably one of the most significant and challenging mining projects currently underway in the world.  Our Government business remained strong, strengthening existing relationships and expanding our portfolio of service-related work. During 2012, the U.S. Department of Energy extended Fluor's contract at the Savannah River Site and selected a Fluor joint venture company as the prime contractor for the decontamination and decommissioning of the Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant in Ohio. A Fluor team was selected by the U.S. Army to participate in its massive EAGLE logistics program, which will allow Fluor to compete for future task orders. The U.S. Department of Defense also selected a Fluor joint venture to perform base operations support at seven arsenals in Illinois.  Fluor's Global Services team pursued a number of new long-term contracts with major industrial customers, booking $904 million in new awards and renewals during the year. In addition, key acquisitions, along with joint ventures established during the year, will further strengthen Fluor's growth potential.  Further advancing our position as a leader in the solar power engineering and construction industry, LS Power Group awarded Fluor an engineering, procurement and construction contract, as well as a separate contract for ongoing operations and maintenance services, for a 170-megawatt solar photovoltaic facility in Southern California. Also during the year, regulatory permits were received by Fluor client LCRA, clearing the way for Fluor to proceed with plans to build a new natural gas-fired power plant in Horseshoe Bay, Texas.

2011

2012

GS PER SHARE

Dollars)

2O1 2 A N N U A L R E P O R T

9

-- David T. Seaton Chairman and CEO

"It's not just about solving the challenges that face us today ­ it's about looking far enough ahead to solve the issues we'll face 30 years from now."

10

FLUOR CORPORATION



Fluor's global reach and project expertise provide a strong foundation for the future and bring new

opportunities for success with our clients. Growth in emerging markets, infrastructure needs in mature markets, and improving economic conditions hold great promise for Fluor across all of our business segments. I believe that meeting these growing demands will require new thinking and changes to the way we approach our markets and serve our customers.  Fluor is working to provide a more vertically integrated approach to executing work, which should drive more value to our clients and increase our share of a project's profitability. To that end, we will seek opportunities to make strategic acquisitions or establish joint venture companies that enhance the company's ability to provide modular construction and fabrication. We will also expand upon our heritage as a builder by increasing direct-hire construction where it makes the best sense for our businesses and our customers.  During 2012, Fluor formed a joint venture with AG&P, a Philippines-based company that specializes in modular engineering and fabrication services. We made this investment to expand our capabilities into a full range of integrated engineering, fabrication, module assembly and construction services.  We also formed a new joint venture with one of Brazil's largest construction companies, which will link that organization's growing presence in Brazil with Fluor's project execution leadership. AMECO, Fluor's integrated equipment and tool solutions company, acquired ServiTrade, a Mozambique-based construction equipment rental and project services company. This gives Fluor an early entry in this high-growth region of Africa.  Investments like these position us to provide improved schedule, delivery and cost certainty to our clients. But that is only part of the equation. We also know that Fluor plays an important, and often essential, role in helping shape the competitiveness of our clients. Customers are searching for a trusted partner with mutual benefits and shared risks. Meeting clients' needs for reduced capital costs and accelerated schedules is key to successful long-term business relationships.  Our business and financial performance is the result of extraordinary commitment and capability at every level of the company. I am immensely grateful to Fluor's over 40,000 employees for the dedication they bring to work each and every day. I'd like to acknowledge that after over a decade of exceptional service in leading Fluor's finance organization, Chief Financial Officer D. Michael Steuert retired during 2012. Biggs C. Porter joined the company as Fluor's new Chief Financial Officer, bringing a wealth of financial leadership experience. And to Fluor's Board of Directors, for their ongoing guidance and confidence in the company, I offer my sincere thanks. Joining our Board's ten other independent directors in 2012 was Armando J. Olivera, retired president and chief executive officer of Florida Power & Light Company.  When I reflect upon where Fluor stands today, and the remarkable achievements that distinguish us as an industry leader, I am also respectful of the vast opportunity that is before us. As we step into the first decade of our next hundred years, we are focused on sustainable growth ­ adapting to market changes and client needs, investing in our people, being selective in the projects we pursue, and building trusted relationships with our stakeholders.

D AVID T . S EATO N Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Fluor Corporation March 8, 2013

2O1 2 A N N U A L R E P O R T

11

