Dear Valued Shareholders

I am delighted to report that your company has delivered its best results ever. The dedication and hard work of our 42,000 employees have resulted in record-setting financial performance and excellent client satisfaction. Moreover, we are well positioned to capitalize on the wealth of business opportunities before us across the wide spectrum of industries Fluor serves. Our Financial Strength In 2008, Fluor delivered on its promise to shareholders to create value by consistently delivering superior earnings growth. Earnings grew for the sixth consecutive year, and the company set records for new awards and backlog. Net earnings advanced 35 percent to a record $720 million or $3.93 per share. Revenue was $22.3 billion, an increase of 34 percent. New awards and backlog, leading indicators of future financial performance, were up 11 percent to $25.1 billion and 10 percent to $33.2 billion, respectively. Our backlog continues to outpace our competitors. Despite these extraordinary accomplishments, optimism for the company's future potential performance was tempered by concerns caused by the global credit crisis, commodity price pressures and significant financial market declines worldwide, which began to unfold in late 2008. Even with these challenging economic conditions, we remain confident in Fluor's ability to deliver shareholder value, as the majority of our clients base their capital investment decisions on long-term supply-and-demand models. As a result, to date, we have experienced little disruption to the volume and demand for our services. While a few projects have been slowed at the time of writing this letter, the impact to Fluor's backlog has been relatively minor. Furthermore, because of the conservative financial strategies we've employed during this decade, Fluor's financial condition continues to be exceptionally strong. We enjoy the highest credit rating of any publicly traded company in our industry, helping to ensure access to capital markets, letters of credit and performance bonds that are critical to our success. At year-end, we had minimal debt and $2.1 billion in cash and securities. These ample resources will allow us to support future growth initiatives, both organically and potentially through strategic acquisitions. Our Business Performance Fluor continues to expand globally, with about 45 percent of our new awards in 2008 coming from projects outside the United States. We focused on key growth areas like the Middle East and either opened or expanded offices in Alaska, Argentina, China, Libya, Russia and Singapore. Across the various industry segments we serve, Fluor employees continued to provide outstanding service to our clients around the world. In our Oil & Gas segment, Fluor won more than 10 major refinery projects, worked on several fast-track polysilicon projects and maintained our leadership position in the petrochemicals market, with the completion of four major complexes in the Middle East. We launched a new business unit called Fluor Offshore Solutions, leveraging the company's strong resume of building complex and remote offshore projects around the globe that dates back to the 1960s. Significant new oil and gas awards included a $3.4 billion contract for BP America's Whiting Refinery modernization project; a $1.9 billion contract to upgrade Total's refinery in Port Arthur, Texas; the world's largest polysilicon plant in China for LDK Solar, valued at $1 billion; and a number of other significant awards across our upstream and downstream markets. Despite softening oil prices, we also continue to execute a large number of front-end engineering and design contracts, which have the potential to convert into full-scope engineering, procurement and construction projects in 2009. In our Industrial & Infrastructure segment, new awards were strong and broad based. We won a significant contract for BHP Billiton's iron ore Rapid Growth Program in Western Australia and established an alliance with Newmont Mining to be one of two suppliers for its mining projects worldwide. In Manufacturing, we won a $420 million contract to build a new solar panel complex in Singapore for Renewable Energy Corporation. Our Infrastructure business was selected to design and construct a 500-megawatt offshore wind farm -- the world's largest -- off the coast of England, under a $1.8 billion contract. Additionally, the $1.4 billion High Occupancy Toll Lanes project on the Interstate 495/Capital Beltway in Virginia proceeded following financial closing during 2008.

Our work for the U.S. government continued across a number 
 of fronts. At the Savannah River Nuclear Site in South Carolina, 
 the Fluor-led partnership is providing management, operations 
 and remediation services for a five-year period under a $4 
 billion contract. Fluor also began logistics support work in 
 Afghanistan under the U.S. Army's task order-based LOGCAP 
 IV contract. At the Hanford nuclear site in Washington State, 
 Fluor continued its long-term presence as part of a team 
 providing safe environmental cleanup of the Central Plateau. 
 Our Global Services segment secured numerous contract 
 expansions and new sole-source awards with existing 
 clients, and multi-year contract awards were competitively 
 won with four new clients. To expand Fluor's relationships 
 with clients that maintain commercial assets in Europe, 
 Global Services acquired UNEC Engineering N.V. of Belgium 
 and Europea de Ingenieriá y Asesoramiento of Spain. 
 Finally, Fluor also helps meet the growing demand for 
 electricity. Our Power segment won a contract to construct 
 a 620-megawatt gas-fired power project that will create 
 reliable energy with lower emissions for Brazos Electric 
 Cooperative. For Luminant, the 1,600-megawatt coal-fired 
 Oak Grove project progressed on schedule, and workers 
 there eclipsed the five million safe work hour milestone. We
 are also installing state-of-the-art nitrogen oxide emission 
 controls at Luminant's Sandow coal-fired power plant to 
 improve air quality. In Germany, Fluor and its partner, E.ON 
 Energie AG, are using Fluor's proprietary, commercially 
 proven Econamine FG Plus
SM

how the work Fluor employees perform actually affects the daily lives of people around the world. Over the past century, our employees have engineered and constructed power plants that light up cities, offshore platforms and refineries that fuel commerce, highways and railways that transport people and products, pharmaceutical facilities that produce medicines that make us healthier and shelter for victims of natural disasters. I invite you to read on the pages that follow about specific examples of where Fluor has contributed significantly to economic advancement and enhanced the lives of millions of people worldwide, including yours. Our Confidence While there are a number of uncertainties in the global economic environment today, we are encouraged by our current prospect list and the substantial earnings power of our existing backlog. Our focus on winning major, long-term capital projects with well-funded clients will continue to generate significant opportunity for the company, and as a result, we believe that 2009 has the potential to be solid for Fluor. While it would be naïve to suggest that our projects and prospects are fully insulated from today's economic challenges, we have consulted with many of our valued clients that have reassessed their capital spending plans for 2009. For example, several of our major oil and gas clients have reaffirmed their substantial levels of global capital investment. Overall, we believe the outlook for the majority of Fluor's markets remains positive, with exciting prospects in the oil, gas, petrochemicals, power, infrastructure and government sectors. While the potential exists for near-term decline in certain markets, such as oil sands and mining, we believe that Fluor's industry diversification will continue to be an asset. That said, I believe that the challenging global economic environment also presents opportunity for Fluor. Governments around the world are considering economic stimulus packages to spur global growth, packages that include major investments in infrastructure. We are well positioned to leverage our extensive expertise in the financing and development of major infrastructure projects. Additionally, there is growing interest in renewable energy, carbon capture and sequestration and green technologies -- areas in which Fluor already has an impressive resume. My confidence is founded on Fluor's successful track record of taking on the toughest challenges and succeeding. Fluor's key strengths -- a strong global presence, the resiliency of our industry diversification, ability to rapidly

technology to create low

carbon power using coal as a fuel source. In our growing 
 nuclear business, Fluor received its nuclear certificates of 
 accreditation, placing the company in the top tier of firms 
 capable of developing nuclear projects worldwide.
 In addition to these accomplishments, our world-class safety 
 performance continues to lead the industry. Fluor completed 
 2008 with an all-time record low of lost workday cases. 
 Because of our sustained, exceptional safety performance, 
 we were selected by the Occupational Safety and Health 
 Administration as one of only seven U.S. companies to 
 participate in its Voluntary Protection Programs Corporate Pilot. 
 For more insight into Fluor's global sustainability practices, 
 I encourage you to review page 30 of this annual report. 
 Our Impact on You Many people think of Fluor as simply a large industrial contractor. Quite the contrary, we are a services company and so much more. We have designed this report to illustrate

2

shift resources, use of advanced technologies, project execution excellence and robust financial position -- clearly separate us from our principal competitors. Despite global financial disruptions, I remain optimistic that Fluor's underlying earnings potential is substantial. Our Appreciation In 2008, we said good-bye and thank you to two special members of the Fluor family. Lord Robin Renwick, one of our longest serving directors, retired from our Board of Directors. He served as chair of our Board's Governance Committee and made significant contributions to Fluor during his 11-year tenure. At the senior management level, Steve Gilbert, senior vice president of Human Resources and Administration, retired after 37 years of valuable service in both business and functional leadership roles. In conclusion, I wish to extend my sincere appreciation to everyone engaged in our success. This includes our Board of Directors, whose knowledge of our business and perspective on global market opportunities add significant value to our operations. It involves our employees, whose tireless contributions and outstanding achievements are directly responsible for Fluor's achievements. And it represents our many clients and shareholders whose trust, confidence and support we deeply value. With the talent and dedication of our people and the trust of our clients, there is no doubt that we will successfully meet the challenges that lie ahead and continue to serve you, our valued shareholders. EARNINGS PER SHARE
(Dollars)

CONSOLIDATED NEW AWARDS
(Dollars in Billions)

CONSOLIDATED
 BACKLOG

(Dollars in Billions)

30
 25.1 25
 22.6 20
 19.3 15
 10
 5
 0
 06 07 08

35
 25
 15
 10
 5
 0
 06 07 08 21.9 20
 30.2 30
 33.2 08 2,108

CASH AND MARKETABLE SECURITIES
(Dollars in Millions)

4.00 3.93 3.00 2.93 2.00 1.48 1.00

2,500 2,000 1,714 06 976 07 1,500 1,000 500 07 08 0

Alan L. Boeckmann Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2009
0 06

3

