2015 Annual Report

To Our Valued Shareholders:

David T. Seaton

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

2

Design. Build. Deliver.

If I could write the headline for Fluor in 2015, it would be "Stability in the Face of Great Uncertainty". During 2015, Fluor continued on the strategic journey we began five years ago to become the integrated solutions provider of choice for our clients, improving capital efficiency and cost certainty on their projects and delivering sustainable, profitable growth for our stakeholders.
Integrated Solutions
The restructuring actions we took in 2014 made us more competitive in 2015, even in the face of an extremely volatile business environment. In their quest for greater capital efficiency and cost certainty, our clients are increasingly looking to companies that can provide integrated solutions to meet their project needs. In 2015, we took deliberate steps to add to our capabilities in areas that will significantly enhance our ability to provide solutions across the full life cycle of a project, while at the same time giving us access to a larger share of our clients' investments. We have focused our efforts on developing the capabilities that our clients are telling us will most increase the value we bring to their projects ­ fabrication, self-perform construction, and supply chain and procurement. And we are working to improve the balance of our business between projects that are funded by capital expenditures and activities that are driven by ongoing operating budgets, which are less impacted by volatile commodity prices. In August, we announced our intention to add to our fabrication capabilities through a joint venture with COOEC to own and operate the Zhuhai Fabrication Yard, strategically located in southern China. One of the world's largest fabrication yards, the purpose-built Zhuhai Yard can fabricate very large modules and transport them to any location. Along with our existing fabrication capabilities in Canada, Mexico, Russia and the Philippines, the Zhuhai Yard expands our global fabrication ability for onshore and offshore projects of any size. Fabrication helps us better control project costs and schedules, and provides flexibility to utilize the skills of workers around the world. COOEC is a trusted partner with whom we have had a 20-year relationship.

Operations and maintenance (O&M) of large, complex facilities has long been a part of Fluor's integrated solutions portfolio. O&M activities are typically funded from ongoing operating budgets, which are less impacted by volatile commodity prices. In December, we announced an agreement to expand our current O&M offerings by acquiring Stork Holding B.V., a leading global O&M provider, based in the Netherlands. Adding Stork's capabilities to Fluor's portfolio will significantly expand our ability to provide complete life cycle services to our clients. And thanks to the addition of Stork's talented workforce of more than 15,000 employees, we will have additional flexibility and capacity to increase our maintenance and direct construction work. The acquisition will provide Fluor with a consistent earnings stream and robust growth opportunities. Also in 2015, we announced the creation of a joint venture with Sacyr, a leading multinational Spanish construction company. The new company, Sacyr Fluor, will provide project management, engineering, procurement, construction management and self-perform construction services for the energy and chemicals industry in Spain, Southern Europe, North Africa and certain countries in South America.

The combination will enable us to provide our clients with capital efficiencies, and increases opportunities for Fluor in markets where we have been underexposed.

3

2015 Annual Report

28.8

44.7

25.1

42.5

4.06

4.48

21.8

2013

2014

2015

2013

34.9

2014

2015

2013

2014

2015*

Consolidated New Awards (Dollars in Billions)

Consolidated Backlog (Dollars in Billions)

Earnings Per Share (Dollars)

*Excludes pension settlement expenses of $1.04.

Financial Results

Fluor's financial results for 2015 demonstrate the confidence our clients have in us, despite the impact that commodity prices at multi-year lows have had on their capital expenditures. New awards for the year were $21.8 billion. Net earnings attributable to Fluor from continuing operations were $571 million, or $3.89 per diluted share, excluding a non-operating pre-tax expense of $240 million, or $1.04 per diluted share, related to the closure of the company's U.S. pension plan. Our Oil & Gas business continued to deliver increased value to our clients, despite the volatility of oil prices. Fluor's revenue was $18.1 billion, down from $21.5 billion the year before, driven primarily by the completion of major projects in Canada and Australia. Backlog at year end was $44.7 billion, compared to $42.5 billion in 2014.

Fluor's balance sheet remains strong, with $2.4 billion in cash and marketable securities at year end, the same as the prior year. During 2015, we returned $635 million to shareholders by completing our share repurchase program with the purchase of $510 million worth of Fluor shares and paying out $125 million in dividends. Our priorities for capital deployment remain the same ­ to use our balance sheet to fulfill our strategic goal of achieving sustainable, profitable growth. We will continue to look for opportunities that further fill out our integrated solutions portfolio. Equally, we will return cash to our shareholders when it is the most appropriate course of action and does not impact our plans for long-term growth.

Strategic Growth in Key Markets

New project awards in 2015 continued to demonstrate the belief our clients have in our ability to deliver, and that our strategy to become the integrated solutions provider of choice is working. Key awards in the energy sector included two engineering, procurement and construction packages from Kuwait National Petroleum Company (KNPC) for its new Al-Zour refinery in Kuwait. The $2.6 billion lump-sum turnkey contract extends our relationship with KNPC on this project that began with a front-end engineering contract in 2004. In the Netherlands, we transitioned from front-end engineering and design to undertake engineering, procurement and construction for a major expansion project at a client's Rotterdam refinery. The project will expand the refinery's hydrocracking operations to increase its ability to upgrade heavier byproducts into cleaner, higher-value finished products.

4

3.89

2015 Annual Report

6

Design. Build. Deliver.

Developing Future Talent

At Fluor, our people are one of our greatest strengths. We are recognized as an employer of choice ­ we were named by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers in 2015. We have a strong track record on leadership development. As we continue to transform our company into an integrated solutions provider, it is more important than ever that we have a global pipeline of capable and experienced employees who can lead where growth occurs. Developing our construction workforce is a priority. In three years, Fluor has amassed one of the largest construction workforces in the United States. After we welcome employees from recent project wins and acquisitions, our global craft workforce will exceed 30,000 people, three times greater than a year ago. We are committed to developing the next generation of leaders who can continue to build on our company's heritage and success in the future. In 2015, we piloted an executive mentoring program to help our leaders develop four traits that we think mark exceptional leadership ­ integrity, commitment, emotional intelligence and collaboration. The pilot program was a great success and will be expanded across the company in 2016.

The Outlook for 2016

Despite continuing economic volatility and uncertainty, the actions that we have taken in recent years have made us more competitive and able to meet our clients' needs in a difficult global marketplace.
While 2016 will be another challenging year, we are well positioned to stay the course on our journey to become the integrated solutions provider of choice for our clients, and to deliver long-term value to all our stakeholders. In reviewing this Annual Report with our Board of Directors, I am reminded of the exceptional talent we have in our 45,000-strong workforce around the world. I want to thank all of our employees for their dedication to our company and the hard work they put in every day to contribute to our success. And I want to thank our Board of Directors for their guidance, which is critical to achieving our strategic goal of sustainable, profitable growth for our company.

Core Values

Not only is integrity the mark of an exceptional leader, it is also one of Fluor's core values, along with safety, teamwork and excellence. Integrity is a prized asset for Fluor, and is the cornerstone of everything we do. We expect all our employees to live by our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and to demonstrate it in their behavior every day. And we remain strongly committed to global anti-corruption efforts. We are a founding member of the World Economic Forum's Partnering Against Corruption Initiative (PACI).

As an extension of these core values, I have been personally involved as chairman of PACI Vanguard, a community of global CEOs committed to advocating for a stronger anti-corruption agenda, and also co-chair the B20 Task Force on Improving Transparency and Anti-Corruption.
We have a deep commitment to provide a safe workplace for our employees and subcontractors. While we saw significant improvements in our Health, Safety & Environmental performance and advanced a number of key initiatives to promote greater Health, Safety & Environmental engagement in 2015, it is important to acknowledge that we lost two of our colleagues in work-related incidents. We will reinforce our commitment to safety in 2016, with a focus on personal accountability and appropriate behavior to drive a world-class safety culture.

David T. Seaton

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Fluor Corporation | March 3, 2016

7

