2 Letter to Shareholders
 DEAR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS
From our new global headquarters in Irving, Texas, I am delighted to report that your company has delivered another extremely successful year. The dedication and hard work of our 37,600 employees have resulted in strong financial performance, which has created value for you — our shareholders. Moreover, we are well positioned to capitalize on the wealth of business opportunities before us across the wide spectrum of industries Fluor serves. In fact, Fluor is experiencing the strongest industrial construction market in three decades as global economic expansion stimulates unprecedented increases in capital spending.
Fluor is indeed a company that delivers. In 2006 net earnings advanced 16 percent over last year’s record performance to $264 million, or $2.95 per share. What’s more, records were set in three other key areas: Revenue increased 7 percent to $14.1 billion, new awards were up 54 percent to $19.3 billion and our backlog grew significantly, up 47 percent to $21.9 billion.
Despite the difficulties on the embassy construction projects, 2006 was the best year in Fluor’s history, and 2007 should be even better. Our business is robust, and the underlying earnings potential of the company is substantial.
Our growing backlog demonstrates our strong position amid the increasing demand for engineering, procurement, construction
and maintenance services globally, and it provides an encouraging foundation for further growth in revenues and earnings. In addition, unprecedented strength in new awards has been broad-based across our diverse market sectors, allowing us to take advantage of upturns in a variety of industries and regions, enhancing our growth potential and moderating the impact of some of our more cyclical markets.
Turning to the various industry segments we serve, the size and geographic spread of the Oil & Gas sector represents an especially good opportunity since few competitors can match our capabilities and global scope. The Oil & Gas backlog has grown to more than 50 percent of Fluor’s overall total, with approximately half of the current $12 billion backlog located in the Middle East where
Fluor has decades of experience. Growing demand, the need to replace diminishing reserves and higher prices have given Fluor the opportunity to help develop major new oil and gas fields in the Caspian region and Russia and participate in major new refinery
projects and multibillion-dollar upgrade programs in North America.
Driven by demand for new coal-fired power generation, the backlog of our Power business is showing strong improvement. Fluor is a leader in the development of emissions-reduction programs and has expedited work with clients to develop both pre- and post- combustion carbon dioxide-removal systems for coal- and gas-fired power plants. The company is also positioned for an expected upturn in the nuclear power-generation market.
We are taking advantage of other growing markets as well. Fluor’s mining business continues to book sizable copper and iron ore processing projects, driven by higher commodity prices and significant global demand. In the infrastructure business line, we are leveraging the success of a business model that focuses primarily on large, complex design/build and public/private partnership opportunities. Based on our successful track record serving the U.S. Department of Energy, we are participating in nuclear remediation programs outside the United States, particularly in the United Kingdom and Russia. Additionally, we continue to support FEMA and other agencies through rapid-response contracts. Finally, our integrated Global Services group is growing, serving not only Fluor, but third-party oil and gas, power and industrial clients as well.
Fluor’s solid financial position provides a valuable competitive advantage over other contractors. We have the highest credit rating of any publicly traded company in our industry, which helps to ensure cost-effective access to both the letters of credit and performance bonds that are critical to our success. Our cashflow was positive for 2006 and we finished the year with $976 million in cash. Keeping with our goal of providing long-term shareholder value, the Board raised the quarterly cash dividend this past
year to 20 cents per share. This equates to about 27 percent of earnings and represents the highest payout in our industry group.
As you can see, our future is bright. While this encouraging outlook is due in large part to global capital growth, it is also the result of Fluor’s many strengths and enterprising culture. For example, the average tenure of a Fluor employee is more than a decade, while the typical term of an employee in our industry is just six years. Why? As one who has dedicated my professional career to this company, I can identify two primary factors that make Fluor special.
First, the opportunity to work with widely diverse industries on the world’s most technically challenging and complex projects

Fluor Corporation 2006 Annual Report 3
                                                                                                                                                                                                             and industrial plant sites — and to do so in all corners of the globe — attracts professionals with a passion for the engineering, construction and maintenance business. No other company in our industry offers so many unique and exciting career opportunities.
Second, our employees take great pride in the fact that Fluor is dedicated to improving the world in which we live. The services we provide are critical building blocks for creating economic growth and raising living standards in both industrialized and developing economies. Our employees are experts in advising clients how
to operate their facilities most efficiently while avoiding adverse environmental impacts. We practice sustainable development in all aspects of engineering, procurement, construction, operations and maintenance. This is very appealing to highly motivated professionals who seek to make a difference in our world.
As a result, our employees are unmatched in their expertise, experience and commitment to get the job done, no matter the obstacles. I invite you to read specific examples in the pages that follow of how our employees are making a difference.
Our employees also take pride in being part of a company with world-class standards and principles. For example, Fluor continues its fight against the corruption and bribery that undermine fair competition, hamper economic investment and deprive poor nations of the resources they need to grow and prosper. Through our involvement in the World Economic Forum, we have led the implementation of a zero-tolerance anticorruption program to which more than 120 companies from multiple industries and global locations have committed their support. Equally important, our employees continue to demonstrate their dedication to philanthropy and volunteerism at locations around the world, leading to the investment of more than $115 million and tens of thousands of volunteer hours in an effort to improve communities. Our employees are dedicated to making a critical contribution to society, and their hard work makes Fluor one of the world’s most admired engineering and construction companies.
As we look ahead to 2007, I could not be more confident about our prospects and potential. Fluor’s key strengths — a strong
global presence, a diverse array of industries served, our ability to rapidly shift resources to meet any client need, the use of the most advanced technologies and financial strength that is second to none — clearly separate us from our principal competitors. With our company becoming stronger every day and our markets thriving, this is truly an exciting time for Fluor.
Finally, I wish to extend my sincere appreciation to everyone involved in our success. This includes our Board of Directors, whose knowledge of our business and perspective on global market opportunities add significant value to our operations, our employees, whose tireless contributions and outstanding achievements are directly responsible for Fluor’s success, and our many clients and shareholders, whose trust, confidence and support we value. I am proud to be CEO of this great company — a company that delivers superior projects, services and results.
Alan L. Boeckmann
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2007
         