David T. Seaton

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Integrated Solutions
Creating A STABLE, DIVERSIFIED
AND STRONG FUTURE.

4

F L U O R C O R P O R AT I O N

To Our Valued Shareholders

During 2014, Fluor made marked changes that focused and strengthened the company's ability to serve our clients. We took the next steps on a deliberate and purposeful path to provide integrated solutions to their project needs and to assure capital efficiency and certainty ­ two critical drivers for their financial success. As a result, we are fully committed to a strategic direction that increasingly moves our company from an engineering, procurement, construction and maintenance company toward an integrated solutions provider.
COMPETITIVENESS
While essential for our company's future competitiveness, driving capital efficiency is an imperative for serving client needs, especially during challenging economic conditions. Current lower oil prices, and the correspondingly heightened need for capital efficiency, further validate the strategic actions we have taken over the past several years to sharply improve our competitiveness by providing exceptional, cost-effective client solutions. We continued the progress begun in prior years to improve Fluor's profitability through growth in fabrication and directhire construction, and making significant improvements in procurement and supply chain capabilities across the company. These actions continue to provide advantages for our clients and create profitable growth and value for Fluor shareholders.

ONE FLUOR

LEADERS, PEOPLE, VALUES AND CULTURE

Our One Fluor business model brings the total power and innovation of Fluor to our clients. We understand and identify our clients' unique project challenges, and create integrated solutions by leveraging Fluor's total capabilities to solve their problems. Executing our One Fluor business model has solidified our client relationships and positioned us well to win more work. During 2014, our business lines became directly market facing. With this new alignment, we increased accountability at the business level and set an expectation that the speed of access between decision makers and our businesses would significantly improve. Our competitiveness and profitability throughout 2014 reflected the benefits of these actions.

Our company's success begins with leadership. We have a history and tradition of conducting our business with skilled and capable leaders ­ Fluor leaders. We are committed to building leaders of the future, a Fluor tradition that is recognized and highly valued. During 2014, we aggressively aligned the talent and capabilities of our employees across the company with opportunities to create and improve value for all Fluor stakeholders. This process yielded a highly motivated workforce that is focused on project execution and client service excellence. Clients across the globe rely on Fluor. They see the power and potential of our company through our people. In 2014, we were named to the North America list of Aon Hewitt Top Companies

2 014 A N N UA L R E P O R T

5

Our One Fluor business model brings the total power and innovation of Fluor to our clients. We understand and identify our clients' unique project challenges and create integrated solutions by leveraging Fluor's total capabilities

6

F L U O R C O R P O R AT I O N

to solve their problems. Executing our One Fluor business model has solidified our client relationships and positioned us well to win more work.
-- DAVID T. SEATON

2 014 A N N UA L R E P O R T

7

2 012

2.71

2 012

2.6

2 013

4.06

2 013

2.7

2 0 1 4*

4.48

2 014

2.4

EARNINGS PER SHARE
(D o lla rs)
* E xclud es $1 . 2 8 lo s s f ro m d is c o n tin ued o pera tio n s .

CASH & MARKETABLE SECURITIES
(Do l l ars i n B i l l i o n s )

for Leaders, a select group of organizations that excel at building and growing a strong leadership environment. As one of only two companies from the engineering and construction industry recognized, this achievement validates Fluor's commitment to maintaining and developing a strong and effective talent and leadership pipeline to drive success ­ and to provide a competitive advantage. The strength of any enterprise can be measured by its performance and commitment to core beliefs and values. Fluor is no exception, conducting its activities within four key values ­ safety, integrity, teamwork and excellence. Each serves as a critical component of the fabric of our company and shapes our decisions and actions on a daily basis. During 2014, our core value of safety was challenged when we lost nine of our Fluor colleagues in three separate industrial incidents. This is particularly unfortunate given the deep commitment we have to provide a safe workforce for our employees and subcontractors. Fluor leaders and employees addressed the safety challenges we faced from these incidents, strengthening our commitment to safe work practices and to safety as a core value of our company.

Fluor's revenue was $21.5 billion, down from $27.4 billion the year before, driven primarily by a reduction in mining and metals activity. Backlog at year-end stands at a healthy $42.5 billion. Fluor's balance sheet remains very strong, with $2.4 billion in cash and marketable securities at year end. During the year we returned over $1 billion to shareholders by repurchasing $906 million of Fluor shares and distributing $126 million in dividends. As part of our share repurchase program, we plan on repurchasing another $500 million during 2015.

STRATEGIC GROWTH AND MARKET EXPANSION
Year-end backlog was $42.5 billion, driven by an increase in Oil & Gas segment backlog of $28.4 billion. We are well positioned to continue to win and execute projects anywhere in the world. At the end of 2014, Fluor's backlog was 34 percent domestic, with 66 percent outside the United States.

New project awards during the year continued to showcase Fluor's competitive strengths, global reach and resiliency. Fluor, in partnership with JGC, was selected by Chevron Canada Limited to provide engineering, procurement and construction for the Kitimat Liquified Natural Gas (LNG) project in Bish Cove, British Columbia, Canada. This important project announced Fluor's entry into the LNG market ­ a future profitable growth driver for Fluor. Additional awards in the energy sector included a contract with Fort Hills Energy L.P. to provide the utilities scope of the Fort Hills oil sands mining project in Alberta, Canada; this includes engineering, procurement, fabrication and construction services estimated at $1.3 billion.

FINANCIAL STRENGTH

Fluor's financial results for 2014 show the progress we have made in providing increased value to our clients and shareholders. New awards increased to $28.8 billion with net earnings attributable to Fluor from continuing operations of $715 million, providing shareholders a record $4.48 per diluted share. Our Oil & Gas business led the way, improving profitable growth compared to 2013.

8

F L U O R C O R P O R AT I O N

2 012

27.1

2 012

38.2

2 013

25.1

2 013

34.9

2 014

28.8

2 014

42.5

CONSOLIDATED NEW AWARDS
( Dolla r s i n Bi l l i ons)

CONSOLIDATED BACKLOG
( Dolla rs in Billion s )

Fluor, in partnership with Technip, was awarded a contract to provide Sasol with the detailed design, procurement and construction of its world-class ethane cracker and derivatives complex in Westlake, Louisiana, and an engineering, procurement and construction management contract for the PETRONAS Refinery and Petrochemical Integrated Development (RAPID) project located in Pengerang, Johor, Malaysia. Public-private partnerships continue to be an important means of financing vital infrastructure projects in the public sector. During 2014, a Fluor consortium was selected to design, build, manage, maintain and fund the A9 Motorway between Diemen and Holendrecht in the Netherlands. Our company also benefited from continuing growth in government services not only in the United States, but also in Africa and the United Kingdom. In the United States, we won contracts from the U.S. Department of Energy for operation of the nation's Strategic Petroleum Reserve, and also for the next phase of cleanup at the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant in Paducah, Kentucky. We also expanded our services to the U.S. Army in Africa under the company's existing Logistics Civil Augmentation Program (LOGCAP) Task Order. Fluor is improving airport runways and building housing camps and Ebola treatment centers. And finally, the United Kingdom Nuclear Decommissioning Authority selected the Cavendish-Fluor partnership to take ownership of Magnox Ltd. and Research Sites Restoration Limited ­ the site company responsible for decommissioning 12 U.K. nuclear sites.

LOOKING AHEAD

Today I am proud of the actions taken by Fluor leaders and employees over the past several years to manage our projects with excellence, to be cost-competitive, to serve the needs of our clients, and to grow the strength and resilience of our workforce. Each of these actions has reinforced our reputation in the industry and positioned Fluor to be the competitive choice of our clients. Fluor understands their needs for capital efficiency and will execute our work to ensure quality, cost and schedule certainty. I am excited about our future, and we look forward to exceeding the expectations of our clients and investors.

DAV I D T. S E AT O N
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Fluor Corporation March 5, 2015

2 014 A N N UA L R E P O R T

9

