To Our Shareholders and Employees: We are pleased to report that we have completed the restatement of our financial results for 2000 through the first quarter of 2004 and filed our 2004 Form 10-K Annual Report with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The successful work completed by our organization, while intricate and time-consuming, makes us a stronger company and will help us achieve our objective of taking Flowserve to the next level of success. While the restatement efforts took longer than anticipated, we were committed to thoroughness to ensure that our financial reports are complete and accurate. As described in the following pages of this annual report, the restatement resulted in a $35.9 million cumulative net reduction to net income in the periods restated, of which $13.7 million related to periods prior to January 1, 2002. The net reduction in earnings per share was 20 cents and 16 cents in 2002 and 2003, respectively. Our restatement work encompassed detailed and complex analysis across a broad spectrum of financial areas, including inventory valuation, intercompany accounts, foreign currency accounting, deferred income taxes, and many others. While we spent significant resources on this restatement, it was the right thing to do to make Flowserve a better company. We are confident that the depth and breadth of our activities will make us a stronger organization in the future. A detailed analysis of the results of our restatement work is contained in this annual report. Our new leadership team, assembled over the past two years, has not only helped us navigate the recent challenges, but has also continued to strategically focus on what Flowserve can become in the future. This, coupled with the exceptional market opportunities that are in front of us, truly create a strong foundation on which to build. One critical area of focus is compliance and internal controls. Our leadership team is driving this key initiative across our entire organization to help ensure that our controls and procedures are effective and sufficiently strong to fully support Flowserve and our future growth. This will reinforce our culture of ethics, integrity and trust. We are pleased with the work we have done to strengthen our internal controls, though we realize that we have more work ahead. Since Flowserve's last annual report, our markets have significantly strengthened in essentially all areas of our business. This provides outstanding opportunities for profitable growth. In addition, our planned expansion into new markets such as China and our continuing initiative to seek low-cost sourcing in Eastern Europe and Asia, make us optimistic that we can achieve our growth and profitability targets in coming years. Operational excellence continues to be a major part of our philosophy and will play a key role in Flowserve achieving these targets. Our business units have made great strides toward setting challenging, yet achievable, operating goals and surpassing expectations. We have demonstrated marked improvements in low-cost sourcing, establishing reverse auctions for the cost-effective procurement of materials, cycle-time reduction, on-time delivery, warranty cost reduction, inventory turnover and continuous improvement processes. Our pursuit of operational excellence is ongoing. Another significant milestone for Flowserve was our successful completion of the $1 billion refinancing of our debt structure in August 2005. This refinancing is important for a number of reasons. First, it will save Flowserve more than $20 million in annual interest expense. Second, it significantly enhances our flexibility to run our business, grow our margins and return value directly to our shareholders. For example, we now have significantly expanded ability to pay dividends, buy back our stock, make small acquisitions, increase capital expenditures and make other investments in our businesses. And third, we view this refinancing as an early vote of confidence from our lenders, since it was completed prior to completion of our 2004 audit and restatement. We feel this demonstrates our lenders' faith in the strength, performance, direction and leadership of our company. Our outlook is positive and strong. We firmly believe that the accumulation of all of the positive internal and external factors benefiting Flowserve, combined with our broad offering of world-class flow control products, create a strong engine to drive our strategies, generate improving financial results and build new value for our shareholders. As we move from a product-based to a solutions-driven company, our organization is aligned around our strategies of organic growth, globalization, process excellence, portfolio management, organizational capability and technology innovation. The Flowserve vision is to distinguish ourselves by profitably delivering integrated flow management solutions to our customers as a global, unified and customer-centric business. This will help us effectively serve our existing markets, enter new ones, and maintain our leadership position in the industry. Our unique and unequalled portfolio of products and services, the talent, innovation and expertise of our global employee base, and strong foreseeable market conditions and opportunities give us confidence that Flowserve's strongest days are ahead of us.

Kevin E. Sheehan
Chairman of the Board

Lewis M. Kling
President and Chief Executive Officer

