 2004 annual report
A Message to Our Shareholders
 As we discussed in last year’s letter, 2004 was expected to be a year of recovery for the Company, and it was. In fact, our performance was much stronger than we anticipated, and, as a result, we made significant progress on the financial goals that we set for the Company. Specifically:
• Earnings per share before restructuring and other income and charges grew 68 percent;
• Net debt was reduced by $155 million, or cumulatively over $200 million since 2002 versus our target of $300 million by the end of 2006; and
• Return on invested capital† reached 10.5 percent versus a minimum target of 12 percent by 2006.
For the year, revenue of $2,051.2 million grew a healthy 7 percent driven by favorable market conditions in Agricultural Products, steady organic growth in Specialty Chemicals and the beginning of a cyclical recovery in Industrial Chemicals. Segment operating profit of $271.2 million increased significantly versus 2003 driven by higher sales, improved product mix and lower costs in Agricultural Products and the benefit of a comprehensive restructuring at the Astaris joint venture. Earnings before restructuring and other income and charges† of $119.8 million rose 77 percent, due to higher operating profit and lower interest expense.
The stock market recognized the strength of our performance, providing an outstanding total return to shareholders of 41.5 percent for calendar year 2004.
Our 2004 results have put us well down the path of our strategic objectives to realize significant operating leverage in our portfolio, create greater financial flexibility and focus the portfolio on growth.
William G. Walter, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Significant Operating Leverage
Going forward, we expect the recovery in selling prices in Industrial Chemicals and the significant operating leverage that will result to be the largest driver of value creation in the near term.
Industrial Chemicals is now experiencing tight and, in some cases, sold-out supply across nearly every business. We foresee this phenomenon lasting for several years, as the outlook for demand growth remains positive and there are no plans on the horizon for significant new capacity in any of our major product lines. In the case of soda ash, we are restarting a small increment of our mothballed capacity in order to meet the strong growth expected in export markets.
We believe the benefit of higher selling prices in soda ash, hydrogen peroxide and phosphorus chemicals will be the primary driver for our expectation of double-digit growth in earnings over the next several years.
Greater Financial Flexibility
A second driver of value creation near term will be the increased financial flexibility and lower interest expense that balance sheet deleveraging will bring. Thanks to higher earnings, flat capital spending and the substantial decline in unusual demands on our cash flow, we were able to reduce net debt by $155 million in 2004 and expect further significant debt reduction in 2005.
In addition, we put in place a new $600 million credit facility late in 2004 that has eliminated the need for restricted cash and lowered our overall interest rates. Lastly, Moody’s has raised our outlook to positive, an encouraging sign that we are doing the right things to regain a full investment grade credit rating.
 MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS 1

fmc corporation
   $200 $150 $100
$50 0
$(50)
Net Debt Reduction
$(2.7)
2002 2003 2004
   $46.5
$155.2
     $3.50 $3.00 $2.50 $2.00 $1.50 $1.00 $0.50
0.0
Earnings Per Share*
2002 2003 2004
    $3.20
    $2.55
   $1.90
         * Earnings before restructuring and other income and charges
     Focus on Growth
In the longer term, our ability to continue to deliver value to our shareholders will be driven by the success of our efforts to transform FMC into a faster growing company. Our plan is to build upon our core franchises in the pharmaceutical, food ingredient, energy storage and insecticide markets that exist within the Specialty Chemicals and Agricultural Products segments.
Internal development will remain an essential pillar of our future growth.
In Agricultural Products, we expect our robust pipeline of insect-active chemistries to result in the development of several new compounds over the next decade, each capable of generating significant sales at maturity.
Within Specialty Chemicals, our
BioPolymer business continues to
develop new pharmaceutical
delivery systems, such as the
promising NROBETM technology,
and is working closely with top
global food companies in the
development of new health and convenience foods. Lithium developments in the energy storage market have been shaped by the rapid growth in global demand for hand-held electronic devices and new military applications.
Increasingly, we expect external development to become an important component of our growth. Acquisitions, in- licensing and equity ventures are all strategic options for us
to enhance our technology offering, broaden our market access and extend our geographic footprint in our core franchises.
Recently, in Agricultural Products, in-licensing has become an integral part of our strategy to gain scale and access in certain end-markets and geographies. In addition to the agreement we have with Ishihara Sangyo Kaisha, Ltd.
(“ISK”) for the rights to develop and market flonicamid in the Americas, we completed similar agreements late in 2004 with ISK for rights to a novel fungicide and with Nippon Soda Co. Ltd. for rights to the insecticide acetamiprid within the U.S. termite and general household pest markets. Collectively, these three compounds are expected to result in significant sales over the next several years.
In Specialty Chemicals, we will look for acquisitions to supplement our growth initiatives in both food ingredients and pharmaceuticals. Though most targets will be small technology bolt-ons, we will also evaluate more significant
acquisitions capable of creating a step-change in our market presence. In any acquisition we pursue, we will be mindful of the need for continued value creation for our shareholders. Specifically, an acquisition target would need to complement one of our existing franchises, have substantial synergies and be accretive to earnings.
 “Our sights remain fixed on generating strong, double-digit growth in earnings, creating greater financial flexibility and improving returns through profitable growth.”
2 MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Dollars in Millions

2004 annual report
   50.0% 40.0% 30.0% 20.0% 10.0%
0.0% -10.0% -20.0%
Total Shareholder Return
2002 2003 2004
       24.9%
41.5%
     -14.7%
   12.0% 10.0% 8.0% 6.0% 4.0% 2.0% 0.0%
Return on Invested Capital
2002 2003 2004
       10.0%
10.5%
   8.4%
         Outlook
Our sights remain fixed on generating strong, double-digit growth in earnings, creating greater financial flexibility and improving returns through profitable growth. Our outlook for 2005 is bullish:
• We anticipate continued double-digit growth in earnings driven by improved selling prices in Industrial Chemicals and lower interest expense.
• We expect to achieve our target net debt levels of $600 million by the end of 2005, one full year ahead of our previous expectations.
• We plan on an improved return on invested capital in 2005 and remain on target to generate at least a 12 percent return on invested capital in 2006.
• We will continue to invest in our growth platforms in Specialty Chemicals and Agricultural Products, positioning the Company for continued value creation over the longer term.
In Conclusion
The turn in financial performance in 2004 has been a long time in the making and would not have been possible without the hard work of our employees to develop winning strategies, execute on these strategies flawlessly and remain patient as we awaited an improvement in the macro environment. Many of our employees also worked tirelessly to ensure FMC’s compliance with the provisions of Sarbanes Oxley Section 404. We thank all employees for their outstanding efforts.
† See page 11 for additional information.
We also thank our Board of Directors for their commitment of time and dedication to guiding FMC through often- difficult decisions. We are fortunate to be governed by a very talented and diverse board of independent directors, one that has enabled FMC to rank in the upper quartile versus its peers in corporate governance ratings.
Finally, we thank our long-time shareholders for their perseverance through the tough times, and welcome all newcomers to FMC. We all stand to benefit in the coming years from FMC’s continuing objective of delivering value.
William G. Walter Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2005
 MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS 3
