                  Dear Fellow Stockholder,
 Rupert Murdoch, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, 21st Century Fox
This past June, 21st Century Fox came into being as a separate public company, launching a new era for a group of entertainment and news entities that have time and again proven to be among the most creative, innovative and successful in the world.
Today I write to you as the Chairman and CEO of this new company, which is so full of promise and which represents a great opportunity for those in the investment community who recognize our potential for growth and appreciate our vision.
As you know, this new status as a distinct public company – with its own identity, strategy, growth and capital plan – allows 21st Century Fox to focus more tightly on building value for you, our shareholders.
We are driven by a rich history and a clear corporate vision, based upon an opportunistic, entrepreneurial spirit; focused, bold initiatives; original thinking; smart allocation of capital; the embracing of new platforms and technologies; and a faith in talent, innovative leadership and independence throughout our organization.
We strive every day to foster a culture that exudes energy and excitement. Agility and decisiveness are characteristics that enable us to be opportunistic and
move ahead of our peers. This unique culture allows us to attract and keep the best leaders and talent because it provides opportunities to grow and take on new challenges. That spirit will remain a cornerstone for us, to the benefit of our viewers, colleagues and investors.
Shareholders of 21st Century Fox will see value driven by a commitment to bring consumers across the globe the very best stories in film and television, the greatest moments in sports, unrivaled TV news coverage, and
an array of satellite products and services that deliver the world like never before. Our potential to expand our franchises outside the U.S. is limitless, and, with many international markets still in their infancy, largely untapped.
It is through this lens – dynamic content, global reach and entrepreneurial culture – that we view both the foundation and future of 21st Century Fox. While I’m not one to look back, the past 12 months have made me especially proud. At the same time, our prospects for the next 12 months and beyond are as bright as ever.
The following review of our cable business, sports programming, broadcast network, film and television assets and satellite services is a snapshot of the strong foundation we have built over the years, which will serve us well as we focus on the opportunities that lie ahead.
Business Segment Overview
The outstanding performance of our cable channels business has proved to be the backbone of our financial results, and its success continued this past year. In fiscal year 2013, the Cable Network Programming segment surpassed $10 billion in revenue for the first time in our history, and in many ways we feel like the business is just getting started. We also grew this segment’s operating income before depreciation and amortization (OIBDA) by more than $600 million this past year, driven mainly by higher fees from cable and satellite television operators in the U.S. and around the world. Fees for international affiliates saw a 35% uptick.

                In February, we reached a landmark agreement with Comcast, which will prove to be a significant step forward in the evolution of partnerships between programmers and pay TV providers. It’s more than a carriage agreement, it’s
a true partnership that keeps the consumer at the center of our efforts, enabling them to view the content they want, when and how they want it.
Sports programming has always been a central focus for our cable television group, and in fiscal year 2013 we had one of our most active years ever in this space.
In November, we consolidated our ownership of ESPN
distribution and sports rights to create something that we believe will be an enormous growth opportunity for us and our shareholders.
On the entertainment side of our cable group, both FX and National Geographic Channels have had breakout years. In January, FX achieved the highest viewership month in the channel’s history, backed by the premiere of THE AMERICANS and the continued popularity of AMERICAN HORROR STORY and SONS OF ANARCHY. The channel has had so much success over the past several years, that we decided one FX wasn’t
STAR Sports (now operating as Fox Sports Asia), by acquiring from ESPN the 50% we did not already own. This acquisition adds another important asset to our global sports footprint, which now extends from the U.S. to Asia, Europe and Latin America, with leading channels in each region.
Shareholders of 21st Century
Fox will see value driven by a commitment to bring consumers across the globe the very best stories in film and television,
the greatest moments in sports, unrivaled TV news coverage,
and an array of satellite products and services that deliver the world like never before.
enough. A sister channel, FXX, will launch in September, offering both original programming and movies. At National Geographic Channels, we have reinvigorated our program- ming slate with hit events and shows such as BRAIN GAMES and DOOMSDAY PREPPERS.
In 2013, Fox News celebrated
its eleventh consecutive year as America’s most-watched cable news network. Despite its long-standing dominance in the ratings, the
In December, we purchased a 49%
stake in the Yankee Entertainment
and Sports (YES) Network, and have
created a clear path to a controlling
interest in the channel within the
next few years. This deal enabled us to re-enter the New York regional sports market and align ourselves with an important partner – the New York Yankees. We also purchased Sports Time Ohio (STO) in December and cemented a long-term relationship with the Cleveland Indians, which has one of Major League Baseball’s most loyal fan bases. Both deals bolster our fast-growing regional sports network business, which for years has been a driving force behind our cable channels group.
channel continues to push forward, adding fresh new personalities and programming that will ensure it stays on top for many years to come. In addition, Fox Business Network has continued to show signs of growth. While there is still much work to be done, we are very pleased with its development in the business news landscape and look forward to even more success in the future.
While we are just getting started in the national cable sports business, our national sports footprint on the broadcast side in the U.S. has never been stronger. FOX Sports recently renewed its Major League Baseball and NASCAR broadcast rights agreements, and our broadcast network continues to bring American sports fans the very best in baseball, motorsports and, of course, the NFL.
This summer we took our cable sports offering national with the launch of Fox Sports 1, our first national cable sports network. The new network builds on Fox’s powerful connection with sports fans as well as our existing

                  It’s no secret that the FOX broadcast network has had a challenging year, but I have great faith in our ability to
turn the tide over the next 12 months. While comparatively ratings have dipped at some of our longer-running shows, such as AMERICAN IDOL, our network still delivers enormous audiences to the advertising community and we’ve cultivated several new shows in recent years, such as NEW GIRL and THE MINDY PROJECT, that have quickly found loyal audiences. In addition, THE FOLLOWING premiered in January to both critical acclaim and a string of ratings wins. Coupled with our longstanding animated pillars, such as FAMILY GUY, THE SIMPSONS and others, we have the makings of a very bright future in broadcast programming over the next several years.
The creative prowess of our film and television studios has continued to garner them critical acclaim, industry
half of the year, and cementing long-term partnerships, such as a rights deal for Bundesliga soccer. In Italy, the headwinds of that country’s economy have continued to affect Sky Italia’s growth, but we continue to focus on our goal of reducing costs and empowering the business to grow topline revenue – and profits – for the long term. In the U.K., BSkyB continues to thrive, posting its most profitable year ever in 2013 and elevating its total subscriber base to 11.1 million.
The Past is Now Prologue
We consider our performance over the past 12 months as but a prologue to the new era our company is entering. At 21st Century Fox, the status quo will never suffice. We have reimagined our operations in light of our emergence as a separate company and at the same time recommitted
accolades and record viewership
numbers. In the past year alone,
we wowed film audiences with the
enchanting world of Academy Award
winner LIFE OF PI, and we thrilled
them with action-packed hits such
as TAKEN 2 and A GOOD DAY TO DIE HARD. In addition, parents and children alike reveled in another chapter of the ICE AGE franchise, ICE AGE: CONTINENTAL DRIFT. Television audiences were gripped by Fox productions, including Emmy Award winner HOMELAND, and cult favorite THE KILLING. And they once again laughed loudly along with long-time favorites HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER and MODERN FAMILY. In 2013, Filmed Entertainment drove more than $8.6 billion in revenue – an all-time high – and OIBDA of $1.3 billion.
In Europe, our satellite television operations continue to flourish. In January, we raised our stake in Sky Deutschland to 55%, and now consolidate the Company’s earnings. Sky Deutschland has continued to gain momentum, posting back-to-back profitable quarters in the second
ourselves to a familiar heritage – innovation and leadership. The history of our business units is marked everywhere with brash, confident forays against the status quo. In short, we’ve always shaken things up and reaped big benefits for doing so.
Now that history and legacy will live on proudly in 21st Century Fox.
We thank our shareholders for their confidence and commitment and look forward to sharing the 21st century future, which we have embarked upon together.
Regards,
Rupert Murdoch
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 21st Century Fox
Agility and decisiveness are characteristics that enable us to be opportunistic and move ahead of our peers.
 