Chief Executive Officer's Letter

imagine opportunity

F

iscal 2006 was a year of change, challenge and achievement for News Corporation. We accelerated the transformation of our company from a traditional media company into a major digital player. And we did so while maintaining the competitive edge that has made our more established businesses the leaders in their fields. Full year results once again speak for themselves ­ and more loudly than ever. Operating income rose to record levels at nearly all segments of our company, including Direct Broadcast Satellite Television, Cable Network Programming, Television, Filmed Entertainment, Magazines and Inserts, and Book Publishing. Earnings per share from continuing operations rose by 26 percent to 87 cents, its highest level ever.
4 NEWS CORPORATION

I could not be prouder of our accomplishments this past year and over the last several record-breaking years. Yet I am even more impressed by the energy and intelligence with which our employees and senior management have grasped the opportunities of the digital revolution ­ a revolution that holds the promise of changing our world as fundamentally as the Agricultural and Industrial Revolutions. Digital technologies ­ broadband, mobility, storage and wireless ­ play to our company's historical strengths: offering consumers the widest possible array of quality content, delivered in ways they prefer. News Corporation's core mission has always been to provide as many consumers as possible with the highest quality content through the most convenient distribution channels. That was

the strategic imperative behind our entry into the satellite business, and that same imperative now propels us into the digital world. All of the historic constraints inherent in distribution ­ prohibitive entry costs, hard-to-reach locations, sluggish technology ­ are being swept away by digital technology. For the first time in media history, complete access to a truly global audience is within our grasp. No company is better positioned to seize this opportunity than ours. Some boast high traffic but little content. Others have plenty of content but little traffic. Only News Corporation combines high traffic with vast amounts of compelling content. Our situation is unique ­ and powerful. And we are taking advantage of it.

Last year, we acquired MySpace.com, the Internet's most popular social networking site, as well as the gaming and entertainment site IGN.com and several other smaller, but promising, sites. We launched Fox Interactive Media to oversee these new businesses, to build up our existing web presence and to improve coordination and synergy across all of the company's websites and digital media efforts. As a result, in the space of one year, our company has begun to rival and, in some cases, surpass the Internet elite. FIM sites now rank second in total page views and fifth in unique visitors in the U.S. and reach more than 100 million people per month worldwide. In addition, traffic is up dramatically at most of our pre-existing sites, such as those from our newspapers, cable networks and local TV stations.
ANNUAL REPORT

5

Now that we have the traffic, we are thinking creatively and aggressively about how to translate that traffic into rising profits. Revenues from MySpace alone have nearly doubled every four months over the past year. And others are noticing. Earlier this summer, after the fiscal year-end, we announced a landmark deal with Google to provide search functionality to most of our Internet sites ­ most importantly MySpace. Google will also become the exclusive text-based advertising provider and has the right of first refusal on all remnant display advertising. With at least $900 million committed to us over four years, this agreement more than pays for the MySpace acquisition. More importantly, it allies us with one of the great companies of the digital age, while signifying our ability to monetize our traffic in ways that make sense for our audience. This deal is but one way we are generating revenues from our Internet businesses. In just the past few months, we have sharply increased the number and quality of FORTUNE 100 companies

As the most innovative and fearless media company in the world today, we can devise a model that delivers a first class digital experience for our customers and significant revenue for our company.
buying display ads on our sites, thereby reaping the rewards of higher ad rates. As we focus on growing revenues, we are also intent on improving the user experience for our 120 million-plus users worldwide. MySpace's offerings have expanded more in the past three months than in the previous four years since its creation. We've added streaming video, special comedy clips, free classified ads and instant messaging. In a major deal with Burger King, we made available on MySpace episodes of hit shows like 24. MySpace is a major driver of traffic to the so-called "Internet 2.0" sites ­ picture-hosting sites like Photobucket and video repositories like YouTube. There is no reason why we can't replicate that functionality and retain that traffic ­ and its attendant revenue. There is more to this revolution than just the Internet, however. The broader term "digital" better captures the scope of the tremendous change and tremendous possibilities that lie ahead. No less important than online media are mobility and storage, and we are active on both these fronts. Earlier this year we launched Mobizzo, a website that makes available digital content for cell phones and other mobile devices. This is a first for any major media company, and it follows the success of our introduction of the "mobisode,"
6 NEWS CORPORATION

a short, downloadable show based on popular characters and franchises. We are making available music, art, games, video clips and other content ­ much of it based on popular Fox brands such as Family Guy, American Dad, Napoleon Dynamite and Ice Age ­ that can be purchased and downloaded directly to a mobile device. With respect to storage, we have made some exciting new deals and introduced some innovative new products. We completed an agreement with Apple to make television content from FOX, FX, SPEED, FUEL TV and the Twentieth Century Fox Television library available at the iTunes Music Store. Customers can purchase and download our content onto their computers or iPods. The precise business model for sustained profitability from our digital investments is still uncertain at this point. Consequently, in some ways, we are embarking on a period of trial and error. But we are confident that, as the most innovative and fearless media company in the world today, we can devise a model that delivers a first class digital experience for our customers and significant revenues for our company. To the casual observer, News Corporation's entry into digital media may seem to be a departure from our past business models and practices. But in truth there is fundamental continuity to our approach. We have always sought new markets and new avenues for distribution. Our company launched Australia's first national paper and America's first new television network in 40 years. We helped pioneer the TV DVD market. We upended a decade-and-a-half of received wisdom about what works in the cable news market. Now we are bringing that same innovative, entrepreneurial spirit to the Internet. We have always grown this company by intelligently managing a mix of businesses in various stages of growth and development. Established businesses produce modest growth yet sizable ­ and reliable ­ cash flows. Businesses in the middle stage are the primary growth drivers of the company, delivering strong profit growth. And our youngest efforts are being nurtured and developed by the cash generated by our mature businesses, to allow them to find their footing and realize their potential as the company's future growth drivers. The importance of our so-called traditional media businesses cannot be overstated however ­ both as solid performers for our company and as sources of cash flow to build up our next generation of properties. And on both scores, our established businesses performed spectacularly this past year. Record operating income at our Filmed Entertainment segment was driven by four factors. First, Fox scored some genuine mega-hits at this year's box office. Ice Age: The Meltdown has, to date, grossed nearly $650 million worldwide. X-Men: The Last Stand scored the strongest Memorial Day opening in box office history and is now

approaching $450 million in worldwide gross. The Devil Wears Prada ­ a great example of counter-programming ­ has so far returned $100 million on a relatively small investment. Last summer's Fantastic Four ­ our newest franchise ­ did another $330 million at the worldwide box office. And Walk the Line was a critical and commercial success, winning three Golden Globes and an Oscar and earning nearly $200 million on a low production cost. Second, home entertainment performance of recent films remained robust. Robots, Hide and Seek, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith, and also some of the films mentioned above sold well in both the DVD and pay-television markets. In addition, some of our most successful titles from prior years continue to sell strongly, notably Sideways, Napoleon Dynamite, Alien v. Predator and I, Robot. Third, Twentieth Century Fox Television remains one of the largest and most successful producers of primetime TV in the business. We launched three new hit shows: NBC's My Name is Earl, the number one new comedy of the season, and FOX's Prison Break and CBS's The Unit, this season's top two new dramas. And lastly, home entertainment sales for our TV content continued to grow, led by strong sales of The Simpsons, Family Guy and 24. Broadcast television needed a big year to top last year's record shattering ratings performance ­ and it delivered. For the second year in a row, the FOX network won the ratings race among 18-49 year olds. Once again, American Idol led the way, but once again, FOX showed real depth across a range of programming. Idol shattered precedent and expectation, growing its audience by 10 percent in its fifth year on the air. This cultural phenomenon has the legs to last many more years, and the brand strength to launch many more shows on its popularity. And it has already helped launch two big hits. 24, now in its fifth year, posted its best ever performance. And House, last year's welcome surprise, became this year's genuine hit, winning its time slot for the season. In the coming seasons, FOX will remain the premier sports network on U.S. television. We renewed our contracts with Major League Baseball, NFL football and NASCAR all at attractive rates ­ and, in the case of baseball, at a lower annual cost than the previous deal. We also inked a new deal to broadcast the college football Bowl Championship Series. Sporting events are ­ along with live news ­ as close to DVR-proof as programming gets. And the enormous ratings of the World Series and the BCS offer unmatched promotional opportunities for our network lineup. Our owned-and-operated stations group ­ comprising 35 stations in the U.S. ­ logged record market share in the 4th quarter on the strength of network ratings and the popularity of local news. Yet we also moved aggressively to keep ahead of the demands of the market and improve their performance in future years. We worked with station

managers to launch new websites and are leveraging those sites to promote films and network shows by making clips available for download by their viewers. We're improving local news coverage by helping local newsgathering teams introduce proven techniques pioneered by FOX News. And we've worked to build up a stronger lineup of syndicated programming. In Asia, STAR saw operating income and revenues rise on the strength of advertising sales and subscriber growth. In India, enhanced weekend programming at STAR PLUS and new programming launched at STAR ONE boosted ratings. And shortly after the end of the fiscal year, we invested in the launch of a new direct-to-home satellite service called Tata Sky that will capitalize on the rapidly rising middle class in that country.

Our Cable Network Programming segment continued to grow at a torrid pace, solidifying its position as one of the principal growth drivers of our company.
One of the most interesting developments for our broadcast television business this year was the announcement that our 10 non-FOX affiliated stations will get a new face this fall as we launch MyNetworkTV. Formed quickly in the wake of the WB/UPN merger, MyNetworkTV will bring the "telenovela," the most popular television format in the world, to the U.S. for the first time. Produced by Twentieth Television, MyNetworkTV`s original new shows will run six nights per week in 13-week seasons without repeats. Our owned-and-operated stations formerly part of the UPN network reach nearly a quarter of the U.S. market. To reach the other 75 percent, we have affiliated with an additional 157 stations. Our Cable Network Programming segment continued to grow at a torrid pace, solidifying its position as one of the principal growth drivers of our company. The success of these businesses is emblematic of our broader strategy. The elements are simple to understand, if not always easy to implement. First, be willing to ignore or even take on conventional wisdom. Second, invest wisely and early in a new business. Third, be patient as the new effort finds its footing. Fourth, enjoy the growth and profitability as the business matures, but always be thinking about and building the next generation of new channel offerings. Our cable businesses are today where we hope and expect our Internet businesses to be in the near future. The FOX News Channel set another record for operating income and revenue growth, and has now held the number one position in cable news for 18 straight quarters. High ratings have driven up
ANNUAL REPORT

7

advertising revenues and the expiration ­ beginning this October ­ of our early deals with cable and satellite providers will shortly allow us to renew our carriage agreements at substantially higher rates. Meanwhile, FX's mix of original programming, compelling syndicated content and first-rate theatrical films continue to lead the entertainment cable market among 18-49 year olds. It is now one of the top five basic cable channels in the U.S., driven by hits like Rescue Me, The Shield, and Nip/Tuck. Spanning 49 of the country's top 50 media markets, Fox Sports Networks' 21 owned-or-affiliated regional sports networks today reach more than 85 million homes and continue to thrive on the strength of original local programming, established national shows and strong team and community relationships. With the acquisition of Turner South earlier this year, FSN added 8 million subscribers in six U.S. states. Even within this segment, our threefold strategy applies. If FX, Fox Sports and FOX News are the established businesses, then SPEED and the National Geographic Channel are the next generation ­ except, in this case, the next generation is already profitable and growing robustly. Our third generation of channels ­ Fox Reality, FUEL TV, Fox Soccer Channel and Fox Sports en Español ­ are being built into the growth drivers of the future.

SKY Italia was profitable for the first time last year and is now our company's fastest growing asset.
Turning to our satellite platforms, SKY Italia was profitable for the first time last year and is now our company's fastest growing asset. Its broad appeal and wide channel offerings have pushed subscriber levels to more than 3.8 million with the lowest churn ­ below 10 percent ­ compared to DIRECTV and BSkyB. In fact, the subscriber base has grown every quarter since the service's launch, and the Italian market ­ with high rates of TV viewership yet the lowest percentage of pay TV penetration in Europe ­ holds huge potential for future growth. Because a large share of the costs are already fixed, nearly all of this growth will translate directly into profits which we conservatively estimate will reach into the hundreds of millions in coming years. At DIRECTV, revenues grew by 15 percent, driven by higher revenues per subscriber and nearly 850,000 net new subscribers. The company is introducing new exclusive content that will further differentiate this service from its cable rivals. DIRECTV greatly expanded it's flagship NFL SUNDAY TICKET package and launched the new music show CD USA. Even more exciting, DIRECTV

signed a deal with Fox to offer FOX network and FX original content on demand ­ and, in an industry first, in some cases before the shows air. Set to launch next year, this is yet another exciting option customers can't get through conventional cable. BSkyB, meanwhile, has topped 8 million subscribers and is aggressively branching out into new services. The company turned competitors' heads this year by announcing that it will begin offering free broadband to its customers. And DIRECTV is looking to follow suit, first with broadband video service 2,000-titles strong and later with a full broadband offering for all customers. Our print businesses ­ the historic heart of this company ­ continue to deliver value for our company and shareholders. I have argued that it is much too soon to pronounce the death of print media. Yet real challenges lie ahead. Traditional sources of income like classified advertising are under attack. More ominously, although circulation remains strong at most of our properties, it is declining throughout the industry and survey after survey shows that newspapers are less integral to people's lives with each passing year. Younger consumers prefer alternative means of getting the news, such as reading the online versions of newspapers for free. Yet the hunger for news and information ­ for content ­ is not fading. It is intensifying. And as a content provider, we are well positioned to capitalize on that hunger, provided we are smart about reaching younger consumers in the ways they prefer to be reached. Right now our print businesses have more total readers than they ever have, thanks to the Internet. All of this is to say that, while in a certain sense our digital and Internet efforts are specific and part of a defined segment of our company, in the broader sense our effort to redefine this company for the digital age is being and must be applied to every segment. This year's results at the Newspaper segment were mixed. A soft advertising market and investments in new color printing plants in the U.K. combined to cause a decrease in operating income overall. Yet revenues increased ­ particularly at The Sun, The Times and The Sunday Times ­ and our papers still generate enormous cash flow for our company. The Times of London launched an American edition, on sale in the New York metropolitan area and soon to expand elsewhere, furthering its international reach and influence. In Australia, operating income was up on strong advertising sales and higher circulation revenues as a result of our acquisition of QPL. HarperCollins' income rose on the success of several blockbuster titles, including The Purpose Driven Life, YOU: The Owner's Manual and Freakonomics. And income rose at our Magazines and Inserts segment on increased demand for in-store marketing products.

8 NEWS CORPORATION

Three final points: First, thanks to our improved cash flow and robust balance sheet, we were able to extend and double our stock repurchase program from $3 billion to $6 billion. As the first phase wound down, with more than $2.6 billion repurchased, it became clear to the Board that our stock is still significantly undervalued and thus a terrific investment. The extension of this program represents our fundamental confidence in the strength and strategic direction of this company. Second, I am pleased to announce two new additions to the News Corporation Board of Directors. José María Aznar, as the President of Spain, enacted a bold array of reforms that catapulted the Spanish economy to the forefront of Europe. His courage as a leader in the war on terror and the effort to liberate Iraq made him one of Europe's great statesmen in this new century. Any company would be lucky to have him. Our company, with its global interests and global reach, can surely benefit from his expertise and counsel. As U.S. Secretary of Education, Rod Paige presided over the development and implementation of the No Child Left Behind Act, the most significant federal education reform in a generation. As Superintendent of the Houston, Texas schools, he put in place tough standards and insisted on system-wide accountability. In both jobs he had the pleasure of seeing his efforts bear fruit as test scores rose and student achievement climbed. His skill as a manager will make his counsel invaluable, and his deep knowledge of education will be an asset for a company whose lifeblood is the literacy of its consumers. Finally, I was proud and pleased to preside over our company's first major management conference in eight years. "Imagining the Future,"

held in Pebble Beach, California, was a success in every way. We asked for and received bold new ideas from some of the world's most insightful individuals. We heard from political leaders such as Bill Clinton, Tony Blair, Shimon Peres, John McCain, Al Gore and Newt Gingrich; technology innovators including Craig Venter and Vinod Khosla; entertainers like Bono; and business figures, including Lord John Browne and Terry Semel. They all gave us a lot to think about. More than 250 of our most senior managers left not only refreshed, but challenged and excited about the future of our company. This has been a year of tremendous change for News Corporation ­ one of our most adventurous in recent memory. In the course of 50 years, we have invented and reinvented this company to keep up with ­ and in our best moments, stay ahead of ­ the times. We haven't always calculated correctly and we won't get everything right going forward. But our track record speaks for itself. And our willingness to think big and boldly has built a media company like no other in the world. To some in the traditional media business, these are the most stressful of times. But to us, these are great times ­ the prelude to a new golden age of media. Technology is liberating us from old constraints, lowering key costs, easing access to new customers and markets and multiplying the choices we can offer. For a content company, what could be better?

Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

ANNUAL REPORT

9

