  Dear Fellow Stockholder
Our embrace of the future has always been a hallmark of our company. It powers our ability to continually evolve our business, especially in this time of transformational change. A review of our fiscal 2015 performance reminds us that our capacity to anticipate and prepare for what is to come drives everything we do.
 Rupert Murdoch
Executive Chairman 21st Century Fox
Our creative and operational experience distinguishes most of our businesses, and this past year was no exception. We delivered another year of growth on continued gains in our cable segment and a stellar year for our film business. In addition, we made clear progress on strategic priorities that build on our existing strengths and position us to thrive in an era of expanding consumer choice.
Over the last year we made targeted investments in the content, brands and markets that provide superior growth opportunities for the future. We are focused on global brands, developing clear momentum at our new channels FOX Sports 1, FXX and STAR Sports in India, investing in big sports events, and driving growth opportunities in both mature markets as well as developing economies such as India and Latin America.
We have continued to return capital to our shareholders, and recently announced an additional $5 billion authorization to our share buyback program. Including dividends, this brings our five-year total return of capital to shareholders to approximately $24 billion.
Global demand for high quality video content has never been greater as more people are watching more quality storytelling, live sports and news, and in more ways, than ever before. In an environment of exploding choice for consumers, it is more vital than ever that we engage audiences with experiences that break out and endure.
We are focused on opportunities in the digital streaming space, to which we bring global experience, including Hulu, the fast growing streaming platform, our proprietary channel apps, and the Sky businesses, which operate the largest streaming business
in Europe.
Breakthrough content drives ultimate value for our viewers and advertising partners. Our creative prowess, together with an emphasis on owning our own intellectual property, provide opportunities to monetize our content whenever and wherever it is consumed. And we will continue to steadfastly protect our intellectual property from predation and piracy.
In fiscal 2015, our cable networks business continued to drive our financial performance, delivering another year of double-digit revenue growth on gains in affiliate and advertising revenues. Our demonstrated ability to consistently grow predictable affiliate revenues underpins the durable financial position of our overall business. It also reflects the powerful connection of our global brands with customers around the world.
Sports and news are the very core of our strategy. The appeal of our sports rights across our businesses, from STAR Sports in India to FOX Sports, FOX Sports 1, and our regional sports networks (RSNs) could not be clearer, especially in a world where appointment, live viewing commands the highest value.
FOX Sports scored a record year for soccer as it undertook a historic multi-platform presentation of the 2015 FIFA Women’s World Cup, culminating in a record-setting final match that drew more than 25 million viewers. It also debuted the U.S. Open Golf Championship to strong ratings and nearly 7 million viewers for the final round.
 Lachlan K. Murdoch
Executive Chairman 21st Century Fox

In its second year, FOX Sports 1 delivered impressive results as it expanded its portfolio of marquee sporting events. In addition to the FIFA Women’s World Cup and the U.S. Open Golf Championship, we added the MLB’s National League Championship Series and Bundesliga soccer, among others. With ratings up 45 percent in total day and 52 percent for live sports over its first year, the performance of our national sports channel underscores the value
of our investment in sports rights as we continue to develop this business.
Our RSNs are a key driver of our domestic sports business. As the largest regional sports
programmer in the U.S., our RSNs tap into the passion and loyalty of fans in hometowns, regularly beating broadcast and cable for the top spot in many markets.
Like sports, news programming commands a live audience that is minimally impacted by shifts toward non-linear viewing. Fox News’ viewership is considerably larger than
its two main competitors combined and, over the last fiscal year, grew by double digits
in primetime in its key demographic. The network recently marked its 54th consecutive quarter as the number one cable news network on the consistent strength of its lineup.
In its second year, THE KELLY FILE is already the second most-watched program in cable news, narrowly behind THE O’REILLY FACTOR, which has held the number one spot for
14 years. In addition, the network’s signature nightly news show, SPECIAL REPORT WITH BRET BAIER, regularly beats the evening competition on broadcast in major markets. Even though the U.S. presidential election is more than a year away, Fox News is already off
to an auspicious start. The first GOP candidate forum delivered 24 million total viewers, making it the highest rated non-sports program in cable television history. And for five consecutive weeks this summer, Fox News was the number one channel across all of basic cable.
On the entertainment side, our suite of FX channels, FX, FXX and FXM, delivered growth despite a challenging ratings environment for entertainment programming. FX’s AMERICAN HORROR STORY: FREAK SHOW, the fourth installment in the horror anthology, was the most watched program in FX’s 21-year history. Another limited series, FARGO, earned critical acclaim and is returning for a second season. Established hits such as LOUIE, JUSTIFIED and THE AMERICANS continued to win plaudits alongside sophomore seasons of TYRANT and THE STRAIN. In addition, sister network FXX demonstrated commendable performance in its second year, nearly doubling
its primetime audience, primarily due to the addition of THE
SIMPSONS.
At FOX Broadcasting Company, we are building on last year’s creative momentum with returning series EMPIRE, GOTHAM, LAST MAN STANDING and BROOKLYN NINE-NINE, which serve as a foundation for 10 new shows that will debut in the new season. We still have much work to do to rebuild the broadcast network.
Outside the U.S., we continue to benefit from growth in pay television. Over the last year, Fox International Channels (FIC) grew its subscriber base by double digits for the fifth consecutive year and now reaches nearly 400 million viewing households in approximately 180 countries. Earlier this year, FIC consolidated all of its FOX branded channels outside the U.S. under a single brand positioning and network package across 126 countries in 33 languages.
In India we believe STAR will contribute greatly to our future growth. Over the
last 12 months STAR expanded on its well-established leadership position in general entertainment, moving aggressively into the sports market with STAR Sports, which is seeing exciting growth.
Over the last 12 months
STAR expanded on its well- established leadership position in general entertainment, moving aggressively into
the sports market with STAR Sports, which is seeing exciting growth.

  Our company and our shareholders have benefited over the years from the stability and strength of our senior management team.
who stand to benefit through the 39 percent stake we hold in the expanded business and the $7.3 billion in net proceeds which supported our share buyback in 2015. We are already encouraged by Sky’s progress and performance.
Furthermore, we entered into the joint venture Endemol Shine Group, which will enhance our position in the thriving global content market by creating a more competitive business at a truly global scale.
Our company and our shareholders have benefited over the years from the stability and strength of our senior management team. Ensuring our long-term leadership into the future has been
The ICC Cricket World Cup tournament on STAR Sports earlier this year marked India’s largest television event ever with hundreds of millions of viewers, planting a flag for the recently re-launched sports network. STAR is also expanding its entertainment reach with the acquisition of the Telegu-language networks group MAA Television Network Limited, adding to STAR’s portfolio its eighth language and one of India’s largest regional markets. In February, STAR launched its online entertainment destination hotstar, which drew more than 20 million downloads in four months and firmly positions us to benefit from the digital transformation in the world’s fastest growth market.
Twentieth Century Fox Film had an exceptional year, setting an all-time industry record of $5.5 billion for global box-office in calendar 2014. We were proud of the sheer range of theatrical successes across genres, spanning global franchises DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE APES, THE MAZE RUNNER and TAKEN 3, book adaptations THE FAULT IN OUR STARS and GONE GIRL and, finally, high-concept breakouts like THE GRAND BUDAPEST HOTEL and BIRDMAN.
The same creative excellence extends to our television studio Twentieth Century Fox Television, which produces many of the most sought-after and lauded series on television today.
We completed a transaction to create one of Europe’s leading entertainment companies by selling our satellite assets in Italy and Germany to Sky plc. This agreement unlocks enormous value for the pan-European business as well as for our shareholders,
one of the most important responsibilities of our Board, and a key priority for our team. After a thoughtful multi-year succession planning process, we formally completed
our management transition on July 1 with the elevation of Lachlan Murdoch and James Murdoch to the positions of Executive Chairman and CEO, respectively. Chase Carey,
a valued and wise partner of nearly 30 years, moved from his day-to-day operational role and remains very involved in our strategic efforts as Executive Vice-Chairman.
The opportunities and challenges ahead are immense, and we remain confident in our future. We are grateful to our stockholders for their support and loyalty and look forward to sharing many more successes in the years to come.
Regards,
  Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch, Executive Chairmen, 21st Century Fox
