                  A Letter From Rupert Murdoch
The last year has been among the most challenging in our Company’s 56-year history. The entire media industry is not only coping with the global recession but, at the same time, learning to navigate some of the most profound shifts to our business models in decades.
While our results for the year were disappointing, I am happy to report we are entering fiscal 2010 with a solid portfolio of businesses, a management team with a proven record of imagination and achievement, and expectations of a stronger year ahead. We also have a robust cash balance of $6.5 billion, which allows us to continue developing our great franchises and make prudent investments for the future.
In the past year, we have reduced our already lean headcount by more than five percent, disposed of non-core businesses, and streamlined operations. In addition, we continue to conduct strategic reviews at all of our companies to make ourselves more efficient.
Rupert Murdoch
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer News Corporation
 
                 trusted source 2 News Corporation

                  consumers want news and entertainment delivered on the platforms most convenient for their individual lifestyles
Looking ahead, I believe we should see some upswing in the latter half of the year. In fiscal 2010, we will depend on advertising for significantly less of our total revenues, and as I write this letter all other sources are showing robust health.
In fact, I see a great opportunity to grow the business over the next few years by sticking to our core principle: News Corporation is a creative media company that attracts and retains customers by giving them the news and entertainment that they value.
We believe there are no forms of media too old to thrive or too young to take off. Meanwhile, we are managing all our great franchises to expand their leadership and extend their reach.
We are a company whose great strength has always been getting ahead of change, instead of waiting until it is forced upon us. We are always adapting and developing and looking for ways to improve our quality and expand
our presence.
With every passing day, the media is playing a larger and larger role in the lives of people across the world. The teenager in Shanghai watching his favorite show on
his mobile device and the 50-year-old investment
banker in Los Angeles using hers to look for
market updates have one thing in common:
they want the news and entertainment that
reflects their particular interests... they want it
when they want it... and they want it delivered
on the platforms most convenient for their individual lifestyles. They are willing to pay, but they are only willing to pay for what they value.
   TM Family Guy and
©2009 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp. All rights reserved
2009 Annual Report 3

                 These trends affect all markets. In developing nations such as India and China, hundreds of millions of people are entering the middle class and
becoming consumers of news and entertainment. Around the world, people constantly and rightly demand more and better – whether it be high - definition video recorders to watch their favorite movies at home, news delivered to their mobile devices, a television channel devoted to the particular team or sport they follow, or the new 3-D film technologies that will find their way eventually to television. This new digital world is an enormous opportunity, and we continue to change News Corporation to take advantage of it.
As we work to provide our customers with the quality they expect from our brands, we are fortunate to have a terrific management team. This team has been strengthened with the return of Chase Carey as president and chief operating officer. Chase has a long track record in the industry, having served as the highly successful chief executive officer of DIRECTV after long stints at FOX and our corporate office. He has proved both inside and outside of News Corporation that he knows how to build audiences, manage complex staffs, and operate businesses profitably. I am confident Chase will use those talents to ensure the Company takes full advantage of the incredible opportunities before us across
all of our businesses.
As chairman and chief executive of Europe and Asia, James Murdoch is responsible for looking for new ways to make the digital future work for us in key global markets. At News International in London, Rebekah Wade has been promoted to managing director. Rebekah has proved herself a great executive in 10 years
as editor of The Sun, and she will be taking her success there to all of our U. K. newspapers.
We have also created a new position within the company – chief digital officer – and brought in Jonathan Miller to fill it. He is already making his mark across our global digital portfolio, tackling head-on the restructuring at MySpace and our other digital media properties, as well as leading a company-wide effort to establish a new economic model to transition all of our print properties to
a profitable digital future.
 4 News Corporation
the way
to compete
is to provide the quality consumers value
