N E W S C O R P O R ATI O N

Chief Executive Officer's Review

Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

I am very pleased to report to you that fiscal 2005 was, by virtually any measure, the best year in News Corporation's 52-year history. The Company reported record revenues and profits, generated a record amount of cash flow from operations, achieved a swift turnaround at its Italian satellite platform and completed a host of strategic initiatives that we believe position us for sustained growth for years to come.
Indeed, fiscal 2005 was our third consecutive year of double-digit revenue and operating income growth. Our Filmed Entertainment, Cable Network Programming, Newspapers, Book Publishing, Magazines and Inserts segments all posted record profits. At the same time, with our $2.4 billion increase in cash, we significantly strengthened our balance sheet, giving us enhanced financial flexibility to meet the challenges ahead. We've achieved all this in an environment that is changing faster than ever. For the consumer, technological change represents progress: more and better choices, greater functionality, easier use. For corporations, however, change can sometimes have the opposite effect: disrupted business plans, outdated products, missed budgets. But these moving parts also lead to great, if uncertain, opportunities. Fortunately, change plays to News Corp.'s strengths. When I'm asked how we've been able to grow so strongly during a time when our peers have not, I often note how change complements our corporate culture. We've always been a company that's resisted the status quo, that's charted its own course in the face of conventional wisdom. Whether in creating a fourth network or a third cable news channel, a regional sports network or a compact version of a venerable broadsheet, we've always followed our instincts, often to the dismay of our competitors but ultimately to the benefit of consumers and shareholders. Our management is trained to focus not only on strengthening existing operations but, as importantly, on pursuing new growth opportunities for the future. These initiatives at times involve investing new capital and a short-term reduction to our earnings growth.

>4<

> News Corporation today boasts among the best mix of assets in the business and a corporate structure that enables us to get the most out of those assets.

As a result of our longer-term focus and capital allocation, News Corporation today boasts among the best mix of assets in the business, and a corporate structure that enables us to get the most out of those assets. We produce award-winning. critically acclaimed and popular content. We have also invested in the world's largest distribution platform and the only one that is truly global in scope. Most importantly, we've learned how to integrate our content and distribution assets into a seamless whole that allows us to get the most out of each individual asset ­ an attribute that further distinguishes us from our peers. Our diverse businesses encompass all forms of modern media: from print to broadcast to cable to satellite to film to home entertainment to the Internet. We generate revenue around the world, with more than 40 percent coming from outside the U.S. And those revenues are diversified by a broad base of sources. This past fiscal year, News Corporation's net income exceeded $2.1 billion, a 39 percent increase over the prior year with combined earnings per share of $0.69, up 28 percent. The Company's balance sheet is also stronger than ever before, with $6.5 billion in cash and a strong debt-to-equity position. As a result of our strong financial position, we increased our dividends for the fiscal year for both Class A and Class B Common Stock, to $0.12 and $0.10, respectively. In addition, we announced a $3 billion stock buyback in June 2005, and by the end of August had already purchased 34 million shares for approximately $585 million. Sustained financial growth was not the only measure of our success in fiscal 2005, however. Strategically, we also excelled. We completed our reincorporation in the U.S., moving our primary listing to the New York Stock Exchange. This has already resulted in the Company's inclusion in several major U.S. equity indices, including the S&P 500, and a significant reduction in the discount of the non-voting to voting shares. We continue to believe that this change in domicile will help the Company attain greater value for our shareholders longer term. With News Corporation's domicile change, there was no further need to maintain the Fox Entertainment Group as a separate corporate entity. Consequently, earlier this year we completed a successful exchange offer for all outstanding shares of Fox stock. In so doing, we simplified our corporate reporting, eliminated a duplicative U.S. listing and achieved some minimal cost savings from redundant operations. This year also saw us acquire the 58 percent controlling interest in Queensland Press Pty Ltd that the Company did not already own. Queensland Press is one of Australia's best-run, fastest-growing newspaper operations, boasting two metro and eight regional newspapers in some of the most desirable newspaper markets in the country. Additionally, we acquired Telecom Italia's 20 percent stake in SKY Italia, making the platform a wholly owned subsidiary of our Company. Queensland Press and SKY Italia are both businesses with significant growth potential and we are now fortunate to capture 100 percent of their results in the future. While we made these strategic moves and acquisitions and reasserted ourselves in the Internet ­ something I will refer to later ­ we also continued to expand and reinvigorate our so-called traditional media businesses. There is no better example of this than the momentum we maintained and grew across our cable programming business. It was our biggest growth driver during fiscal 2005, recording yet another year of double-digit revenue and operating income growth. We believe that we have the fastest-growing collection of cable and satellite programming assets in the industry. And while much of our profit growth today stems from our established channels ­ FOX News, FX and our Regional Sports Networks ­ we have been diligent in developing their successors.

>5<

N E W S C O R P O R ATI O N

Chief Executive Officer's Review

SPEED Channel, which reached almost 64 million homes this past year, and our 67 percent-owned National Geographic, which expanded its subscriber base to almost 55 million, are both enjoying their highest ratings ever. Additionally, this past year we launched our newest cable channel, Fox Reality, which is now in nearly 19 million homes. With commitments to grow to approximately 25 million homes, the channel is poised to become one of the few networks to pass 20 million homes in its first year. This is not to say we expect the growth at our established channels to slow. FOX News, FX and the Fox Sports Net have built affluent and loyal audiences. FOX News Channel continues to dominate the cable news landscape, finishing the year with primetime ratings more than double those of its nearest competitor. And with ratings up 30 percent in primetime we continue to ramp up our advertising revenue. To give one example of how we stay ahead of the competition: during 2005, FOX News became the first news channel available to cell phone users, appearing live on Sprint phones 24 hours a day, seven days a week. FOX News' affiliate contracts begin expiring next September. As we renegotiate those agreements, I expect quite sizeable rate increases that reflect the Channel's must-see status. At FX, we have developed one of the best brands in cable today. This past year was our best rated in history as ratings rose 16 percent among Adults 18-49 on the strength of original programs such as returning hits The Shield and Nip/Tuck and promising newcomers Rescue Me and 30 Days. And much like at FOX News, this ratings momentum is translating into more advertising dollars. FX also renewed several of its original carriage agreements with pay-television operators this past year at significant increases, fostering double-digit revenue growth. As at FOX News, we expect affiliate revenues to continue to rise as additional agreements come up for renewal in the year ahead. We are also enjoying double-digit affiliate revenue growth at our Regional Sports Networks while solidifying our position as the local sports leader with the re-signing of nearly 20 teams to long-term rights deals. And this past year we restructured our partnership with Cablevision, in the process taking full ownership of two RSNs. Another established business posting impressive growth was our Filmed Entertainment segment. After attaining record profits in fiscal 2004, skeptics questioned whether we could sustain such growth. Few thought we could. Well, I am pleased to report that in fiscal 2005 we again delivered record results, despite an overall slowdown in box office sales and a patchy home entertainment market. While others may have suffered disappointing home entertainment sales, we experienced further growth in fiscal 2005. The engine for this success has been ­ and will continue to be ­ the production of theatrical hits at appropriate budgets. Home entertainment has become our largest film profit window. But what drives success in the home entertainment business is success at the box office ­ in fiscal 2005, several Fox films debuted at number one, including I, Robot, Alien Vs. Predator, Hide and Seek, Kingdom of Heaven and Robots. We also distributed Mr. and Mrs. Smith and, of course, the record-breaking Star Wars: Episode III, Revenge of the Sith. Meanwhile, Fox Searchlight, our low-budget studio, produced an array of profitable films including Sideways, which earned more than $100 million in worldwide box office and won an Academy Award.

> Cable Network Programming was our biggest growth driver during fiscal 2005, recording yet another year of double-digit revenue and operating income growth.

>6<

The results achieved at our Television segment provide another example of our success developing new growth drivers while maintaining solid performances at our established businesses. STAR, our pan-Asian channels group, is now one of News Corp.'s most exciting growth drivers. Its operating income more than doubled in fiscal 2005 and I expect it to become a major profit contributor in the years ahead. Unlike many of our competitors who talk of the possibilities in Asia, we have built a real presence with powerful brands. We broadcast more than 50 channels in all genres across Asia. We control more than 20,000 hours of Indian and Chinese programming. And, recently, we were granted approval for a DTH joint venture in India, whose footprint would cover India's 80 million television households. STAR was hardly our only television success story in fiscal 2005. For the first time in its history, the FOX network won the ratings race among 18-49 year olds. Clearly, American Idol was a big part of our success. But it was far from the sole contributor. Several other returning shows rated well, including 24, whose ratings were up 16 percent, and The OC, which established a foothold on Thursday nights ­ the most lucrative night of the week. We also found big audiences for several new series, including medical drama House, the number one new comedy, Stacked, and the cult hit Family Guy, which we revived to its best ratings ever. The biggest profit generator within our Television segment remains our station group. Fiscal 2005 operating income was up only slightly, with results affected by a soft local advertising market and the impact of local people meters being adopted in several large markets. Changes to the way local television ratings are measured has had a disproportionate impact on minority viewing, with fault rates among African-American, Hispanic and large households unacceptably high. To combat the unfair and disruptive effects of this flawed system, News Corp. has been at the forefront of a broad industry effort to bring greater accountability and accuracy to local ratings. Just as the Television segment showed great resilience and, in some instances, achieved historic firsts, the results of our newest segment ­ Direct Broadcast Satellite Television ­ vindicated our faith in this exciting industry. SKY Italia was arguably the year's biggest single success story. Launched just two years ago, SKY Italia ­ as promised ­ became profitable in our fourth quarter. Indeed, the platform improved its operating results by more than $100 million in fiscal 2005. For the year, we added more than 650,000 subscribers to bring our subscriber base to more than 3.3 million. But subscriber additions are only part of the story. Average rate per subscriber continued to exceed our early expectations, with customers overwhelmingly purchasing all our top-tier packages. We successfully quashed piracy problems by swapping out old technology and replacing it with a much more secure conditional access system purchased from our majority-owned subsidiary, NDS. And our churn rate remained at astonishingly low levels ­ less than 10 percent annually ­ reflecting a loyal and satisfied subscriber base. Our two other major satellite investments also made considerable progress in 2005. DIRECTV, grew its subscriber base by 1.7 million and aggressively expanded its product offerings with more local channels and high definition and digital video recorder capabilities. News Corporation also agreed to sell its satellite platforms in Latin America to The DIRECTV Group, allowing DIRECTV to form a single platform in each major territory. In our first full year owning a 34 percent stake in DIRECTV, the platform fulfilled its promise as a powerful partner to our Fox assets. We negotiated contracts with DIRECTV management to carry several new Fox-produced

> For the first time in its history, the FOX network won the ratings race among 18-49 year olds.

>7<

N E W S C O R P O R ATI O N

Chief Executive Officer's Review

> Across the board in fiscal 2005, our established businesses performed admirably in the face of many challenges and our developing businesses made great strides towards sustained growth and profitability.

channels, providing an immediate 15 million subscribers at launch. And the cooperation between Fox and DIRECTV in areas such as NFL broadcasts will lead to several ground-breaking interactive advances in the coming season. In the U.K., our 37 percent-owned BSkyB expanded its DTH subscriber base by 6 percent to 7.8 million this past year while revamping its pricing and package structure to offer consumers increased choice and flexibility. As the number of subscribers increased ­ a number expected to exceed 8 million by the end of calendar 2005 ­ the number of multi-room households also rose, more than doubling this past year and providing a strong boost to average revenue per user. As you know, we have long been big believers in the potential for satellite to deliver a top-quality and innovative service to customers around the world. Fiscal 2005 showed that our predictions were justified. While the development of our newer satellite assets continued apace, few would have predicted the exceptional growth we achieved at our print assets, especially among our newspapers. At the Newspapers segment, operating income was up 31 percent on the year, to $740 million. Our Australian papers delivered record profits during fiscal 2005, with the inclusion of 100 percent of the results of Queensland Press, and with advertising revenues benefiting from the strong local economy. We also grew our market share at several of our U.K. newspapers, including The Times, which shifted fully to a compact version that consumers and advertisers alike prefer, and at the New York Post, which posted its ninth consecutive six-month period of daily circulation growth. In the past year we also made long-term capital investments in our Australian properties to increase their color capacity and we are in the process of undertaking an even greater expansion in the U.K. where we have begun a five-year effort to build modern new plants and buy new color printing presses to serve our papers and enable large wage savings. We also achieved growth across our other print assets. HarperCollins enjoyed another year of record profits ­ all the more remarkable this year considering the enormous gains made a year ago, spurred by the runaway success of The Purpose Driven Life. And our Magazines and Inserts segment grew operating income 10 percent, led by continued growth in our InStore division. Our publishing assets are major cash generators for our Company, cash that enabled us to develop new businesses. Given that they are the foundation of our Company, I was extremely pleased with their performance in the past year. Across the board in fiscal 2005, our established businesses performed admirably in the face of many challenges and our developing businesses made great strides towards sustained growth and profitability. It was, as I said earlier, a record year. But to maintain our steep growth trajectory, we must continue to develop new assets in new areas. To that end, we have spent the past six months focusing on reformulating our Internet strategy. The shell-shock of the dot-com bubble is dissipating and smart companies are realizing that the digital revolution is only accelerating. The achievers in the digital age are going to be those who fashion their Internet presence in line with the expectations of their increasingly web-savvy customer base ­ especially the "digital natives," as I called them earlier this year in a speech I gave to the American Society of Newspaper Editors. In that speech I acknowledged that more and more young people are embracing the Internet as

>8<

> A stronger, smarter Internet presence will enable us to get the most out of our content, expand our reach, and exponentially increase consumer choice.

their medium of choice for news and information. Any company that ignores this trend does so at its own peril. Indeed, I noted that companies such as ours ­ with an abundance of original content, access to millions of subscribers and a culture of entrepreneurship ­ must embrace the opportunities that will flow from the coming ubiquity of broadband and find ways to monetize their content on the web. In July this year, we took the first major steps in our Internet strategy. We established a new unit ­ Fox Interactive Media (FIM) ­ to consolidate and oversee the strong online presence of all Fox divisions, from news to sports to entertainment. FIM will also leverage our vast archive of content to create the ultimate online hub for users of widely varying interests. FIM quickly made several strategic investments. We announced the acquisition of Intermix Media, which owns ­ among other sites ­ MySpace.com, the fifth most visited domain in the U.S. With this deal, we will instantly double the number of visitors to our sites and vastly strengthen the foundation on which we can build a bigger, better, more compelling Internet experience for our customers. We then agreed to buy Scout Media, Inc., the parent company of Scout.com, the country's number one independent online college sports network, to build on our strengths in sports broadcasting. Our strategy for the Internet is the same as our strategy for other media. News Corporation will combine the best content with the strongest distribution platforms to offer consumers the widest variety of quality choices. A stronger, smarter Internet presence will enable us to get the most out of our content, expand our reach and exponentially increase consumer choice. Our aim is nothing less than to provide the best and stickiest Internet experience available anywhere. Make no mistake: this is a major ongoing initiative and our senior management will devote much of its time in the coming year to this area. I hope to report much more progress in this letter next year. None of our success ­ this year or any year ­ would have been possible without the vision, integrity and hard work of News Corporation's directors and employees. News Corp. staff go above and beyond the call of duty every day ­ not just in their work, but in their endeavors to help those in need everywhere. This past December, we were all humbled by the devastating tsunamis that ravaged much of South Asia, causing a tragedy of unimaginable breadth. While News Corp.'s news outlets swung into action to bring news of the disaster to readers and viewers around the world, Company executives in New York, Hong Kong, Sydney and London met to devise ways in which the Company and our employees could help relief and reconstruction efforts. News Corp. employees responded generously and earnestly and, together with the Company, contributed more than $8 million. From STAR News' round-the-clock coverage of the tsunami in India, to the individually organized charity events hosted by employees and matched by the Company in the U.K. and U.S., to public service announcements on the FOX network, we demonstrated our commitment to help serve our worldwide communities. It was a company-wide effort of which I was enormously proud. In closing, I am sure all shareholders would want to join me in thanking former Board director Geoff Bible for his years of service to our company. Geoff joined the Board as a non-executive director in 1998 and was chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, overseeing a raft of major changes in the past few years. Geoff will be particularly missed and we wish him well as he enjoys his retirement.

>9<

