 21st Century Fox Annual Report Chairmen’s Letter
Dear
Fellow Stockholders
   2016

  21st Century Fox Annual Report Chairmen’s Letter
Our strategic plan is built around three fundamental priorities: delivering standout creative output to power our core brands FOX, National Geographic, Fox News, FOX Sports, FX and STAR India; driving innovation
for customers across multiple platforms; and further advancing our capabilities to monetize our content wherever it is consumed. This past Fiscal Year we made solid progress on all three fronts and delivered growth in adjusted revenues and EBITDA for the year.
Our major accomplishments against our key strategic initiatives put us in a strong position for the future. We’ve greatly enhanced the quality of programming at the FOX network with a bold, new slate of shows; completed the National Geographic acquisition
and integration of its assets; and completed our succession plan at the film studio by elevating an executive with unparalleled experience in creating quality films for audiences globally. We recognize that our film studio has delivered mixed results, and we’re confident our new management team will help drive more positive returns.
The Fox News Channel, under new leadership, is stronger than ever, and is on track to have its highest rated year in its 20-year history. There has been some speculation that Fox News’ unique voice and positioning will change. It will not.
And we were able to achieve all of this while also completing an aggressive cost containment initiative that enabled us to rethink, restructure, and realign key functions across the business. The result is a new, transformed organization that’s better positioned to capture the many opportunities in today’s evolving marketplace.
Across our business we are seizing the many opportunities presented by this time of transformation as consumers increasingly engage with our content across multiple platforms. We established the Fox Networks Digital Consumer Group, which focuses on strategic growth initiatives in the direct-to-consumer digital video category, and is already seeing great success. In July, FOX became the first broadcast network to launch live streaming of its primetime entertainment programming on a nationwide basis. Approximately 250 million viewers in 210 markets
can now livestream the network’s primetime shows through FOX.com and the FOX NOW app. We are continually innovating to ensure that viewers can watch our programming whenever and wherever
they want and that we can benefit from the new
TV ecosystem.
Today, consumers spend more time watching video than any activity other than work or sleep. Demand for what we make is at an all-time high. New distribution entrants are making our content more available, not less. These new entrants, including our affiliate Hulu, are driving innovation and a better experience for consumers. We are pleased with Hulu’s progress
and are excited about its future plans.
As this development unfolds, the question is: where will value accrue? The answer is revealing itself. Companies like ours that are upstream, investing at scale in producing compelling content that consumers love and demand, building and supporting brands that have meaning and resonance, and nurturing cultures of creative risk-taking are best positioned to succeed.
We are seeing the evidence to support this conviction every day. We are experiencing growth in both our affiliate fee revenue and advertising revenue. Our brands are integral to not just traditional pay-tv platforms, but also emerging competitors which are providing more consumers with more access to what we create. This year, we expanded the platforms on which consumers can watch our domestic television networks, through their inclusion on Sling TV and expanded distribution on PlayStation Vue. More competition and better experiences for consumers means new opportunities to monetize our content.
Increasingly, marketers are realizing that the quality of the consumer engagement they can reach through premium content is a source of great value. We continue to develop innovative ways to reach consumers and make the viewing experience better through reduced ad loads and more relevant, targeted advertising.
Our strong balance sheet is a competitive advantage for us, and one that we deploy conservatively. During a time of industry transformation, our balance sheet ensures we can capture and leverage opportunities. We have also returned significant capital to our shareholders. Over the last three years, we have returned more than $16 billion to our shareholders through buybacks and dividends.
With the Board’s guidance and leadership, we operate 21CF as a growth company, prioritizing investments
in accretive long-term growth opportunities through investing in our existing businesses and new initiatives or acquisitions with both financial and strategic benefits. This approach has served us well and will continue to guide us going forward. This year also marks a new level of investment in creative output and in our core brands.
This is a time of opportunity for us. We are convinced that we have the right assets, strategy and people to successfully navigate through this period of evolution for our industry, drawing upon the value of our core strengths as we continue to chase our aspiration to be the company people around the world turn to for the stories that shape and better their lives.
Sincerely,
Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch
Executive Chairmen, 21st Century Fox
    
21st Century Fox Annual Report CEO’s Letter
Dear
Fellow Stockholders
  Through the strength of our programming, the power of our brands and the inventiveness we bring to our products, we’ve achieved a great deal this year and are well positioned to create long-term value for our shareholders.
Let’s start with our content—our storytelling, news and sports. It’s the foundation of all we achieve and fiscal 2016 has been an extraordinary year.
Our film studio’s bet on a first-time director
broke box office records with Deadpool, which grossed over $780 million worldwide on a modest production budget. Our television studio delivered three of the season’s top four broadcast series with Empire, The X-Files and Modern Family.
FX Networks delivered its highest rated series
ever and cable’s most watched new primetime series with The People Vs. OJ Simpson: American Crime Story, the first of a new anthology. National Geographic Channel’s The Story of God with Morgan Freeman was the most watched series
in its history. Fox News Channel, the number
one basic cable channel over the last 12
months, achieved its highest rated year ever.
And FOX Sports 1 continued its strong growth trajectory, overtaking ESPN2 in prime across
all demographics, including total viewers.
These are but a few examples from across
a global enterprise that is taking creative risks, delivering compelling entertainment, news and sports, and providing viewers around the world with the stories that are meaningful to their lives.
Of course, as our industry changes rapidly, we need to do more than deliver great content. We are also focused on being a driver of innovation in the customer experience and supporting the
proliferation of consumer choices for accessing our content. More downstream competition means what we create becomes more valuable.
We have taken great strides in that direction, starting with our work to position our brands for integration into emerging platforms. New internet-based video services offer compelling user experiences and economics, but just like incumbent distribution partners, their value proposition depends on delivering video brands and quality programming consumers demand.
That’s why we put strengthening our video brands at the center of our strategy. Toward that end, we have simplified and strengthened our portfolio around our core brands: FOX, National Geographic, Fox News, FOX Sports, FX and STAR India. We have bolstered our portfolio with the additions of FXX and FOX Sports 1, as well as with National Geographic’s digital and other consumer properties, a transaction we completed in the last year. We also have built on STAR India’s leadership with the launch of STAR Sports and the acquisition of MAA-TV’s broadcast business.
These investments have yielded strong results.
For the 2016 Fiscal Year we reported sustained increases in affiliate revenues, our largest and most predictable source of revenue, as well as a solid
year for advertising. Our video brands now underpin multiple emerging streaming platforms domestically, including Hulu’s upcoming live and on-demand service, which is core to our efforts to innovate for customers.
Internationally, we have continued to grow the number of households that enjoy our programming. We are well positioned to benefit from strong pay-TV
 
 21st Century Fox Annual Report CEO’s Letter
and digital growth in international markets like India. STAR India’s profit growth is accelerating and its over-the-top mobile service hotstar is setting the pace of innovation.
At a time of constant change, our insistence on challenging the status quo is vital. Our culture is all about our appetite for change. We work every day to make 21st Century Fox a dynamic place where our people are empowered to innovate in an environment built on trust and respect.
Our ability to capture future opportunities at a time of change means ensuring our organization is structured the right way. Here too, we have made significant progress over the last 12 months. We restructured the leadership team at Fox Networks Group; completed a leadership transition at the film studio; streamlined the cost base across the business; completed the integration of the newly acquired National Geographic businesses, as well as the integrations of the three Skys, MAA-TV’s broadcast business with STAR India, and Shine into the new Endemol Shine Group.
Our affiliate companies continue to make significant progress. Sky is growing its customer base, revenues and profits as the business broadens, opens up new customer segments and develops more products and services. Hulu’s velocity is picking up too, with strong subscriber growth over the last 12 months, the addition of Time Warner as an investor and a groundbreaking live product expected early next year.
The achievements I have described represent
a company that is executing superbly. It is a credit to the thousands of men and women around the world who make it all happen. Thanks to them, we are able to deliver the stories that people want and need, and in turn build a company that is positioned for long-term growth and success in today’s dynamic market.
Sincerely,
James Murdoch
Chief Executive Officer, 21st Century Fox
At a time of constant change, our insistence on challenging the status quo is vital.
 Our culture is all about our appetite for change.
   