A Letter from rupert Murdoch
the close of the fiscal year at news corporation has seen the continuation of an extraordinary winning streak – our sixth consecutive year of record earnings. our operating income for 2008 was
$5.4 billion, our cash position was strong, and our balance sheet extremely robust.
these figures reflect the proven benefits of a long-term strategy that is both global and digital, taking advantage of these two most profound trends of our time to create value for our stockholders. this strategy will be all the more important for our stockholders as we navigate in the fluky economic winds that have becalmed or tossed other companies and some countries.
while there is understandable concern about prospects for the u.s. economy, we are seeing surprising growth in many parts of the world that have traditionally been vulnerable to the merest hint of downturn in America. An industrial revolution is continuing almost unabated in india and china, much of latin America is prospering and eastern europe seems to be on
a different, more positive track than that of western europe.
these unprecedented economic patterns are reflective of and, in part, derived from an unusual phase in the evolution of global financial markets. it is presumed that we are in the midst of a “credit crisis,” but in reality we have more a crisis of confidence than a shortage of credit.
there is no doubt that asset values are under pressure in some parts of the world and that financial institutions are, quite rightly, re-evaluating risk, but money continues to flow to sound companies and to clever ideas. we are in the fortuitous position of having a group of complementary properties whose global reach and digital potential puts us in a position to flourish while others are floundering.
some of our top performers this past year include sky italia, which nearly doubled its operating income from a year ago
to $419 million, and cable network programming, where operating income was up 16% – a huge achievement given the tremendous startup costs for the fox business network and the big ten network. in filmed entertainment, we posted our seventh straight year of operating growth – and one of the highest margins in the entertainment industry. this success was fueled by the strong worldwide theatrical and home entertainment performances of films like The Simpsons Movie, Live Free or Die Hard and Alvin and the Chipmunks.
meanwhile, in Australia and the u.k., our newspapers are doing very well in challenging environments. And on the global digital front, fox interactive media saw a five-fold increase in operating income. results like these are the reason that news corporation can report double digit growth for both revenue and operating income. And
they reinforce our drive to take advantage of the opportunities arising in a fast-changing media landscape, while, at all times, being focused on giving our viewers, readers and consumers more and better choices. by anticipating
and satisfying consumers’ needs and demands, we are ensuring that our stockholders, too, will be rewarded with long-term value.
Advances in technology are changing the means of delivering content and the very character of content itself – increased speeds of delivery have meant, for example, the popularization of video on the internet and a fundamental shift in the role
of the mobile phone. these changes are providing remarkable opportunities for our company around the world. we have and must continue to create content that consumers increasingly want across the whole spectrum of media – whether it be


A letter from rupert murdoch
the social networking of myspace or the customized financial intelligence provided by dow Jones, which, in line with our core strategy, are both global and digital in their missions.
there is no shortage of newspaper naysaying, but The Wall Street Journal gives us an international platform to deliver specialist financial information to premium subscribers and the paper itself is defying industry trends. the Journal is the only one of the top 15 u.s. newspapers to have increased
its circulation during the first half of calendar 2008. since becoming part of news corporation, the number of monthly visitors to wsj.com has surged by almost 90 percent and we are only just getting started. i believe that wsj.com and the Journal are among our greatest opportunities for growth. by making key investments now, we will give Journal readers and advertisers more of what they want – and ensure that it remains the first choice for news and information for many millions of people around the world, whether in print, on the web, through aAmobile phone or on a new device.
t the moment, the biggest growth area of dow Jones is its enterprise media Group. this group includes the dow Jones indexes, factiva and newswires businesses – and it generates the
majority of dow Jones profits. so we are continuing to invest
in these businesses and to integrate dow Jones assets throughout the news corporation family. dow Jones is working in partnership with stAr and myspace to broaden the global audience for its premium content, and is developing a web- based strategy that reaches far beyond traditional institutional consumers at a time of fast-growing international demand for trusted business information and analysis. for consumers
in the 21st century, the timely delivery of high quality financial
information will be more relevant than ever – and the strategic moves we are making today mean that we are primed to exploit this long-term opportunity.
Another way we are investing in our future is by using the revenues from our established enterprises to feed the growth of new enterprises based on new business models. fox interactive media is a good example of this evolution. in less than three years, it has become nearly a billion dollar business. clearly, we’re still in the early stages of figuring out the best ways to translate its huge potential into advertising revenue, but we are encouraged by what we see. in may, myspace hit an all time high with nearly 74 million unique u.s. visitors
for the month – and it continues to add tens of thousands
of new users from around the world each month. even
more important, our profits-per-user are up an astonishing 53% over last year.
As we continue to position ourselves for the digital future, we’re also making important short-term moves to ensure that a slowing economy does not slow us down. we are strengthening our balance sheet – by divesting non-strategic assets and focusing instead on assets and investments that we believe represent our next generation of growth. in the past year, we also completed a $10.1 billion stock buyback through the exchange of our interest in directv, three rsns and approximately $625 million in cash for liberty media’s 16% interest in our common stock. finally, we received cash for our position in Gemstar-tv Guide and sold eight television stations. these two transactions netted the company approximately $2 billion. together our sales, buybacks and divestitures have put us in a strong cash position and will improve returns to stockholders.
 NewsCorp 008 Annual report

"i hAve confidence in the future becAuse i know the chArActer And Ability of the 64,000 dedicAted individuAls who mAke up the news corporAtion fAmily: women And men with A pAssion for innovAtion, An Aversion to complAcency – And A belief thAt All consumers deserve quAlity And choice."
At a time when some parts of the world are affected by economic and geopolitical uncertainty, having a healthy balance sheet is important to us. today, news corporation is the most global and most competitive media and entertainment company on earth. the international network of related businesses that we are building, businesses which are far more than the sum of their parts, will be a platform for future growth and for stockholder returns. every day, we reach more than a billion people through television, films, books, newspapers, satellite technology and the internet. many of our most exciting opportunities for growth continue to be overseas.
in the emerging world, we are seeing the creation of a global middle class of more than two billion people who are well educated, well remunerated and increasingly sophisticated in their choices. their entry into the global marketplace is changing the world for the better. these are talented and motivated people, and as they advance, they will
be increasingly hungry for better sources of news and entertainment. And we are in a strong position to provide it.
over July and August, for example, i spent a few weeks
in Asia, where i met some of our talented employees
and was impressed by the hard work and growing self- confidence i saw throughout the region. in the historic city of pune in western india, i saw plans to bring the internet
to the most remote of indian villages. in mumbai, i launched two dow Jones indexes that will measure the rise of india’s companies and its growing economy. like the chinese before them, the people of india suffered a grinding poverty that was caused by a failure of policy and was not a reflection of personal potential. but these inspiring individuals have picked themselves up and are determined to use their talents and
skills to make a better life for themselves and their families. their rise is to be celebrated and will surely provide our company with extraordinary opportunities in the future.
i have confidence in that future because i know the character and ability of the 64,000 dedicated individuals who make up the news corporation family: women and men with a passion for innovation, an aversion to complacency – and a belief that all consumers deserve quality and choice. these talented individuals are attracted to news corporation because they know we offer a place where they will be given the freedom they need to show what they can do. their mission – our mission – is to inform, to innovate and to inspire.
revolutionary changes have shaped our world and transformed our company. but we will be faithful to our core mission. And as long as we do, we will continue to do what we do best: connecting people all over the world, creating choice where none exists, taking on established competitors, and husbanding our assets for new opportunities and challenges.
rupert Murdoch
chairman and chief executive officer
 
