 Chief Executive’s Review
We have long been proud of News Corporation’s stature not only as one of the world’s most successful media companies but as its most international. The films, television programs, newspapers, magazines, books and other products and services of our Company simply reach more people in more countries than those of any other media provider. Yet we do more than operate on a truly global scale: for almost 50 years we have operated according to the values that bind us to the communities we serve – and that unite people across the globe.
The past fiscal year gave us ample chance Months later, Fox News Channel initiated and led
to exercise those values. It was a time of
extraordinary events and exceptional diffi- culty for people, nations and industries around the world – during which our worldwide Company met challenges to our operations, and our principles, head-on. Our efforts have always been driven by
a fierce egalitarian spirit, by a deep belief in fair play and in the rights of individuals. This is the spirit that has guided our diverse operations as we’ve catered to television audiences from Britain to Bangalore; as our newspapers have earned one loyal reader at a time from New York City to New Guinea; and as we have turned the vision and expertise of the indi- viduals who manage our businesses into successful operations. It is also this spirit that has guided our principled response to world events during the past year, particularly the events of September 11.
Our journalists in New York – at the Post, at Fox News Channel and at our foreign newspaper bureaus based in the city – showed tremendous resolve and personal courage as they delivered exemplary coverage of the attacks and their aftermath from the front lines, even while being targeted them- selves with anthrax contamination and terrorist threats. Our FOX network was one of the original organizers of the telethon that brought together the world’s most popular entertainers and raised US$180 million for the victims of September 11.
the charge against September 11 charities that were slow to distribute their funds; and the New York Post launched an awards program, based on nominations by the public, to honor New Yorkers who exemplify the strength of character that the city has shown since the attacks.
Our responses to momentous events were not limited to the U.S. during the past year. In the U.K., The Sun and The Times lent their distinctive voices to Britain’s historic debates over currency and poli- tics. In India, the management and employees of STAR showed enormous bravery as they worked to serve their customers through that country’s politi- cal upheaval. And in Australia, the Daily Telegraph
in Sydney organized and executed a phenomenally successful appeal for the sake of the victims of the destructive bushfires that struck New South Wales.
Media companies such as ours have an obliga- tion to the communities we serve to be good and involved citizens. I was – and I remain – deeply proud of all our companies’ efforts during this past year to fulfill that essential function.
At the same time, we also have a fundamental responsibility to shareholders to operate our Company as efficiently and profitably as possible. Therefore, I am pleased to report that the Company’s results were extremely strong in fiscal 2002. Our revenues rose 10 percent to US$15.2 billion and
 6

   Dr. Dolittle 2. These are the benefits of our excep- tional string of motion pictures over the past year and a half: a content pipeline generating ongoing revenues as our films are released across a variety of ancillary windows. It is not luck that powered our fifth consecutive year of record revenues from DVD and VHS sales in the U.S. but rather the talents of our executives and their creative teams, the sheer quality of the films they create and the intelligent marketing and distribution strategies they employ to maximize these products’ potential.
Our television production business also helped to propel the earnings increase in Filmed Entertainment, as Twentieth Century Fox Television (TCFTV) furthered its reign as the number one supplier of series to networks. During the year, TCFTV sold the syndication rights to such successful shows as Buffy the Vampire Slayer, King of the Hill, The Practice and Ally McBeal as well as raising the license fees
for network series including Dharma & Greg. Fox Television Studios’ Malcolm in the Middle – nominat- ed for five Emmys in July 2002 – also continued
to be a treasured television property, reflected in the sale, shortly after the fiscal year, of rights to re-broadcast the series to stations covering 30 per- cent of the U.S. With 24 of our television series incorporated into the U.S. broadcast networks’ schedules for next season – 15 of them returning from last season – the Company is poised to extend its unrivaled leadership in network program creation and to augment its line of syndication hits.
Perhaps the clearest evidence of our ability to strengthen our businesses in uncertain economic conditions and against any competition can be seen in the progress of our cable television platforms in fiscal 2002. Operating income at the cable segment increased 88 percent in fiscal 2002 as explosive gains were achieved across all the Company’s cable channels. Fox News Channel, once considered an improbable challenger to an unbeatable frontrunner, became the undisputed number one cable news channel on U.S. television in less than six years. Fox News beat CNN’s ratings 24 hours a day while adding more than 12 million subscribers and remained the most-watched cable news network for the second half of the fiscal year. FX emerged as a top 10 cable network as the fast-growing entertainment channel generated the highest ratings
Rupert Murdoch
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
our operating income increased 11 percent to US$1.86 billion. In the face of unprecedented challenges we generated uncommon success.
As strong as our results were, however, we were not able to transfer that strength to our share price. Like you, I am frustrated with the underper- formance of our stock during this past fiscal year and know it is of little consolation that our peers – and indeed the overall U.S. market – experienced similar and greater losses. I and other members of our senior management team spent considerable time this past year educating the marketplace about our fundamental shareholder value in the hope that with a market rebound will come a rebound in our stock price to levels that more accurately reflect our true position.
Nevertheless, fiscal 2002 was a year of significant operational success.
In the U.S., our Filmed Entertainment segment recorded operating income of US$473 million, a 78 percent increase over the previous year, fueled by the record-breaking theatrical releases of Planet of the Apes, Ice Age and Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones; by the strong performance of home entertainment releases including the brilliant Moulin Rouge and Behind Enemy Lines; and by
the pay-TV earnings of Planet of the Apes and
 7

 in the industry with its original movies and series and increased its subscribers by 20 percent. Fox Sports Networks improved its operating profit by 30 percent on the strength of double-digit revenue growth at the Regional Sports Networks and the continued rise of Speed Channel, which now boasts nearly 52 million subscribers. And National Geographic Channel, launched in partnership with National Geographic Television in January 2001, more than doubled its subscribers during the year to accomplish the most successful rollout of a U.S. cable network in history, after already achieving great international success.
Meanwhile, our Fox Television Stations group continued to thrive as the nation’s most enviable collection of local stations – and the Company’s most profitable business. In the past year we began to realize the incremental benefits of our duopolies in the top American markets as the group lowered overhead costs, improved operating efficiency and expanded its market share. Strategic acquisi- tions and swaps during the fiscal year helped the Company create four of those valuable duopolies – with a fifth, in Chicago, finalized in August 2002. As a result, the group now operates nine duopolies, including duopolies in the nation’s top three markets of New York, Los Angeles and Chicago. Our focused strategy of creating the most efficient television platforms in the most rewarding American markets continues to make the Fox Television Stations group a major growth engine
for the Company.
While much of these stations’ programming,
and thus their strength, is supplied by the FOX Broadcasting Company, the network itself endured a difficult year. Although FOX maintained its position as the number two network in the 2002 broadcast season in the coveted demographic of Adults 18 to 49, and despite the success of the groundbreaking new series 24 and The Bernie Mac Show, lower overall ratings, increased programming costs, losses from our sports contracts and the soft ad market combined to seriously hinder results. Following the departure of two of FOX’s most durable hit series, The X-Files and Ally McBeal, the network has taken aggressive steps to regain momentum. In June, FOX launched American Idol, which fast became the most popular series of the summer – averaging nearly
10 million viewers in its first few weeks – and we will continue to refine and redefine our programming to meet the needs of our viewers and advertisers going forward.
Our concerted efforts to improve our businesses generated positive results far beyond the U.S. In the U.K., BSkyB – 36 percent-owned by News Corporation – built on its success as the best digital satellite television service in the world. BSkyB’s phenomenal growth led the platform to operational profitability by the end of the year. The substantial increase of Sky’s direct-to-home subscriber base, 6.1 million strong by June 2002, fueled a 20 percent revenue improvement. With annual revenue per user having risen 11 percent and with churn impressively low, Sky continues to set the operational standard for digital television service everywhere.
STAR, too, achieved positive contributions for the second half of the fiscal year as the pan-Asian television platform improved its yearly operating income by 57 percent. At the close of fiscal 2002, STAR Plus celebrated two full years of unmatched excellence in the Indian market, having broadcast an average of 19 of the country’s top 20 cable shows every week. Our 37.6 percent-owned Phoenix Chinese Channel remained China’s leading inde- pendent television service, and our launch in March 2002 of a 24-hour Mandarin entertainment channel in Southern China made promising inroads into the most populous television market in the world.
In Book Publishing, HarperCollins continued its success, posting increased earnings across all
its worldwide divisions while achieving some of the highest profit margins in the business. In its fifth consecutive year of rising profits, HarperCollins saw both its Canadian and U.K. divisions win those countries’ publisher of the year awards. With a record number of American bestsellers in the past year, with its September 2001 launch of the bilin- gual Rayo imprint and with the establishment of the HarperCollins India joint-venture shortly after the end of the fiscal year, HarperCollins continued to excel and expand across the globe.
As I’ve said, however, with worldwide presence come worldwide challenges, and the severity of global economic conditions in the first half of the
 The past year was a time of extraordinary events and exceptional difficulty for people, nations and industries around the world - during which our worldwide Company met challenges to our operations, and our principles, head-on.
 8

 year took its toll. The poor advertising climate affected several of our businesses as we worked hard to retain our leadership positions in extremely competitive markets.
This battle was hard-fought at our newspaper operations, whose famous mastheads and loyal readerships make us the world’s leading English- language publisher. In the U.K., the solid market leadership of our papers enabled the majority of them to increase circulation revenues year-over-year; yet these gains were counteracted by ad revenue declines. In Australia, our papers’ circulation revenues also rose; but the downturn in national advertising, as well as higher newsprint costs, more than offset those increased revenues. Overall, operating income at the newspapers fell 12 percent from a year
ago, kept from a steeper decline by our effective cost-cutting efforts.
The weakened ad market also forced us, in
our second quarter, to substantially write down the value of our U.S. sports contracts with the National Football League, Major League Baseball and NASCAR auto racing. These contracts were signed in a far more robust economy and advertis- ing climate, and we had no choice but to take
the write-down to reflect the reduced value of these contracts.
As we have grown over the past five decades to a company with more than US$40 billion in assets, we have had to be entrepreneurial – and in that process we have had our setbacks. Two of them came this year.
In February 2002, we wrote down the value
of News Corporation’s investment in Germany’s KirchMedia just as BSkyB wrote down its investment in KirchPayTV. Although we believed in the potential of the German market, and safeguarded that belief with an option to put BSkyB’s stake back to Kirch, a series of ill-fated investments on their part – as well as the decline of their business in an unforgiving economy – led Kirch to declare bankruptcy in May and rendered BSkyB’s put option virtually worthless.
    9
We also had to write down the book value of our investment in Gemstar-TV Guide International due to Gemstar’s diminished share price. Although this obviously came as a great disappointment, it represents no change in our fundamental belief in the future growth of this asset.
These were difficult but necessary decisions in a year of difficult operating conditions – and ultimately, for News Corporation,
a year of real success. As a result of the positive momentum at nearly all our key businesses, our Company’s balance sheet is exceptionally strong. The sale, in October 2001, of our 49.5 percent stake in Fox Family Worldwide for US$1.7 billion added US$1.3 billion to our cash reserves. Moreover, our increased free cash flow for the full year, which rose to US$1.5 billion, enabled us to pay down debt while providing us with great stability and flexibility going forward. This fiscal strength will be all the more advantageous should our advertising markets, which have demonstrated a significant improvement over the past several weeks, continue their return
to health.
Yet more than our balance sheet was bolstered during the past year: indeed, our Company itself
is operating at full strength and to the best of our integrated abilities. The span of our international operations would not be nearly as valuable if it weren’t for our ability to work together, combining the strengths of assets across diverse media indus- tries and the talents of employees across the world. The people of News Corporation – the creators and managers of our properties, the staff who improve our businesses daily and the shareholders whose support and vision we work to reward – are certainly our most valuable assets in every country, every economy and every year. In the past year those people were united by shared challenges and shared principles; it is the result of their hard work that our Company now stands so well- positioned for future success.
As a result of the positive momentum at nearly all our key businesses, our Company's balance sheet is exceptionally strong.
 