S ha r e h o l d e r s ' M e ssa g e
To our shareholders:

We started Fiscal 2010 aware of the challenges inherent in one of the sharpest and most protracted economic downturns in memory. But we were also convinced that such an economic climate presented genuine opportunities for a healthy company like ours, and we resolved to make the most of them.
The Year

While our sales reflected generally weak demand, we were pleased with the results we were able to produce through prudent management. Our divisional operators managed their businesses with tremendous skill, keeping inventories and expenses under control and using their slower rate of growth to generate cash.
Bob De n n is

We ended the year in a strong financial position, much improved from where we began. First, we induced the conversion of more than $86 million of convertible notes into equity. Second, through tight control of working capital and an appropriate reduction in capital expenditures, we were able to completely pay down our revolving credit balance. As a result, we ended the year with $82 million in cash and, for the first time in decades, no debt on the balance sheet. In addition to strengthening the balance sheet, careful management of expenses across the Company and improvements in gross margin in many of our businesses produced earnings in excess of both our plans and external expectations for the year. Reflecting our belief that the business climate represented a "glass half full," we focused on improving our longer term prospects. We reacted to the economic fallout by closing some of our worst performing stores, negotiating lower rents in others, and improving our internal processes to lower store construction costs, which will reduce future depreciation expense. We have learned lessons in this process that should help us to operate more efficiently even when the economy fully recovers.
The Future

Looking forward, we plan to continue building on three fundamental strategic principles. First, we believe that our defining strength is operating niche consumer businesses that are difficult for others to replicate. We believe our existing businesses meet this test, and we look to continue to grow them wherever possible. We are focused, Company-wide, on efforts to improve our operating margin, which has come in around 5% for the past three years. Given the power of the niche positioning of our businesses, we believe we should be able to achieve operating margins at least in the historical range of 8% to 9% as the economic recovery progresses and we build on the strategic and operational improvements we have made. Second, we continue to look for opportunities that leverage our existing, carefully targeted central support structure and that complement or extend the reach of our existing businesses. Even as we test new geographic markets, we recognize that we can no longer depend on rolling out more and more Journeys and Lids stores as our prime source of longer-term growth. As an example of how we seek to supplement our organic growth, our division formerly known as Hat World has enjoyed particular success, both in acquiring regional chains to enhance the coverage of the original retail hat business of its Lids stores and also in adding compatible lines of business, such as the team dealer operation now known as Lids Team Sports and the chain of retail fan shops now called Lids Locker Room. We have renamed the division "Lids Sports"

4

to reflect the new strategic position that these additions have given it. Our goal is to have sports-oriented customers think of Lids as a primary resource, whether they are thinking of the teams they play for or the teams they root for. We continue actively to pursue opportunities to grow each of the three major components of this division through acquisitions. Additionally, we are open to similar opportunities for the Journeys Group, Johnston & Murphy Group, and Licensed Brands to acquire businesses that complement their existing operations or leverage their skill sets. As our third and final strategic principle, we intend to maintain an entrepreneurial environment where growth-oriented leaders and their businesses can thrive. We achieve this by driving down responsibility and accountability into our divisions and rewarding these operating business units using EVA-based performance measures. We seek to encourage responsible entrepreneurship in our operations by offering an uncapped annual incentive based upon improving profits and asset utilization, with appropriate "banking" and recapture provisions in case of deterioration in subsequent years, to discourage excessive risk taking and an overly short-term focus. With this overall approach, we attract and retain talented managers willing to "bet on themselves." A large measure of our success during Fiscal 2010 is a reflection of the Company's outstanding management team, whose talent, experience, and commitment are unparalleled. I salute the entire team, and am fortunate to have them as colleagues. Finally, I want to recognize our retiring chairman, Hal Pennington. The current strength of Genesco, which has become even more evident in the past year, bears witness to Hal's focus as CEO on improving the Company's strategic position. Most important, Hal's integrity and character and his commitment to Genesco throughout his more than 48 years with the Company have made him a model of leadership and have left a permanent imprint on Genesco's special culture. I am honored to follow him as Genesco's chairman and look forward to continuing to draw on his experience and insight in the year ahead. We enter Fiscal 2011 with good momentum, well positioned to capitalize on what we hope is an improving economy. I am confident that our leadership team and employees are united in their commitment in building on the foundation we laid in Fiscal 2010. I look forward to reporting to you on our progress.

Robert J. Dennis Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Genesco Inc.

EVA® Genesco has been an EVA company since 1999. EVA advances the analysis of operating performance one step beyond profitability by taking efficiency in capital usage into account. Essentially, EVA recognizes that companies create the most wealth for their shareholders by making the greatest possible profit with the fewest possible net assets. In fiscal 2010 we did not exceed our annual EVA improvement goal. Because everyone at Genesco recognizes the link between EVA improvement, shareholders wealth creation (and, not insignificantly, our own incentive compensation), we are committed to continue growing earnings while tightly managing assets, to meet or exceed our EVA improvement goals.  EVA is a registered trademark of Stern Stewart & Co

5

