The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Genesco Inc.
We have audited Genesco Inc. and Subsidiaries’ inte
rnal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2013, based on
criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Or
ganizations of the
Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Genesco In
c. and Subsidiaries’ management is responsible for
maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting
, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of in
ternal control over financial
reporting included in the accompanying Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reportin
g. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting based on our audit
We conducted our audit in accordance with the stand
ards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform th
e audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects. Our audit included obtaining
an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing
and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other proc
edures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporti
ng is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparat
ion of financial statements for external purposes i
n accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance w
ith generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regar
ding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or dete
ct misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
In our opinion, Genesco Inc. and Subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial
reporting as of February 2, 2013, based on the COSO
criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Boar
d (United States),
the consolidated balance sheets of Genesco Inc. and
Subsidiaries as of February 2, 2013 and January 28
, 2012, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and equity for each of the th
ree fiscal years in the
period ended February 2, 2013, and our report dated
April 3, 2013, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Nashville, Tennessee
April 3, 2013