Dear Fellow Shareholder: In 2015, General Dynamics had a year of solid growth, operating excellence and record-setting financial results. Our focus on continuous improvement throughout our operations and the wise deployment of capital yielded the highest operating earnings, operating margin, return on sales and earnings per diluted share in the company's history. Revenue increased 2 percent in 2015 over the prior year with growth in both the aerospace and defense businesses. In addition to delivering strong financial results, we booked new orders across our portfolio, adding to the already robust backlog and providing additional growth for the future. Operating earnings increased 7.4 percent in 2015 to $4.2 billion on sales of $31.5 billion. Our operating margin of 13.3 percent was 70 basis points higher than 2014. We earned a return on sales of 9.4 percent, a return on invested capital of 17.4 percent, a return on assets of 8.8 percent and a return on equity of 26.4 percent, all up from the prior year. Our earnings per diluted share of $9.08 increased by 16 percent from 2014. As you can see in our financial statements, 2015 was a very strong year for General Dynamics. Net cash in 2015 from operating activities totaled $2.5 billion, and free cash flow, defined as net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations less capital expenditures, was $1.9 billion. Your company continued making internal investments where appropriate for future growth, including support for new programs in the Aerospace and Marine Systems groups. We also paid $873 million in dividends and repurchased 22.8 million shares of common stock for $3.2 billion. Overall, 2015 was a year of outstanding operational execution with contributions from each of our business segments. Aerospace increased revenue by 2.3 percent, earnings by 5.9 percent and operating margin by 70 basis points. The group demonstrated strong operating leverage and also had good order intake for Gulfstream aircraft across the portfolio of new and in-production models.

At Combat Systems, earnings were up 2.3 percent, a 60 basis point improvement in operating margin. Revenue was down modestly from the prior year due to foreign currency translation from the strong U.S. dollar. Marine Systems had very strong revenue growth of 9.6 percent compared to 2014, which in turn was a significant growth year. Marine Systems operating earnings increased by 3.6 percent, resulting in a 9.1 percent margin for the year. The Information Systems and Technology group improved its margin 150 basis points on a 15 percent increase in operating earnings on slightly lower revenue. Throughout the year, we experienced continued demand for our products and services, adding new wins to our backlog across the portfolio. The actions we have taken to right-size and restructure our defense businesses over the past several years lowered our expenses and increased our competitive advantage. Considering the 58 percent increase in backlog in 2014, our current competitive structure and the continued interest and need for our aerospace offerings, we are very well positioned in our markets. This robust backlog provides stability into the future and we expect to execute on it in 2016 and beyond with the same operational focus and diligence we have demonstrated over the past three years. In closing, our commitment to improving margins, generating cash and increasing return on invested capital, resulted in strong financial results. For 2016, we will remain committed to this proven strategy; we will deliver on our durable backlog while maintaining focus on operational excellence and continue disciplined capital deployment. As we look to the future, in 2017 and beyond, we expect to achieve meaningful growth and higher earnings for our businesses and shareholders.

Phebe N. Novakovic Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2016

