Dear Fellow Shareholder: At the beginning of 2013, your leadership team committed to improving operating performance and engaging in wise capital deployment. We delivered on our promise of strong performance. We managed your company prudently, adjusting our business to reflect the realities of the current defense spending environment and retiring risk throughout the company. Our focus on expanding margins and the efficient conversion of earnings into cash was successful, resulting in increases to return on sales, return on invested capital, return on assets, and return on equity. We begin 2014 with a commitment to hold steadfast to this course and to continue to drive excellence across your company. In 2013, operating earnings from continuing operations were $2.5 billion on sales of $31.2 billion, an operating margin of 11.8 percent. This resulted in a return on sales of 8 percent, return on invested capital of 16.6 percent, return on assets of 7.1 percent and return on equity of 20.1 percent. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $3.1 billion, an increase of 15.6 percent over 2012. Free cash flow, defined as net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations less capital expenditures, was $2.7 billion, which represents 107 percent of earnings from continuing operations. As a result of strong cash generation, the company ended the year with cash and short-term investments well in excess of our long-term debt. Our strong and sustainable cash flows, and the strength of General Dynamics' balance sheet, allow us to return capital to shareholders. In 2013, we declared $789 million in dividends and repurchased more than 9.4 million shares on the open market. In January 2014, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase plan for 11.4 million shares and in February, the Board of Directors gave management the authority to purchase an additional 20 million shares. In March 2014, the Board increased the dividend by 10.7 percent from $0.56 per share to $0.62 per share, the 17th consecutive annual increase. These actions demonstrate our commitment to return value to investors, while still maintaining our strategic agility, ample liquidity and strong credit ratings, all supported by a solid balance sheet. Each of our businesses contributed to a successful and productive year. Our Aerospace group had an especially strong year with revenue growth of 17.4 percent and operating margins of 17.4 percent. Increased deliveries of the newest Gulfstream aircraft models, the G650 and G280, helped support the growth in revenue. Operational improvements throughout the segment, combined with excellent execution on new aircraft programs, generated more than 500 basis points of margin expansion in 2013. Jet Aviation became cash positive and returned to profitability this year. Demand for new aircraft, continued interest in our mature models, and new outfitting projects for Jet Aviation resulted in a well-diversified backlog. Gulfstream's and Jet

Aviation's service businesses both performed well, reducing expenses and supporting a growing global customer base. Overall, 2013 was a very good year for our Aerospace group. Combat Systems' results were a story of declining revenue and outstanding operational cost and margin performance. The revenue decline we experienced throughout the year was due to the impact of sequestration, budget uncertainty and the government shutdown, which slowed U.S. Army spending. Nonetheless, operating performance across each of our three Combat businesses was extremely strong. Productivity improvements along with restructuring our European Land Systems business, consolidating the Armaments and Technical Products business into the Ordnance and Tactical Systems business, and rightsizing the Land Systems business all contributed to strong operating leverage. As we go forward, we will continue to adapt our businesses to any changes in the market. We signed an order with the government of Canada in February for $10 billion and up to $13 billion if all options are exercised, for the supply of armored vehicles and other products to an international customer. This order offers improved revenue stability in Combat Systems, even beyond 2017 when the U.S. Army plans to begin recapitalizing its forces. This award capitalizes on the expertise of several of General Dynamics' businesses including all three businesses in Combat Systems and our C4 Systems business, demonstrating continued global demand for our core ground combat products, munitions and services. In Marine Systems, revenue increased 2 percent to $6.7 billion and margins were an industry leading 9.9 percent. The group delivered consistent results throughout the year as all of the shipyards performed well. The group added seven new Jones Act ships to backlog in 2013, bringing the total commercial orders to $1.2 billion. This business is a nice complement to our Navy shipbuilding and a growth opportunity for the group. As the Pentagon shifts attention to strategic naval assets, Marine Systems is well positioned to deliver ships, maintenance, overhaul and repair services to support our U.S. fleet. The group ended the year with $16.9 billion in backlog, which we will increase dramatically in 2014 when we sign the Virginia Class Submarine Block IV contract anticipated to be almost $18 billion. Our Information Systems and Technology (IS&T) business performed very well in a difficult environment. Revenue was $10.3 billion, up 2.5 percent with margins of 7.7 percent. The overall margin rate reflects the increasing proportion of revenue contributed by our lower-margin services business. Revenue for 2014 is likely to be down about 20 percent as we reported in our 2013 fourth-quarter earnings call. Almost all of the projected revenue is in our backlog and we expect margins to continue to improve, as all of our businesses drive costs lower. Even with potential top-line compression in the short-term, IS&T remains a solid producer for our overall portfolio, generating significant cash with

scalable overhead across a diverse group of products and services. Long-term demand for tactical communications, complex IT services and integration, as well as ISR, cyber security and mission systems, has not diminished and the operational changes implemented in 2013 position IS&T to execute on these opportunities in the future. In closing, your company delivered a year of improved and strong operational performance in 2013. 2014 is shaping up to be another productive year. We will remain dedicated to continued expense management, improving earnings, expanding margins and managing for cash. Your leadership team remains focused on the fundamentals that have driven our company's success over the years: earnings, free cash flow, disciplined capital deployment and return on invested capital. The actions we took this year to right-size our business, across the organization and at corporate headquarters, will support your company's ability to navigate the opportunities and challenges ahead. We will also continue our relentless focus on creating value for our shareholders, by improving operations and wisely deploying our capital.

Phebe N. Novakovic Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2014

