LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Dear Fellow Shareholders, 2010 was a very good year for General Dynamics. Our company's performance was marked by solid earnings growth, strong cash generation and focused execution across our four operating groups. For the year, company revenues were $32.5 billion, a modest increase from 2009, while operating earnings grew 7 percent to $3.95 billion. Our Aerospace segment led earnings growth with an impressive 22 percent improvement reflecting a healthier business-jet market. Each of our three defense segments also improved earnings, with our Combat Systems and Information Systems and Technology groups each exceeding $1 billion again in 2010. Free cash flow totaled $2.6 billion, after capital expenditures and contributions to our pension funds. This robust cash flow represents 100 percent of earnings from continuing operations, maintaining our trend of efficient cash conversion. Report on Operations These operating results reflect our commitment to disciplined execution. General Dynamics' leadership remains focused on the same elemental principles that have enabled our success over the years: driving growth in our core businesses, enhancing margins through continuous improvement initiatives, managing for profitability and efficiently converting our earnings to deployable cash.

Aerospace Aerospace performed exceptionally well in 2010. The group's success was rooted in aggressive actions taken in 2009 to reduce production, rightsize operations and cut costs. These actions afforded the group significant operating leverage as market conditions improved following the severe downturn caused by the global economic crisis. Group revenues were $5.3 billion in 2010, up modestly from 2009 due primarily to improving demand for aircraft services across our global network. Operating earnings grew over 20 percent to $860 million as margins expanded to 16.2 percent. Excellent execution, improved pricing and the absence of aircraft trade-in losses drove the increased profitability. Backlog at year end was $17.8 billion. Order activity and aircraft-services demand improved throughout the year as financial markets stabilized and our customers gained confidence in the global economic recovery. Likewise, defaults slowed significantly as the year progressed. We expect these trends to continue in 2011. Aerospace's backlog and opportunity pipeline remain robust and diverse by both customer type and geography. Our large-cabin G450 and G550 order book is at about 18 to 24 months from new order to delivery, while backlog for our new G650 aircraft reaches well beyond 2015. Once again, 2010 customer orders were primarily international, geographically diverse and particularly strong in emerging markets. Orders continue

?]f]jYd<qfYea[k9ffmYdJ]hgjl*()(

3

to come predominately from privately-held companies and individuals, although we are seeing Fortune 500 companies increasingly returning to the market. Aerospace's product-development efforts remained on track in 2010. Our two newest aircraft, the G250 and G650, surpassed a number of critical milestones and amassed hundreds of flying hours as each model progresses toward FAA and EASA certification and initial-stage deliveries later this year. Our commitment to continuous innovation and product development remains steadfast. In anticipation of further growth in the global business-aviation market, we have begun a $500 million, seven-year expansion of Gulfstream's Savannah campus. This investment is critical as it will ensure that Gulfstream remains well-positioned at the forefront of the business-jet aviation market. The group's service business enjoyed 15 percent sales growth in 2010 as steady improvement in business-jet flying hours drove aftermarket demand. Our Gulfstream and Jet Aviation centers provide turnkey services to customers in over 40 locations around the world. In 2010, we continued to expand and improve our service network to ensure that it grows in lockstep with our expanding international customer base. Excellent service is a distinguishing factor of the Gulfstream brand, and we remain committed to delivering best-in-class support.

The Aerospace group is poised for double-digit top-line growth in 2011 as our service business grows and our large-cabin aircraft deliveries increase, driven by the introduction of the G650. Looking to the future, this group will remain the company's growth engine as we increase production of our new aircraft and our global service business benefits from a larger, more diverse installed base. Combat Systems Combat Systems led the company in operating earnings in 2010, delivering $1.3 billion of earnings. The group's earnings performance is particularly noteworthy in light of a lower $8.9 billion revenue base. Sales and earnings were derived primarily from core, mature production programs which remained stable in 2010, while demand for the group's developmental and Mine-Resistant, Ambush-Protected (MRAP) vehicle programs declined. Productivity improvements across the group's businesses helped margins expand 130 basis points to 14.4 percent. Combat Systems' year-end backlog totaled $11.8 billion, of which $10.9 billion is fully funded. Orders in 2010 spanned the group's product portfolio, including $2.9 billion for an assortment of weapons systems and ammunition programs and $3.8 billion for tracked and wheeled vehicle programs, including the Abrams tank, the Stryker combat vehicle and the EAGLE tactical

10­YEAR TOTAL RETURN

EPS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

200% 150% 100% 50% 0% -50%

$7 6 $ 5.10 $ 4.20

$ 6.22

$ 6.82 $ 6.20

GD 115% KH9]jg/. KH-(()-

5 4 3 2

2000

2010

1 0 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010

4

?]f]jYd<qfYea[k9ffmYdJ]hgjl*()(

vehicle. Stryker and Abrams remain critical components of the U.S. Army's fighting force. Our engineers are continuously evolving our products to incorporate operational lessons learned and to provide greater effectiveness, survivability, mobility, fuel efficiency and soldier comfort. The group's Stryker double-V hull, which affords significantly enhanced troop protection without altering the vehicle's performance, demonstrates this type of vehicle evolution. Following our submission of this innovation to our customer in early 2010 and subsequent testing, we received orders for the improved double-V-hulled vehicles. These vehicles are scheduled to deploy overseas in mid-2011, just 18 months after our initial proposal. Approximately 40 percent of Combat Systems' year-end backlog represents orders for international vehicles, including work for our indigenous Canadian and European customers and for our export markets. We received an array of international vehicle awards in 2010, and we expect additional orders in 2011 which will further solidify this backlog. Our growing international workload comprises several sizeable tank and light armored vehicle programs and extends several years, providing solid growth in these markets. In addition to the group's year-end backlog, we have $4.6 billion of unexercised options and potential orders,

known as indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) awards, which we expect to convert to orders over time. Those awards include two notable additions in 2010: a multiple-year Hydra rocket award and the United Kingdom's Specialist Vehicle program, which the group is developing together with the Information Systems and Technology segment. Combat Systems' core businesses remain well-positioned in a defense environment where incumbency and relevance matter. While clarity in the group's markets is less extensive than it has been in recent years, the group's healthy backlog, international pursuits and opportunity set, including vehicle upgrades and equipment reset, position it well moving forward. Combat Systems' operational performance in 2010 highlights its unwavering commitment to innovation, manufacturing excellence and earnings generation. Marine Systems The Marine Systems group excelled in 2010, including delivering one Virginia-class submarine, two T-AKE combat-logistics ships, two commercial product carriers and one Arleigh Burke-class DDG-51 destroyer. Additionally, the group's work increased on several U.S. Navy programs, including the Zumwalt-class DDG-1000 destroyer, the next-generation ballistic

REVENUE BY GROUP (in billions)

OPERATING EARNINGS (in billions)
$3.9

BACKLOG (in billions)

$ 35 $ 29.3 30 $ 24.1 25 20 $ 27.2

$ 32.0

$ 32.5

$4 $3.1 3 $2.6

$3.7

$3.7

$ 105 90 75 60 45 $ 56.8 $ 61.3

$ 91.0 $ 83.1 $ 81.3

2
15 10 5 0 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010

1

30 15

0

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

0

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

Aerospace Marine

Combat IS&T

Estimated Potential Contract Value Unfunded Funded

?]f]jYd<qfYea[k9ffmYdJ]hgjl*()(

5

missile submarine and the Virginia-class submarine, which will soon achieve a two-per-year build rate. For the year, the group's revenues were $6.7 billion and earnings were $674 million, each reflecting 5 percent improvement from 2009. Margins were 10.1 percent, a clear demonstration of our shipyards' enduring commitment to continuous improvement and managing for profitability. Marine Systems' backlog decreased to $20.1 billion in 2010. Backlog fluctuations are typical for this group because our shipbuilding customers place large orders that provide work over multi-year periods. We anticipate adding several contracts to backlog in 2011, including two more DDG-1000 ships, another DDG-51 and the first Mobile Landing Platform (MLP). In addition to the Navy construction workload, the group continues to enjoy success in repair work and commercial programs. Our shipyards provide comprehensive overhaul, repair and lifecycle support services to Navy surface ships and submarines. The Marine group's ability to consistently deliver repaired Navy assets in a timely and affordable manner positions us to continue to win new work as the Navy fleet increasingly confronts age and obsolescence challenges. In 2010, the group completed construction of the final two ships of a five-ship commercial product carrier contract. Each of the vessels was delivered substantially ahead of schedule and under budget. Given the success of this program, the age of the commercial shipping fleet and pending environmental regulations, we anticipate competing successfully for new opportunities. Marine Systems' longer-term outlook remains robust and includes opportunities to build additional submarines, destroyers, auxiliaries and commercial ships. These opportunities, when combined with the group's current backlog and solid customer and congressional support, position our shipyards for continued success. Information Systems and Technology Information Systems and Technology (IS&T) remains the company's revenue leader and was the fastest-growing
6 ?]f]jYd<qfYea[k9ffmYdJ]hgjl*()(

segment in 2010. Revenues grew 7.5 percent to $11.6 billion, including almost 6 percent organic growth. Volume was particularly strong in IS&T's battlefield communications and information technology (IT) modernization programs. Earnings exceeded $1.2 billion as the group maintained a healthy 10.5 percent margin, an impressive accomplishment given its growing IT-service workload and highly competitive, fast-moving markets. Demand for products across IS&T's portfolio continued in 2010 as the group received the highest level of orders in its history. As a result, the group ended the year with a backlog of $9.8 billion. This backlog does not include $15.2 billion of unexercised options and IDIQ awards which generally convert to backlog over time. Together, backlog and estimated potential contract value grew 8 percent in 2010 to $25 billion. IS&T's revenues are diverse by market segment, business mix, contract type and customer. The group received a number of key awards from non-U.S. defense customers in 2010, including multiple cyber awards for various intelligence community customers, several health-IT awards for customers including the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, and an award to develop and integrate seven prototype vehicles for the U.K. Specialist Vehicle program. We continued to evolve and tailor IS&T's product and service offerings in 2010, including divesting non-core satellite operations and adding two businesses that enhance our U.S. and U.K. tactical communications portfolio. The group's opportunity pipeline in fastgrowing markets, including federal/civil information technology, enhanced battlefield communications and cyber security, remains robust. Current backlog and IDIQ opportunities, and continued success in capturing new awards, position IS&T for continued growth. Defense Market Environment We are operating in an increasingly dynamic and uncertain threat environment, complicated by daunting U.S. and global economic and budgetary challenges. While the level of U.S. defense spending will be impacted by these fiscal realities, there is not a foreseeable peace

dividend. The missions U.S. forces are carrying out today in order to respond to terrorist threats, peer competitors, regional instability, cyber warfare and continuous challenges to global economic access, demand appropriate funding. We feel confident about our diverse defense portfolio in this environment, particularly given our incumbency in Army and Navy force structures and our vast defense industrial-base footprint. For fiscal year 2011, the President requested $549 billion for the Department of Defense, including approximately $189 billion for investment accounts, which supportour core programs. At this time, the Congress has not yet approved 2011 funding, and the U.S. government is operating at fiscal year 2010 funding levels under a Continuing Resolution. Although a variety of outcomes are possible, we anticipate that the Congress will ultimately approve a 2011 Defense Department budget. For fiscal year 2012, the President has requested Defense Department base-budget funding of $553 billion, including $188 billion for investment accounts. Through 2015, the base defense budget is expected to remain essentially flat in real terms. Pentagon efficiency initiatives have sought to enable modest investment account growth within that flat top line. Mature production programs remain the priority as our customer aims to evolve relevant platforms in ways that increase warfighter effectiveness at less cost and lower risk. When added to our existing backlog, orders funded by these budgets will help sustain our defense businesses. Capital Deployment Allocating and deploying capital in a manner that maximizes shareholder value is my paramount focus. In 2010, we continued to invest in our businesses by spending $1.1 billion on product development, capital expenditures and three acquisitions that enhance our IS&T and Combat Systems portfolios. We also provided $631 million in dividend payments and spent $1.2 billion repurchasing 18.9 million of our outstanding shares. Through our 2010 dividend payments and share repurchases, we returned over two-thirds of free cash

to shareholders. The Board of Directors recently raised the quarterly dividend 12 percent to $0.47, the 14th consecutive increase in as many years. Strong cash from operations enabled us to pay down $700 million in debt in 2010 and reduce year-end net debt by nearly $900 million. Our strong balance sheet and excellent cash outlook provide us ample flexibility to continue to improve our financial performance through the judicious and balanced deployment of capital. In Closing Our company's unique business model enables our business leaders to remain entrepreneurial and agile in today's fluid business environment. Collaboration across our aerospace and defense businesses continues to create synergies that enhance our affordability, productivity and competitiveness. As we look to the future, current backlog, pending orders and our extensive force structure presence will help to sustain our defense business even in a flat to modestly declining defense spending regime. The solid earnings and cash flow generated by our defense businesses will be complemented by attractive growth from our Aerospace segment as we deliver new Gulfstream products and the business-aviation market accelerates. Your leadership team appreciates your confidence in General Dynamics and remains dedicated to executing on our backlog and identifying opportunities that will create the greatest long-term value for you ­ our shareholders.

Jay L. Johnson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 14, 2011

?]f]jYd<qfYea[k9ffmYdJ]hgjl*()(

7

