The story behind Golden West’s performance in
2003 involves how we executed the Company’s
unique business model in an environment
dominated by the lowest interest rates since the
Eisenhower administration in the 1950s. Through
skillful operation of the Company under these
unusual conditions, Golden West posted all-time
highs in three important measurements of success:
Record earnings
Diluted earnings per share climbed to $7.14, for
17% growth
over 2002’s $6.12, and, as shown
in the ten-year Summary of Operations on
pages 30-31, marked the ninth straight year
of year-over-year increases.
Record loan originations
Mortgage volume reached $36.0 billion, up 35% from
the $26.7 billion produced in 2002. Adjustable rate
mortgages comprised over 93% of these originations.
Record capital
Net worth rose to $5.9 billion, 18% higher than
the 2002 yearend balance.
Golden West’s business model involves our
functioning as a middleman, gathering funds
with one hand and lending with the other.
Consequently, our results are always affected
by the level and direction of interest rates,
which influence what we pay for deposits and
borrowings and what we charge our loan
customers. In 2003, interest rates fell to the
lowest levels since 1958. In order to understand
the impact of exceptionally low rates on the
unfolding story of how we executed our business
model in 2003, we’ll briefly review trends in
both short- and long-term yields.
The first step is to summarize the actions taken
by the Federal Reserve (Fed) to influence the level of short-term interest rates. Specifically, the Fed
lowered the federal funds (fed funds) rate by a
total of 525 basis points in 2001 and 2002 to
stimulate the then-weak economy. With the
business environment still sluggish at the
beginning of 2003, the Fed made an additional
25 basis point cut in June, thereby reducing the
fed funds rate to 1.0%. These moves had an
impact on our business, because the fed funds
rate influences
yields on short-term and variable
rate instruments,
which, in turn, affect both the
yield on our
adjustable
rate mortgage portfolio
and the cost of our deposits
and borrowings.
The next step is to review changes in long-term
interest rates by examining the behavior of the
Ten-Year U.S. Treasury Note yield, which heavily
influences the rate on fixed-rate mortgages.
In June 2003, the Ten-Year Note bottomed out
at 3.13%. Shortly afterward, the ten-year yield,
which is affected less by actions of the Fed and
more by investor behavior, moved up, finishing
the year 114 basis points above the June trough.
The stimulating effect of lower interest rates
and other government actions began to be felt in
the spring of 2003. The growth of the U.S. Gross
Domestic Product accelerated from a modest
1.4% in the first quarter to 8.2% in the third
quarter and an estimated 4.0% in the fourth.
Unfortunately, job growth lagged the economic
expansion, and unemployment remained around
6% for most of the year, compared with the 4%
level in 2000 and early 2001. Despite disappointing
job creation for much of 2003, the improving
economy and low interest rates produced favorable
conditions for Golden West.
The most significant business
opportunity for us in 2003 occurred
in mortgage lending, as low interest
rates stimulated a record demand
for home loans for two purposes: to
refinance existing mortgages and to
purchase houses. In particular, the low short-
and long-term interest
rates in 2003 facilitated the continuation of the
three-year-old mortgage refinance boom, as
millions of homeowners traded in higher-cost
loans for
new lower-priced ones. Additionally, low
interest rates also continued to bolster home sales,
with a record 7.2 million residences changing
hands in 2003, up 9.5% from the previous
all-time high of 6.5 million set in 2002. As in
recent years, the affordable cost of mortgages
allowed many existing owners to move up to
larger houses. Furthermore, low loan rates made
the dream of homeownership a reality for many
renters, and, as a result, national homeownership
reached its highest level ever at 68.6% of
households, up from 64% in 1990.
Due to the unprecedented consumer demand for
home loans in 2003, national mortgage originations
set an all-time high for the third consecutive year,
with lending on one- to four-family homes reaching
$3.8 trillion, or 53% higher than the pr
evious
record of $2.5 trillion set just a year earlier. To put
these origination figures in perspective, the
$3.8 trillion of mortgages written in 2003 was
equivalent to an astounding 59% of the
$6.5 trillion of single-family housing debt
outstanding at the end of 2002.
Given 2003’s low interest rates, an almost
insatiable craving of consumers to refinance
existing mortgages, and the historically high
demand for home purchases, it is no surprise
that Golden West turned in record loan
origination numbers, which led to the 20%
growth of our mortgage portfolio.
The refinance boom contributed to the pickup
in the economy by putting more money in
consumers’ pocketbooks. Specifically, by replacing
higher-cost mortgages with lower-cost loans,
homeowners reduced monthly payments in the process and thus had more disposable income.
Additionally, borrowers often tapped the equity
in their homes by taking out larger mortgages
or home equity loans to obtain cash they could
invest or spend. Thus, the single-family mortgage
industry was one of the engines that kept the
economy on an upward trajectory in 2003.
To fund our record-setting mortgage originations
and strong portfolio growth, we used a variety
of sources in 2003. Because both mortgage
repayments and sales of fixed-rate loans were
larger than normal, they made the largest
contribution to our funding needs. Consumer
deposits and
capital market borrowings made
up the difference.
Having provided you with an overview
of the year’s background and important
results, we now ask you to turn the
page and read the details of how the
intertwined themes of low interest rates
and the execution of Golden West’s unique business model played out in 2003.