To Our Stockholders, Employees and Friends:

"2012 marks Gilead's 25th anniversary, and I am confident that our innovation, integrity and hard work will allow us to make great progress in the years to come."
­ John C. Martin, PhD, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The past year was one of the most exciting periods in Gilead's nearly 25-year history. We closed 2011 with annual revenues of $8.4 billion, 14 commercial products and a robust pipeline across all of our therapeutic areas. With diverse experiences, backgrounds and perspectives, the contributions of our employees come in many different forms ­ supporting the discovery of new compounds, designing clinical trials, enhancing manufacturing processes, preparing regulatory submissions and overseeing the commercial launch of new products. Individually, our employees focus on achieving excellence in their designated roles. Together, we share one focus, and that is how we can do more to bring new medications in areas of unmet medical need to patients around the world.

Focus on Science
Gilead pursues science with the goal of transforming the treatment of life-threatening diseases. Our research and development effort is the largest it has ever been, with more than 75 Phase 2 and 3 clinical studies evaluating compounds with the potential to become the next generation of innovative therapies for HIV, hepatitis, serious respiratory, cardiovascular and metabolic conditions, cancer and inflammation. In November 2011, we announced the acquisition of Pharmasset, which brought us GS-7977, an oral hepatitis C compound now in Phase 3 clinical trials that expands our existing hepatitis C pipeline. Our goal is to transform the standard of care for patients with hepatitis C by delivering an all-oral regimen that eliminates the need for weekly injections of interferon. The acquisition of Pharmasset has significantly accelerated the pace with which we could deliver on this goal, and we have integrated the GS-7977 Phase 3 studies into our R&D program.

In 2011, we saw record revenues for Atripla, Truvada, Ranexa, Letairis, Cayston and AmBisome.

Left to Right: Kevin Young CBE, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations; Robin L. Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Norbert W. Bischofberger, PhD, Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer; John C. Martin, PhD, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Gregg H. Alton, Executive Vice President, Corporate and Medical Affairs; Kristen M. Metza, Senior Vice President, Human Resources; John F. Milligan, PhD, President and Chief Operating Officer

10

11

During 2011, important new datasets emerged that further define the clinical profile of our marketed products and investigational compounds.

With the acquisitions of Calistoga Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Arresto Biosciences, Inc., in addition to our research partnership with Yale, we now have a solid foundation in oncology. GS-1101 will enter Phase 3 trials in 2012 and GS-6624 is now being evaluated in three Phase 2 studies for myelofibrosis, pancreatic cancer and colon cancer. The recent purchase of a biologics manufacturing facility in Oceanside, California brings us new expertise in antibody manufacturing and will support our ability to produce clinical supplies for GS-6624 and potential future product candidates. And our partnership with Yale is focused on helping us discover new targets for cancer therapy, as our scientists work together to search for the genetic basis and underlying molecular mechanisms of many forms of cancer.

In August 2011, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Complera, our second single tablet regimen for HIV. In addition, the product was approved in Europe as Eviplera® in November, and we are now in the midst of launching this regimen in several European countries. Additionally, we completed several Phase 3 studies in HIV that helped to advance new once-daily single tablet regimens. In October and November 2011, we filed for U.S. and European approval of Quad. The pivotal trials for this product enrolled over 1,400 patients and took place in 150 sites across four continents. Our teams worked diligently to complete these studies and submitted Quad data to U.S. regulatory authorities in record time, just six weeks after the last patient visit. Comprising four components ­ Viread® and Emtriva® (as Truvada®), our boosting agent (cobicistat) and our integrase inhibitor (elvitegravir) ­ Quad single tablet regimen will be the first to contain an integrase inhibitor. We are preparing to launch this product in the United States in the third quarter of 2012.

We also made important progress this year on our investigational agent GS-7340, a novel prodrug of tenofovir with a much smaller dose that could enable single tablet regimens with HIV drugs that are not currently possible. These could include regimens developed with Gilead products and in collaboration with other companies. For example, in November, we announced a partnership to develop a single tablet regimen combining Janssen's darunavir with Emtriva, GS-7340 and cobicistat. In May 2011, a landmark study known as HPTN 052 provided additional evidence that antiretroviral therapy not only has a role in treating HIV, but also in preventing transmission. Results showed that HIV-infected people who began treatment immediately were 96 percent less likely to transmit the virus to uninfected partners, compared to those who delayed starting treatment. These data have prompted many public health experts to call for the universal offer of treatment to people with HIV immediately upon their diagnosis, and some local health departments have now adopted this policy. Additionally, new data has emerged regarding

the potential use of Truvada to prevent infection in at-risk, HIV-negative individuals ­ an approach known as pre-exposure prophylaxis, or PrEP. Based on the results of several multinational studies conducted by government and academic institutions, Gilead submitted a regulatory filing to FDA in December 2011 for approval of once-daily Truvada to reduce the risk of HIV infection among uninfected adults. In the field of chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection, important five-year data were presented in late 2011, showing that Viread treatment can lead to a reduction in liver fibrosis and a reversal of cirrhosis. Affecting more than 350 million people worldwide, chronic HBV remains a significant global challenge. In cardiovascular disease, we are investigating the expanded use of Ranexa® ­ established as a therapy for stable chronic angina. In November 2011, we initiated a multi-country Phase 3 trial in partnership with the Cardiovascular Research Foundation to evaluate Ranexa in angina patients with incomplete

Focus on Treatment
During 2011, important new datasets emerged that further define the clinical profile of our marketed products and investigational compounds.

In August, the U.S. FDA approved Complera, our second single tablet regimen for HIV.

Gilead is focused on pursuing science with the goal of transforming the treatment of life-threatening diseases.

12

13

The Gilead Access Program now reaches more than 2.1 million developing world patients, representing one-quarter of all patients on HIV treatment worldwide.

revascularization following percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), a patient population at risk for repeat hospitalization and procedures. With this study, we will determine whether the addition of Ranexa to standard therapy reduces the rate of major adverse cardiovascular events. In addition, we are evaluating whether Ranexa may be used to treat patients with both coronary artery disease and diabetes. To further define this potential benefit, we initiated our first Phase 3 study of Ranexa in January 2012 for type 2 diabetes. The focused efforts of employees across our organization's research, commercial, drug safety, regulatory and medical affairs teams helped us achieve an important milestone for Letairis,® a treatment for pulmonary arterial hypertension. In March 2011, FDA agreed to remove the Boxed Warning for the potential risk of liver injury for Letairis based on a collection of more than 7,800 patient years of post-marketing data, as well as data collected through Gilead's LabSync program. This change means that Letairis patients no longer are required to undergo monthly liver monitoring,

reducing the burden of obtaining the test results prior to being given their monthly prescription. Following this change, Letairis sales increased 22 percent over 2010. Finally, we initiated a Phase 3 study to evaluate our cystic fibrosis (CF) therapy Cayston® for the treatment of infections in non-CF bronchiectasis, an obstructive lung disease in which airways become damaged due to infection, leading to poor airflow. Preliminary results are expected in 2013.

Focus on Access
As important to us as developing new products is ensuring that these products are available to patients who need them. The Gilead Access Program now reaches more than 2.1 million developing world patients, representing one-quarter of all patients on HIV treatment worldwide.

Three-quarters of patients in our Access Program are taking generic versions of Gilead products produced by our Indian manufacturing partners. In July 2011 we expanded our agreements with these Indian partners to include future rights to manufacture our pipeline products, including Quad, upon their regulatory approval. These expanded agreements also permit for the first time the sale of generic Viread for the treatment of hepatitis B. Also in July, Gilead became the first company to join the Medicines Patent Pool, an organization established to facilitate expanded access to HIV treatment in the developing world through the sharing of patents. To help fight the neglected tropical disease visceral leishmaniasis (VL), we made a product donation worth more than $8 million to the World Health Organization (WHO) in December 2011. VL affects half a million people each year, and if left untreated is almost always fatal. Gilead is providing WHO with nearly 450,000 vials of AmBisome over five years, which will treat 50,000 patients and support VL control efforts in

endemic areas in the developing world. AmBisome has been commercially available for more than 20 years, and continues to address significant unmet medical needs for systemic fungal infections. As a result of the dedicated efforts of our team in Europe and beyond, AmBisome revenues grew 8 percent in 2011, to $330 million worldwide. In the United States, we continue to support our patient assistance programs, which provide medicines across all therapeutic areas at no cost for low-income, uninsured patients, and a co-pay assistance program to help those who are unable to afford insurance co-pays.

Focus on Results
In 2011, Gilead generated product sales of more than $8.1 billion, a 10 percent increase over 2010. While the majority of our revenue is driven by the continuing successes of Atripla and Truvada as the most-prescribed HIV regimen and product, respectively, in the United States and major European countries,

In 2011, we achieved record market share for our combined HIV portfolio as well as our cardiopulmonary products.

Gilead products are available in more than 150 countries around the world.

14

15

Financial Highlights
Product Sales
($ in millions)

Total Revenues
($ in millions)

         

$9,000 $8,000 $7,000 $6,000 $5,000 $4,000 $3,000 $2,000 $1,000 $ 0 09  10  11 Other Ranexa Letairis AmBisome Antiviral Franchise

         

$9,000 $8,000 $7,000 $6,000 $5,000 $4,000 $3,000 $2,000 $1,000 $ 0 09  10  11

our cardiovascular and respiratory products also provided a larger percentage of our revenues than ever before, with an increase of 33 percent over 2010. I would like to acknowledge the guidance of our Board of Directors and the members of our scientific and medical advisory boards, who have provided their expertise and have helped us to achieve these accomplishments.

I thank our employees, who are reaching millions of people worldwide with life-saving medicines. 2012 marks Gilead's 25th anniversary, and I am confident that our innovation, integrity and hard work will allow us to make great progress in the years to come. Thank you for your continued support of Gilead Sciences. Sincerely,
 $ 4.00  $ 3.50  $ 3.00  $ 2.50  $ 2.00  $ 1.50  $ 1.00  $ .50  $ 0

Earnings per Share

Operating Cash Flow
($ in millions)

     
GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share Non-GAAP Diluted Earnings per Share

$4,000 $3,500 $3,000 $2,500 $2,000 $1,500 $1,000 $ 500 $ 0 09  10  11

John C. Martin, PhD Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

  

09  10  11

Forward-Looking Statement This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements regarding our clinical studies and product candidates, including the anticipated enrollment and completion dates of certain clinical trials and the potential of our product candidates, including any anticipated regulatory approvals and launches. Such statements are predictions and involve risks and uncertainties such that actual results may differ materially. Please refer to Gilead's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, attached to this report, for the risks and uncertainties affecting Gilead's business. Gilead disclaims, and does not undertake, any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements in this report.

·Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for 2009 excluded the after-tax impact of acquisition-related expenses of $0.05, the after-tax impact of restructuring expenses of $0.04 and the after-tax impact of stock-based compensation expenses of $0.15. ·Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for 2010 excluded the after-tax impact of acquisition-related expenses of $0.16, the after-tax impact of restructuring expenses of $0.03 and the after-tax impact of stock-based compensation expenses of $0.17. ·Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for 2011 excluded the after-tax impact of acquisition-related expenses of $0.11, the after-tax impact of restructuring expenses of $0.01 and the after-tax impact of stock-based compensation expenses of $0.18.

16

17

