To Our Stockholders, Employees and Friends,

(From left to right) Front row: KEVIN YOUNG; NORBERT W. BISCHOFBERGER, PhD; GREGG H. ALTON, JD Back row: JOHN F. MILLIGAN, PhD; WILLIAM A. LEE, PhD; ANTHONY D. CARACCIOLO; JOHN C. MARTIN, PhD; TAIYIN YANG, PhD; JOHN J. TOOLE, MD, PhD

Stepping Up
For all of us at Gilead, to step up to the next level requires taking personal responsibility to meet new challenges and opportunities, to accelerate the progress of our discoveries and developments, and to further our long-term goals and objectives. Individually and collectively, we set our standards high in order to achieve more each year and to deliver on our mission of advancing the care of patients with lifethreatening diseases. In 2005, our focus on stepping up was a catalyst for continued success across all aspects of our business, as evidenced by record revenue of $2.0 billion, including product revenue of $1.8 billion. These financial results are a reflection of the clinical value of our product portfolio, our accomplishments in building productive relationships with our corporate partners and the medical community, and our ability to manufacture, distribute and market our innovative therapies around the world. We could not have achieved these tremendous results without the contributions of each of Gilead's nearly 1,900 employees who work at one of our 14 offices throughout North America, Europe and Australia.

Expanding markets for our treatment-changing HIV products
In 2005, we advanced toward our goal of establishing tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, an active agent in both Viread® (tenofovir disoproxil fumarate) and Truvada® (emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate), as the number one molecule in its class of antiretrovirals. Of the more than 430,000 HIV positive individuals in the United States on antiretroviral therapy, nearly half are taking a Viread-containing regimen. Viread is broadly prescribed across all lines of treatment, and Truvada continues to capture additional market share in patients new to therapy as well as in patients switching from other products. Since Truvada's launch in August 2004, Gilead's HIV franchise has captured a growing share of total U.S. nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) prescriptions, and now represents nearly 40 percent of total prescription market share in the United States. Truvada became the number one branded NRTI in the United States just 13 months after launch and currently captures approximately 60 percent of all new HIV-infected patients beginning therapy. We believe these growth trends result from the ability of our HIV products to provide patients with what they need ­ sustained virologic control ­ and what they want ­ tolerable and convenient once-daily dosing, making both Viread and Truvada preferred treatments. Truvada revenue growth in 2005 also was boosted by its approval in the European Union in February and its subsequent launch in all major European markets throughout the course of the year. Physicians and patients depend on clinical data to develop evidence-based treatment regimens that support long-term HIV management. The clinical trial data presented on our products in 2005 position our HIV portfolio favorably within the marketplace. Forty-eight week data from our Study 934 comparing Viread and Emtriva® (emtricitabine) to Combivir® (zidovudine + lamivudine), both in combination with Sustiva® (efavirenz) highlighted the advantages of Viread/Emtriva over Combivir. These positive data were highlighted in a peer-reviewed paper published in the New England Journal of Medicine in January 2006. In addition, these data were added to the European product label for Truvada in November 2005 and the U.S. product labels for Truvada and Viread in March 2006. Throughout 2005 we worked to increase access to our marketed HIV therapies. We signed a non-exclusive license with Aspen Pharmacare to manufacture Viread and Truvada for resource-limited countries included in the Gilead Access Program, and to distribute the products in Africa; expanded capacity at our manufacturing plant in the Bahamas; enhanced the Gilead Access Program to include additional countries in the Caribbean and Latin America; and significantly reduced the price of Viread and Truvada provided through the Gilead Access Program to $0.57 and $0.87 per day, respectively. We also relocated our European headquarters from Paris, France to London, England. Our new London facility puts us in closer proximity to our Cambridge-based medical, regulatory and safety functions and to our manufacturing and distribution center in Dublin, Ireland. We believe this new location will enhance our ability to provide our products to patients in Europe by facilitating the product approval process and strengthening our commercial initiatives.

Growing our Hepatitis franchise in new and existing markets

In 2005, we continued to expand the market for Hepsera® (adefovir dipivoxil) for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B. Hepsera is the leading antiviral therapy for chronic hepatitis B in the United States, accounting for more than 50 percent of all prescriptions for antiviral drugs. Continued uptake of Hepsera has contributed to a doubling of U.S. monthly prescriptions for all oral hepatitis B therapies since the product was approved in 2002. We presented positive five-year data from Study 438 describing the sustained efficacy and safety of Hepsera in patients with chronic hepatitis B. These data have been submitted to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for inclusion in the U.S. label for Hepsera. Hepsera is also available throughout Europe, which contributes more than 50 percent of Hepsera's worldwide product revenue. We believe that long-term data will continue to confirm Hepsera's profile as a proven, durable treatment for chronic hepatitis B. One of our key strategies to make our drugs available as broadly as possible throughout the world. GlaxoSmithKline, our commercialization partner for Hepsera in outside of the United States and Europe, launched the product in the major Asian market of China during 2005 and is promoting it as first-line monotherapy in most markets.

Advancing our innovative product pipeline
As we expanded the markets for our approved products in 2005, we also stepped up our efforts to discover and develop novel therapies for HIV, hepatitis B virus and hepatitis C virus (HCV). In March 2005 we licensed exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize GS 9137, a novel HIV integrase inhibitor discovered by Japan Tobacco. We initiated and completed a Phase I/II study of this novel compound in patients with HIV in 2005, and plan to initiate a Phase II development program for GS 9137 in the second quarter of 2006. We also made significant progress with our internal integrase inhibitor research program and filed an Investigational New Drug application for our lead development candidate, GS 9160. We commenced a Phase I study of this compound in February 2006. In our hepatitis franchise one of our primary goals is to continue to improve the treatment options for patients with chronic hepatitis B. To that end, in 2005 we initiated two large Phase III trials of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, the active ingredient in Viread, in patients with chronic hepatitis B and anticipate completing enrollment in these studies in late 2006. Gilead is also committed to discovering and developing new treatments for infection caused by the hepatitis C virus. During 2005 we took our first clinical candidate, GS 9132, into a Phase I study in healthy volunteers. This compound was added to our portfolio as a result our collaboration with Achillion Pharmaceuticals and has a novel mechanism of action involving HCV protease. We anticipate moving GS 9132 into a viral dynamics study this year to assess its potential dosing and efficacy. Throughout 2005, in partnership with Bristol-Myers Squibb, we advanced development of the fixed-dose regimen of Truvada and Sustiva for the treatment of HIV. This combination, once approved, would represent the first complete HIV regimen available as a once-daily, fixed-dose tablet. After several unsuccessful attempts in 2005, in January of this year, we announced that we had successfully co-formulated Truvada and Sustiva and obtained data supporting bioequivalence showing that the co-formulated pill delivers the equivalent amount of each drug as if the products were dosed simultaneously as separate pills. This important milestone puts us on track to file for U.S. regulatory approval for the fixed-dose regimen in the second quarter of this year. Once approved, this novel formulation of a complete treatment regimen into one pill will provide HIV patients with unprecedented simplicity in managing their disease. Significantly, by increasing the likelihood that patients in resource-constrained countries might receive a complete course of HIV treatment each day, the fixed-dose regimen will represent an important advance in fighting the global HIV pandemic. We are proud to be part of the solution to a global health challenge that impacts millions of people around the world.

Enhancing the value of our assets and financial resources
Our commitment to global health issues was an important factor in our decision to seek to terminate our 1996 Development and License Agreement for Tamiflu® (oseltamivir phosphate) with Hoffmann-La Roche (Roche). It was also the reason we worked in partnership with Roche to quickly resolve this dispute and modify our collaboration. Tamiflu is the number one prescribed antiviral agent for seasonal influenza and is also a key component of pandemic influenza planning.

Under the new agreement announced in November 2005, Gilead and Roche have established joint committees to oversee manufacturing, commercial and pandemic planning for Tamiflu. We are committed to working together with Roche to expand global supply of this important drug. In addition to improving access to Tamiflu, the expansion of the Roche agreement allows Gilead the option to co-promote the product in the future in the United States, and improves our financial return on worldwide Tamiflu sales by Roche. We now receive a tiered royalty of 14 to 22 percent based on annual worldwide net Tamiflu sales, with no adjustments to this royalty based on cost of goods. The expansion of the Roche agreement is just one example of how we continued the disciplined management of our assets and financial resources in 2005. In July 2005, in partnership with Royalty Pharma, we purchased the royalty interest to emtricitabine, the active ingredient in Emtriva and a component of Truvada, from Emory University. Gilead and Royalty Pharma respectively paid 65 and 35 percent of the one-time $525 million payment. This transaction reduces our royalty obligations on sales of our emtricitabine-containing products and provides us with the potential to capture greater value from these products if our long-term sales projections are achieved. Also, in December 2005, we repatriated $280 million in foreign earnings to the United States under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, which we will re-invest in our U.S. operations. This transaction resulted in a one-time tax benefit of $25 million to Gilead in the fourth quarter of 2005. Our Board of Directors is an essential asset to our strategic planning process, and we enhanced its value in 2005 through the appointments of John F. Cogan and John W. Madigan as board members. Dr. Cogan's expertise in healthcare economic policy and Mr. Madigan's business and finance experience are significant resources that bolster our ability to step up to the challenges of our dynamic industry and healthcare environment. We also would like to extend our gratitude to George P. Shultz for a decade of service on our Board of Directors. Dr. Shultz' contributions have been invaluable to Gilead as our company has grown into a fully-integrated global biopharmaceutical company. Dr. Shultz will continue to serve as a Director Emeritus of Gilead and, in that capacity, will remain an advisor to our Board of Directors. We are fortunate to continue to benefit from his expertise.

Stepping up in 2006
As proud as we are of our achievements in 2005, we entered 2006 asking once again: how can we continue to deliver more to physicians and patients around the world in need of better therapies? In the months to come, we will answer that question by stepping up in the laboratory, the clinic and our commercial markets. In our HIV franchise, we expect to file a New Drug Application for approval of the fixed-dose regimen of Truvada and Sustiva and initiate a Phase II trial for GS 9137. In our hepatitis franchise, we anticipate completing enrollment of the Phase III trials of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate for chronic hepatitis B and initiating a Phase I/II study of GS 9132 in patients with hepatitis C. We also will continue to pursue strategic in-licensing and acquisition opportunities to enhance our current pipeline and potentially enter into new therapeutic areas. Most importantly, we will continue to step up beyond our achievements in 2005, pursuing the opportunity and meeting our obligation to advance patient care further in 2006. Although our goals are ambitious, we are confident that we can help patients better their lives, as long as we at Gilead keep stepping up.

From left to right: Paul Berg, PhD; Nicholas G. Moore; John F. Cogan, PhD; Gayle Edlund Wilson; Etienne F. Davignon; George P. Shultz, PhD (Director Emeritus); John C. Martin, PhD; James M. Denny (Chairman); John W. Madigan; Gordon E. Moore, PhD

John C. Martin, PhD President and Chief Executive Officer

