GILEAD SCIENCES 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

To Our Stockholders, Employees and Friends: Since the founding of our company in 1987, Gilead has focused on developing and delivering medications that advance the treatment of life-threatening diseases worldwide. This is our singular motivation ­ it is why we are here. Our achievements in 2006 are the result of progress that can be traced over many years and, at the same time, create a foundation for continued growth in 2007 and beyond.

In 2006, Gilead's products and partnerships generated more than $3 billion in total revenues. Now in our 20th year, we are pleased with the rapid growth and continued commercial success of our products. And, most importantly, we are proud that through our efforts to deliver innovative therapeutics, we are improving the lives of patients who are suffering from life-threatening diseases. Infectious diseases, in particular, have been the focus of our efforts and the foundation of our business for nearly two decades. This year we leveraged our strong financial position to broaden our product portfolio beyond infectious diseases and position the company for long-term growth. Our acquisitions of Corus Pharma, Inc. and Myogen, Inc., and their investigational and commercial products, will be the cornerstone of our new respiratory and cardiopulmonary portfolio ­ expanding our ability to fulfill our strategic objective of developing and commercializing novel products that deliver therapeutic advancements to physicians and patients around the world.

MARKET LEADERSHIP IN HIV, HEPATITIS B AND INFLUENZA The year 2006 marked the 25th anniversary of the first reported AIDS cases in the United States. Over the course of the last five years, Gilead has contributed to the tremendous progress made in the treatment of HIV/AIDS. Today, our HIV therapies are critical components of the most-prescribed highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) regimens and have contributed to the overall success of this treatment paradigm by helping to greatly reduce pill burden. Backed by years of safety and efficacy data, Viread and Truvada have each carved out leadership positions among HIV treatments. As the first and only complete HAART combination in a once-daily single tablet, Atripla has quickly joined their ranks since its U.S. approval in July 2006. Our HIV franchise, which consists of Viread, Emtriva, Truvada and Atripla, generated more than $2 billion in product sales in 2006.

ADVANCING THERAPEUTICS
1

GILEAD SCIENCES 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

In 2006, nearly 500,000 patients in the United States were receiving antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection. Of these, approximately half were taking one or more Gilead HIV medications. However, the potential for growth remains. Approximately 400,000 people have been diagnosed with HIV but have not yet started treatment, and another 250,000 are estimated to be HIV-infected but are unaware of their status.

Currently, treatment of HIV-positive patients is recommended when plasma HIV viral load exceeds 10,000 copies/mL and CD4 cell counts are between 200 and 350 cells/mm3. Many physicians and virologists now believe that earlier diagnosis and initiation of treatment may improve outcomes and also significantly reduce the spread of the disease. In September 2006, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) took the first step along this path and recommended routine, voluntary HIV screening in healthcare settings for all individuals ages 13 to 64. Improving HIV testing and diagnosis may help raise awareness of the disease, bring more people into care and potentially reduce the rate of new infections. We have also continued to grow our hepatitis franchise, where Hepsera remains the most-prescribed antiviral treatment for chronic hepatitis B in the United States, despite increased competition in this market. Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, the active agent in Viread, is in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B. This compound has the potential to be the growth driver for our hepatitis franchise, much in the same way it has been for our HIV portfolio.

In addition, strong market growth was seen for Tamiflu, a product we invented and co-developed with our partner F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd (Roche) and one that is now sold worldwide by Roche. Tamiflu was initially developed for the treatment and prevention of seasonal flu but is now also seen as a key component in pandemic planning to prepare for the potential spread of the avian flu virus. Largely due to corporate planning and government stockpiling, Roche generated record sales of Tamiflu, resulting in royalty revenue recognized by Gilead of more than $364 million in 2006. ENHANCED PRODUCT PIPELINE We have several drugs in development that could further enhance our HIV and hepatitis franchises. Currently, we have a novel integrase inhibitor, GS 9137, in development for the treatment of HIV. Integrase inhibitors target a different stage in the HIV replication cycle than other currently marketed classes of drugs, and may, in combination with other antiretrovirals, effectively prevent the replication of the virus in the body, particularly resistant virus. We also have a novel compound in early clinical development, GS 9190, to treat hepatitis C.

20 YEARS

Front row (from left to right): James R. Meyers, Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations, North America; Gregg H. Alton,
Senior Vice President and General Counsel; William A. Lee, PhD, Senior Vice President, Research; Anthony D. Caracciolo, Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Operations. Back row: Norbert W. Bischofberger, PhD, Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer; John J. Toole, MD, PhD, Senior Vice President, Clinical Research; Kristen M. Metza, Vice President, Human Resources; A. Bruce Montgomery, MD, Senior Vice President, Head of Respiratory Therapeutics; John F. Milligan, PhD, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Young, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations; John C. Martin, PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer; Taiyin Yang, PhD, Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical Development and Manufacturing.

IMPROVING LIVES
3

GILEAD SCIENCES 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

As we have grown, our strong financial position has enabled us to leverage corporate partnerships to build our portfolio of commercial products and investigational compounds. The 2006 acquisitions of Corus and Myogen added late-stage clinical candidates to our pipeline, providing near- and long-term revenue potential and placing Gilead in an excellent position to enter the respiratory and cardiopulmonary markets.

We completed the acquisitions of Corus and Myogen in the second half of 2006 ­ and welcomed their employees to the team at Gilead. These companies possessed late-stage clinical drug candidates that demonstrated the potential to address significant unmet medical needs in the treatment of respiratory and cardiopulmonary diseases. With the acquisition of Corus in August, we gained a Phase III drug candidate, aztreonam lysine for inhalation, for the potential treatment of cystic fibrosis-related lung infections. Our acquisition of Myogen in November added two promising drug candidates to our development portfolio, ambrisentan for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension and darusentan for the treatment of resistant hypertension. Ambrisentan is currently under review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Additionally, as part of the Myogen acquisition, we gained a commercial therapeutic, Flolan, which is indicated for the long-term intravenous treatment of primary pulmonary hypertension. Through Myogen's existing agreement with GlaxoSmithKline Inc. (GSK), we gained the rights to market and distribute Flolan in the United States.

We believe our experience in registering and commercializing highly differentiated specialty products will enable us to build these products into a successful respiratory and cardiopulmonary portfolio ­ and provide a foundation for near- and long-term growth as we continue to look for additional opportunities to broaden this franchise and augment our existing pipeline. With small molecule therapeutics constituting a significant portion of our development efforts, in November we made the decision to acquire Raylo Chemicals Inc. and most of its assets from Germany-based, specialty chemicals company Degussa AG. For more than 17 years, Raylo generated the raw materials and manufactured the active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) for several of our antiviral compounds. Our new Edmonton, Alberta site will help ensure clinical and commercial API supplies to support our ongoing small molecule development programs and will assist in chemical development activities to improve existing commercial manufacturing processes. WORLDWIDE REACH As our company continues to grow, we are increasingly focused on the commercialization of

our brands and products worldwide. In 2006, we began opening additional commercial operations in Europe to lessen our reliance on distributors and to capture greater revenue from European Union product sales. This expansion will give us the ability to more effectively control the launch and commercialization of our products in these important markets. We recognize the need to enhance access to our HIV medications worldwide and have stepped up our efforts this year to extend their availability to resource-limited parts of the world where the epidemic has hit the hardest. By the end of 2006, we completed regulatory submissions for Viread in nearly all the 97 access program countries and reached non-exclusive license agreements with 11 Indian generic manufacturers to produce and distribute generic versions of Viread in resource-limited countries. We also established a partnership with Merck & Co., Inc. to distribute Atripla in the developing world. In addition, through our Advancing AccessTM program, we continue to support access for patients in the United States who cannot afford to pay for our medications.

LONG-TERM GROWTH We have created an extraordinary product portfolio that is improving the lives of hundreds of thousands of people with unmet medical needs. Innovation in every aspect of our business has enabled us to develop these best-in-class therapeutics and to successfully commercialize them worldwide. We remain focused on developing and commercializing therapies that will continue to transform treatment paradigms in HIV, hepatitis, respiratory and cardiopulmonary diseases. I would like to thank our employees for their contribution to our achievements this year. Ours is a team of inspired individuals who are as committed to improving patients' lives as the physicians who are our primary customers. Quite simply, it is why we are here at Gilead. We are pleased with what we have accomplished this year and look forward to reporting our progress in 2007.

John C. Martin, PhD
President and Chief Executive Officer

5

