To Our Stockholders, Employees and Friends:
The past year marked the 20th anniversary of the founding of our company. We celebrated this milestone by reflecting on how science and medicine have evolved and how our company has grown and changed, but most of all by looking ahead to what we can accomplish in the years to come. This perspective­what we have yet to do, rather than what we have already achieved­is at the core of Gilead's culture.

$4,500 $4,000 $3,500 $3,000 $2,500 $2,000 $1,500 $1,000 $ 500 $ 0

 $ 2,000  $ 1,500  $ 1,000  $ 500  $ 0

05

06

07
GAAP Net Income (Loss) Non-GAAP Net Income

­$ 500 ­$ 1,000

05

06

07

­$ 1,500

TOTAL REVENUE ($ in millions)
 Notes: · The non-GAAP net income for 2005 excluded a one-time tax provision benefit related to a qualified dividend distribution made under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. · The non-GAAP net income for 2006 excluded the impact of the purchased IPR&D expenses of $2.39 billion as a result of the

NET INCOME (LOSS) ($ in millions)

 acquisitions of Corus Pharma, Inc. in August 2006 and Myogen, Inc. in November 2006, as well as the impact of the after-tax stock-based compensation expense of $101.7 million. · The non-GAAP net income for 2007 excluded after-tax stock-based compensation expense of $131.3 million.

Over the last year, we extended our leadership position in the treatment of HIV/AIDS, expanded our product portfolio into new therapeutic areas and began delivering on the potential of key acquisitions made in 2006. We also continued to build our international presence with the opening of new offices. By the time the year was through, we had realized record revenues of more than $4 billion. These development, commercial and business milestones achieved during 2007 will support our efforts in 2008 and beyond to deliver new medicines to patients around the world who are living with serious unmet medical needs. As an innovative, research-based biopharmaceutical company, we have both a scientific and a social contract to fulfill. Our scientific contract centers on discovering therapeutic innovations for life-threatening diseases. With an increasing number of medications on the market and novel therapies in our pipeline, we continued to deliver on this front in 2007. Our social contract is our responsibility to ensure that our innovative medicines are available and accessible to all who can benefit from them.

Maintaining Our Leadership in HIV/AIDS Treatment We have continued to advance our leadership position in HIV/AIDS, making antiretroviral medications that are potent, tolerable and convenient for patients when administered in combination therapy. The medicines comprising Gilead's HIV franchise ­ Viread, Emtriva® , Truvada® and Atripla® ­ are today considered cornerstones of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART). Together, they generated revenues of more than $3 billion in 2007. In December 2007, Atripla received marketing approval in the 27 countries of the European Union, Norway and Iceland. It was approved in Canada two months earlier. During the year, Atripla remained the most-prescribed regimen for patients new to HIV therapy in the United States. Our successful HIV product franchise is being expanded through the addition of novel drug candidates that attack HIV in new ways. Gilead's most advanced pipeline candidate for HIV is the integrase inhibitor elvitegravir (GS 9137), a potential treatment for patients who have developed resistance to existing therapies. Gilead announced the successful completion of a Phase II clinical trial of elvitegravir in early 2007, and Phase III trials are expected to be initiated in 2008.

Gilead's leadership in HIV/AIDS extends beyond our scientific and commercial accomplishments. While many individuals have access to life-saving antiretroviral medications, there is a growing number of new infections in the United States, particularly among minorities. We have focused resources and will continue to expand efforts in 2008 in both the United States and the European Union to support testing, diagnosis and linkages to care programs. We also continue to support community efforts to combat HIV. Early diagnosis and treatment are critical to the long-term health of people living with HIV, and all of us at Gilead are particularly committed to helping our public health partners reach the estimated 300,000 HIV-positive individuals in the United States who are unaware of their infection. Advancing Treatments for Chronic Hepatitis While Hepsera remained the foundation of Gilead's hepatitis product portfolio, results from two pivotal Phase III studies showed that Viread is also effective against chronic hepatitis B, a life-long infection that can lead to liver cancer and cirrhosis and kills more than one million people worldwide each year. Based on these results, Gilead filed regulatory applications in the United States, the European Union, Australia, Canada, New Zealand

and Turkey for Viread for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B. Decisions from the European Medicines Agency and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) are anticipated in the second and third quarters of 2008, respectively. In 2007, we gained a stake in an exciting new category of compounds known as caspase inhibitors, which are showing potential as treatments for chronic hepatitis and other diseases characterized by tissue scarring (fibrosis). Through a licensing agreement with South Korea's LG Life Sciences, Ltd., we acquired commercialization rights to the company's lead compound, LB84451 (now GS 9450), a potential therapy for liver fibrosis associated with chronic hepatitis C, and several other caspase inhibitors in development. Our Expansion into Cardiovascular and Respiratory Health Approved by the FDA in June 2007, Gilead's oncedaily Letairis marked an important advancement in the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Letairis ­ one of the few treatment options available to patients with this often-fatal disease ­ exemplifies Gilead's mission to address unmet medical needs. In addition, we are making significant

16

17

$2,000

$4,000 $3,500

$1,500

$3,000 $2,500

$1,000

$2,000 $1,500

HIV Franchise Hepsera AmBisome Other
Top row (from left to right): John C. Martin, PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer; Norbert W. Bischofberger, PhD, Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer; John F. Milligan, PhD, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Young, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations; Gregg H. Alton, Senior Vice President and General Counsel; Anthony D. Caracciolo, Senior Vice President, Manufacturing and Operations; Paul R. Carter, Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations, International. Bottom row: Richard J. Gorczynski, PhD, Senior Vice President, Cardiovascular Therapeutics; William A. Lee, PhD, Senior Vice President, Research; Kristen M. Metza, Senior Vice President, Human Resources; James R. Meyers, Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations, North America; A. Bruce Montgomery, MD, Senior Vice President, Respiratory Therapeutics; Taiyin Yang, PhD, Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical Development and Manufacturing.

$ 500

$1,000

$

0

05

06

07

$ 500 $ 0

05

06

07

OPERATING CASH FLOW ($ in millions)

PRODUCT REVENUE ($ in millions)

progress in the development of darusentan, which is being evaluated in two Phase III studies as a potential treatment for resistant hypertension, another serious condition. We also made strides in the development of treatments for cystic fibrosis (CF). In November 2007, we submitted a New Drug Application (NDA) for aztreonam lysine for inhalation for the treatment of CF-related lung infections in the United States. Earlier in the year, we entered into an exclusive licensing and co-development agreement with Parion Sciences, Inc. to commercialize P-680 (now GS 9411), a potential treatment for CF and other chronic pulmonary conditions. Even as we expanded into new disease areas, Tamiflu® , discovered by Gilead and marketed worldwide by F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, was the most-prescribed antiviral flu treatment in 2007, and many countries continued to add to their Tamiflu stockpiles as a precaution against potential pandemic influenza. Success in Other Disease Areas Gilead's products continued to benefit patients in several other disease areas in 2007. AmBisome® , our treatment for systemic fungal infections, remained

an important therapeutic option 17 years after it was first introduced in Europe. Vistide® , marketed in the United States by Gilead and internationally by Pfizer Inc., has been an important treatment option for AIDS patients with cytomegalovirus retinitis since 1996. Fulfilling Our Social Contract As we drive forward into new areas of unmet medical need, we are working hard to fulfill our social contract with the public around the world. Gilead is committed to ensuring a drug's price is not a barrier to access. In the United States, we continued to provide support for patients who need our therapies and who are in need of financial assistance through our U.S. Advancing AccessTM and Atripla® Patient Access Program. Additionally, 2007 marked the launch of GileadTMSolutions, a comprehensive set of programs to help PAH patients navigate the reimbursement process and minimize barriers to treatment. In developing countries, we believe our responsibility goes beyond offering substantial price reductions. Through partnerships with Indian drug manufacturers we are encouraging high-quality generic production of our HIV medications to increase supply and

ensure competitive prices in 95 developing countries. We are also supporting clinical research to identify the optimal HIV treatment strategies in resourcelimited nations. And we are putting resources into getting critical healthcare infrastructure up and running. Looking Ahead Over the past 20 years, Gilead's talented worldwide team has helped to improve the health and quality of life for hundreds of thousands of people coping with life-threatening diseases. In 2007, we welcomed many new people to our team through the opening of offices in Austria, Switzerland and Turkey and the establishment of a new manufacturing site in Cork, Ireland. We strengthened our senior leadership team through several promotions, including Norbert W. Bischofberger, PhD to Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer and John F. Milligan, PhD to Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. I would like to thank all of Gilead's nearly 3,000 employees for their dedication to improving global health. I would also like to acknowledge and thank Gilead's Board of Directors for their ongoing active engagement and focus on corporate governance.

As we strive to help more people around the world, having perspective is just the start. Putting that perspective to work to prepare for the future is what really counts. Without question, 2007 was a remarkable year for Gilead ­ and I have every confidence that we will be making even more remarkable progress in the years to come. Sincerely,

John C. Martin, PhD President and Chief Executive Officer

18

19

