To Our Shareholders,
Fiscal 2008 was a strong year for General Mills. We generated broad-based sales and earnings growth, and strengthened our position in markets around the globe. We're pleased to give you this report on our progress in 2008, and our plans for continuing growth in fiscal 2009 and beyond.

Our results in 2008 reflect particularly good sales performance. Net sales for the year ended May 25, 2008, increased 10 percent to $13.7 billion. This was strong growth on top of a 6 percent sales increase the previous year. And each of our major operating divisions contributed to this year's sales gain, as shown in the table below. Broad-based Sales Growth
Operating Division/Segment 2008 Net Sales % Change

Diluted earnings per share grew 17 percent to reach $3.71. This figure includes non-cash gains totaling 19 cents per share from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and a favorable court decision related to a tax matter. Excluding these non-cash items from fiscal 2008 results, diluted earnings per share would total $3.52, up 11 percent from $3.18 per share last year. These sales and profit results exceeded our original financial targets for fiscal 2008. They also measure up very well against the goals we established three years ago for General Mills' long-term growth. Our model calls for low single-digit compound growth in net sales, mid single-digit growth in segment operating profits and high single-digit growth in diluted earnings per share. We believe that this sales and profit growth, coupled with a dividend yield of between 2 and 3 percent of our stock price, should result in returns to our shareholders that meet or exceed the broader market's return over time. General Mills Long-term Growth Model

Big G Cereals Meals Pillsbury USA Small Planet Foods Baking Products Yoplait Bakeries and Foodservice Snacks International Total General Mills

+ 5 + 5 + 5 + 6 + 9 +10 +11 +12 +21 +10

Costs for food ingredients, packaging and energy were significantly higher in 2008. We worked to offset this inflation with comprehensive cost-saving efforts and price increases where necessary. We also increased our spending on advertising and other consumer marketing programs, which help generate consumer awareness and purchase of our brands. Companywide, consumer marketing investment grew 13 percent in 2008. Even with this increased marketing spending and the higher input costs, operating profits from our business segments grew 6 percent to exceed $2.4 billion.

Compound Annual Growth Target

Net Sales Segment Operating Profit Earnings per Share + Dividend Yield Total Return to Shareholders

Low single-digit Mid single-digit High single-digit Double-digit

For the three-year period through fiscal 2008, total return to General Mills shareholders (stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends) averaged 10.1 percent. The average annual return by the S&P 500 stock index over that same time period was 6.7 percent, and the return for our food company peer group averaged 4.4 percent.

2

General Mills

Steve Sanger (left) and Ken Powell (right).

Our long-term performance goals also include a commitment to increase the return we generate on capital invested in the business. Specifically, our goal is to increase return on average total capital (ROC) by 50 basis points per year. We've kept pace with that goal in recent years. For 2008, reported results exceeded that goal, and excluding the benefits of our non-cash commodity and tax gains, we met our 50-basis point improvement target. The key to our improving return on capital is strong earnings growth. But we're also improving ROC by taking a disciplined approach to how much capital we invest in the business. In 2008, we invested $522 million (3.8 percent of net sales) in fixed assets that will support business growth or productivity projects. We expect capital investments to average just under 4 percent of net sales in the years ahead. Superior Returns to Shareholders
(percent growth, stock price appreciation plus dividends) Fiscal 2008 Last 3 Years (compound growth)
+10.1 +6.7 GIS +4.4 +4.4 S&P 500 Index S&P Packaged Foods Index

Beyond this capital investment, we return a significant portion of the cash our businesses generate to shareholders. Dividends in fiscal 2008 totaled $1.57 per share, up 9 percent for the year. Our ongoing share repurchase program has a goal of reducing the number of shares outstanding by an average of 2 percent per year. In fiscal 2008 we exceeded that target: Average shares outstanding were 347 million, down nearly 4 percent from 360 million shares the previous year. In summary, fiscal 2008 was a year of strong performance and progress at General Mills. And we believe our prospects for continued good growth and increasing returns are excellent. The Drivers of our Continuing Growth We're building strong brands. Our brands are generating increasing sales in markets all around the world. In the United States, we hold the No. 1 or No. 2 market position in a wide variety of shelf-stable, refrigerated and frozen food categories. We work continuously to improve our established brands and to create successful new products. We ask consumers to regularly taste test our products, head-to-head with competitive offerings including private label. Our goal is to have at least 60 percent of consumers prefer our brand, and we work to improve those brands that fall short. We're also improving the nutritional profile of our products by reducing fat, sodium or sugar, and adding ingredients such as fiber and whole grains. Since 2005, we have improved the nutritional attributes for products representing 40 percent of our U.S. Retail business.

­3.0

­7.4

Annual Report 2008

3

U.S. Retail Leading Market Positions
Category 2008 Dollar Share % Rank

International Net Sales (dollars in millions) Net sales for our wholly owned international businesses combined with our proportionate share of ongoing joint venture net sales exceeded $3.7 billion in 2008.
2,321 2,584

Dry Dinner Mixes Refrigerated Dough Fruit Snacks Dessert Mixes Refrigerated Yogurt Ready-to-serve Soup Ready-to-eat Cereal Granola Bars/Grain Snacks Frozen Hot Snacks Microwave Popcorn Frozen Vegetables Mexican Products
ACNielsen measured outlets

78 70 54 42 36 34 30 27 26 25 20 18

1 1 1 1 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2

Our Share of CPW and Häagen-Dazs Joint Ventures* Wholly Owned Businesses *Not consolidated. See page 89 for discussion of non-GAAP measures.

04 05 06 07 08

New products are an important contributor to our growth. We're working to identify bigger ideas, and new items whose sales will be largely incremental to our existing business. In 2008, we had several standout new products, including Progresso Light soups and Fiber One snack bars in the U.S. and Dolce frozen desserts in Japan. In total, new products accounted for more than 5 percent of U.S. Retail net sales in 2008, and we estimate that over half of those sales were incremental to our existing business. For our International business segment, new products contributed 8 percent of net sales in 2008. We're supporting our new and established brands with increased levels of consumer marketing investment. Consumerdirected marketing reinforces those key attributes that distinguish our brands from competitors' products. This investment also supports growth in sales for our brands at everyday prices, rather than at promotional discounts. In 2008, baseline (or nonpromoted) sales for our major U.S. Retail product lines grew 4 percent overall, with stronger increases in categories such as yogurt, grain snacks and ready-to-serve soup. We're partnering with our retail and foodservice customers more effectively than ever before. In 2008, we generated mid single-digit sales growth in traditional U.S. grocery store accounts. Our sales grew at double-digit rates in retail channels such as supercenters, drug and discount stores, and dollar format stores. In addition, we are a major supplier to foodservice operators such as schools, hotels, bakeries, restaurants and health care facilities. Creating winning strategies that generate profitable sales growth across these different channels and retail formats is a key growth driver for us.

We're rapidly growing sales for our brands in international markets. Just five years ago, our sales outside the U.S. totaled $1.3 billion. In 2008, net sales for our International business segment reached nearly $2.6 billion. And these businesses generated more than one-third of our total sales and operating profit growth for the year. General Mills brands such as Häagen-Dazs, Old El Paso, Nature Valley and Betty Crocker can be found throughout Europe, Asia and South America-- we currently compete in more than 100 markets worldwide. That's without including our international joint ventures, Cereal Partners Worldwide and Häagen-Dazs JVs in Japan and Korea, which together contributed $112 million in after-tax earnings to General Mills this past year. And we're really just getting going when it comes to building our business outside the U.S. We expect continuing international expansion to be a key driver of sales and profit increases for us in the years ahead. Our companywide focus on protecting margins is generating industry-leading results. We concluded several years ago that the trend of rising commodity and energy costs was likely to continue for some time, given growing world demand for food and fuel. That meant we would need to generate a higher level of productivity and cost savings than we'd done in the past in order to protect our margins. Our companywide approach to this challenge, which we call holistic margin management (HMM), engages people from marketing to R&D to the plant floor in identifying costs in our products that don't add value for consumers. We eliminate those costs, and use the savings to offset higher input costs and reinvest in our brands. This HMM focus is our first line of defense for our margins, and we believe this approach should continue to help us keep price increases moderate.

4

2,710

3,109

3,761

General Mills

protecting margins and building brands
Over the last four fiscal years, we've experienced sustained pressure from rising input costs, including 7 percent inflation in 2008. We've also steadily increased our consumer marketing spending to support our brands. Yet we've largely maintained our segment profit margin since 2005.
Fiscal Year 05 +6% ­5% 17.8 06 +5% +5% 18.0 07 08

On-trend Product Portfolio (General Mills Fiscal 2008 Worldwide Net Sales of $14.9 Billion*)

39%

Inherently Nutritious Foods Ready-to-eat Cereal, Yogurt, Vegetables and Organic Foods

Input Cost Inflation Consumer Marketing Expense Segment Operating Profit Margin* (% of net sales)

+4% + 7% +8% +13% 18.2 17.6

14%

Better-for-you Choices Ready-to-serve Soup and Snacks

47%

Quick and Convenient Options Refrigerated Dough, Dinner Mixes, Dessert Mixes, Mexican Products, Super-premium Ice Cream, Frozen Pizza and Snacks

*See page 89 for discussion of non-GAAP measures.

05

06

07

08

*Includes $1.2 billion proportionate share of joint venture net sales. See page 89 for discussion of non-GAAP measures.

We compete in growing categories. Consumers today want food choices that offer great taste and convenience, along with health and wellness benefits. That makes categories like ready-to-eat cereal, ready-to-serve soup, frozen vegetables, yogurt, grain snack bars and organic foods advantaged places to compete. We believe our global business portfolio is a true strategic advantage, because these on-trend categories are great places to innovate. We hold ourselves to high standards of corporate citizenship and corporate governance. These two dimensions of corporate performance are every bit as critical to our continuing growth as the business drivers outlined above. We are actively engaged in the communities where we operate, and we have established sustainability initiatives designed to minimize our environmental footprint. Our corporate governance practices have evolved over many years and are reviewed regularly to ensure they support an empowered and independent board of directors working with management for the benefit of all shareholders. The following pages of this report will tell you more about the growth drivers we've just highlighted, and show you some of the 29,500 talented General Mills people who are building our brands around the world. Our people are our most powerful competitive advantage, and we thank them all for their contributions to the company. We also thank Mike Spence, who is retiring from the General Mills Board of Directors after 16 years, for his valued counsel, and we welcome to the board both Lois Quam and Brad Anderson. In addition, we want to acknowledge the lasting contributions of Ken Thome, Siri Marshall and Randy Darcy, who announced their retirements from the company

in recent months. You'll find each of these individuals pictured along with current members of the board and our senior leadership team on pages 21 to 23. We're excited about the future growth prospects for General Mills in markets around the world. We look forward to reporting on our continuing progress, and we thank you for your investment in General Mills. Sincerely,

Stephen W. Sanger Chairman of the Board
Retired May 23, 2008

Kendall J. Powell Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

July 28, 2008

Annual Report 2008

5

