       To Our Shareholders
 KEN POWELL
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Our plans for the fiscal year ended May 25, 2014, called for sales and earnings growth consistent with our long-term business model, and increased cash returns to our shareholders. We made good progress building our
worldwide food businesses in both developed and emerging markets. And we returned more than $2.7 billion in cash to shareholders through a 17 percent dividend increase and significant share repurchases.
But sales and profit results fell short of our targets.
Fiscal 2014 net sales increased 1 percent to $17.9 billion, including three incremental months of contribution from the Yoki Alimentos (Brazil) and Yoplait Canada businesses added during the previous year. Gross margin declined in 2014, as increased promotional spending generated less volume than planned and international operations became a larger part of overall business mix. Adjusted segment operating profit was 2 percent lower for the year. On the bottom line, fiscal 2014 net earnings attributable to General Mills totaled $1.8 billion and diluted earnings per share (EPS) totaled $2.83. Adjusted diluted EPS, which excludes certain items affecting compara- bility, grew 4 percent to $2.82.
The operating environment for food manufacturers in 2014 was characterized by slow rates of sales growth in developed markets, with better trends in the world’s emerging markets. In our core market — the United States — retail food and bev- erage industry sales grew just 1.5 percent across channels tracked by Nielsen. This compares to 3.5 percent average
industry sales growth over the past five years. Input costs were a headwind for most food companies during the year; in our case, input costs were up 4 percent.
Net sales for our U.S. Retail operating segment essentially matched year-ago results at $10.6 billion. Our Snacks divi- sion, Small Planet Foods (which markets organic and natural products), and our Big G Cereals division led U.S. Retail sales performance for the year. New products launched during 2014 contributed more than 5 percent of annual shipment volume. Yoplait Greek 100 calorie yogurt, Fiber One snack bars, Vanilla Chex gluten-free cereal, Old El Paso frozen entrees and Nature Valley Protein granola made particularly strong contributions to annual sales growth. Our brands held or gained dollar market share in categories representing nearly two-thirds of our retail sales in Nielsen-measured outlets. Operating profit for the U.S. Retail segment totaled $2.3 billion, down 3 percent.
2 GENERAL MILLS
  
 U.S. RETAIL MARKET SHARE TRENDS
Dollars in billions, fiscal 2014
INTERNATIONAL PERFORMANCE BY
Category
Grain Snacks
Frozen Hot Snacks
Fruit Snacks
Ready-to-serve Soup
Mexican Products*
Frozen Pizza
Ready-to-eat Cereal
Refrigerated Baked Goods
Dessert Mixes
Dry Packaged Dinners
Yogurt
*Excludes snack aisle
Source: Nielsen Expanded All Outlets
Net Sales
$ 2,189
$ 1,195
$ 1,020
$ 982
$ 5,386
Category Our Dollar Retail Sales Share
$ 3.2 41.3%
$ 2.1 24.4%
$ 1.0 47.7%
$ 1.9 39.5%
$ 2.7 17.4%
$ 4.3 9.1%
$ 9.0 31.0%
$ 2.0 70.0%
$ 1.8 39.7%
$ 2.4 16.3%
$ 7.2 24.1%
Share Change vs. Prior Year
+3.8 pts.
+1.0
+0.9
+0.7
+0.5
+0.5
+0.3
0.0
-0.9
-1.8
-2.3
GEOGRAPHIC REGION
Dollars in millions, fiscal 2014
Europe
Canada
Latin America
Asia/Pacific
Total International Segment
% Growth in Constant Currency*
-4%
+5%
+38%
+9%
+8%
            *See page 87 for discussion of non-GAAP measures.
Beyond these three operating segments, General Mills
      Our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment competes primarily in U.S. channels for food eaten away from home. In 2014, net sales for this segment totaled
$1.9 billion, 2 percent below prior-year results. Operating profit of $307 million also was down 2 percent. Over the last several years, we have been re-shaping this business port- folio to focus on six key platforms: cereal, snacks, yogurt, mixes, biscuits and frozen breakfast items. These priority businesses, which account for more than two-thirds of the segment’s operating profit, posted combined sales growth of 4 percent for the year.
Net sales for our International segment grew 4 percent in 2014 to $5.4 billion. Adjusted operating profit, which excludes the effects of Venezuelan currency devaluation, also grew
4 percent to $535 million. Foreign exchange translation reduced these reported sales and earnings growth rates; on
a constant-currency basis, International sales grew 8 percent and adjusted operating profit rose 10 percent. Net sales for our Latin American region crossed the $1 billion threshold, with strong growth on the base business and a full year of Yoki operations included in 2014. And sales in the Asia/ Pacific region grew 9 percent on a constant-currency basis, powered by another year of double-digit sales growth in Greater China.
holds 50-percent non-consolidated interests in two joint ventures outside North America. Together, Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW) and Häagen-Dazs Japan (HDJ) contributed $90 million in after-tax earnings in 2014. This was 9 percent below prior-year results, reflecting higher consumer marketing investment by CPW and negative foreign currency exchange effects for HDJ.
General Mills has a strong track record of returning cash to shareholders and, by any measure, 2014 was a banner year in this regard. We returned more than $2.7 billion in cash
to our equity holders through dividends of $1.55 per share and share repurchases that reduced our average number of diluted shares outstanding by 3 percent. We most recently increased the quarterly dividend for General Mills common stock effective with the May 2014 payment. The current annu- alized rate of $1.64 per share represents a yield of roughly
3 percent at recent market prices for General Mills stock. General Mills and its predecessor firm have paid shareholder dividends without interruption or reduction for 115 years.
TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
Stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends, percent growth
 FISCAL 2014
GIS
S&P 500 Index
S&P Packaged Foods Index
LAST FIVE FISCAL YEARS
Compound annual growth
GIS
S&P 500 Index
S&P Packaged Foods Index
Source: Bloomberg
13%
18%
12%
   20% 18%
20%
    2014 ANNUAL REPORT 3
 
  Our Business Portfolio Is a Strategic Advantage
The combination of consistent earnings per share growth, which drives stock price appreciation over time, plus an attractive dividend yield has resulted in double-digit returns to General Mills shareholders over virtually any extended time period. In fiscal 2014, total return to General Mills share- holders through stock price appreciation and dividends was 13 percent. Over the last five years, the compound annual return to holders of GIS stock was 20 percent, outpacing the S&P 500 Index. We remain committed to delivering superior returns to our shareholders in the years ahead.
Accelerating Topline Growth in 2015
As we turn to our 2015 fiscal year, our number one priority
is to accelerate our net sales growth. And our key strat-
egy for doing that is to focus more tightly than ever on our consumers — what they like to eat, where they like to shop, and how they approach cooking today. In particular, we are focused on four key demographic groups: the rising wave of middle-class consumers in emerging markets; adults 55 and older; the Millennial generation; and U.S. multicultural consumers. You can read more about what makes these consumer groups so compelling to us on the following pages of this report.
Our business portfolio will help us to grow with these key consumer groups. Today, more than 70 percent of our worldwide sales are concentrated in five categories that are sharply on trend with consumers’ demand for great-tasting, nutritious and convenient foods:
• Ready-to-eat cereal is our biggest business, generating roughly $4 billion in net sales worldwide — that’s including our share of CPW sales.
• Snacks is now our second-largest product category, gener- ating more than $3.2 billion in worldwide net sales.
• Yogurt became a global business for us in fiscal 2012
with the acquisition of a controlling interest in the Yoplait parent company. Today, our yogurt brands generate nearly $3 billion in net sales.
• We’ve got a terrific assortment of convenient meal choices for busy consumers across the globe — these products account for $2.8 billion in net sales.
• And we market the world’s best-loved ice cream brand — Häagen-Dazs. This business generated nearly $1 billion in net sales last year, including our share of the joint venture in Japan.
• We also hold leading brand positions in select categories in the U.S. market — most notably baking products in the dessert aisle and the refrigerated case.
Consumers around the world are generating strong retail sales for our priority categories. The table at left shows
 10% 5%
17%
$19.2 Billion*
10%
5% 2%
20%
15%
FISCAL 2014 20%
15% Convenient Meals
5% Super-premium Ice Cream
10% Dough
10% Baking Aisle Products
5% Vegetables 2% Other
Net Sales by Platform 17%
16% Yogurt
*Non-GAAP measure. Includes $17.9 billion consolidated net sales plus $1.1 billion proportionate share of CPW (cereal) net sales plus $0.2 billion proportionate share of HDJ (ice cream) net sales.
Our Five Global Categories Are Large and Growing
Category
Ready-to-eat Cereal
Ice Cream
Yogurt
Ready Meals
Sweet & Savory Snacks
*Projected 5-year compound rate Source: Euromonitor, calendar 2013
2013 Retail Projected Sales in Billions Growth*
$28 5%
$77 7%
$80 9%
$91 5%
$305 6%
16%
Ready-to-eat Cereal
Snacks
      4 GENERAL MILLS

      A Selection of Products That Generated Good Growth in Fiscal 2014
Euromonitor’s estimation of category size and projected growth rate. As you can see, these categories are large, and each one is projected to grow at a mid- or high-single-digit rate in the years ahead. We see strong opportunities to grow net sales for our brands in these categories.
We also see strong opportunities to increase the profitability of our worldwide food businesses. Supply chain savings from our ongoing Holistic Margin Management (HMM) program are expected to exceed $400 million in 2015. We anticipate these savings will offset input cost inflation, which we esti- mate at 3 percent for the new year.
Beyond HMM, we have started work on several new cost- reduction initiatives designed to boost our efficiency and sharpen focus behind our key growth strategies. A formal review of our North American manufacturing and distribution network is designed to streamline operations and identify potential capacity reductions. We also have initiated efforts focused on further reducing overhead costs. Together, these new cost-reduction efforts are targeted to generate savings of $40 million pretax in fiscal 2015, with additional savings expected in fiscal 2016.
General Mills Long-term Growth Model
General Mills People Are the Key to our Success
Our company’s strong track record and exciting future pros- pects are a reflection of the talent and ambition of General Mills’ 43,000 people around the world. It’s a privilege for me to work with this team every day on your behalf.
Two members of our senior leadership team retired during fiscal 2014. Ian Friendly and Christi Strauss made important and lasting contributions to General Mills, and we thank them for their many years of dedicated service. We also thank Bill Esrey, who is retiring from our board of directors this September following 25 years of distinguished service.
In closing, I’d like to thank you for your investment in General Mills. We appreciate your confidence in our business, and we look forward to reporting on our continuing growth.
Kendall J. Powell
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer August 1, 2014
            Growth Factor
Net Sales
Segment Operating Profit
Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share
Dividend Yield
Total Return to Shareholders
Compound Annual Growth Target
Low single-digit
Mid single-digit
High single-digit
2 to 3 percent
Double-digit
      Our 2015 plans call for constant-currency sales and earnings growth consistent with our long-term model. And we expect our operations to generate strong cash flows again this year that will fund our fixed asset investment needs, increased shareholder dividends and ongoing share repurchases. We are energized by our growth plans for the new year.
2014 ANNUAL REPORT 5
 