TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Fiscal 2006 marked the beginning of a new phase in General Mills' long-term growth, and we're off to a good start:
· · Net sales rose 4 percent to exceed $11.6 billion worldwide. · · Despite significant input cost inflation, our gross margin increased 90 basis points to exceed 40 percent, and segment operating profits grew faster than sales, increasing 5 percent to more than $2.1 billion. · · Net earnings and diluted earnings per share (EPS) were below last year's reported results, which included a $284 million after-tax gain from the divestiture of two businesses. But EPS of $2.90 in 2006 was slightly above our targeted range for the year, and represented good growth from last year's results excluding the one-time gain. · · Dividends grew 8 percent to $1.34 per share, representing a payout of 46 percent of diluted EPS to our shareholders. We also invested approximately $900 million to repurchase 19 million shares of General Mills common stock at an average price of approximately $47 per share. · · We coupled our sales and earnings growth with disciplined cash use and drove a 60 basis point improvement in return on capital (ROC). We have a goal of increasing our ROC by 50 basis points a year, so this put us slightly ahead of our targeted pace. We believe increases in net sales, segment operating profit, earnings per share and return on capital are the key measures of financial performance for our business, and we recorded gains on each of these metrics in 2006. The market price of General Mills shares increased 4 percent over the fiscal year. Total return to General Mills shareholders, including dividends, was 7 percent. This compares to a negative 2 percent return for our food company peer group and a 9 percent return for the broader S&P 500.
2006 OPER ATI NG PER F OR M ANC E

General Mills has three operating segments: U.S. Retail, International, and Bakeries and Foodservice. In 2006, all three of these segments achieved growth in net sales and faster growth in operating profits. For U.S. Retail, net sales grew 3 percent to $8.0 billion. This included gains of 14 percent for the Yoplait division, 7 percent for the Meals division, 6 percent for Baking Products, 5 percent for the Snacks division and 27 percent for our small but fast-growing organic business, Small Planet Foods. Two divisions ­ Big G cereals and Pillsbury USA ­ posted sales declines of 1 percent. Operating profits for U.S. Retail grew slightly faster than net sales to reach nearly $1.8 billion, as pricing and productivity offset higher input costs and increased investment in advertising to support the long-term growth of our brands.

page _ 2

U.S. Retail Leading Market Positions
Dollars in Millions, Fiscal 2006 Category Sales Our Dollar Share Rank

Margin Expansion
Gross Margin 40.1% Segment Operating Margin*

Ready-to-eat Cereals Refrigerated Yogurt Frozen Vegetables Ready-to-serve Soup Mexican Products Granola Bars/Grain Snacks Refrigerated Dough Dessert Mixes Frozen Hot Snacks Frozen Baked Goods Microwave Popcorn Fruit Snacks Dry Dinners

$7,750 3,690 2,320 1,800 1,780 1,760 1,670 1,510 1,020 940 820 650 580

29% 38 22 30 19 21 69 40 27 19 21 50 72

2 1 1 2 2 2 1 1 2 1 2 1 1

39.2%

18.0%

18.2%

05

06

05

06

Channels include ACNielsen measured outlets and Wal-Mart

* Based on total segment operating profit. See page 25 of the Annual Report on
Form 10-K for discussion of this non-GAAP measure.

International segment net sales grew 6 percent to $1.8 billion, and operating profit grew 18 percent to surpass the $200 million mark. This was the fourth consecutive year of double-digit profit growth for our International operations. Bakeries and Foodservice net sales grew 2 percent in 2006 to reach $1.8 billion, and operating profit grew 4 percent to $139 million. This represents renewed growth after several years when manufacturing reconfiguration and weak industry conditions depressed results for this segment. Joint ventures generated $64 million in after-tax earnings for General Mills in 2006. This was below last year's results, which included $28 million in earnings from the Snack Ventures Europe (SVE) partnership that ended in February 2005. But earnings from ongoing joint ventures grew 5 percent. Our Cereal Partners Worldwide venture with Nestlé S.A. led this performance, posting good sales and profit gains for the year. We reinvested some of our earnings in 2006 to fund continued innovation and consumer-directed marketing. Advertising spending increased 8 percent to $515 million overall, including a strong increase in second-half media support for our U.S. Retail business. And we invested $360 million in capital projects to support future business growth and productivity initiatives. We believe these

investments will help sustain our momentum in fiscal 2007 and will underpin consistent good growth and returns in the years ahead.
GR OWTH OUTL OOK

As noted at the top of this letter, we see 2006 as the beginning of a new period of growth for General Mills. Over the next three to five years, we believe our company is wellpositioned to deliver low single-digit growth in net sales, mid single-digit growth in operating profit, and high single-digit growth in earnings per share. And we think that this financial performance ­ coupled with an attractive dividend yield ­ should result in consistent, double-digit returns to our shareholders.

General Mills Long-term Growth Objectives
Targeted Compound Annual Growth Rate

Net Sales Growth Operating Profit Growth Diluted Earnings per Share Growth + Dividend Yield Total Shareholder Return

Low single-digit Mid single-digit High single-digit Double-digit

page _ 3

Dividends per Share
(dollars)
1.24 1.10 1.34

Total Shareholder Return, Fiscal 2006
(price appreciation plus reinvested dividends)
+ 8.8% + 7.2%

SHAREHOLDER RETURNS Dividends per share grew 8 percent in fiscal 2006, and the market price of General Mills shares rose 4 percent. Total return to General Mills shareholders exceeded 7 percent.

-1.8%
04 05 06
S&P Packaged Foods Index S&P 500 Index General Mills

What's new about this chapter of our long-term growth? To begin with, for most of our history we've been essentially a U.S. food company. Today we have 32 plants, more than 9,000 talented people and nearly $2 billion in sales outside the United States. And we're just getting started. So international business expansion will be an increasingly important driver of our growth going forward. Here's another change: Our food sales used to be highly concentrated in traditional supermarkets. Today, we are a major supplier to a wide variety of retail outlets, ranging from convenience stores to natural and organic food store chains. And we are a major player in the foodservice industry, too, with sales to schools, hotel operators, restaurants and foodservice distributors. These faster-growing channels offer great new opportunities for us. One further difference we see in this new phase of growth is our profit base. In the past, General Mills' overall profit performance was highly dependent on the U.S. cereal business. The Big G division will still be an important source of sales and profit growth in our future, but today our portfolio includes a broad base of established, profitable businesses. And we have several newer businesses with compelling margin expansion potential. We see our business portfolio as a strategic advantage, which can enable us to deliver consistent growth in sales and earnings going forward.

We expect our worldwide food businesses to achieve another year of good sales and operating profit growth in 2007. We have a well-stocked pipeline of new products ­ you'll see a number of them on the following pages of this report. And our established brands have started the year with good momentum. We anticipate that these positive factors will be partially offset by higher input costs, higher interest and tax rates, and expensing of stock-based compensation, but still result in another year of earnings per share growth.
A S TR ONG OR GANI ZATI ON

Winning in the packaged foods business is all about innovation and execution, so the key to success is great people. Our 28,100 employees delivered terrific results in 2006. We'll continue to invest in initiatives that help ensure our people see General Mills as a great place to work and grow throughout their careers. In June, we implemented a new senior leadership structure for our organization. Ken Powell is now President and Chief Operating Officer of General Mills and has joined the board of directors. In this role, Ken oversees all company operating activities worldwide. Reporting to him are Ian Friendly, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, U.S. Retail; Chris O'Leary, Executive Vice President,

page _ 4

From left: Steve Sanger, Ken Powell, Jim Lawrence

Chief Operating Officer, International; Marc Belton, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Health, Brand and New Business Development; Randy Darcy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Operations and Technology; and Jeff Rotsch, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Channel Development. Jim Lawrence is now Vice Chairman of General Mills and continues to serve as Chief Financial Officer. Several other senior leaders also have taken on important new roles. A complete listing of our senior leadership team appears on page 16 of this report. General Mills has a long history of achieving good growth and returns, and our new team is committed to delivering continued strong performance for shareholders in this new phase of growth.

Stephen W. Sanger Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Kendall J. Powell President and Chief Operating Officer

James A. Lawrence Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer

July 28, 2006

page _ 5

