               General Mills
Total Shareholder Return
(fiscal years, stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends, compound annual growth)
Ken Powell
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
General Mills 2015 operating performance
was mixed. Where we had product news and marketing messages that were on-trend
with consumers’ evolving food preferences, our businesses grew. But we didn’t have enough of these initiatives to lift our sales in the aggregate, and our profit growth was less than originally targeted. Strategic actions that we’ve taken during the year will position us for stronger performance in 2016.
General Mills net sales for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2015, declined 2 percent to $17.6 billion, as unfavorable foreign exchange offset the benefits of a 53rd week in the fiscal year and six months of incremental contribution from the Annie’s, Inc. (Annie’s) organic foods business we acquired in October 2014. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, our net sales increased 1 percent in fiscal 2015.* Total segment operating profit declined 4 percent to $3.0 billion. On a constant-currency basis, total segment operating profit declined 2 percent.
Diluted earnings per share totaled $1.97 in 2015, below the prior year primarily due to restructuring costs, an impairment charge and a one-time tax expense. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes these and certain other items affecting compara- bility of results, rose 1 percent to $2.86. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 4 percent.
*See page 31 for a reconciliation of this and other non-GAAP measures used in this letter.
            16%
To Our Shareholders:
       8%
13%
Latest 5 Years
        Latest 2015 3 Years
Source: Bloomberg
Dividends per Share
(dollars)
1.22
2012
1.67
1.55 1.32
   1.12
2011
2013
2014
2015
               2
GENERAL MILLS

Net sales for U.S. Retail, our largest business seg- ment, declined 1 percent to $10.5 billion. Our brands achieved share gains in categories representing
65 percent of our retail sales in Nielsen-measured channels, but overall sales trends in many categories were weak, reflecting the impact of changing consumer food preferences.
Consumers are increasingly interested in natural foods with simple ingredients and are limiting things like gluten, simple carbohydrates and artificial ingre- dients. They also are looking for more protein, fiber, whole grains and organic products. And they are snacking more than ever. In categories where we applied a “consumer first” approach and responded to these changes, we posted good growth. For example, retail sales for our grain snacks grew 4 percent, and we gained nearly two points of market share on the strength of our Nature Valley and Fiber One brands. Yoplait yogurt generated solid sales and share gains, led by strong performance on our Greek variet-
ies, and we saw a resurgence of interest in Yoplait Original yogurt as we emphasized its all-family
snack appeal.
Our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment had outstanding results in fiscal 2015. Net sales reached the $2 billion mark, a 4 percent increase over last year. And segment operating profit grew 15 per- cent to a record $353 million. We remain focused
on six key product platforms in foodservice channels:
Growing Our Core with Yoplait
By putting the consumer first, we gener- ated 7 percent retail sales growth and gained nearly a point of market share for our U.S. Retail yogurt business in fiscal 2015. Consumers like the health benefits of yogurt, and Greek varieties remain the largest seg- ment of the $8 billion U.S. yogurt category. We’ve been promoting the great taste of our Yoplait Greek varieties, and launched Yoplait Greek 100 Whips! for consumers who prefer a lighter yogurt texture with just 100 calories per serving. We also renewed growth on Yoplait Original yogurt by adver- tising its all-family appeal as a great-tasting, good-for-you snack. We recently reduced sugar across this line by 25 percent. And retail sales for our kid-oriented yogurts returned to growth, driven by the removal
of artificial colors and flavors. We have more consumer-first innovation coming in 2016, including Yoplait Plenti, a combination of grains and seeds mixed into delicious Yoplait Greek yogurt, for consumers looking for a heartier yogurt experience.
     2015 ANNUAL REPORT
3

                                                                                        Our Five Global Categories Are Large and Growing
    Category
2014 Retail Sales in Billions
Projected Growth*
4% 7% 8% 5% 6%
    Ready-to-eat Cereal $28 Ice Cream $71 Yogurt $83 Convenient Meals $118 Sweet and Savory Snacks $287
*Projected 5-year compound rate Source: Euromonitor, calendar 2014
       Product renovation and new items that met changing consumer interests generated good growth in fiscal 2015.
cereal, snacks, yogurt, mixes, biscuits and frozen breakfast. These priority businesses, which account for more than 70 percent of the segment’s operating profit, posted combined net sales growth of 9 percent for the year.
Net sales for our International segment declined
5 percent to $5.1 billion, and segment operating profit declined 2 percent, reflecting negative foreign cur- rency translation effects. On a constant-currency basis, International net sales grew 6 percent and seg- ment operating profit rose 9 percent. This included constant-currency net sales gains of 17 percent in Latin America, 5 percent in the Asia/Pacific region and 5 percent in the Europe region.
In addition to these three operating segments, we hold 50-percent non-consolidated interests in two joint ventures outside of North America. Together, Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW) and Häagen-Dazs Japan (HDJ) contributed $84 million in after-tax earnings in fiscal 2015. This was 6 percent below last year’s results, reflecting unfavorable foreign currency exchange. On a constant-currency basis, after-tax earnings from joint ventures matched year-ago levels.
In fiscal 2015, we returned $2.2 billion to share- holders through share repurchases and dividends. We repurchased approximately 22 million shares
of common stock, reducing our average number of shares outstanding by 4 percent. We also increased our annual dividend by 8 percent, including raising our quarterly dividend rate effective with our May 2015 payment. The new annualized rate of $1.76 represents a yield of roughly 3 percent at recent prices for General Mills stock. General Mills and its predeces- sor firm have paid shareholder dividends without interruption or reduction for 116 years, and our plans call for increasing our dividend as our earnings grow.
Our total shareholder return, which is a combination of stock price appreciation and dividends, totaled
8 percent in fiscal 2015. This lagged the broader market, as the S&P 500 Index generated 13 percent return for the year. Over the past five, 10, 15 and even 20 years, General Mills has consistently delivered double-digit returns to shareholders. We outper- formed the broader market during all of those time periods except during the most recent five fiscal years, when the S&P 500 Index posted a strong
17 percent annual compound return to shareholders.
4
GENERAL MILLS

 Our Business Portfolio is a Strategic Advantage
5% 10%
10%
5%
15%
1%
      20%
Fiscal 2015
Net Sales by Platform
$18.7 Billion*
20% Cereal
18% Snacks
16% Yogurt
15% Convenient Meals
5% Super-premium Ice Cream
10% Dough
10% Baking Mixes and
Ingredients 5% Vegetables
1% Other
                  18%
            General Mills Long-term Growth Model
Growth Factor
Net Sales
Segment Operating Profit
Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share
Dividend Yield
Total Return to Shareholders
Compound Growth Rate
Low single-digit Mid single-digit
High single-digit 2 to 3 percent Double-digit
16%
*Non-GAAP measure. Includes $17.6 billion consolidated net sales plus $0.9 billion proportionate share of CPW (cereal) net sales plus $0.2 billion proportionate share of HDJ (ice cream) net sales.
Our Priorities for Fiscal 2016
Our focus is on five global growth categories— cereal, ice cream, yogurt, convenient meals and sweet and savory snacks. According to Euromonitor, sales in these categories are projected to grow at attractive rates because they are on-trend with the consumer food trends described earlier. More than 70 percent of our worldwide sales are concentrated in these five platforms, so we see strong opportuni- ties to grow our brands in these categories.
As we enter fiscal 2016, we are dedicated to acceler- ating sales growth, which will reflect one less week in the fiscal year. We’ll drive growth by responding to changing consumer demands and reshaping our product portfolio and our organization. This will gen- erate funds we can reinvest in our business. We have three key priorities described below.
Drive More from the Core
Our product portfolio is built on a core of well-known, iconic brands that have stood the test of time. We continue to renovate these brands to keep them rel- evant to today’s consumer and innovate to introduce
      We remain committed to our long-term growth model and believe that our businesses can generate low single-digit net sales growth, mid single-digit segment operating profit growth and high single-digit growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share. When you add in a dividend yield of between 2 and 3 percent, we should deliver double-digit returns to shareholders over the long term.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT 5

     Expanding Our Natural and
Organic Food Portfolio
U.S. industry sales for natural and organic foods have been growing at a double-digit pace over the past three years. And sales are projected to continue to grow at a double-digit rate. We’ve been building our capabilities for sourcing, manufacturing and marketing natural and organic brands for the past 15 years. With the acquisition of Annie’s, Inc. in October 2014, we’re now the fourth-largest natural and organic food manufacturer in the U.S. We have strong levels of innovation coming in 2016 across our brands, including new Cascadian Farm cereals, Annie’s soups and Food Should Taste Good snack bars. We see great oppor- tunities to grow our brands by innovating, and by increasing their distribution in nat- ural and organic stores and in traditional grocery outlets.
new products that meet changing consumer needs. For example, nearly 30 percent of U.S. consumers have purchased gluten-free products as recently as our fourth fiscal quarter, so we’ve increased our gluten-free cereal offerings to include varieties of granola and hot oatmeal. And starting this summer, five varieties of Cheerios will be gluten free. For consumers desiring more sim- ple ingredients, we are removing artificial flavors and colors from artificial sources from all of our Big G cereals by December 2017.
In our Convenience Stores and Foodservice business, we con- tinue to innovate on our Pillsbury line of frozen breakfast items served in K-12 schools. This line of pancakes, waffles, French toast and bagels can be heated right in the package—quick and easy preparation for foodservice operators — and kids love the great taste of these portable breakfast treats. We’re now expanding this concept to school lunchrooms with a heat-and- serve line of Old El Paso gorditas.
Around the world, consumer preferences are changing, too. Our International business has been innovating on our global brands, launching Häagen-Dazs super-premium ice cream stick bars in France, new vegetable-packed varieties of Wanchai Ferry dump- lings in China, and a line of Nature Valley popcorn bars in the UK.
These are just a few examples of the initiatives we have underway to grow our core brands. We have more exciting product news coming across all of our business segments throughout fiscal 2016 that we believe will generate sales and profit growth.
Reshape Our Portfolio for Growth
We’ve been reshaping our business through acquisitions, divesti- tures and expansion of our existing brands into new geographies. In the U.S., we’ve been growing our natural and organic portfolio over the past 15 years. It started with the 2000 acquisition
of Small Planet Foods, which included Cascadian Farm and Muir Glen brands. Since then, we’ve added to our portfolio with Lärabar nutrition bars, Immaculate baking products, Food Should Taste Good snacks, and Mountain High and Liberté yogurt. With the addition of a full year of results for Annie’s, our natural and organic sales total nearly $700 million, and we expect this port- folio to exceed $1 billion in annual sales by 2020.
Over the past decade, we’ve taken actions to focus our Convenience Stores and Foodservice portfolio. The result is a portfolio that leverages our well-known consumer brands— more than 85 percent of our sales come from products that are branded to foodservice operators or the final consumer. And
6 GENERAL MILLS

we’ve significantly improved our segment operat- ing profit margin from 8.6 percent in fiscal 2008 to 17.7 percent today.
We’ve also been growing our International businesses by expanding our presence in emerging markets and through strategic acquisitions, such as Yoki in Brazil. This summer, we brought an existing brand into a new market with the introduction of Yoplait yogurt in China. The Yoplait brand originated in France
50 years ago and today is available in more than
50 markets worldwide. We’re now competing in the $10 billion yogurt category in China with three yogurt offerings: a thick and creamy French-style yogurt, a fruit-on-the-bottom variety and a drinkable yogurt containing fresh fruit. We are excited about the growth prospects we see for Yoplait and the strong contributions it can make to our $725 million business in China.
Fund Our Future
We believe our business requires a balanced approach to drive growth—balanced between protecting our margins, investing in our business for future growth and providing solid returns to our shareholders over
the long term. While our primary focus is on driving topline growth, we also look for opportunities to increase productivity and reduce expenses. Through Holistic Margin Management (HMM), we’ve been able to remove non-value adding costs across the company. Since 2010, we’ve generated a cumulative $2.4 billion in savings in our cost of sales.
During fiscal 2015, we took additional significant actions to streamline our organization and improve our operating efficiency. Through Project Century, we are simplifying our North American supply chain, better balancing manufacturing and distribution, and adding flexibility to adjust for future growth.
Project Catalyst is focused on increasing our orga- nizational effectiveness across our U.S. businesses. We’ve created a new structure that allows us to be faster and more agile, so we can quickly adjust to a changing marketplace. We’re also making changes to our policies and practices that reduce overhead expense. And most recently, we announced Project Compass, which is our initiative to increase organi- zational effectiveness within our International business segment.
     Reshaping Our Convenience Stores and Foodservice Portfolio
U.S. consumers spend more than $650 billion annually for food eaten away from home, and our Convenience Stores and Foodservice team has been reshaping its portfolio to drive growth in this industry. We’ve been focusing on our highest-margin businesses and divesting lower-margin performers. The result has been double-digit segment operating profit growth com- pounded over the past seven years, and a 900-basis-point increase in profit margin. We’re also emphasizing our six focus platforms — cereal, snacks, yogurt, mixes, biscuits and frozen breakfast — whose combined sales have been compounding at a 5 percent rate in recent years. We compete in
large and growing channels in the foodservice industry, including K-12 schools, colleges and universities, and convenience stores. We’re now expanding our presence in the fresh bakery section of convenience stores with our Pillsbury line of grab-and-go baked goods.
Convenience Stores
and Foodservice Segment Operating Profit
(fiscal years, dollars in millions)
      170
8.6%
2008
353 17.7%
2015
Segment Operating Profit
Profit Margin (operating profit divided by net sales)
         2015 ANNUAL REPORT
7
 
       Growing Our International
Core with Old El Paso
Despite slow economic growth and a
challenging marketplace, General Mills
posted 5 percent constant-currency net
sales growth in fiscal 2015 in our Europe region,
which also includes Australia and New Zealand. This
performance was led by Old El Paso Mexican foods.
Old El Paso is a global brand—it’s available in 60 markets
worldwide. The convenience of these Mexican dinner kits,
combined with innovative new products, is a great fit for consumers everywhere who like to experiment with foods with ethnic flavors.
In our Europe region, net sales for Old El Paso grew by double digits on the strength of our Stand ’n Stuff tortillas, supported by strong levels of advertising. In 2016, we’ll introduce an Old El Paso Restaurante line in European markets. These kits contain high-quality ingredients and zesty flavor combinations for a restaurant-quality meal at home.
International Performance by Geographic Region (fiscal 2015, dollars in millions)
                                     Net Sales
% Change on a Constant
Currency Basis*
5% Flat 5% 17% 6%
 Europe
Canada
Asia/Pacific
Latin America
Total International $5,128
$ 2,126 $ 1,105 $ 1,024 $ 873
                                        We delivered $75 million in cost savings from these actions in fiscal 2015 and expect this to grow to between $285 million and $310 million in fiscal 2016 from all our initiatives combined. A portion of these savings is being reinvested into the business through activities like consumer-focused promotions and product development and renovation—actions that drive future sales growth.
Our People Drive Our Success
The skill and talent of our 42,000 employees around the world gives me confidence we will achieve our performance goals. Their hard work and dedica-
tion is truly a competitive advantage for us. Several members of our leadership team have announced their retirement in the past fiscal year. Marc Belton, Mike Davis, Luis Merizalde, Rick Palmore and Kris Wenker all made significant contributions to General Mills, and I want to thank them for their dedication to our company during their careers here. In addition,
*See page 31 for discussion of non-GAAP measures.
I’d like to thank Ray Gilmartin, Judy Hope and Hilda Ochoa-Brillembourg, who are retiring from our board of directors in September. They have provided invaluable counsel during their many years of service on our board.
In closing, I want to thank you for your investment in General Mills. We are keenly focused on driving value for you, our shareholders. We appreciate your confidence in our strategies and our company. And we look forward to reporting on continued strong performance in the future as we make food people love.
Kendall J. Powell
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer August 1, 2015
 8
GENERAL MILLS
