         LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
George H. Glatfelter II Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholder,
There is one word that best describes our performance in 2004: Turnaround.
As the year commenced, we got off to a slow start as the industry was battered by unfavorable market conditions.
But during the second quarter, we gained momentum that accelerated throughout the year. To be sure, Glatfelter benefited from economic conditions that brightened in the second half. However, the story of this Company in 2004 had far less to do with a cyclical upswing in the paper industry than with the resolve of Glatfelter employees to “look through” the cycle and address a number of foundational issues that had challenged our business for some time.
To understand our commitment to focused strategic change, I will reference my closing comments in last year’s Annual Report: “I don’t know what 2004 has in store for our company, but I
can assure you that we will be doing business differently. Our employees and I realize that we cannot simply brush off the 2003 performance of this company with excuses about our business environment. We need to generate financial results that justify the confidence that you have placed in us. This is what we intend to do.”
Good companies do what they say. It’s called execution. In the paragraphs that follow, I will revisit the pledges we made in our 2003 Annual Report and you can judge our performance accordingly.
2
“We intend to change the way
the business operates in order to achieve substantial, sustainable improvements in profitability.”
We recognized the competitive challenges of today’s global business environment and we confronted them head on. We condensed the energies of the entire organization into two “Focus Points” for 2004-05: (1) the restructuring of our North American operations, and (2) revenue growth from our Long Fiber and Overlay business. These two goals mattered most in 2004; and they will continue to be critical to our performance in 2005.
In North America, we took a critical look at the contributions of our asset base. As a result, we initiated a plan to generate $8 million of financial improvements from our Neenah, Wisconsin, facility. This plan involved the closure of non-core assets and the reduction of nearly 50% of the workforce.
We coupled this effort with a sweeping and innovative restructuring project at our Spring Grove, Pennsylvania, facility and a focus on growing in our higher-value, niche markets in North America. This was designed to generate $15 million to $20 million in annual financial improvements beginning in 2006. Using an Interest-Based Bargaining process, local union leadership and P.A.C.E. International worked creatively with management to find ways to achieve our targets. We embraced collaboration instead of confrontation, and started with a “clean sheet” approach to redesign job responsibilities across the facility. Some positions were eliminated. Some were combined. Jobs that were not critical to operations were outsourced.
Work rules were redesigned. And an early retirement plan was developed to aid in workforce transition. The organizational redesign effort led to a 20% reduction in the mill’s hourly workforce without any decline in production volume or quality. The changes were incorporated in a new collective bargaining agreement ratified by 85% of the voting membership. In addition, we eliminated approximately 25 salaried positions
at the facility. Collectively, the Neenah and Spring Grove reductions have reduced our North American workforce by 27% since 2003.
We also took a hard look at our overhead (SG&A) in the North American-based operations and cut it by $2.0 million in 2004. More reductions are expected in 2005.
These were tough decisions that we executed well. We are serious about cost control. As 2005 begins, we are ahead of schedule in meeting our North American restructuring targets. Meaningful financial benefits are beginning to accrue and should be fully realized in 2006.
            annual_report_2004_d.indd 7
3/23/05 12:42:16 PM
                                    
        In Europe, we combined cost reduction efforts with an aggressive plan to grow revenue in the Company’s Long
Fiber and Overlay Papers markets. The objective: leverage
new technology at our Gernsbach, Germany facility to grow volumes of tea and coffee filter paper and overlay papers for the decorative laminate industry. Marketing alliances were established to serve high-growth specialty paper opportunities, and the opening of a Chinese office expanded our presence in the booming Asian market.
These initiatives are generating results. In 2004, revenue from the Long Fiber and Overlay Business Unit grew by 24%, and we remain optimistic about the growth characteristics of these markets.
Finally, to more effectively manage our North American business, we combined the Printing and Converting and Engineered Products business units into a new Specialty Papers Business Unit. This combination allows us to more effectively manage
the demand planning process, optimize product mix, minimize process variability and meet the demands of our customers
“We will concentrate a great deal
of attention on our core Printing and Converting Business, specifically our book publishing business.”
Book Publishing is the largest product line of our Specialty Papers BusinessUnit. Itsperformanceiscriticaltothesuccessofthe Company. In 2003, commodity producers dragged down the market by offering lower quality papers at reduced prices. We lost market share. We confronted the situation in 2004 by listening closely to our customers. In March, I visited with many of our key publishers to learn first hand about their expectations of Glatfelter as a top-tier supplier. We responded quickly. In June, we launched “Performance Plus,” a program designed to streamline product offerings, improve product quality, reduce costs, and provide the best service in the business.
This initiative enhanced margins by improving operating efficiencies and eliminating low-value, commodity grades of book paper from our product mix. Additionally, we have recently recouped market share and are reaffirming our position as the clear supplier of choice. We intend to aggressively defend our leadership position in this market against all competitors.
“Our Vision is to become the global supplier of choice in Specialty Papers and Engineered Products.”
Our employees will tell you that I begin each group meeting by reviewing our Vision. Some may find that practice amusing. I don’t. The Vision defines the journey we have chosen to differentiate our Company from others, deliver value to shareholders, and achieve security for employees. It is that important!
In 2004, we supported our Vision by continuing to challenge the organization’s creativity and innovation. And employees responded with results. Approximately 60% of our sales came from products developed in the last five years.
Furthermore, we supported the Vision by adopting new business processes that have enhanced the capabilities of the enterprise. We instituted an integrated supply chain management approach that has reduced our procurement and logistics costs by $1.6 million, and generated manufacturing efficiencies throughout North American operations.
We also introduced a comprehensive Sales and Operations Planning Process (S&OP) in North America. This process, along with the establishment of our Specialty Papers business unit, will enable more efficient scheduling, stronger inventory control, and most importantly, improved demand planning to better forecast and manage variations in order volume. S&OP has supported our drive to a higher value product mix and higher margins. It will also leverage our Enterprise Resource Planning System investment in SAPTM that was successfully instituted in 2002. We intendtoadoptS&OPprocessimprovementsinourEuropean facilities during 2005.
“We are committed to increasing our income and shareholder value.”
Last year, I pledged that we would make fundamental changes in our business to improve financial results. We have. Highlights from 2004 include:
    • • •
•
• •
Operating income, excluding nonrecurring items, increased $1.7 million to $33.1 million.
Earnings, excluding nonrecurring items, grew from $0.25 per share to $0.30 per share.
Generated $57.9 million in pre-tax gains from the divestiture of non-strategic timberlands and the
Company airplane.
Successfully completed a secondary offering on behalf of our major shareholders that increased our public float by 27%. Net debt was reduced by $67 million.
Net debt-to-capital improved to 28.9% from 39.1%.
          annual_report_2004_d.indd 8
3/23/05 12:42:17 PM
                                    
        These financial results punctuated the strength of our turnaround. They helped support an upward movement in our share price and built a stronger balance sheet. We intend to do better in 2005. And we will.
In summary, Glatfelter’s 2004 performance was characterized by strong execution on the part of everyone in the organization. That’s a good thing, because the global paper industry remains a difficult place these days. Glatfelter employees recognize
that simply riding the cycles through good and bad markets won’t create sustainable value. We continually challenge ourselves to look through the cycles, eschewing incremental advances for bold thinking that generates material, step-change improvement.
Focused Execution Drives Optimism in 2005
Looking ahead, we are modestly optimistic about the prospects for the coming year. We continue to track favorably against our 2004-05 Focus Point objectives. The improvements made in our business processes over the past year have energized and empowered our organization.
Yet challenges remain. Our industry continues to confront structural issues that will ultimately define its future. I am particularly concerned about the rapidly rising costs of raw materials, energy, and healthcare in the United States. It also is clear we must improve the financial performance of the Neenah facility. This effort will hinge upon the success of a workforce redesign project similar to the one implemented at Spring Grove in 2004.
Our European facilities must control rising costs as well. The impact of a historically strong Euro will make products exported from Europe less competitive in some international markets.
Our success will continue to result from a clear focus and strong execution. We intend to target the three key issues that matter most, execute them well and deploy our resources to generate breakthrough improvement. Pursuing these strategies in
2005 will further strengthen our Company and drive value to shareholders:
First, we must continue to execute our 2004-05 Focus Points.
That means achieving our revenue growth projections for our Long Fiber and Overlay Papers business in Europe and improving the profitability of our North American operations.
Second, we must drive revenue growth in high-value, defensible niche markets.
Growth is an essential component of our Vision. Our goal is to generate 80% of our revenue from higher-value, niche products by 2006. That’s up from 73% today. These products will play
a key role in generating organic growth. We are continually enhancing our product offerings through significant investment in product development activities, including product customizations developed in collaboration with our customers. As a result more and more customers are turning to Glatfelter as their supplier of choice.
Finally, improve operating income and free cash flow.
Financial strength is of primary importance to all Glatfelter stakeholders. We have come through a difficult time and emerged a much stronger enterprise. At the end of 2003
our earnings were declining. Today they are improving. Free cash flow was negative. Now, it is positive. Our net debt had increased by $46 million. We lowered it by $67 million. Yes, we’ve made solid progress in 2004, but plenty of opportunity remains. Our turnaround has generated cost structure and business process improvements that will favorably impact earnings in the years ahead.
Before I close, I would like to recognize the long and distinguished service of M. A. “Jake” Johnson II, who is retiring from our Board of Directors after 35 years of service. I am very grateful for the wise counsel and positive contributions Jake rendered to the Board on behalf of our shareholders. I have known Jake my entire career and can personally attest to the significant value he has brought to our Company.
I will close by thanking our shareholders for your continuing support and by offering a special welcome to the many
new shareholders who participated in the 2004 secondary offering. I ask you to reflect upon our Vision and Core Values. We own a rich 140-year heritage that gives us strength to face the future. For the past five years we have transformed our enterprise from an old-line paper company to a strong global competitor uniquely positioned around higher-value, niche products. It has been a tough, yet very rewarding ride. And we are beginning to see the benefits. This is a result of Glatfelter people demonstrating innovative thinking, strong resolve, and the ability to focus on the few things that matter most. We have executed a successful turnaround and are committed to creating new opportunities to build shareholder value.
George H. Glatfelter II Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2005
         annual_report_2004_d.indd 5
3/23/05 12:42:15 PM
                                    