Letter to Our Shareholders
  George H. Glatfelter II Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholder:
I am pleased to report that, during the past year, we made significant progress in
continuing to grow and strengthen Glatfelter by differentiating the Company from others in the paper industry. Within this letter, I will explain how our drive for differentiation and our commitment to continual improvements have uniquely positioned your company and, equally important, how this translates into enhanced value for our shareholders.
As a Glatfelter shareholder, you probably already understand that today’s paper industry is pretty challenging. Yet our team’s passion for this industry springs from the recognition that within these challenges lie great opportunities for value.
Specialization - A Different Path
To realize these opportunities, we have chosen a different path toward value creation than most others. We are paper specialists. We make papers that others can’t, serve markets that others won’t, and build relationships that others don’t. Our business model is built around speed, flexibility, innovation, solid operational
 performance and deep customer knowledge. Our journey is unlike that of most other paper companies I know. With apologies to Robert Frost, the road we have taken is, in fact, “...the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference”.
“...we
have chosen a different path toward value creation than most others.”
I believe that differentiation is a strategic imperative for Glatfelter. The reason is simple. Our industry is experiencing unprecedented levels of churn. Consolidation, capacity rationalization, and global repositioning are the new buzzwords in boardrooms of paper companies everywhere. In Glatfelter’s boardroom, we know that sustainable value cannot be created simply through working harder at doing the same things. And we don’t subscribe to incremental thinking. We see that significant opportunity for shareholder value creation continues to exist within this industry—opportunity that is unearthed through thinking differently—and by converting different thinking into value through solid execution.
Differentiation: in the products we make, the markets we serve, and the value we deliver to both customers and shareholders. It is a powerful business concept and, as our 2007 performance demonstrates, an equally powerful investment thesis. It’s the right strategy for Glatfelter—and for our shareholders.
Indeed, unlike most other uncoated freesheet
producers, Glatfelter’s business model is built around
high-value niche markets and products. Through technical
sophistication, depth of product knowledge and unique service programs, we add value to every product that we make. These capabilities help build high competitive barriers to entry and make Glatfelter the supplier of choice in each market that we serve.
  Differentiation Drives Value
6

Glatfelter’s Core Competency
The core competency of Glatfelter is different than most of our competitors. It lies in the strength of our relationships with customers. We call it “customer intimacy”. It is the most important pillar of our business model. It means that we continually strive to be the “supplier of choice” in each relationship. As a result, we seek meaningful, collaborative associations that transcend simple transactions and focus upon longer-term creation of mutual value. But we bring more to the table than that. We understand that intimacy alone is not a differentiator in the market place. It must be actively supported by commitments to innovation and operational excellence.
Innovation is very important to us. And it distinguishes Glatfelter from our competitors. Again in 2007, over 50% of the Company’s sales revenue was generated from products less than five years old. We have achieved this target each year since our New Product Development Program was restructured in 2002.
As for operational excellence? Our manufacturing platforms around the globe are highly specialized, flexible and well-invested. We are committed to disciplined manufacturing techniques and continuous improvement. We know that our obligation to customers and shareholders alike is to ensure the sustainability of our enterprise.
Customer intimacy, supported by innovation and operational excellence, defines the Glatfelter business model—a model that I believe is unique in today’s paper industry. It is not an easy path, and results matter.
Solid Results in 2007
In 2007, Glatfelter PEOPLE combined their passion for change with effective strategic execution to generate solid financial performance:
• Adjusted earnings increased 47% to $0.81 per diluted share for 2007, compared with $0.55 per diluted share for the prior year.
• For the first time in our 144-year history, net sales exceeded $1 billion, reaching $1.1 billion and representing a 16% increase over our $986.4 million just a year earlier.
• The Company’s balance sheet was strengthened by a $92.4 million reduction in net debt driven by significantly improving cash flow and the sale of $87.3 million of woodlands.
The Company’s operating performance was also strong. In particular, we:
• Successfully implemented the Chillicothe Profit Improvement Plan,
which was focused on optimizing the facility’s productivity and efficiency. As a result, we are on track to achieve our annual accretion target of $0.45 to $0.50 per share in 2008.
• Aggressively integrated the Lydney mill acquisition, achieving our target of $9 million in annual run-rate contribution to operating income six months ahead of schedule.
  “Glatfelter
PEOPLE combined their passion for change with effective strategic execution to generate solid financial performance.”
  • Initiated the Company’s Continuous Improvement Program, which delivered $7 million of savings in its first year.
• Enhanced the Company’s product mix in growing, high-margin niche markets by acquiring Metallised Products Limited, a $53 million manufacturer of metallized paper products based in Caerphilly, Wales.
• Achieved triple chain-of-custody product certifications, strengthening our sustainable business platform with official recognition of our green practices.
7

In my view, business strategies that don’t lead to sustainable value creation are a waste of time. Our strategies deliver results. The examples noted above are indicative of the strength of the Glatfelter business model and demonstrate our success in converting business strategy into real financial value. As a result, investors
have taken notice. In 2007, GLT stock price was again in the top tier of the paper “Our
  industry, continuing a trend of solid performance that has positioned us as the top-performing stock in the paper industry for the last four years.
Looking Forward
strategies deliver results.”
I look forward into 2008 and beyond with confidence for one simple reason: We may
not be able to change the paper industry or the economic challenges confronting it, but we have demonstrated the ability to change ourselves.
This has been hard work, and I am sure that it will not become any easier in the days ahead. The unending commitment to change anything and everything within the Company that does not create value is the promise that we make to our shareholders. This commitment has taken us down the “road less traveled by” but it has differentiated Glatfelter from others in ways that matter the most to our customers and our shareholders.
We are uniquely positioned and for 2008, we intend to continue our journey of specialization by focusing on the following priorities:
• Achieving $0.45 to $0.50 of earnings accretion from Chillicothe
• Continuing to broaden our geographic footprint with particular emphasis on our high-margin food and beverage
papers business
• Meeting the integration targets of our recent acquisition in Caerphilly, Wales
• Expanding the Continuous Improvement efforts initiated in 2007 to help mitigate the rapid rise of input costs
• Making smart and timely decisions to maximize the remaining value of our timberland holdings
In conclusion, on behalf of Glatfelter PEOPLE everywhere, I would like to thank you for your continued support. I am confident that our strategy is sound and that we have the capability and commitment to continue to deliver the results that you as a shareholder expect from Glatfelter.
Sincerely,
George H. Glatfelter II
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer February 25, 2008
  8
