r
Lette
 Dear Fellow Shareholder:
If 2004 was the year of turnaround for Glatfelter, then 2005 will be characterized as the year in which our strategy solidified. During the year, we leveraged the momentum of our recovery to develop a specialty products business platform capable of achieving the next stage of growth and value creation. With crisp execution focused upon “the things that matter most,” Glatfelter PEOPLE sustained our progress and built a foundation of strength and flexibility. We repositioned the business for the attractive opportunities emerging in the global paper industry. And along the way, despite a tumultuous market backdrop of soaring input costs, too much capacity and too little demand, we responded with a solid financial performance:
• Adjusted earnings were up 17% to $.35 per share
• Net sales rose 7% to $579 million
• New products represented 52% of sales
• Timberland was sold for $21 million
• Insurance recoveries totaled $20 million
• Net debt was reduced by $22 million
In addition, I am very pleased to report that over the two-year period ending December 31, 2005, Glatfelter generated total shareholder return of 21% representing top-tier performance in the paper industry.
Our philosophy of concentrating on the few things that matter most and executing them well drove this superior performance. Despite a highly challenging market environment, we directed the energies of the entire enterprise on two Focus Points – the restructuring of our North American operations and revenue growth from our Long Fiber and Overlay Papers business.
During the year, the benefits of our North American Restructuring Program continued to mount. Step- change improvements in cost reduction and productivity were achieved at the Spring Grove mill. Productivity improvements progressed at the Neenah facility. And
we redoubled our efforts to enhance logistics and supply chain practices as raw material costs climbed $8 million over 2004. We continued to improve our integrated sales and operations planning process to proactively anticipate market dynamics. The effort helped avoid market-related production downtime and improved inventory efficiency. By year-end, the North American Restructuring Program generated almost $20 million in economic benefit, meeting our expectations.
The Specialty Papers business recorded another solid year of growth with sales increasing by 13%. Both volume
and pricing strengthened as the year progressed. For the fifth year in a row, Engineered Products achieved double- digit volume growth. The higher sales revenue was supported by a proven new product development process. New product development and service innovation
again accounted for over 50% of our revenues. We also strengthened our balance sheet through insurance recoveries related to the Fox River and by monetizing assets with timberland sales. These actions will add $24 million in after-tax proceeds and will enhance our financial flexibility.
However, our performance was tempered by disappointing results within the Long Fiber and Overlay Papers business. Early in the year, we had projected strong growth that simply never materialized. The shortfall was caused by weak economic conditions in Europe, a loss of market share in Composite Laminates and slower than expected acceptance of new Technical Specialties papers. Quite frankly, we faced greater
Letter to Our Shareholders
George H. Glatfelter II
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

rr
to Ou
technical and commercial challenges than initially minimized environmental liabilities. All of these efforts anticipated and sales were slow in developing. finally bore fruit in the turnaround of 2004 and were
In response, we implemented the EURO Program, a
sweeping workforce efficiency effort deployed at each
of our European facilities. Modeled after the North
As we look toward 2006, we believe the present market fundamentals will remain in place in the near term. We expect strong demand and strengthening prices will continue for our Specialty Papers products. But the unrelenting rise in input costs will continue to pressure margins. The execution of the EURO Program will begin to address the challenges facing the Long Fiber and Overlay Papers business unit. We are encouraged by signs of improving demand in this business, particularly in the Food and Beverage markets. However, sluggish economic conditions and a supply-demand imbalance in the Composite Laminates segment will continue to adversely impact the unit’s performance.
Within Glatfelter, one of our strategic principles is to continually seek to re-deploy assets to maximize value. One of these initiatives involves actively managing our timberlands in ways that create the greatest value for shareholders. Over the last few years, Glatfelter sold approximately 33,000 acres of woodlands for about $115 million. After an extensive study, we recently announced our intent to sell an additional 40,000 acres of higher and better use (HBU) timberlands over the next three to five years. The company will manage this sale in a thoughtful and deliberate process that maximizes asset value. By monetizing non-strategic timber resources, we can raise an estimated $150 million to $200 million in pre-tax cash to strengthen our balance sheet and increase financial flexibility. Glatfelter intends to retain its remaining 40,000 acres of pure timberlands to supplement the fiber requirements of the Spring Grove facility.
As we evaluate our progress, it’s clear we set aggressive goals and for the most part, achieved them. Yet during 2005, as we critically assessed the capabilities of the business, we realized that the company had reached a crossroads. Over the last five years, we had successfully transformed our business from an “old line” paper company to a global supplier of Specialty Papers and Engineered Products. With a disciplined approach and motivated leadership, our organization instituted a new business model, filled our mills with new specialty products, cut costs and embedded best practices. We rationalized underperforming assets, reduced debt and
reconfirmed by last year’s performance. While our progress was rewarding, ongoing structural changes within the industry threatened its sustainability. We
American Restructuring Plan, EURO will generate significant improvements in our cost structure and productivity. We expect this initiative will yield between $7 million to $9 million in annualized economic benefit by 2008.
point” – a time when the business either climbs to new heights or spirals into decline. Our Directors and Senior Management Team recognized that standing still was not an option. We have a responsibility to act and embrace generational change for the benefit of all stakeholders.
viewed this critical period as a strategic “inflection
Our leadership team looked through the inflection
point and recognized that only by creating our own opportunities could we realize step-change improvements in shareholder value.
We identified four 2006 Focus Point objectives that will guide us on this journey. They are the things that will matter most to us in the year ahead.
• We will maintain the health of the business and improve the 2006-2007 earnings stream. This will include continued implementation of the EURO Program
and enhanced business processes, such as sales and operations planning and project management within the Long Fiber and Overlay Papers business unit.
• We will maximize opportunities that play to the company’s strengths. We must unlock the great potential of our Food and Beverage business and extend our global manufacturing footprint.
• We will actively pursue opportunities to strategically grow our business. Glatfelter will cast a wider net
to uncover acquisition targets in core and adjacent businesses that make sense for our shareholders.
• And finally, we must remain flexible to address the shifting context of our business environment. We are committed to staying vigilant and flexible for opportunities that will build shareholder value.
Strong execution of these Focus Points will enable the company to grow in a material way. However, history has shown that although it is very easy to grow in the paper industry, the ability to grow well and thereby generate sustainable value has proven to be very difficult.
Recognizing that acquisitions are risky ventures, we have developed a highly disciplined approach to growth. This approach identifies and evaluates potential assets that, when combined with Glatfelter operations, will support breakthroughs in value creation. The process is based on a rigorous set of criteria that assesses a target’s potential. We believe any acquisition must be accretive to earnings, exceed its cost of capital and maintain the

rh
Share
strength and flexibility of our balance sheet. In addition, have worked extremely hard over the years in their candidates for acquisition must have leading positions in attempt to overcome unrelenting increases in input costs. defensible market niches and be supported by a strong In the end, the mountain was simply too steep to climb. management team. Economic realities drove our conclusion to close the
As we entered 2006, Glatfelter identified assets that
of our Neenah employees.
we believe meet or exceed all of these criteria. In late
February, the company announced the signing of a As CEO, I’ve come to realize that the most difficult definitive agreement to acquire NewPage Corporation’s decisions are invariably the ones that most need to be
Carbonless Paper business for $80 million. The transaction is an excellent opportunity to purchase world-class production assets at an attractive price. It represents a significant milestone in fulfilling our vision of becoming the global supplier of choice in Specialty Papers and Engineered Products. Based in Chillicothe and Fremont, Ohio, these assets had 2005 revenues estimated at $440 million. Their specialty products, state-of-the-art papermaking technologies and knowledgeable employees are an exceptional fit with our company’s strengths and capabilities. We anticipate the acquisition will achieve the following benefits:
• A highly accretive projected earnings profile – $0.10 - $0.15 per share in 2006, excluding one-time costs, and $0.45 - $0.50 per share in 2007
• Revenues are estimated to increase to approximately $1 billion
• EBITDA improvement by over $35 million in 2007
• A highly attractive valuation at less than two times expected EBITDA improvement
• The transaction price is lower than the $87 million in assumed working capital
In addition, the transaction’s structure allows us to maintain a strong balance sheet with little or no net increase in fixed assets, and the anticipated earnings improvement should enhance our credit profile. The capabilities of these new assets will accelerate the growth of our specialty product lines and will permit us to significantly reduce cost, raise productivity and enhance flexibility in our North American operations.
While a definitive agreement does not ensure the NewPage transaction will be consummated, we are optimistic the acquisition will close on or about March 31, 2006. We are truly excited about this acquisition and believe that it offers great opportunity to realize step-change improvements in our North American Specialty Papers business.
Our excitement about this acquisition is tempered, however, by the decision to permanently close the Neenah, Wisconsin facility. Glatfelter PEOPLE in Neenah
made. For instance, some might say it was good luck that we happened across this acquisition opportunity. But we believe we created our own luck by making the painful decisions needed over the years to transform and reposition the company. Glatfelter is now poised to enter a new stage of growth and value creation. We accept the challenge this opportunity provides. Yet, we understand that opportunity does not guarantee performance, and the most difficult work is still to come. Our organization is prepared and ready; we have identified the best path forward; and we embrace the change that opportunity requires.
In closing, I would like to recognize the contributions of John C. van Roden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will be retiring later in the year. John joined Glatfelter in 2003 with the desire to conclude his professional career with an organization in which he could “make a difference.” Clearly he has accomplished his objective. John has made many friends along the way and I am proud to count myself as one of them. I know that all shareholders will join me in thanking John for his many contributions over the past few years and wishing him the best in a well-earned retirement. As part of a planned succession, John P. Jacunski, our present Vice President and Controller, will step into the Chief Financial Officer position on July 1, 2006.
Finally, this year of progress would not have been possible without the support and commitment of our shareholders and Glatfelter PEOPLE at each of our facilities. I thank you for your patience and understanding over the years as we have shaped our company for success. And I ask you to share our excitement and enthusiasm as we embark on Glatfelter’s next era of growth.
George H. Glatfelter II
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
March 7, 2006
mill, not lack of faith in the dedication or commitment
 