DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
It is my distinct pleasure to write to you today as your recently appointed president and chief executive officer. I appreciate
the confidence and support that the Board of Directors has shown in me, and I am truly honored to succeed George Glatfelter in this role and lead Glatfelter at this exciting time in the Company’s history.
For the past 12 years, George Glatfelter skillfully led the Company and guided it through several business cycles, significant geographic and market expansion, and four acquisitions to strategically repo- sition the business. He and I have worked together since 1997, and I would like to thank George for his support and encouragement throughout my career with Glatfelter. Although we are different people, we do share similar values and ideals, and at the top of the list is an unwavering faith in Glatfelter PEOPLE, whose integrity, resiliency and resourcefulness are central to our ongoing strength as a Company. With- out a doubt, our PEOPLE are a big part of my high level of optimism about what lies ahead for Glatfelter as we embrace The Continuity of Change.
2010 Accomplishments
I am pleased to report that we ended 2010 and entered 2011 financially strong and well positioned for continued growth. The year was marked by a number of financial, operational and strategic accom- plishments, as well as the challenges of integrating
a major acquisition, improving operational efficiency, and responding to some unevenness in the eco- nomic recovery. I am pleased with how the Company
Dante C. Parrini
President and Chief Executive Officer
   Without a doubt, our PEOPLE are a big part of my high level of optimism about what lies ahead for Glatfelter as we embrace The Continuity of Change.
     
handled the challenges and opportunities, and the results we achieved.
From a financial perspective in 2010, we were able to increase net sales by approximately 23 percent, which increased business unit operating income by
23 percent to $95.7 million and adjusted earnings
per share by approximately 38 percent to $0.88 per diluted share. These strong results were driven primar- ily by our Composite Fibers business, which effectively parlayed its leading market position into a 13 percent year-over-year increase in shipments and continued to realize operating efficiencies from ongoing continu- ous improvement initiatives. Similarly, our Specialty Papers business finished the year with higher year- over-year shipments, again outperforming the broader uncoated free-sheet market, and generated increased operating profit for the sixth consecutive year.
From an operations standpoint, the success of our continuous improvement programs was reflected in our strong bottom-line performance and our ability to generate the free cash flow necessary to execute our smart growth strategy. This strategy depends on prudent reinvestment in our operations and targeted acquisitions of strategic assets that further expand our value creation potential. For 2010, free cash flow (cash provided by operations less capital expenditures) was $131.5 million.
From a strategic standpoint, 2010 was a break- out year for our Composite Fibers business, which has become the world leader in materials for the expanding tea and coffee industry, among others. With operating margins up 226 basis points resulting in a 50 percent improvement in operating income, it is apparent to us that our strategy of driving market- leading positions through innovation and continuous improvement is on target and working as designed
to deliver outstanding value to both customers and shareholders. The same can be said of our strategy for the Specialty Papers business, which continues to thrive as a nimble and sustainable niche player due to its ongoing new product and business development efforts, and rigorous cost control initiatives.
Clearly, our most significant strategic move in 2010 was the acquisition of Concert Industries, now known as our Advanced Airlaid Materials business. This acquisition, our fourth since 2006, provides us access to the fast-growing feminine hygiene and adult incontinence markets globally. Over the course of the year, we began addressing this business’ oper- ating efficiencies by aggressively implementing con- tinuous improvement initiatives similar to those we have successfully instituted elsewhere in our business. Although we did not meet our expectations for this business in 2010, we continue to refine the business and we are excited about its growth opportunities.
growing glatfelter in 2011 and Beyond
As we aspire to become the global supplier of choice in specialty papers and engineered products, we remain vigilant in growing the business smartly
to ensure we are creating sustainable value for our shareholders. Specialty papers remains a cornerstone, and, yet, nearly half of our business now comes from some form of a fiber-based engineered material.
The continued diversification will enable us to build
  I am pleased with how the Company handled the challenges and opportunities, and the results we achieved.
 3

 We remain vigilant in growing the business smartly to ensure we are creating sustainable value for our shareholders.
 a more resilient business by adapting to the needs
of an ever-changing world, profitably growing our business, and delivering distinctive value to customers and investors alike.
In order to grow Glatfelter in 2011 and beyond, we will focus on four core growth drivers:
• In the area of GLOBALIZATION, we will continue to grow our business by supporting our multinational, market-making customers, such as those serving the feminine hygiene and tea and coffee markets. We will seek to further expand into new geographies and attractive adjacent markets, while leveraging our newly created scale to extend our competitive positioning and source materials and services more efficiently.
We will strive to continue delivering at least 50 percent of annual sales from products less than five years old.
• Finally, we will ensure the long-term competi- tiveness of our organization by further expanding our CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT efforts. Doing so will enable us to aggressively manage costs while keeping safety and quality a top priority, develop the talent of Glatfelter PEOPLE, and strengthen our busi- ness processes worldwide. We will target generating savings equal to 1 percent of annual sales from our continuous improvement initiatives.
In capitalizing on these growth opportunities,
we will continue to be guided by our Core Values – integrity, financial discipline, mutual respect, customer focus, and environmental and social responsibility. I believe in the strength of our culture and I am proud of how Glatfelter PEOPLE exemplify these values on a daily basis. I also believe we have the scale, collective will and capabilities to take this company to the next level of performance.
For more insight on how we are embracing
The Continuity of Change, I invite you to review
the Q&A discussion on the following pages. I look forward to updating you on our progress as we move the Company forward and I thank you for your continued interest in Glatfelter.
Sincerely,
Dante C. Parrini
President and Chief Executive Officer March 11, 2011
• Continued advancements in SPECIALIZATION will ensure we are able to adapt quickly to chang- ing market dynamics, preserve our enviable position as the supplier of choice, and bolster the Glatfelter brand with technically superior, high-value offerings.
• By increasing our focus on INNOVATION,
we will leverage – and exploit – our institutional speed, knowledge and technical capabilities to better position Glatfelter as the innovation partner of choice, meeting customers’ needs for distinctive, environmentally and financially sustainable solutions.
 4
