     2
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
In my letter to you a year ago, I stated that in light of the severe macroeconomic conditions confronting the business, our goal for 2009 was to preserve the Company’s financial core while positioning us to take full advantage of opportunities as these conditions moderated. Our objective was to emerge a stronger Company –
not just a survivor.
To accomplish this objective, we focused the organization on three areas of our busi- ness: 1) preserving the strength of the balance sheet by improving our cash flow profile and driving down debt; 2) putting the needs of customers first by ensuring them that we would remain a stable and secure supply partner; and 3) reminding each employee that Glatfelter PEOPLE matter, and that they can make a difference through continuous cost reduction, improved business processes and active collaboration.
I am proud to report to you today that we not only achieved our goals – we exceeded them.
2009 was an excellent year for Glatfelter, with both strong financial results and notable
operational success. Our performance was a testament to the soundness of our strategy, the strength and resilience of our specialized business model and the commitment of Glatfelter PEOPLE around the world.
For Glatfelter, the story of 2009 is one
of precise strategic execution, which drove solid results, thereby positioning our business to enter 2010 with renewed momentum. Not many companies that I know of can make that claim. And I think that’s a strong statement to our shareholders.
The following list of key achievements confirms the progress we made throughout the year. I must say that I could not be more pleased with the results.
George H. Glatfelter II
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2009 Financial Highlights
• Generated free cash flow of $138 million
• Increased adjusted EBITDA in 2009
compared to 2008
• Expanded EBITDA margins to 10.6 percent
from 10.0 percent in 2008
• Improved operating profit for Specialty
Papers by 13.6 percent to $55.9 million
• Improved working capital management
to generate $47 million of cash flow
• Reduced net debt by $128 million
In many ways, the results speak for themselves. We not only protected the balance sheet, we improved it. We capitalized on non- traditional cash generating activities, generating $30 million of cash from the use of alternative fuels under the Alternative Fuel Mixture (AFM) legislation and $5 million through the sale
of Renewable Energy Credits. In the face of uncertain sales demand, we developed more than 60,000 tons of new business through aggressive prospecting and leveraging the new product capabilities and operational flexibility of the organization. This capability allowed Glatfelter to keep its North American sales volume virtually flat on a year-over-year basis despite volume in the markets served by the Company declining by 16 percent.
Finally, and perhaps most significantly, while others were internally focused and distracted, Glatfelter had the management capacity, financial flexibility and courage to seek out opportunities to further advance our long-term strategy. We moved forward to open a sales and distribution office in Moscow, Russia for our Food and Beverage and Metallized customers in that region. And we
positioned the Company to take the next step in its visionary journey through the acquisition of Concert Industries.
Creating indelible linkage between oper- ating strategy and business results – that is the reason Glatfelter is a stronger Company today than when I last wrote to you one year ago.
Looking Ahead
As for the upcoming year, it seems to me that much of the economic chaos that defined 2009 is behind us. At the same time, recovery is likely to be an extended and rather choppy experience. Regardless, I am excited about 2010 because I believe Glatfelter has several value drivers in place that will be of benefit
to shareholders.
First and foremost, I expect to be able
to sustain our strong cash flow throughout
the year – thanks, in large part, to the steady performance of our U.S.-based Specialty Papers Business Unit and supplemented by an additional $58 million of cash from AFM credits. We also expect strengthening demand in markets served by our Europe-based Composite Fibers Business Unit to contribute to our top-line growth, which we will bring to the bottom line. From a balance sheet perspective, a primary focus will be to utilize the strong cash generation profile of the business, as well as potential additional sales of our remaining 32,250 acres of timberland, to further enhance our financial flexibility.
Similarly, I am excited about the addition of Concert Industries, a target of ours for many years given our ongoing interest in the global airlaid non-wovens market. I believe we bought this business at the right time and for the
 Our Core Values
Virtually every day we rely on our values to frame a decision, develop a strategy or guide us in other ways. We believe our values, combined with our business model and our PEOPLE, allow us to continue to generate sustainable value creation.
Our core values are clear and consistent:
Integrity: We are ethical and responsible in all of our business endeavors, all
the time.
Financial Discipline: We are responsible for the prudent management of the resources entrusted to us and for the generation of financial value for
all constituents.
Mutual Respect: We treat each other with honesty and respect. We recognize that what we have and what we will achieve is through the efforts of our employees. We will strive to provide them with rewarding challenges and opportunities for advancement.
Customer Focus: We are dedicated to understanding and anticipating the needs of our customers and helping them to achieve their business objectives.
Environmental Responsibility: We recognize that our business impacts the environment. We are committed to continuous environmental improvement and the prevention of pollution. We will be in compliance with all environmental laws and regulations.
Social Responsibility: We recognize our responsibility to contribute to the betterment of the communities in which we operate and the world in which
we live.
3

 “...we not only achieved our goals – we exceeded them.”
right price. Concert is viewed as the innova- tion leader in the highly defensible, technically demanding feminine hygiene and adult incon- tinence market segments. The acquisition will immediately rebalance the Glatfelter product portfolio to growth markets and substantially expand our global footprint. The acquisition is expected to be modestly accretive to earnings in 2010 and deliver $0.20 to $0.25 per diluted share of earnings accretion in 2011. We view Concert as a well-run business that is prepared to make the next step. Glatfelter has the scale, know-how and financial strength to make that next step a reality. I believe our businesses
are a perfect fit.
Long-Term View
2009 was a great test for Glatfelter and its PEOPLE, one that I believe we passed with flying colors. And, while 2009 was a watershed year for us in many ways, I believe it is also just another example of our Company’s enduring resiliency and strength of conviction. In this re- spect, it may be helpful to reflect for a moment upon Glatfelter’s heritage. Our Company was founded in 1864. The battle of Gettysburg had just been fought 20 miles to the west of our founding location. In our 146-year history, this Company has survived the Great Depression, two World Wars, innumerable military, social and political upheavals and even disco music. Our business culture is based upon sustain- ability. And we know that uncertain times offer unique opportunity for organizations focused upon a clear plan. 2009 was not the toughest year we’ve ever faced and it won’t be the
last tough year to come. The hallmark of a
sustainable organization is found in its ability to survive and grow stronger through genera- tional challenges. 2009 was yet another step in our journey.
In summary, while external influences caused us to modify our operating strategy early in 2009, the results we generated simply could not have happened without the solid performance and deep commitment of Glatfelter PEOPLE everywhere. Most rewarding to me is that our success in large part resulted from improved business processes and principles of continuous improvement that
are now embedded in the organization. By implementing the operating strategy to drive results, we not only delivered strong financial performance in 2009, but also emerged with clear momentum for our future.
On the following pages, I invite you to read more about Glatfelter’s proven strategy, strong results and powerful momentum. We hope you’ll agree that this Company has come a long way over the past 12 months and, in so doing, has created significantly more growth opportunities for the future.
On behalf of my fellow Directors, our man- agement team and the PEOPLE of Glatfelter,
I thank you for your ongoing interest and investment in our Company. I look forward to updating you on our progress moving forward.
Sincerely,
George H. Glatfelter II
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2010
 4
