  DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
  Dante C. Parrini Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
2
I AM PLEASED TO REPORT THAT GLATFELTER ACHIEVED RECORD REVENUE AND SUBSTANTIAL GAINS IN PROFITABILITY AND CASH FLOW DURING 2013.
More importantly, we put our strategy in motion to build a global, multicultural enterprise that can compete in a faster-growing, more dynamic world economy. Our strategy: grow revenues and achieve higher profits from our global fiber-based engineered materials businesses while leveraging the strong cash flow from mature product lines to fund our initiatives.
I want to thank all Glatfelter PEOPLE who helped advance our strategy through determined execution, great attention
to customer care, and the pursuit of operational excellence. Their dedication and perseverance enabled us to make significant progress despite a most
unusual operating environment. We overcame floods at two facilities, fires at two others, and fiber supply shortages caused by the worst typhoon in Philippine history. In addition, short-term operating disruptions hindered performance and limited profitability in the second half of the year.
Despite these challenges, we experienced higher sales and market share gains in all of our business units. These accomplishments supported strong financial results and considerable year- over-year improvement. Adjusted earnings grew 13% over 2012 on revenues that

 rose 9%. Our share price was up 58%
at end of year, and our three-year total shareholder return of 142% outperformed all of our benchmark indices and peer groups. Strong cash flows enabled us
to increase the dividend for the first time in 20 years and maintain our return on capital employed (ROCE) at a level
well above our weighted average cost
of capital.
We realized this performance while continuing to make investments in our people, processes, and new products – key elements for sustaining our growth.
ACHIEVING A STRATEGIC
INFLECTION POINT
The success of our strategy was clearly exemplified in 2013 when, for the first time, more than 50% of Glatfelter’s earnings came from our global growth businesses – Composite Fibers and Advanced Airlaid Materials. Glatfelter’s global scale, innovation, quality, and service leadership drove growth in key markets such as single-serve coffee, tea, technical specialties, and personal hygiene. These business units hold the largest share positions and strongest relationships with market-leading customers, factors that bode well for continued organic growth.
Composite Fibers reported another strong year of sales and profitability as robust markets readily consumed our high-value products. Margins improved
and operating profit climbed 73%, from $36 million in 2012 to $62 million in 2013. The business unit successfully completed a $50 million expansion that gives us more capacity to serve thriving global markets.
We leveraged our strong balance sheet to acquire Dresden Papier, the leading global supplier of nonwoven
wall cover base materials. Operating
as part of Composite Fibers, Dresden provides entrée into a growing market that strengthens our fiber-based engineered materials portfolio. The transaction prompted a step-change improvement in our market capitalization and share price. It exemplified how
we can successfully identify, acquire,
and integrate niche specialty businesses that add exceptional value for
our shareholders.
Advanced Airlaid Materials continued its steady progress, despite fires at its Gatineau and Falkenhagen mills that cost almost $2 million. Thankfully,
no one was hurt and the mills promptly restored operations in an impressive fashion. In the face of these challenges, the business unit’s revenue was up 9% and operating profit increased 19%
over 2012. Our results were fueled
by healthy market growth and the introduction of next-generation products. Today, customers view Glatfelter as the pre-eminent worldwide airlaid supplier
to the personal care segment.
“The success of our strategy was clearly exemplified in 2013 when, for the first time, more than 50% of Glatfelter’s earnings came from our global growth businesses – Composite Fibers and Advanced Airlaid Materials.”
Specialty Papers endured the bottom of the market cycle in 2013, contending with reduced customer demand, lower product pricing, and declining industry operating rates. The business unit also experienced unplanned downtime
and asset reliability issues that created additional cost penalties. These factors drove down operating profit by 41% versus 2012. However, Specialty Papers made solid progress in new product and new business development, helping us grow market share and allowing us to outperform the uncoated free-sheet market for the ninth consecutive year.
Much of Glatfelter’s progress was driven by an intense focus on continuous improvement, which has become an integral part of the company’s operating DNA. Successful initiatives ranged from the “Managing for Daily Improvement” program, which is focused on shop floor
 GLATFELTER 2013 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 excellence, to the “LEAD at Glatfelter” management development program. Our continuous improvement efforts met their target savings of 2% to 3% of sales and should generate substantial value in the years ahead.
2014 – OUR EXPECTATIONS
We anticipate a somewhat improved economic environment in 2014, characterized by modest growth. With compelling products, distinctive value propositions and strong customer relationships, plus additional capacity, we are well positioned to execute our strategy in both growing and mature markets.
Composite Fibers will benefit from 3% to 7% growth rates in the tea, single-serve coffee, and technical specialty markets, plus 12 months of Dresden results. Dresden’s capacity improvements
will help meet the added demand for nonwoven wall coverings that is climbing at 10% per year.
Advanced Airlaid Materials is solidifying its leadership in the personal care segment by making steady operating improvements and targeted capacity expansion investments. It is strongly positioned for success in a segment growing 5% per year.
The market environment is firming at Specialty Papers and the building blocks are in place for improved performance. U.S. capacity closures were announced
by competitors during 2013 that will remove 9% of the industry’s production. This will substantially impact the pricing environment and should enhance the business unit’s capability to generate higher earnings and cash flow. In addition, we are aggressively resolving Specialty Papers’ pulp production problems.
Our four growth drivers play an essential role in powering our operating model.
We are pursuing opportunities that will expand and strengthen our global footprint. For example, we’re converting our Chinese representative’s office to
a sales and distribution operation to
fulfill the country’s growing appetite for nonwoven wall covering, personal care, and tea products. In addition, the Dresden acquisition raises our visibility in Eastern Europe, and establishes another growth platform in the Asia-Pacific region.
We’re accelerating our quest for specialization in fiber-based engineered materials – continuing to push for higher levels of innovation. Approximately 50% of our total revenue comes from products less than five years old. Our new business
    4

 and product development efforts will accelerate as leading customers demand more from their key strategic suppliers. That means filling out existing product lines and creating next-generation technologies for core products.
We will escalate our quest for continuous improvement by pushing our goal toward 3% of revenue. We must continually challenge ourselves to operate more productively and efficiently.
And we will leverage our strong balance sheet by exploring new acquisitions that match our strategy
and return profile. By making careful investments, we can extend our product lines or access new geographic markets in ways that build significant and immediate value.
EXCITING OPPORTUNITIES
IN OUR 150TH YEAR
In 2014, Glatfelter commemorates
its 150th anniversary. We see more opportunities to generate sustainable value than ever before. Our confidence
is high, driven by Glatfelter’s promising fundamentals. Specialty Papers will have higher operating rates and a better pricing environment; Composite Fibers will have greater capacity to meet growing demand, plus a full year of Dresden results; and Advanced Airlaid Materials has the potential for a record year.
We hold leading positions in our product categories, and have customers that view us as a high-integrity, value- added supplier. We’re focusing on the things we can control and emphasizing consistent day-to-day execution to solve the short-term operating issues that have
limited performance. And a strong balance sheet allows investment for growth in smart and thoughtful ways.
As we celebrate our 150th year, our strategy is in motion – and it’s working. We’re committed to sustaining the solid record of profitable growth achieved
in recent years. Glatfelter PEOPLE are striving for excellence as we seek new opportunities around the world. We know that journey is only beginning, and we’re confident in our capabilities – to increase profitability, strengthen cash flows,
and create new value that benefits
all stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Dante C. Parrini
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2014
      GLATFELTER 2013 ANNUAL REPORT 5
