                         Letter to Our Shareholders
  George H. Glatfelter II Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholder:
As I reflect on the Glatfelter Company and the events of the past year, two concepts come to mind: transformation and differentiation.
In 2006, your Board of Directors and leadership team took important strategic actions to change – and enhance – nearly every aspect of our business. Through acquisitions, we broadened our global footprint and constructed a highly specialized business model that emphasizes higher- margin niche products. Unrelenting activities to reduce Glatfelter’s cost structure have yielded results that exceeded our expectations. We also expanded the management team with executives whose skills complement our strategy, further honed our business capabilities in the areas of marketing and new product development and aggressively worked to strengthen the balance sheet. As a result of these actions, Glatfelter has truly transformed its business and our vision of being the global supplier of
choice in Specialty Papers and Engineered Products is becoming a reality.
Although we still have work to do, the Company’s solid performance supports our confidence in Glatfelter’s continued success. For example, in 2006 we:
• Increased adjusted earnings by 57% to $0.55 per share;
• Grew net sales in our Specialty Papers business by 82% to $693.7 million;
• Grew Composite Fibers net sales by 48% to $292.8 million;
• Exceeded targets in our EURO Cost Reduction Program by 54% generating $8 million in savings; • Achieved a 5% increase in the average selling price in the Specialty Papers Business Unit; and • Exceeded our annual goal of 50% of revenue generated from the sale of new products.
These results, combined with crisp execution and our continued focus on the “few things that matter most,” enabled us to deliver a 34% return to Glatfelter’s shareholders over the past three years, significantly outperforming the Company’s peer group, which returned 11% over the same period. We are just beginning however, as Glatfelter is poised for sustained value creation, which in my view will further differentiate us from our peers.
Glatfelter’s Foundation for Growth and Differentiation
History has shown that acquisitions are easy to come by in this industry. However, good acquisitions – ones that result in value creation – are rarer. Making an acquisition that creates value is a matter of establishing strong criteria and exercising strict discipline, which is what we did in 2006 with our acquisitions of the facilities in Chillicothe, Ohio and Lydney, U.K.
Chillicothe
In April of 2006, we strengthened Glatfelter’s Specialty Papers business with the acquisition of Chillicothe and the subsequent shutdown of a less competitive facility in Neenah, Wisconsin. Chillicothe more than doubled our specialty papers capacity and created significant economies of scale. Even more compelling, however, is that this acquisition made us better, not simply bigger.
Prior to our acquisition, more than $530 million had been invested in the Chillicothe facility to provide it with state-of-the-art production and converting capabilities. To capture the full benefit of this low-cost operating platform, in June of 2006, we began transferring 125,000 tons of higher-margin book paper

                          products to Chillicothe from the Neenah facility and implemented a mill-wide operations improvement plan to enhance productivity and yields. We have made significant progress on these and other integration initiatives. Since the third quarter of 2006, book paper production volume at Chillicothe has increased by 29%, and total mill production volume has improved by 11%. Additionally, the production transfer to Chillicothe has displaced the unprofitable commodity paper grades that were previously produced there.
In addition, Chillicothe’s carbonless paper products complement Glatfelter’s specialty product expertise. To improve results in this business, we exited certain unprofitable export products. This, together with lower industry demand impacted carbonless volumes during the year. However, we expect the Company’s strong market position and the carbonless paper price increases established in mid-2006 to help offset these declines and drive $6 million to $8 million of benefits in 2007.
Already, the Chillicothe acquisition has been additive to our earnings, and we expect the acquisition to provide a substantial return on investment. As we move forward, Glatfelter’s Specialty Papers Business Unit will remain focused on achieving our integration objectives, further improving our cost structure, and accelerating revenue and margin growth across Glatfelter’s product lines.
Lydney
Like Chillicothe, the acquisition of the Lydney facility last year significantly enhanced Glatfelter’s growth profile. In addition to building on our strengths in long-fiber and wet laid non-woven products, such as tea and coffee filter papers, Lydney significantly extended our geographic reach into key markets that we had targeted for growth, such as the United Kingdom, Asia and the Americas.
We received unconditional clearance from the European Commission in December for the Lydney acquisition and are actively integrating this business. We are on track to realize the expected financial upside from Lydney, including an increase to our EBITDA of approximately $11 million annually beginning at the end of 2007.
The benefits provided by the Chillicothe and Lydney acquisitions affirm our belief that these were the right strategic transactions for our Company, and we remain as excited today as the day we announced them.
Operational Excellence and Innovation Support Glatfelter’s Sustained Success
While the integration of our two acquisitions remains critical to achieving our long-term growth goals, Glatfelter’s success also depends on our legacy businesses. To mitigate the cyclicality inherent in our industry, the strategy for our legacy businesses is focused on aggressively reducing costs and generating new demand through innovative, value-added products that better meet our customers’ needs. In 2006, we had solid performance here as well.
Operational Excellence
Following the restructuring of our North American operations in 2005, which generated $19 million in annual savings, we launched a similar program for our European operations in 2006. Through this program, which has now been fully implemented, we have redesigned our workforce, expanded supply-chain management strategies and enhanced new product development activities. These and other actions have enabled us to generate over $8 million of cost savings – nearly one year ahead of schedule.
Innovation
At Glatfelter, our commitment to innovation is driving volume growth, market share gains and margin expansion.

                         In 2006, we launched a variety of new products to bolster Glatfelter’s position as the supplier of choice to our specialty paper customers. These products are helping our customers and Glatfelter better compete in the marketplace. In fact, new products helped drive a 16% volume growth in Glatfelter’s Composite Fibers business unit, including 11% growth in the Food & Beverage market segment. In addition, new products serving high-value niche segments continue to generate over 50% of the Company’s annual revenue.
Timberland Monetization Program Progressing
As part of our efforts to ensure that Glatfelter’s assets create the greatest value for shareholders, we announced plans in early 2006 to monetize a substantial portion of the Company’s timberland assets. Since that time, we have expanded our program to include an additional 20,000 acres in Pennsylvania. Our timberland strategy is expected to generate proceeds in excess of $150 million over the next two to four years, assuming, among other factors, acceptable market conditions. We completed nearly $17 million of timberland sales in 2006 and are targeting another $50 million in 2007. The proceeds from these sales will be used to reduce the Company’s debt as required by Glatfelter’s existing covenants.
Looking Forward with Confidence
2006 was a year of transformation and differentiation for Glatfelter. We established leading positions in growing, niche markets around the world and, as a result, now benefit from higher margins than many other commodity producers. Through restructuring, we created a solid operating platform that offers efficiency and flexibility. From a financial perspective, we maintained discipline, particularly with respect to cost reductions and capital expenditures.
We enter 2007 as a stronger company with a clear plan to maintain the momentum and establish a new generation of growth for Glatfelter’s shareholders. Our goals for 2007 include:
• Aggressively integrate the Lydney facility and continue to improve Chillicothe’s operations to drive
efficiencies up, and costs out;
• Broaden our geographic footprint with particular emphasis upon high-margin food & beverage papers;
• Continue to build on the strong performance of our legacy businesses through operational excellence
and continuous improvement; and
• Make smart and timely decisions to maximize the value of our timberlands assets and enhance the
Company’s financial flexibility.
Together with our Glatfelter PEOPLE around the world – all 3,700 of them – I am confident that we have the capabilities, products and vision necessary to capture the opportunities in our marketplace and deliver superior returns to our shareholders.
On behalf of the Glatfelter team, I thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
George H. Glatfelter II
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer March 21, 2007
 