 to our Shareholders:
CORNING INCORPORATED’S PERFORMANCE DURING 2004 TELLS A STORY NOT ONLY OF TURNAROUND, BUT OF GROWTH. IT IS A STORY NOT ONLY OF SURVIVING THE GREATEST CHALLENGES IN OUR HISTORY, BUT OF THRIVING AGAIN IN SOME OF THE WORLD’S MOST EXCITING TECHNOLOGY MARKETS.
For two years in a row, Corning management and staff all over the world have delivered significant improvement for our shareholders, continuing to implement the plan our Management Committee formulated and launched in mid- 2002. We have rebuilt a strong financial foundation for the company — and in turn, we have been able to invest in several significant growth initiatives that are building our strategic position and yielding returns for our shareholders.
We continue to be at the leading edge of a wide variety of high-growth industries — certainly with our liquid crystal display products, but also as innovation leaders in environ- mental and telecommunications products. Additionally, we are making significant technology advances in products for the life sciences industry.
Across all these activities, we are focused on a strategy that will fuel our long-term growth and sustain shareholder value. And we are executing that strategy on an increasingly global scale. Asia, in particular, has become a technology hotbed for the entire world, and we are operating effectively within that region to fully leverage all our global opportunities.
Our priorities for 2004
As we have done for the past few years, we structured our operating plan for 2004 against a set of very specific priori- ties. Here’s a recap of our accomplishments:
I Protecting our financial health
Corning’s liquidity remains strong. We ended the year with $1.9 billion in cash and short-term investments — exceeding the target we had set for ourselves. Our $2 billion revolving credit agreement remains untouched, just as it has been for the past several years.
We reduced our overall debt to less than $2.7 billion. With the non-cash asset write-offs we took in the third quarter, our debt-to-capital ratio increased to 41 percent, but that should come down as we continue to reduce debt in the year ahead.
With all these encouraging factors in place, the major rating agencies improved their view of our credit during 2004. This is an important step toward our return to investment- grade ratings, a goal we are looking forward to achieving
in 2005.
We have continued to focus on achieving positive free cash flow — or, simply put, bringing in more cash from opera- tions than we spend on capital and investments. This is an ongoing challenge, particularly since our renewed growth requires a considerable amount of capital spending. But with a system-wide focus on controlling our spending — even as our overall financial picture improved — we ended the year on the positive side, well ahead of our free cash flow targets.
James R. Houghton
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

I Improving our profitability
Our year-over-year total sales revenues increased nearly
25 percent in 2004. At the same time, we were very rigorous in controlling costs and improving our gross margins. Our Display Technologies segment was a major factor in our revenue improvements, and the performances of our other operating segments gave us confidence in the rest of our diverse business portfolio as well. We were especially encour- aged by the improvement in our wholly-owned business units in 2004. Together, these factors help set the stage
for our profitability goals in the year ahead.
I Investing in the future
As we’ve been reporting to you over the past few years,
we have developed a strong and diverse business portfolio through consistent investment in a broad range of technolo- gies — and during 2004, we continued to focus on securing and extending leadership in our growth markets.
This company grows best by focusing on innovation on a global scale. We have clearly articulated this approach to both our internal organization and to Wall Street — our strength is taking our deep knowledge of materials science and manufacturing processes, and then using them to work collaboratively with our customers to solve tough problems. We follow the trends that benefit society the most — from clean air, to faster communications, to better health care — so that our efforts will always be of high value.
I Living our Values
Underlying all our efforts is an ongoing focus on our Values — the solid foundation that guides how we plan strategically, how we interact with our customers, how we develop our employees and how we manage every other aspect of our business. We are listening intently to our employees at every level of the organization, working hard to maintain an envi- ronment that is challenging, rewarding and creative.
Winning on the global stage
As we continue to evolve as a company, we find we must take advantage of our global position like never before.
In the industries where we participate, the thought leadership is increasingly based outside the United States, particularly in Asia. The consumer electronics industry, including the
liquid crystal display (LCD) business, is a case in point. All our LCD customers — and competitors — are located in Asian countries; this is where the decision-making takes place.
This pattern has formed in many of our other segments as well. In telecommunications, Korea is the country with the highest usage of broadband networks. Many of our telecom competitors are European or Japanese. In environmental products, all of our competitors are Japanese — and in the next 10 years, 40 percent of the growth in worldwide auto production will be in China.
Accordingly, we are in the process of locating portions of our research and manufacturing capacities closer to our customers. And this past year, for the first time, more than half of our workforce was based outside the United States.
We know that in the ever-widening scope of our business, there remain some factors beyond our control. With so many of our revenues coming in non-U.S. currencies, we are subject to significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Our markets are still highly dynamic and they will continue to face ongoing cycles as part of their overall growth pattern. There are obvious political risks in some of the countries where we are operating and trying to expand.
So we are keeping a relentless focus on what we can control. In general, that involves our continuous quest to take unnec- essary costs out of our system — and, at the same time, to reduce complexity and create efficient scalability across all our processes. It’s an enormous challenge — but our formula for addressing it is working.
Why we’re up to the challenge
The Management Committee and I remain as confident as ever that Corning will continue along its path toward long-term growth and shareholder rewards. We base that confidence largely on three things:
THE STRENGTH OF OUR INNOVATION CULTURE. Our strongest competitive strength has always been — and continues to
be — our unparalleled understanding of glass and ceramics, materials science, and in-depth manufacturing and process expertise. Our ongoing investments in research and develop- ment have built a technology portfolio that is both broad and deep. We are working toward our goal of minimizing our dependence on a single technology platform — and thus, being able to better weather inevitable cycles. Our world-

class laboratories at Sullivan Park remain the heart of our innovation culture, and our scientists there have learned to work seamlessly with research teams all over the world.
THE STRENGTH OF OUR LEADERSHIP TEAM. This starts with our Board of Directors, whose members are very active and supportive of the strategic processes that helped us return to stability and thrive once again. It continues with our sea- soned leadership team, a group of men and women who inspire me daily with their wisdom, strategic competencies and deep understanding of Corning’s core businesses and technologies. And these leaders are directing a remarkable, highly dedicated workforce — skilled professionals who have worked together to ensure the future of our company, and who have continued to demonstrate a deep pride of association with Corning.
THE STRENGTH OF OUR VALUES. We remain devoted to the principle that “how we do things” is as important as “what we get done.” And we will never compromise on this issue. Our entire organization has heard me say many times that our Values form the context within which we operate. Our strategy and operating plans form the content of our busi- ness life, but that content is only fruitful within the context formed by our Values — Quality, Integrity, Performance, Leadership, Innovation, Independence and The Individual. Because they address the entire scope of our business responsibilities, the Values help us manage through the tensions that will inevitably arise with the decisions we face every day. And because they have been part of our culture for so many years, it is second nature to us to rely on them to guide our every action. This is exactly what we will continue to do.
Looking ahead
Our history — stretching back more than 150 years and repeating itself, over and over, right up to the current day — shows that our future is as promising as ever. Thank you for sharing my confidence in Corning. I believe the years ahead will be filled with great achievements, great discoveries and great benefits for all our stakeholders.
Sincerely,
James R. Houghton
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
I want to review with you here an announcement that we made in late January.
Back in 2002 — when I returned as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer — the Board of Directors and I had no timetable for how long I would remain in either of these roles. Rather, we agreed to simply wait until the time seemed right to make any major leadership transitions.
And now, three years later, the time is right to implement the succession plans that have been evolving for some time.
Therefore, I recommended to the board in January that Wendell P. Weeks become president and chief executive officer for Corning Incorporated. The board enthusiastically endorsed my recommen- dation. And this transition will take place on April 28, the
day of our annual shareholders meeting.
I also agreed to remain in my active role as Chairman for
as long as the board wishes. And I will continue working very closely with Wendell and the other members of the Management Committee.
Over the past several years, the other board members and I have had the opportunity to observe Wendell during the most difficult time in the company’s history. We are confident that he will pro- vide the vision and day-to-day leadership necessary to carry out the company’s business priorities. His 22 years of leadership expe- rience across a wide variety of businesses has given him a deep understanding of how the company works and what needs to be done for it to continue to perform successfully. He is passionately devoted to the success of the company. He is the right person for the job — and he has the full support of the board and the Management Committee as they continue guiding the company forward.
Corning will remain on the same strategic path we have formu- lated and implemented over recent years. We have made tremen- dous strides in recovering from a wrenching downturn, and we have begun to thrive again — with a very promising future. You can expect that pattern to continue.
I take this opportunity to thank you, our shareholders, for your encouragement and support — and Wendell and I look forward to continuing our service to you.
James R. Houghton
Transitions
 