  Wendell P. Weeks
Toour
shareholders:
It’s my pleasure to report that Corning Incorporated is strong, stable, and growing, despite a very challenging environment.
We entered 2012 knowing that it was going to be a difficult year. In 2011, the company experienced a significant drop in net income, driven by price declines for liquid crystal display glass, price declines on solar products at Dow Corning’s Hemlock Semiconductor Group, and a higher corporate tax rate. We informed shareholders at our annual investor meet- ing in February that we expected these trends to continue in 2012. By the second half of the year, the weak global economy began taking a toll on the company’s performance as well.
But in 161 years, Corning has been through recessions, depressions, world wars, industry meltdowns, and numerous evolutions driven by changing markets. Corning is no stranger to tough times, and the leadership team has worked hard to ensure that the company is stronger than any challenge we face.
Thanks to careful preparation and relentless execution, Corning improved its performance each quarter and ended 2012 with record sales. More importantly, we have laid the foundation for even stronger results in 2013.
The Macro Environment
Before I drill down into our 2012 performance, here’s a brief review of the business environment.
In the second half of 2011, we began seeing evidence that the liquid crystal display market was maturing. A supply- chain correction resulted in lower demand for Corning’s LCD glass, and the industry had two quarters of significant price declines. We also experienced a significant share loss at a large LCD glass customer in Korea, which caused us to lower our financial guidance. At the same time, an upheaval in the solar market for polysilicon and raw-material pricing pressure began negatively impacting our equity venture Dow Corning Corporation.
We knew from the start of 2012 that we could not expect any help from the global economy. We began feeling headwinds in the second quarter, and they intensified as the year pro- gressed. In particular, slowdowns in the European automotive market and global truck industry led to lower sales of Corning’s emissions-control products, while our Telecommunications segment experienced lower sales in Europe and project delays in North America and Australia as customers grew cautious.
No question, it was another tough test for Corning. But we were well prepared, thanks to the Strategy Framework we developed in the wake of the 2002 telecommunications downturn.
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer & President

A Strong Foundation and a Clear Mandate
Our Strategy Framework has three elements: Corning has to grow, we must proactively strive to provide balance and stability to the company, and we must preserve the trust of our stakeholders.
We grow primarily through global innovation. We consistently invest in research and development because we understand that Corning’s future growth will come from the technologies in our labs today. We know that not every idea will succeed, so we pursue a diverse set of opportunities focused on different applications and markets. And we conduct both product and process innovation to create long-term competitive advantage.
Balance comes from business and market diversity, which reduces Corning’s overall volatility. Our ongoing investments in Specialty Materials, Telecommunications, Environmental Technologies, and Life Sciences have helped mitigate the declines in Display Technologies. Our geographic diversity provides balance as well. Approximately 77 percent of Corning’s sales now come from outside the United States, which helps reduce our vulnerability to regional economic fluctuations.
We create stability by vigorously protecting Corning’s balance sheet. We maintain cash in excess of debt and focus on gen- erating strong cash flow. Our strong cash position ensures we have the liquidity to weather tough economic times and the resources to invest in Corning’s future.
Finally, we are guided in everything we do by an unwavering set of Corporate Values. Our Values help us make tough deci- sions and ensure that we are always taking the long view of what’s best for the company and our employees, customers, investors, and the communities where we operate. We revitalize our Values each year, and have systems in place to hold us accountable.
This Strategy Framework serves as our general compass during growth surges as well as business setbacks. However, we also define focused priorities each year based on the existing business environment. In January 2012, we established a clear mandate: Form Bottom and March Up!
Forming bottom refers to stopping the decline in net income, primarily by stabilizing the performance in our Display Tech- nologies segment. We took action in Q4 2011 to bring LCD glass supply in line with demand. This strategy was effective, and price declines moderated as the year progressed. We also signed supply agreements with several industry-leading display manufacturers, which we believe will stabilize our share at each.
Of course, the responsibility for forming bottom did not rest solely with Display Technologies. The entire company aggres- sively controlled costs and made disciplined program choices. And when the weak global economy began significantly impacting our businesses, we announced restructuring actions in the fourth quarter. We adjusted manufacturing operations to market demand, froze most external hiring, lowered capital spending, and made modest reductions to our global sala-
ried workforce. These were very difficult decisions, but they underscored our commitment to protecting Corning’s financial health and restoring growth.
Marching up means increasing Corning’s profitability. That will come from a combination of growth in existing businesses, new innovations, and strategic acquisitions.
Key trends are fueling growth across Corning’s diverse business segments. The proliferation of mobile devices and touch tech- nology creates the need for highly engineered specialty glass; the surge in Internet traffic requires massive bandwidth that only fiber-optic networks can provide; the push for a greener environment drives demand for emissions-control products; and the aging global population requires better healthcare and more effective drug-discovery tools.
Corning is also creating entirely new businesses. We have
a rich innovation portfolio and continue to make significant enhancements to our materials and processes that unleash new possibilities for customers. We’re particularly excited about the potential to generate near-term returns on invest- ment by extending Corning’s core capabilities into new markets. We built a $1 billion business within six years by leveraging our fusion process to make Corning® Gorilla® Glass, and believe we can adapt existing technologies and infrastructure to create similarly successful products.
2012 Performance
So let’s look at our 2012 financial results. Sales were $8 billion, a new record for Corning. Net income and earnings per share were both down from 2011, as expected. However, fourth- quarter EPS was up year-over-year, excluding special items. This was the first increase in two years and a strong indication that we are successfully forming bottom.
We also continued to strengthen Corning’s cash position. We ended the year with $2.7 billion more cash on hand than debt, and we have been a consistent generator of free cash flow for the past nine years.
Although the economy negatively impacted all our business segments to some degree, we achieved significant milestones in each.
n Display Technologies exceeded our expectations and sold record volume of LCD glass.
n Sales in Specialty Materials were up 25 percent from 2011, driven by record demand for Corning® Gorilla® Glass, which is now featured on more than one billion devices worldwide.
n Telecommunications had strong growth in China; we opened a new fiber factory in India; and we began shipping products for NBN's fiber-to-the-home deployment in Australia.
n Our Environmental Technologies segment improved gross margins and secured new business with key customers.
n InLifeSciences,wecompletedastrategicacquisitionthat expands our product portfolio and market reach, while positioning the segment to become a $1 billion business.

As always, we also continued to innovate.
n We formed a new venture with Samsung to develop glass for organic-light-emitting-diode devices and other high- performance displays.
n We launched Corning® WillowTM Glass. This ultra-slim flexible glass is eight percent thinner than a dollar bill, and has the potential for a broad range of applications from conformable displays to solar-energy devices.
n We continued to demonstrate the vital role that optical fiber plays in enabling wireless communications. Our Corning MobileAccess distributed antenna system (DAS) helped ensure “always on” high-bandwidth coverage at Lucas Oil Stadium for Super Bowl XLVI and at key locations for the Democratic and Republican national conventions. And we expect to launch a next-generation all-optical DAS solution this year.
However, we were certainly not happy with everything about our performance. In particular, we have been disappointed
in Corning’s stock price. We understand that investors are wary of further LCD glass price declines and uncertain about the timing of Corning’s next growth cycle. We believe that the stock price will begin to increase when we show year-over-year quarterly growth. Meanwhile, we continue to take shareholder- friendly actions. In the fourth quarter, we increased the dividend 20 percent to $0.09 per share (following a 50 percent increase in 2011) and completed a $1.5 billion stock buyback, both of which reflect the board of directors’ confidence in Corning’s financial health.
2013 and Beyond
Closing Thoughts
The assessment of our performance is ultimately up to you. But here is why we believe your investment in Corning is well placed.
n We are financially strong and have tremendous stability, which allows us to weather the toughest business conditions.
n All of our business segments are tied to significant growth trends, and our innovation portfolio creates the opportunity for growth beyond our existing businesses.
n We have strong cash flow, a sustainable dividend, and the earnings power to make strategic investments for Corning’s future.
On a more personal note, I joined Corning 30 years ago
and have spent most of my career here because I know how remarkable this place is. This is a company that has succeeded for more than 160 years; a company responsible for numer- ous life-changing innovations; a company that manufactures products that make a real difference in the world. We have never been satisfied with what is currently possible. We have never been seduced by what is easy. And we have never substi- tuted short-term returns for long-term value.
The leadership team is proud to honor the legacy of this great institution and is committed to making Corning even stronger for the generations who follow us. I hope that we have earned your confidence with our track record, and that you share our excitement about the company’s future. We never take your trust for granted, and we work hard to earn it every day.
Sincerely,
Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer & President
Thanks to disciplined financial management and a rich set
of growth opportunities, we expect Corning to begin marching up in 2013. Of course, we continue to face uncertainty. A weaker yen and further declines in Dow Corning’s Hemlock business, for example, have the potential to negatively impact Corning’s performance. However, you can expect strong execution in the areas within our control.
Longer term, we remain excited by Corning’s growth oppor- tunities as we move toward a world of ubiquitous displays, intuitive interfaces based on touch and gestures, and robust networks powered by massive bandwidth. It’s a world that depends on highly engineered specialty glass and fiber-optic technology. As Corning keeps pushing the frontiers of what glass can do, more and more customers are turning to us to solve tough technology problems.
Our Specialty Materials, Telecommunications, Environmental Technologies, and Life Sciences segments all have the potential to generate double-digit earnings growth in the coming years. And although the LCD industry is maturing, Corning’s pro- prietary fusion process and formulation expertise uniquely position the company to become a leader in advanced display technologies. Moreover, Corning has the opportunity for explosive growth if even just one or two of our new innova- tions succeed.
That’s why we believe Corning’s future is so bright.
 