To our shareholders:
There’s no question that the global recession made 2009 a challenging year for Corning. After five years of record-breaking performance, we ended 2008 with a quarter that was down 30 percent over the previous year, and we began 2009 in a volatile and uncertain environment. But nearly 160 years of experience has taught us two things: Recessions are painful but they eventually end; and Corning has the strength and resilience to survive difficult times.
The recession impacted all of Corning’s businesses. The LCD industry began an unprecedented supply chain contraction in the second half of 2008. A precipitous drop in global automotive sales, coupled with ongoing weakness in the U.S. trucking industry, reduced demand for our emissions-control products. And customers grew cautious about investments in private networks and fiber-to-the-home technologies, negatively impacting the Telecommunications segment.
Fortunately, we entered the recession well-prepared. We know that volatility is a natural part of Corning’s business and that economic downturns are inevitable, so we plan for bad times even when things are going well. And our Corporate Strategy Framework provides us with a solid foundation in both good times and bad. This framework has three fundamental principles: Corning needs to grow; we need to provide stability; and we must preserve the trust of our stakeholders.
Companies grow different ways. Corning grows primarily through global innovation. We understand that growth through innovation comes with certain risks, so we manage Corning’s
inherent volatility by proactively working to bring stability and balance to the company. We vigorously protect our balance sheet and we participate in multiple markets to help mitigate risks. And we are guided in everything we do by a clear set of Corporate Values. Our Values help us make difficult decisions and ensure that we always take the long view of what’s best for Corning and our employees, customers, investors, and the communities where we operate.
Clear Priorities, Decisive Action
At this time last year, I conveyed our confidence in Corning’s ability to weather the recession. Corning’s healthy balance sheet was a big reason for that confidence. Our strong cash position makes us less vulnerable than companies that depend on a tough credit market. We also recognized that, despite near-term volatility, the long-term growth drivers for our businesses were all still in place. And we believed in the strength of Corning’s competitive position and the talent of our people. So we knew Corning would survive — but we had to take decisive action.
Corning’s Management Committee developed the 2009 Operating Plan amid greater uncertainty than usual. However, our analysis of industry data and trends indicated that the LCD supply chain would begin to recover by the second quarter. So, despite ending 2008 at a $4 billion revenue running rate, we believed we could generate $5 billion in sales in 2009. And with this revenue plan, we knew that cost-cutting actions would be necessary to restore positive cash flow.

We developed our plan based on a clear and consistent set of operating priorities:
I Protect the financial health of the company by conserving cash.
I Invest in the future to create new revenue streams. I And continue to live our Values as we go through
difficult times.
Our top priority was to protect Corning’s financial health and generate positive cash flow. This made it necessary to take painful actions, including closing plants, consolidating operations, freezing salaries, and reducing our global workforce by approximately 13 percent. Those were very difficult decisions and we did not make them lightly. We followed Corning’s “Rings of Defense” model to ensure that we made tough decisions in a thoughtful way consistent with our corporate strategy and Values. The model begins with moderate cost- cutting steps and moves on to more severe ones as conditions worsen.
The LCD supply chain did improve in the second quarter of 2009 as expected, and operating cash flow increased every quarter throughout the year as we realized the benefits of our cost-cutting actions. Therefore, we did not need to take the most severe corporate actions in the Rings of Defense, such as salary cuts or suspension of the dividend. But individual businesses continued to respond to specific market conditions. Our Environmental Technologies segment, for example, restruc- tured to align costs with reduced customer demand.
Corning’s year-end results demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy and the tremendous execution by our people. We exceeded our $5 billion revenue target and generated very strong free cash flow for the year.
The recovery of the LCD supply chain was one of the biggest factors in Corning’s improved 2009 performance. Global LCD TV retail sales remained strong, and we received an additional boost from better-than-expected IT demand. China’s economic growth also had a significant impact, generating robust demand for our LCD, fiber, and environmental products. And the strong yen worked in our favor. Finally, our restructuring actions produced $125 million in savings.
Turning Crisis into Opportunity
We believe that crises also create opportunities, so we took advantage of the recession to strengthen Corning’s position. While other companies scaled back their innovation programs, we continued investing in new initiatives and products.
I We opened our new Generation 10 LCD glass plant on the Sharp Electronics campus in Sakai City, Japan, where we continue to innovate our manufacturing processes as well as our products.
I Building on the success of the ClearCurve® product suite, we launched the Pretium EDGETM solution to simplify optical network installations in data centers.
I We commercialized our Advanced-FlowTM glass reactors, which revolutionize the way companies process specialty and pharmaceutical chemicals.
I And we won significant new business for our strong, damage-resistant Gorilla® glass, while continuing
to extend its capabilities.
We also took advantage of Corning’s cash position to seize a strategic opportunity for external development. In September, we acquired Axygen BioScience and its subsidiaries, which expands Corning’s portfolio of laboratory research products, strengthens our competitive position in Life Sciences, and increases our access to growing markets in Asia.
So we navigated the economic turmoil with a combination of defensive and offensive actions, and emerged from the recession in a position of strength. And through it all, we continued to live our Values. We communicated quickly and candidly with our stakeholders. We provided resources to employees impacted by our restructuring actions. And we remained true to our commitment to always treat our people with dignity and respect.
Growth Opportunities Ahead
Corning has begun 2010 in a much stronger position than we were a year ago. We still face some economic uncertainty, so we are proceeding with caution. But our strong cash flow gives us confidence in Corning’s financial health, provides the flexibility to focus on growth, and creates the opportunity to reward shareholders.

As we look to our future, we are excited by the growth opportu- nities from both existing markets and emerging technologies.
I All lights are green for our Display Technologies segment. We expect 2010 worldwide LCD glass demand to be between 2.8 and 3 billion square feet –– an increase of
14 to 22 percent over 2009. And the growth rate is likely to remain strong in the coming years, driven by increasing penetration of LCD TVs, post-recession IT demand, and opportunities in emerging markets.
I Despite the current weakness in the global automotive market and U.S. trucking industry, environmental regulations continue to tighten and create a growing need for emissions-control products. The diesel market in particular remains an attractive growth opportunity for Corning, with the potential to reach $500 million
in the next few years.
I The telecommunications market traditionally lags the
economy, so we expect telecom spending to be lower in 2010, although we do expect fiber demand in China to remain strong. Longer term, we believe the appetite for higher bandwidth will drive demand for our fiber- to-the-home products. Meanwhile, we’re developing new products to extend our technology leadership, and we’re reducing costs to improve gross margins.
I Gorilla glass continues to drive growth in our Specialty Materials segment. Currently featured in more than 70 devices by 15 major brands, Gorilla glass has the potential to be a $1 billion business within a few
years. And new applications in feature-rich phones, IT devices with touch capability, TV cover glass, and devices that incorporate glass as a design element could make this market even larger.
We have a promising new-product portfolio:
I Our Thin-Film Photovoltaics technology for solar energy offers greater conversion efficiency than conventional glass modules. Demand for solar glass could reach one billion square feet over the next decade –– equivalent
to the size of the LCD glass industry just a few years ago.
I We continue to develop next-generation drug discovery tools based on our revolutionary Epic® system.
I And we recently commercialized our Green Laser G-1000, enabling the first laser-based microprojectors for the consumer electronics market.
We are also capitalizing on adjacent innovation opportunities, where we can apply a core technical competency and manufac- turing process to solve a new problem. Gorilla glass, which leverages Corning’s expertise with fusion-formed flat glass, is one example of a successful adjacency. Corning’s commitment to life-changing innovation will continue to require “patient” investment. But we are excited by the potential of adjacent innovation to generate revenue from new products more quickly, with smaller capital and technology investments.
And while innovation will remain the primary way that Corning grows, we will also take advantage of opportunities for strategic acquisitions that complement our existing businesses.
Finally, we continue to develop our capabilities and talent in Asia to build on our success in the region.
So there’s a lot of reason for excitement as Corning enters its seventeenth decade.
Although we can’t eliminate volatility or uncertainty from Corning’s businesses, our 2009 performance demonstrates that we are prepared to survive difficult times, well positioned for growth, and committed to always living our Values.
Sincerely,
Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 