                 Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President
To Our Shareholders,
Corning has certainly come a long way since January 2012 when we declared our mandate to “March Up” in response to a decline in net income that began the prior year.
In 2014, we delivered our ninth consecutive quarter of core year-over-year earnings- per-share growth, along with the highest sales in Corning’s history. We successfully completed the acquisition of Samsung Corning Precision Materials (now Corning Precision Materials). We launched new products and advanced innovation programs across our businesses. And we returned cash to shareholders through dividend increases and share repurchases.
Thanks to outstanding execution by our 35,000 employees across the globe, Corning
has entered 2015 as a bigger, stronger, and more agile company. We are financially healthy, we have multiple businesses driving our growth, and we are capturing exciting new opportunities to apply our materials and process expertise to solve tough technology challenges.
Corning’s 2014 performance proves once again that this company is built to survive difficult times and emerge as a better version of itself. Our results also demonstrate that you can count on us to do what we say we’re going to do.
Strong Financial and Operational Performance
In last year’s letter, I said that after effectively stabilizing the company, we would shift our focus to growth. We honored that commitment. In 2014, we delivered record core sales of more than $10 billion; we increased sales in all our businesses; we grew core earnings per share each quarter; and we generated strong free cash flow. Along the way, we maintained a strong balance sheet, which helps ensure we have the stability to weather difficult times when they come.

                  Bringing A Day Made of Glass to Life
Corning’s products and markets have changed many times over the years, but our innovations share fundamental ingredients: a really tough problem; a combination of materials and process innovation; and a solution that makes a real difference in people’s lives. This formula has led to more than 160 years of life-changing innovations, and we continue to apply it today.
Four years ago, we shared Corning’s vision for the future in our video, A Day Made of Glass. People were excited by the idea of living in the world we depicted — a world of ubiquitous displays, intuitive interfaces, seamless delivery of real-time information, and everyday surfaces with extraordinary capabilities. In four short years, we’ve made significant progress bringing this world to life.
  Of course, the numbers alone don’t give you the full picture. While Corning’s performance has historically been driven by a primary business, we now have multiple business segments that are contributing materially to the company’s growth. Display Technologies remains
a revenue, profit, and cash-generation powerhouse for us, despite a maturing LCD market. At the same time, aggregate sales in our four other major business segments grew more than 10 percent from 2013, driven by exceptional results in Optical Communications and Environmental Technologies.
In addition, it is worth noting that we achieved Corning’s earnings growth not only by capturing market oppor- tunities, but also by reducing costs. Several businesses significantly increased manufacturing efficiencies, while our staff groups did a terrific job setting priorities and controlling spending. Last year I observed that our employees are united in their determination to preserve this great institution. That dedication was certainly evident in 2014, as every part of the company contributed to Corning’s improvement.
Here’s a closer look at how each of our major businesses performed:
n Sales in Display Technologies increased dramatically from 2013, driven by the consolidation of Corning Precision Materials, strong TV retail sales, and the shift to larger screen sizes. It was a record year for LCD glass
volume, and outstanding operational performance contributed to higher profits. Meanwhile, the supply chain maintained healthy inventory levels, and price declines returned to moderate levels in the second half of the year.
n In Optical Communications, strong demand for fiber to the home, data centers, and wireless technologies drove double-digit sales growth. We also increased profitability through tight control of operational expenses.
n In Environmental Technologies, new emissions-control regulations in China and Europe created strong demand for our diesel products, propelling the business to more than $1 billion in sales. Profits were also up significantly from last year, thanks to higher volume and greater manufacturing efficiencies.
n In Specialty Materials, sales and Gorilla® Glass volume were up from 2013. However, results were lower than expected due primarily to a weak tablet market.
n In Life Sciences, we continue to realize synergies from the integration of Discovery Labware (acquired in 2012), but lower spending levels by the National Institutes of Health negatively impacted the segment’s growth.
Although we are navigating some market challenges,
the diversity of Corning’s business portfolio remains a key advantage, evidenced by the company’s strong performance overall.

                    High-Performance Displays
We depicted lifelike displays that dissolve the boundaries between the physical and the virtual world. Since then, Corning has developed new glass compositions, such as the Corning Lotus Glass family, to enable next-generation mobile and IT displays that provide unprecedented picture quality, sleek form factors, and lower power consumption.
Value for Shareholders
As our earnings improved, the stock market responded in kind. Corning’s stock price was up 30 percent for the year, our second consecutive year of outperforming the major market indices.
In the fourth quarter, Corning announced a 20 percent increase in the company’s quarterly common stock dividend and a new $1.5 billion share-repurchase program, honoring our commitment to return cash to shareholders. These actions mark our fourth dividend increase and fourth share-repurchase program since October 2011.
New Growth Drivers
As part of our commitment to growth, we are actively creating new revenue and profit drivers through a combination of strategic acquisitions and new business development.
The integration of Corning Precision Materials was one of our stated priorities for the year, and I’m pleased to report that this effort has been incredibly successful. We realized $100 million in pre-tax synergies in 2014 and expect to achieve even greater synergies in the coming years. This transaction is also delivering many strategic benefits. We increased the flexibility of our fusion assets and our ability to serve our global customers. We added 3,500 talented employees. And we gained access to low-cost manufac- turing platforms that we can leverage to develop new fusion-glass products with smaller capital expenditures.
Always-On Information
Our video portrayed an always-on world, with massive amounts of data that you can access anytime, anywhere. In 2014, Corning began rolling out an all-optical distributed antenna system called ONETM Wireless. This technology enables clear signals and maximum bandwidth — even in really tough indoor environments like convention centers and sports stadiums where thousands of people are connecting at once.
We also announced two acquisitions in December to increase Corning’s strength in Optical Communications. The integration of Samsung Electronics’ optical fiber business will help us capture growth in Asia, while the addition of TR Manufacturing, Inc. increases our market access and enhances our ability to offer comprehensive optical solutions to our enterprise customers.
Of course, the primary way Corning grows is through innovation. Here are a few success stories from 2014:
n In November, we announced the highly anticipated launch of Corning® Gorilla® Glass 4. This new composition is up to twice as tough as competitive cover glasses and specifically formulated to reduce screen breakage when users drop their mobile devices.
n We made good progress extending Gorilla Glass into adjacent markets. We secured new automotive and architectural customers, and earned BMW’s supplier innovation award for our lightweight automotive Gorilla Glass.
n In a colorful twist on our prior fiber inventions, we launched Corning® FibranceTM light-diffusing fiber, which is designed to provide thin, multi-colored, aesthetic lighting. Fibrance allows designers to enhance a product’s functionality and appeal
by adding light how and where they want it.
     
                   Ultra-Slim, Flexible Display Devices
We imagined futuristic displays that combine the flexibility of plastic with the superior transparency, stability, and optical quality of glass. In 2013, Corning rolled out ultra-slim Willow® Glass, which is thinner than a dollar bill, and our scientists continue to increase its flexibility. This remarkable glass could help bring exciting new technologies to life, including rollable displays and wearable technologies.
n We rolled out Corning’s ONETM Wireless technology, which is delivering robust, reliable optical connections in venues such as Texas A&M University’s Kyle Field.
n We continued Corning’s track record of clean-air innovations with the introduction of Corning FLORATM technology. This revolutionary system addresses the critical problem of cold-start emissions, which occur in the first 30 seconds of starting an engine and are responsible for 70 percent of a car’s total emissions.
Dynamic Windows
We envisioned electrochromic windows that transition automatically from transparent to opaque, to increase people’s comfort and reduce energy consumption. Today, Corning
is working with a company called View to develop dynamic architectural glass. We think dynamic windows could capture
a significant portion of the commercial window market opportunity — and may even be part of your home someday soon.
few years, we have generated approximately two-and-a-half times the profit per dollar of revenue versus competitors in our major market segments. When you consider the impact Corning’s inventions have had on the world and the competitive advantage we create through R&D, you can understand why our commitment to innovation
is unwavering.
Looking Ahead
Corning’s 2015 focus is to sustain momentum in all major businesses while leveraging our innovation engine to drive both near-term and long-term growth. We expect to grow core sales and earnings, while increasing efficiencies across the company. And, of course, we will always live our values to preserve the trust of all of our stakeholders.
Here are a few key focus areas:
n We will realize even greater financial synergies from Corning Precision Materials.
n We believe we can capture new opportunities in Display Technologies. Sales of ultra-high-definition televisions are expected to double in 2015. Moreover, we’ve developed a new glass composition called IrisTM that enables thinner form factors for advanced displays by replacing plastic and metal structural components.
   Our diverse innovation portfolio includes products at all stages of development to drive both near-term and future growth. And while our new business opportunities under- standably generate a lot of excitement, there is another important part of our research and development efforts that stakeholders often overlook. More than half of Corning’s R&D investment is devoted to innovating for existing businesses. Our ability to innovate throughout
a product and industry’s life cycle is one of the primary reasons for Corning’s long-term competitive advantage in the markets where we compete. For example, Corning has increased its leadership position in LCD glass, despite slower growth in the industry overall, through product innovations such as new compositions that enable thinner displays and process improvements that increase yields. Our ongoing innovations allow us to capture a significant share of the market, achieve the lowest-cost manufacturing position, gain the trust and loyalty of our customers, and earn a higher share of the industry’s profits. In fact, over the past
 
                     Digital Fitting Rooms
Our video portrayed sophisticated shopping experiences that blended digital and physical environments. Today, we’re working with eBay Enterprise to take interactive shopping to the next level by creating digital fitting rooms that allow customers
to experiment virtually.
The technology would create a more efficient experience for consumers, while providing retailers the opportunity to target customers more precisely.
n We expect to make significant progress on several initiatives in our new product portfolio. We have identified more than 200 different uses for Corning® Willow® Glass and are currently prototyping the most promising ones, which range from laminates for architectural applications to roll-to-roll components for enhancing display devices. We are also pursuing a very exciting opportunity in Life Sciences. Although it is too early to discuss publicly, we believe it has the opportunity to be a significant new business for Corning, while continuing our track record
of life-enhancing technologies.
n Finally, we will continue working with other innovators to bring our vision for A Day Made of Glass to life. We’re proud of the progress we’ve made in a few short years, and know that we have only scratched the surface. As Corning extends the capabilities of glass, more and more customers from a broad range of industries are turning to us to solve tough problems, and we are excited about the opportunity to apply our skills to tackle new challenges.
These are just a few of the ways we are bringing our vision to life. As more designers and technology developers discover the remarkable technical and aesthetic properties of glass, we continue to expand our vision of what glass can do. In fact, we believe we’ve entered “the Glass Age.”
To learn more about how glass is inspiring a new generation of artists, designers, and engineers, visit TheGlassAge.com.
Closing Thoughts
I’ll close by reminding you of the kind of company you are investing in when you put your faith in Corning.
This is a company that is built to last. This is a company that continually produces innovations that enhance people’s lives and transform industries. This is a company that rewards its shareholders with stability, a reliable dividend, and the opportunity for explosive growth from successful new products. But most importantly, this is a company that makes a real difference in the world.
I said earlier that all of us at Corning are united in our desire to preserve this great institution. That’s because we take pride in being part of something that will outlast us — a company that invents and manufactures things that matter.
We understand that, ultimately, your investment is based on Corning’s performance, and we are committed to earning your confidence with our continued growth. But we also hope you share our pride in being part of this very special company.
Thank you for being on this journey with us. Sincerely,
Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President
    