                                        To our shareholders:
Corning Incorporated had an outstand- ing year in 2006. We delivered record results in net income and earnings per share and marked another year of significant improvement in profitability. This performance would not have been possible without the continued focus of our management and employees, and the steady guidance of our Board of Directors and senior leaders. Together, we remain committed to our long-term goal of another 150 years of innovation and independence.
Our strategy of growing through innovation, working toward balance and stability and living our Values continues to be a winning formula for Corning. We are confident that it will serve our shareholders well for many years to come.
In this report, we will review our accomplishments from 2006 and our expectations as we look ahead to 2007.
2006 HIGHLIGHTS
We continued to follow the consistent set of operating priorities that have guided us since 2002:
I Protecting our financial health I Improving our profitability
I Investing in our future
I Always living our Values
FINANCIAL HEALTH:
Our financial health remains strong. In 2006, we strengthened our credit ratings with all three of the major rating agencies. We ended the year with approximately $3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.7 billion in total out- standing debt. For the second year in a row, we had more cash than debt. With these accomplishments, we believe we are well-equipped to weather potential volatility in our businesses as we continue to invest in our future.
IMPROVING PROFITABILITY:
It was a banner year for earnings growth. We dramatically improved profitability. Sales grew to $5.17 billion and gross margins, at 44 percent, were the highest in our company’s history. We also achieved all-time records for net income, at $1.85 billion, and for earnings per share, at $1.16.
The growth of the liquid crystal display (LCD) television market was a significant factor in our profitability during 2006. We were encouraged that LCD television penetration reached 22 percent of the world’s color television market by year- end. At the same time, average screen sizes continued to increase. However, market dynamics brought a new challenge of seasonality to the complex LCD television supply chain.
As a result, we experienced some market disruptions and corrections during the year. Our customers in Asia built inven- tory in the first quarter, reduced produc- tion in the second quarter, and then ramped back up in the third in anticipa- tion of consumer demand at year-end. Our overall volume grew significantly year-over-year, but this seasonal market volatility made for a tough environment as these dynamics played out.
We also faced a tougher competitive environment in 2006. We remain the market leader, but our competitors have improved their capabilities as well, resulting in additional pricing pressure. We expected this, and our ongoing cost- reduction efforts are helping to offset the effects. This will become increasingly important as the business matures. In the meantime, the market continues to grow, which means continued profitability for Corning as the world’s leading supplier of LCD glass.

                                        INVESTING IN OUR FUTURE:
We achieved important milestones in all of our growth initiatives this year. These developments show that our investments are firmly focused on the future and on what we do best — creating and making keystone components that enable high-technology systems. Here are a few examples:
In display, we began supplying commercial quantities of Generation 8 LCD sub- strates and became the lead supplier to a major panel maker. We introduced EAGLE XGTM, a new LCD glass compo- sition that is free of all heavy metals. It has been well-accepted by our customers who value environmentally responsible manufacturing. We were also the first company to announce plans to build an LCD finishing plant in China. We broke ground on that facility in Beijing in November.
In environmental, our diesel emissions- control products are making inroads in both the heavy-duty and light-duty markets. In heavy-duty, we have commit- ments from more than half of the U.S. engine makers to supply their emissions- control products. The manufacturing capacity is in place to meet the ramp-up of that demand, which is likely to happen later in 2007. In light-duty diesel, product development is on track, and our advanced cordierite products continue to advance against the incum- bent silicon carbide technology.
In telecommunications, we’re encouraged by Verizon’s fiber-to-the-premises plans to extend their network to 3 million additional homes every year through 2010. We’re also seeing broader industry interest in optical networks that can carry robust video downloads and high-speed data direct to the home. Our innovative cable, hardware and equipment products help make installation easier and more cost-efficient for network providers, so we expect to remain a leader in this market.
In life sciences, we launched the Epic® system, a technology that can enable a pharmaceutical researcher to test up to 40,000 potential drug compounds in a single day. This system could dramatically reduce the drug discovery cycle which, until now, has often taken as long as 14 years. Early market response has been positive, and we are encouraged by the long-term opportunities it represents for us.
LIVING OUR VALUES:
Again in 2006, we remained true to our Values: Quality, Integrity, Performance, Leadership, Innovation, Independence and The Individual. Our Values are the guiding principles of our culture, and remain a great source of pride among our employees throughout the world.
WHAT’S NEXT?
Because we are committed to growth, we spend a great deal of time and energy on our long-term innovation portfolio. We know that the markets we serve today will mature over time. So, we study global market trends continuously to identify the tough problems that our materials science and process expertise can solve for cus- tomers in the future.
We are committed to solving more of those problems than ever before.
We’ve set an ambitious goal: to double our historic rate of new-business creation from two to four per decade. Over the past year, we completed a corporate technology strategy to achieve this goal. And as we create new businesses in a wide variety of markets, we will also help mitigate our inherent volatility as a tech- nology company.
We’re optimistic about our early-stage innovation portfolio. We are moving ahead with synthetic green laser technol- ogy, which ultimately could enable small mobile devices, such as cell phones, to project larger images. We are exploring chemical microreactor technology, which has the potential to enable significant process innovation and cost reduction for the chemical processing industry.
These possibilities, and many more, make for some exciting years ahead for Corning. Our board and senior manage- ment remain committed to sustained investment in research and development, because we know this is the key to doing what we do best — solving prob- lems for our customers through global innovation.

                                         THE YEAR AHEAD
You can expect us to follow a consistent path in 2007.
We will continue to protect our financial health, building on the significant progress we have made over the past year. We intend to generate strong cash flow and maintain negative net debt. We expect to improve our profitability, bolster our ongoing focus on cost reductions, and continue to protect our gross margins. We will invest in the future, developing new growth opportunities in display, ramping up our diesel production, extending our reach in telecommunica- tions, and enabling new methods of dis- covering life-saving medicines. We will continue to live our Values, just as we always have.
We know that there will be ups and downs in our business. It’s always been that way for Corning, and it always will be. That’s why we’ve built our strategy around growth, balance and stability. A sustained focus on this strategy, along with an unwavering commitment to research and development, will keep Corning at the leading edge of specialty glass and ceramics. That’s exactly where we intend to be — today, tomorrow, and for the next 150 years.
Sincerely,
James R. Houghton Chairman
Wendell P. Weeks
President and Chief Executive Officer
James R. Houghton and Wendell P. Weeks
TRANSITIONS
Two years ago, Wendell P. Weeks assumed my responsibilities as chief exec- utive officer of Corning Incorporated. At the same time, Peter F. Volanakis succeeded Wendell as the company’s chief operating officer.
In January, I announced that we would complete the leadership transition that we began in 2005. Effective April 26, 2007, the day of our Annual Shareholders Meeting, the Board of Directors will elect Wendell to become the company’s chairman, in addition to his responsibilities as CEO. Peter will assume the role of president, in addition to his role as COO.
I have been delighted with the company’s achievements since Wendell and Peter took over as CEO and COO two years ago. With the full support and engagement of the rest of the Management Committee and our entire leadership team, they have led the company’s recovery. They have insisted that Corning always remain true to its Values. The outstanding 2006 performance outlined in this report is clear evidence of the sound strategy that these leaders have put into place — a strategy that will continue to serve the company and its stakeholders well for many years.
Thank you very much for all your support since I returned to my active role at Corning in 2002. As we complete this leadership transition, you may be assured that Corning remains in extremely capable hands, with the entire organization working toward another 150 years of innovation and independence.
James R. Houghton
  