To our shareholders:
As a 158-year old company, Corning has truly lived through the best and worst of times. This year, we experienced some of both. We achieved remarkable highs, posting record performance for the first half of the year, and we hit distressing lows, taking difficult actions in response to a deepening global recession.
Corning posted its sixth consecutive year of improvement in 2008. In fact, since 2002, we have delivered the most significant period of sustained performance in the company’s history. But the full-year figures don’t tell the whole story. Corning’s strong numbers resulted primarily from our exceptional performance in the first half of the year and the benefit of favorable foreign exchange rates. A clearer picture is to view 2008 as “The Year of Two Halves.”
Corning started the year strong. Through the first half, we were on track for another year of record-breaking performance: Sales were up 21 percent over 2007; profits and earnings per share were both up 49 percent; operating cash flow was up 47 percent; and gross margins were up five points. The outstanding results were driven largely by Display Technologies, which outperformed expectations as consumers demonstrated their tremendous appetite for LCD TVs.
Corning’s momentum began to shift in the fall, which was reflected in our performance for the second half of the year. Our fourth-quarter numbers tell a far more sober story than our full-year results: Total company sales were down approximately 30 percent from the third quarter and from the fourth quarter of 2007.
What is happening?
It is not news to anyone that we are in the midst of a global recession. This economic turbulence has affected most of Corning’s businesses. Low consumer confidence has translated into reduced sales for personal computers and semiconductors,
and a slowing growth rate for LCD TVs. An unprecedented drop in automotive sales, coupled with ongoing weakness in the U.S. trucking industry, has reduced demand for Corning’s emissions-control products. In telecommunications, smaller IT budgets are making corporations cautious about investments in private networks. Corning’s equity companies have also been impacted — most notably Dow Corning, which experienced a sales decline in the fourth quarter as a result of lower demand.
How are we responding?
We closely monitor all our customers and end markets, so when demand weakened, we faced our new reality and took action.
Corning began implementing cost-cutting actions early in the fourth quarter. We curbed capital expenditures, placed tough restrictions on discretionary spending, and put a stop to outside hiring. We committed to holding 2009 RD&E spending flat, which requires careful pacing of our innovation programs in this uncertain economy. And we moved quickly to align Corning’s manufacturing operations with current market demand while maintaining the ability to increase production when demand returns. We delayed the construction and startup of new LCD tanks and idled other plants.
As the recession deepened, we began developing action plans to align our cost structure to lower 2009 revenue expectations. In January, after a careful analysis of market conditions in each business, we announced our decision to reduce our global workforce by approximately 13 percent and to suspend merit increases for salaried employees.

Workforce reductions are the most painful actions we take, and we do not make such decisions lightly. But lower market demand means we need to reduce costs and proactively work to generate positive free cash flow to maintain a healthy balance sheet. We anticipate a weak first half in 2009, followed by a modest recovery in LCD demand in the second half of the year. We believe our view of the year is realistic and that our actions are appropriate, but we will continue to monitor the environment closely and take the necessary steps to preserve Corning’s financial health. If there are no signs of improvement by the end of the first half, we will take additional cost-cutting actions, such as manufacturing consolidation and further workforce reductions.
Our Corporate Strategy — for Good Times and Bad
As many of you know, Corning has been through tough times before. Six years ago, we survived one of the most serious challenges in the company’s history as a result of the telecommunications downturn. You may be wondering whether the current situation is a repeat of the telecom crash. The answer to that question is no. We are currently experiencing a classic consumer-driven recession rather than an industry collapse. That doesn’t make our restructuring actions any less painful; however, it does mean that Corning’s busi- nesses will recover when global economies recover and market demand returns. And, thanks to the lessons we learned and applied in the wake of the telecom crash, Corning is navigating the current downturn from a position of financial stability.
In 2002, we took a hard look at ourselves and Corning’s distinc- tive identity. We recognized Corning’s unique strength is the ability to apply our unparalleled expertise in glass and ceramics to create life-changing inventions. We also acknowledged the fact that growing through innovation comes with certain challenges. We know we will experience surges of growth, followed by periods of retreat. So we developed our Corporate Strategy Framework to preserve Corning’s distinctive strengths, while mitigating our inherent volatility. Our long-term objective, after all, was not simply to survive a downturn, but to achieve another 150 years of innovation and independence.
Our Corporate Strategy Framework has three fundamental tenets: Corning needs to grow; we need to proactively create stability and balance; and we must preserve the trust of our stakeholders.
Corning grows through global innovation, and we continue to invest in RD&E even when we are going through difficult times. Following the telecom crash, we could have returned to profitability sooner if we had stopped spending on RD&E; but we knew that would have been short-sighted, so we kept inno- vating. That decision spawned a new round of inventions that are generating sales today. And we saw more evidence this year of how our commitment to investing in the future continues to create new growth opportunities. The Epic® system, Corning’s revolutionary drug-screening tool, received extremely favorable evaluations from major pharmaceutical research companies and won several new customers. We launched our ClearCurve® bend-insensitive fiber product suite in Europe and Asia, and are now extending the technology for data center applications. And Corning’s durable and lightweight GorillaTM glass has been designed into several new products by leading consumer electronics companies. We sustain our commitment to RD&E because we know the investments we make today will benefit Corning and our stakeholders in the years ahead.
Stability comes from vigorously protecting our financial health. We maintain a strong balance sheet so we can weather economic volatility and preserve the institution no matter what comes our way. Over the past six years, we have minimized Corning’s debt, carefully controlled spending, and preserved cash. This diligence has paid off. We ended 2008 with $2.8 billion in cash and only $1.6 billion in debt, of which less than $250 million is due over the next four years. Our strong cash position means we do not need to participate in the commercial paper market and are not directly impacted by the very tight credit environment that is challenging many companies. So Corning’s balance sheet is extremely healthy, and we are in a good position to weather a prolonged downturn.
We preserve the trust of our stakeholders by always living our Values: Quality, Integrity, Performance, Leadership, Innovation, Independence, and The Individual. These Values guide us as we make difficult decisions, and ensure that we are always taking the long view of what’s best for Corning and our employees, customers, investors, and the communities in which we operate. One way we live our Values is by communicating consistently and candidly about what we are seeing in our businesses. You can count on us to continue to do so.

“ Corning’s Corporate Strategy Framework is designed for good times and bad. It guided our recovery from the telecom downturn, drove our remarkable performance over the past six years, and has equipped
us to successfully navigate the current global recession.”
Corning’s Corporate Strategy Framework is designed for good times and bad. It guided our recovery from the telecom down- turn, drove our remarkable performance over the past six years, and has equipped us to successfully navigate the current global recession.
Looking Ahead
Although there is a lot of uncertainty as we head into 2009, we remain very confident in Corning’s future. Here are some reasons that you, too, should continue to believe in Corning:
First, the fundamental growth drivers for Corning’s businesses are all still in place. Although demand has slowed due to the economy, consumers around the world will continue to replace their CRT televisions with LCD TVs; the appetite for higher band- width will continue to create demand for our fiber-to-the-home products; and tightening environmental regulations will drive adoption of our substrates and filters.
Second, the strength of our competitive position has not changed. Corning is a leader in all the major markets in which we participate, and we continue to set industry standards and win new business. Our strategic relationship with Sharp Electronics is creating next-generation displays that extend Corning’s leadership in the LCD market; we have established a leading market position for heavy-duty diesel products; and we continue to secure new fiber-to-the-home customers. As we scale back capacity, we are taking advantage of the opportunity to implement process improvements to enhance our competitive position when demand returns.
Third, we have a very rich new-product portfolio to create Corning’s next wave of growth.
s Drawing upon 30 years of experience with environmental technologies, Corning is helping the power industry comply with tightening emissions regulations. Corning’s unique carbon honeycomb has the potential to reduce mercury
emissions from coal-fired plants by 90 percent, while also enabling useful byproducts.
s Corning has developed a revolutionary processing technology for chemicals used in electronics, drugs, personal-care items, and cars. Our high-throughput, scalable microreactor increases the efficiency and quality of chemical processing and reduces the amount of materials and energy used.
s Corning’s synthetic green lasers are making it possible to project large high-resolution images from small portable devices like cell phones.
s And we continue to pursue longer-range opportunities. We have an exciting new initiative in photovoltaics, exploring how we can leverage our flat glass for solar energy applications.
Finally, Corning’s people and our culture are a tremendous source of strength. We have an experienced management team that has been tested before. We have talented and passionate employees who are committed to excellence. And we have a proven track record of performance.
The coming year is going to be tough, there’s no doubt about it. But Corning will survive this current challenge, as we have survived numerous challenges since 1851. The Management Committee is taking the necessary action to weather the year ahead, but we also continue laying the groundwork for Corning’s next 150-plus years of innovation and independence.
Sincerely,
Wendell P. Weeks
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 