Customers at the center.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2015 was a strong year
for General Motors,
including record sales and earnings, substantial return of capital to shareholders, continued strengthening of our core business and a series of actions to define and lead the future of personal mobility for a growing number of customers like Steve, featured on the cover of this year’s report.
Steve drives a Chevrolet Volt, the car that redefined what electric vehicles could do when we introduced it in 2010. Volt began as a technology proof point. It became a real-world starting point that allowed us to push EV technology further and faster than many thought possible.
Last year, we introduced the second-generation Volt — more capable, more efficient, more advanced in every way. This year, we’ll start production of the new Chevrolet Bolt EV, an all-electric vehicle with
a range of more than 200 miles and a price around $30,000 after government incentives. It’s notable for many things, most importantly that it puts truly cutting-edge technology within the reach of so many customers. It cracks the code of long range at an affordable price, and I was delighted to introduce it earlier this year at the 2016 Consumer Electronics Show. Bolt EV’s reception was, in a word, electric — and
it was named Best of Show by the editors of Digital Trends.
The Chevrolet Volt and Bolt EV are just two examples of how continued strength in our core business today will help GM drive the future of personal mobility tomorrow — a future that will be here before we know it. Before exploring the exciting opportunities ahead, let’s first take a look at our results from 2015, our plans for 2016 and our outlook for the future.
“The Chevrolet Volt and Bolt EV are just two examples of how continued strength in our core business today will help GM drive the future of personal mobility tomorrow.”
5
 $9.7B
Net income attributable to common stockholders

 2016 Chevrolet Camaro
2016 Motor Trend Car of the Year
 2015 FINANCIAL RESULTS
                                                                                                                                                                                               * Non-GAAP financial measure. See Page 26 for more information. ** Represents core operating performance, excludes recalls.
6
As you can see in the charts on this page, our company’s financial performance in 2015 and over the last several years has been strong and improving. This includes records for net income, EBIT-adjusted and EBIT- adjusted margin, as well as EPS-diluted-adjusted that has increased
58 percent since 2013.
We also achieved our goal of 10-percent margin in North America
a year ahead of schedule. And we ended 2015 with total automotive liquidity of $32.5 billion and automotive cash and marketable securities of $20.3 billion.
These results allowed us to increase shareholder returns as we create great cars, trucks and crossovers today and shape the future of personal mobility for tomorrow.
In 2015, we returned about $5.7 billion to shareholders — $2.2 billion in common stock dividends and $3.5 billion through our common stock repurchase program.
Importantly, we increased the repurchase program from $5 billion to $9 billion and extended it through 2017. We also increased the regular quarterly common stock dividend by 6 percent, from 36 to 38 cents per share, beginning in the first quarter of 2016.
We are committed to executing our disciplined capital allocation framework, which includes returning all available free cash flow to our shareholders.
Our 2015 financial results were made possible by solid sales performances around the world. In 2015 we sold more than 9.9 million units, our third consecutive year of record global sales, and remained the industry sales leader in North America, South America, China and the U.S.
2016 OUTLOOK
In 2016, we remain committed to our financial targets: improved EBIT- adjusted, EBIT-adjusted margin, automotive adjusted free cash flow and EPS-diluted-adjusted.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 We expect to hit these targets by pursuing our strategy of growth and transformation, meaning we will continue to:
• Improve our core business and take advantage of global growth opportunities
• Launch great new cars, trucks and crossovers
• Strengthen our brands
• Grow adjacent businesses • And drive core efficiencies
CARS, TRUCKS AND CROSSOVERS
From boardroom to dealer showroom, we are committed to putting customers at the center of everything we do — a focus you see in the many new vehicles we’re launching around the world, including:
• Cadillac’s new top-of-the-range CT6 luxury performance sedan
• The all-new Cadillac XT5 mid-size luxury crossover
• The beautifully engineered and redesigned Chevrolet Malibu mid-size sedan
• A new version of our best-selling Chevrolet Cruze, which has sold more than 3.8 million units around the world since 2009
• The sixth-generation Chevrolet Camaro, the 2016 Motor Trend Car of the Year
• The striking Buick Cascada, the first Buick convertible offered in the U.S. in 25 years • The all-new 2017 GMC Acadia crossover,
which Edmunds.com named a “Most Popular
Large Crossover SUV” in both 2014 and 2015 • The Opel Astra, the 2016 European Car of
the Year
• The Baojun 560 SUV, which is selling very
well in China after arriving in showrooms in
the second half of 2015
• And a refreshed Chevrolet Onix five-door
hatchback, which last year became the best- selling vehicle in Brazil
I’ve driven each of these products, along with many others on the way, and they are by far the best cars, trucks and crossovers we have ever put on the road.
2015 SALES HIGHLIGHTS
BEST IN INDUSTRY
UNITED STATES
3.6M BEST IN INDUSTRY VEHICLE SALES
NORTH AMERICA
BEST IN INDUSTRY
CHINA
1.2M
VEHICLE SALES
EUROPE
645K
VEHICLE SALES
SOUTH AMERICA
8%
INCREASE IN RETAIL SALES
3.7M
VEHICLE SALES
7
BEST IN 4 YEARS
BEST IN INDUSTRY

    8
STRONG BRANDS
Products like these are helping us build brands that inspire passion and loyalty around the world. We are proud to have 10 distinct brands that are sold in more than 120 countries.
Cadillac, our flagship brand, is continuing its journey to global luxury prominence with a drumbeat of exciting new products.
This year’s launch of the all-new CT6 full-size sedan marks Cadillac’s return to the global prestige segment. It is one of eight new vehicles the brand plans to introduce by the end of the decade, several of which will take Cadillac into segments where it doesn’t compete today.
Cadillac continues to expand rapidly in China, where strong demand helped the brand grow global sales last year by 8 percent. This is critical at a time when the global luxury segment, one of the most profitable in the industry, is expected to grow by a third by 2020. It’s clear we have a big opportunity ahead of us with Cadillac.
Chevrolet, our largest brand, is coming off its best U.S. sales performance since 2007, thanks to strong demand
2016 Cadillac XT5
for trucks like the Chevrolet Silverado and Colorado, and crossovers like the city-smart Chevrolet Trax. In 2015, Chevrolet grew retail market share in the U.S. faster than any full-line automotive brand, with total sales up 5 percent to more than 2.1 million.
Buick sold nearly 1.3 million vehicles in 2015, its third straight year of record global sales, driven by best-ever sales in China and record U.S. deliveries of the Enclave and Encore crossovers. Buick will add a third crossover to its hot-selling U.S. lineup this year, the Buick Envision premium compact crossover, which has been a top seller in China.
Our “professional grade” brand, GMC, continued to perform exceptionally well in 2015, with its sixth consecutive year of sales gains and best year since 2005.
And in Europe, our resurgent Opel and Vauxhall brands delivered 1.1 million vehicles in 2015, their best sales performance in four years and third straight year of increased market share.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT

GROWTH IN ADJACENT BUSINESSES
In addition to our core business, we see excellent growth and profit opportunities in a number of adjacent areas.
In 2010, we acquired AmeriCredit as the
first step toward re-establishing customer financing within GM. Since then, GM Financial (GMF) has grown rapidly both in terms of profitability and long-term benefits to the business, namely customer satisfaction and retention. In 2015, GMF financed 30 percent of our North American retail sales, triple what it financed in 2014. Our goal is to continue this rapid growth and to more than double GMF’s earnings between 2014 and 2018.
Another outstanding opportunity for us is the aftermarket for service parts and accessories, a business with excellent margins. In recent years, we’ve grown our after-sales significantly, even though the total number of GM vehicles on the road had been declining. Now our vehicle population is expanding again, especially
in China where many customers are just beginning to enter the aftermarket. We have an excellent opportunity to grow revenue and profitability in this area.
DRIVING EFFICIENCIES
Like any smart business, we are scouring the company to reduce costs and improve efficiency.
We know the auto business is cyclical and eventually there will be lean times. In response, we’re changing the way we do business — driving to make every aspect of our operation
“industry best” from a cost perspective, then working to continuously improve from there.
To date, we’ve identified about $5.5 billion in efficiencies we expect to achieve through 2018. In 2015, we realized more than $2 billion of these savings, twice what we generated in 2014. We are well on our way to achieving our 2018 goal, and I’m convinced we will do even more.
“Like any smart business, we are scouring the company to reduce costs and improve efficiency.”
 2016 Buick Cascada
9
 2016 Chevy Silverado

 MAVEN
LONG-TERM OUTLOOK
Looking to 2020 and beyond, we’re on track to achieve our corporate goal of global EBIT- adjusted margins of 9-10 percent by early next decade. In addition to what I’ve outlined above, two important reasons for my confidence are our aggressive product-launch plans and our opportunities in emerging growth markets.
In 2016, we expect 39 percent of our global sales to come from models that are new or refreshed in the previous 18 months. That’s up from 26 percent in 2015, and we expect it to increase further to 40 percent in 2019 and 2020.
New products drive higher volumes and higher transaction prices. And because we’ve made major strides in recent years to improve the efficiency of our global product development process, I’m confident our new models will be more profitable as well.
Another reason for my optimism is the potential for sales and profit growth in emerging markets. In 2015, we announced a significant investment in a new family of Chevrolet vehicles that
will consolidate and replace several existing models in key markets like China, India and Mexico. We expect this program to grow to more than 2 million vehicles annually and drive huge savings across the business. We expect to see the first vehicle in this new family in model-year 2019.
THE FUTURE OF PERSONAL MOBILITY
Across the industry and around the world, social and technological changes are rapidly transforming personal mobility. I truly believe the auto industry will change more in the next five years than it has in the last 50. At GM, we’re excited by this kind of disruption and are committed to leading it.
In fact, thanks in large part to the strength of our core business, we’ve made significant investments in technologies that are rewriting the rules of vehicle use and ownership, including connectivity, car-sharing, alternative propulsion and autonomous driving. We
see tremendous opportunities in these
 10
Lyft partnership
                     CUSTOMERS USING SHARED MOBILITY
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

 technologies, including the chance to develop dramatically cleaner, safer, smarter and more energy-efficient vehicles for customers around the world.
Many of the changes in mobility are made possible by connectivity, and GM’s 20 years of OnStar experience give us a commanding lead. By the end of 2016, we anticipate having 12 million connected vehicles on four continents thanks to OnStar. We’re also the industry leader in 4G LTE connectivity. In 2015, we sold seven times more 4G-equipped vehicles than the rest of the industry combined. And this is just the start of the OnStar story.
Since being introduced in 1996, OnStar has now responded to more than 1.2 billion customer requests, from automatic crash response and remote door unlock, to stolen-vehicle recovery and more — up to 20 services in all. Even more exciting is where OnStar will take us in the future, as we build on our growing connections to expand the customer experience beyond the car.
Today, the options for getting from point to point have grown considerably. Whether you own a car, share a car or share
a ride — and whether you travel by car or some other form of transportation — connectivity can make your trip faster, less expensive and more convenient. Our plan optimizes this fact, whether our customer is inside or outside the car.
An important change shaping personal mobility is growth of the sharing economy. Today, an estimated 15 million people
around the world, mainly millennials, use shared mobility services such as ridesharing and car-sharing. By 2020, this number is projected to be more than 50 million, and we plan to be a big part of it.
In 2015, we launched car-sharing programs in Germany, China and New York City. In early 2016, we announced new programs in Chicago and Ann Arbor, Michigan, and combined all our efforts under a single brand we call Maven.
Maven offers access to highly personalized, on-demand mobility services. Customers use a mobile app to search for and reserve a vehicle by location or car type and unlock the vehicle with their smartphone. The app also enables remote vehicle functions like starting and heating or cooling. And customers can bring their digital lives into the vehicle through Apple CarPlay, Android Auto, OnStar, SiriusXM radio and 4G LTE wireless. Think of it as an ownership-like experience with the convenience of car-sharing.
We’re also very excited about a strategic alliance we announced earlier this year with Lyft, the fastest-growing ridesharing company in the U.S., and the pending acquisition of Cruise Automation, a leader in autonomous technology. We believe the convergence of connectivity, ridesharing and autonomous vehicles will shape the future of personal mobility, and we’re working across multiple fronts to create an integrated network of on-demand autonomous vehicles in the U.S.
11
2016 Chevrolet Malibu
The all-new Malibu uses an array of sensors to offer the most available active safety features in its class.

 2016 Opel Astra
2016 European Car of the Year
12
In the meantime, Lyft drivers and customers have access to our portfolio of cars and OnStar services, creating a richer ridesharing experience for drivers and passengers alike. We’re also now a preferred provider of short-term-use vehicles to Lyft drivers through a number of U.S. rental hubs.
Another area where we’re changing the industry is alternative propulsion, including electric vehicles like the Chevrolet Volt and Bolt EV models I mentioned earlier. For more on the Bolt EV, take a look at the feature on Vehicle Chief Engineer Josh Tavel on Page 18.
Beyond the Chevrolet Volt and Bolt EV, the GM team is leading the charge to bring other breakthrough vehicles to customers around the world — vehicles like the all-new Chevrolet Malibu Hybrid, which gets combined city-highway fuel economy of 47 miles per gallon, and an all-new Cadillac plug-in hybrid EV slated for 2017.
Meanwhile, active safety technology and the rapid advancement of connectivity are providing the foundation for increased automation, leading eventually to fully autonomous driving. As a step, Cadillac plans to introduce
“Super Cruise” technology in 2017 on the Cadillac CT6. Super Cruise is a highway driving automation technology that will enable hands-free driving, even in stop-and-go traffic.
BEHAVIORS AND VALUES
With so many changes transforming the global auto industry, it’s more important than ever that we maintain a consistent understanding within GM of who we are and why we are here. It’s critical that we take our core values to heart and live the behaviors we need to win in today’s ultra-competitive global auto industry.
It starts by putting customers at the center of everything we do. Throughout the company, we listen intently to our customers’ needs. We focus on things that delight the customer, that add value for the customer, and therefore earn customers for life. Quality and safety — both customer and workplace — are foundational commitments, never compromised. We’ve made a clear commitment to become the industry leader in vehicle safety, and we are working diligently and making steady progress toward achieving this goal.
We build relationships inside and outside the company by holding ourselves accountable and keeping commitments. Individually and collectively, around the world, we do what we say we are going to do.
And we drive excellence into everything we do. We look over the horizon to anticipate what’s coming, we look for opportunities in every challenge and we demonstrate the tenacity to win in all things. We act with integrity and take accountability for our results.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT

THE GM TEAM
I am very proud to work with and lead the diverse and talented men and women of General Motors around the world.
Everything we achieved in 2015, and all that we’ll accomplish in 2016 and beyond, stems from their dedication and drive, their willingness to say “your problem is my problem” and their commitment to working and winning as a team.
It’s easy to be inspired — as I am every day — when you see their passion for the industry, the quality of their work and their unwavering commitment to building great cars, trucks and crossovers and creating great experiences for our customers around the world.
READY TO LEAD
I look back on 2015 knowing it was a strong year for GM, as was 2014 before it. I’m convinced we will deliver even more in 2016.
We’ll continue to strengthen our core business, take advantage of growth opportunities and define the future of personal mobility. Through it all, we’ll continue to put customers at the center of everything we do, while maximizing shareholder returns and long-term value.
I believe the opportunities in today’s auto industry are as great as they have ever been. And I couldn’t be more excited about GM leading the way, as we deliver for our customers and shareholders for years
to come. Respectfully,
Mary Barra Chairman & CEO April 22, 2016
“We’ll continue to strengthen our core business, take advantage of growth opportunities and define the future of personal mobility. Through it all, we’ll continue to put customers at the center of everything we do, while maximizing shareholder returns and long-term value.”
 2016 Chevy Colorado
Motor Trend Truck of the Year two years running
13
 2016 GMC Acadia
 