
 

To Our Stockholders:
2013 was an historic year for General Motors -	a year in which we advanced every part of our long-term strategy for profitable growth.




 
We strengthened GM's fortress balance sheet. We delivered solid earnings and made a number of strategic investments around the world. We also built on
our reputation for product excellence and world-class quality, thanks to our revitalized portfolio of highly regarded new and refreshed vehicles.
In June, Standard & Poor's restored GM to the S&P 500, which opened the door to new investors, including index mutual fund holders and other Investment institutions. Then in September, Moody's Investors Service responded to our progress by elevating GM to investment grade. Finally, the U.S. Treasury sold
its remaining stake in the company toward the end of the year, and we will be forever grateful for the extraordinary assistance we received.
These were all Important milestones. But just as important, our culture is changing and the entire company is now squarely focused on the customer: what
they want, what they need and what they
 
deserve when they buy a new GM car, truck or crossover.
This discipline is transforming our product design, quality and customer care at a remarkable pace. It is also guiding our response to the large safety recalls announced in early 2014 that involve the ignition switches in certain GM vehicles no longer in production.
Rest assured that we are completely focused on this issue at the highest levels of the company and we
are working to exceed everyone's expectations for customer care, responsiveness and transparency.
 












iiiMll:§J#
Chief Executive Officer





II 3
 








OUR	CULTURE IS CHANGING AND THE ENTIRE COMPANY IS NOW SQUARELY FOCUSED ON THE CUSTOMER: WHAT THEY WANT, WHAT THEY NEED AND WHAT THEY DESERVE WHEN THEY BUY
A NEW	GM	CAR, TRUCK OR CROSSOVER.










 
IMHW,iiii♦ 
9,700,000
VEHICLES
delivered around
lhe world



























4 I 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
 
Nothing is more important than the safety of our customers, so we are also making changes to ensure that something like this does not happen again. One of our first actions was to name a vice president of Global Vehicle Safety to oversee the
safety development of GM vehicle systems on a global basis, the confirmation and validation of safety performance, and
pos-tsale safety activities such as recalls. There will be more changes because we are determined to emerge from this crisis stronger and wiser so we can accelerate the momentum we generated through­ out 2013.
During the year, we delivered a record
9.7 million vehicles around the world and more than $155 billfon in revenue. We saw record sales In China, the world's largest market; higher retail share in the United States; and OpelNauxhall's first market share increase in Europe in 14 years.
Net Income to common stockholders was $3.8 billion, which is down from
 
2012 largely because of incremental tax expense and the actions we took to make the business stronger for the long term.
By contrast, our EBIT-adjusted- a figure that tracks how the underlying business is performing before interest, taxes and special Items - was a robust $8.6 billion. That is up $700 million from 2012.
The largest contributors were our operations in North America, where we had record earnings, our China joint ventures and GM Financial, which also posted record results. South America was profitable and Europe, which significantly reduced Its losses, remains on track to achieve Its mid-decade break-even target.
All ofthis translates into 16 consecutive profitable quarters and almost $32 blllion of cumulative EBIT-adjusted since the beginning of 2010. These results also paved the way, in early 2014, for our Board of Directors to declare a 30-cent per share quarterly dividend on our common stock- a first for today's GM.
 





























 
GM's IPO: AN EXPRESSION OF WHAT COULD BE
Returning capital to common stockholders through a dividend was meaningful because it helps deliver on the promise of GM's historic 2010 initial public offering.
We went public as a smaller company with far less debt and some very good vehicles. However, a wide range of issues had to be addressed so that the
company could better adapt to aggressive global competition, rapid-fire advances
in technology and increasingly stringent government regulations.
Working together, our team set out to rebuild the company's organizational capability in corporate and consumer finance, accounting, information technology, rlsk management, research and development, and more.
Every year since the IPO, we have made significant progress, and 2013 was no exception. For example, we acquired Ally
 
Financ1al's International Operations 1n Europe and Latin America, and we expect to acquire Ally Financial's China Joint venture in 2014.
The year also saw the opening of a new state-of-the-art information technology data center and the start of construction on a second mirrored and fully redundant facility, as well as the retirement of several billion dollars of high-cost preferred stock. However, no amount of restructuring, reorganization and investment would matter much if we had not made the customer our compass.
Our products best tell this story. Today, GM products are taking on the best vehicles in the world and winning - with customers and critics alike. For example, the new Cadillac ATS sedan, which was named the 2013 North American Car
of the Year by a panel of distinguished journalists, helped Cadillac become the fastest-growing full-line luxury brand In 2013. Just 12 months later, Chevrolet
 


IMI Mhif►r
$8.68
2.013

 




















II s
 














2014 SltVERADO: orthAn n nTruckolth Year. 2014 CORVETTE STI NG RAY: orth muicmCarofthe,e.ar




 








 



 
lnitW Qu.alll} Awards
In  201)
 
swept the group's 2014 car and truck awards with the Corvette Stingray and the Silverado. About the same time, the new Cadillac CTS was named the Motor Trend Car of the Year.
The same story is playing out all over the world. The revitalization of Opel/ Vauxhall 1s just one example. Opel won
more than three dozen awards for design, performance, innovation and value in 2013, thanks in large measure to the new ADAM and Mokka.
Compelling design played a part in these success stones. So did value, and advanced technology in areas like safety, connect1v1ty and fuel economy. However, there is one attribute that can make or break a brand, and that is quality.


QUALITY: GOOD ENOUGH
JUST ISN'T

For years, GM's quality was competitive. Today "good enough" just Isn't, and we
 
have made maJor strides because the entire organization is now on the same page. For example, back in 2011 we aligned the compensation of salaried and hourly employees in the United States around profits and quality.
This provides a greater opportunity for employees to share in the success of the business. And getting our workforce fully engaged was instrumental 1n helping us earn eight Initial Quality Awards in the J.D. Power 2013 Initial Quality Study , which was more than any other automaker.
We are proud of our progress, but it Is critical that we improve on these results and then replicate them all over the world. That Is why we created the Global Quality & Customer Experience team in 2013.
This group 1s helping us develop even more robust product quality and durability testing standards, and revamp how we handle customer concerns to move faster and get our designers and engineers
fully engaged.
 







 
6 I 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
 







 

P LAYI N G O FFE N SE

Everyone at GM knows that to get ahead and stay ahead, we have to do more than just get the fundamentals like quality right. We have to play offense with great products and exceptional value.
For example, In 2013 and early 2014, we announced that GMC and Chevrolet will reenter the mid-size pickup segment in the United States by leveraging one of our global truck architectures. This 1s a segment that our domestic competitors
abandoned. But we think there are plenty
of customers ready for great-looking, very
 

luxury market in the world by the end of the decade. We broke ground on this facility in 2013, and it 1s one of several investments that we expect will increase our capacity 1n China to about 5 million units within a few years.


D RI VI N G I N N OVATION

Another thing all great companies do 1s innovate, and GM 1s now doing a much better Job of stretching for breakthroughs and creating significant positive change for customers.
 





,   , ■ j@fiiiHI♦ 
62,000
U     N    I    T   S
 
capable and fuel-efficient designs. The
 
Our global connected car strategy is a	 	
 
vehicles - the Chevrolet Colorado and GMC Canyon - launch this fall.
Transforming Cadillac into a global luxury brand is another priority. That's why we are simultaneously expanding our product portfolio and building a dedicated plant
in Shanghai to serve the Chinese market, which we believe will be the largest
 
case in point. Our OnStar business was a pioneer of the connected car, and it turned three simple buttons - one for calls, one for directions and one for emergencies - into a very successful business with close to 7 million subscribers in the United States, Canada, China and Mexico.
 
global sales of
100.000 units -
Including 6 2 ,0 0 0
in China










2014 BUICK ENCORE
 




 
2015 GMC CANYO N
 
 

2015 CHEVROLE T COLORADO
 





 









 
46 LTE
rolls out 1hls year
in U.S. and Canada
 
Now Opel is planning to introduce OnStar across Its passenger car range in selected European markets beginning in 2015. In addition, we are preparing to take OnStar beyond safety and security to an entirely new level of performance and redefine what it means to be connected.
In early 2013, we announced the automotive industry's largest global deployment of 4G LTE l1igh-speed mobile broadband. Our strategy will give consumers around the world superior smartphone integration, a built-in Wi-Fi
hotspot and a growing portfolio of apps that can handle everything from scheduling vehicle service appointments to booking
a hotel room.
The plan is for the OnStar 4G LTE rollout to start this summer in the United States and Canada on most 2015 models, and we plan to expand availabll[ty to more brands, vehicles and markets in coming years.
Every initiative I have shared so far has one goal: to help GM grow profitably around the world. The same holds true for the
 
difficult decisions we made in 2013, which include actions that will end the sale of mainstream Chevrolet products in Europe after 2015, and stop the production of vehicles at our Australian operations by the end of 2017. These business units have been generating losses for years because of issues that Include high production costs, lack of scale and adverse currency shifts.
Going forward, we will continue to market Holden-brand vehicles in Australia, and we will focus on Opel and Vauxhall in Europe. As hard as it is to pull back, acting now will free up resources that we can invest
in other parts of the business where the risk-reward equation is better.
 



8 I 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
 



















































OPEL WON MORE THAN THR E

FORDESIGN, PERFORMANCE, INNOWATION AND VALUE IN	2013.
 

 
 

OUR	ULTIMATE GOAL IS  TO  SEE  GM  RANKED AMONG THE VERY BEST COMPANIES IN THE WORLD.


 
























































2014
CHEVROLET
MALIS U
 
LEADING GM INTO THE FUTURE
One of the principal architects of GM's success is Dan Akerson, who stepped down as chairman and CEO in January 2014 due to family reasons. Dan's GM career began on the eve of our historic IPO, and it spanned some of the most critical - and successfuI -years in the company's history.
I remember the day early in his tenure when Dan said emphatically, "I am not
a car guy." Many people didn't know what to make of his remark because they were used to auto executives with gasoline
1n their veins and nicknames llke "Engine Charlie."
However, history will show that Dan was the quintessential car guy because he drove us to refocus our entire organization around the customer, saying that is what the world's most successful companies do. At the same time, he changed how we operate by challenging the status quo in every area and promoting or recruiting change agents who helped us learn that past practice isn't always best practice.
Under Dan's leadership, the GM Board of Directors has become one of the strongest boards in corporate America. We've added a number of respected directors, including lim Solso, the retired chairman and CEO of Cummins Inc., who is now GM's
non-executive chairman. Tim is widely considered to be one of the world's best corporate leaders.
 
At Cummins, he preached profitable growth, he championed innovation and the company deliveredexceptional returns to stockholders in the process. His counsel is going to be invaluable.
To be sure, we still have our share of internal and external challenges. But we know what they are and we are facing them down one after another. That's why there will be no right or left turns
by today's leadership team.
In the years ahead, you can expect continued investment by GM in compelling design, innovation and an exceptional ownership experience. Simultaneously,
we will continue our work to reduce internal complexity, especially in product development, drive down material and logistics costs, and fix or exit businesses that are not profitable.
We know that winning in each of these areas - not Just making progress - is
the best path to leadership and reaching our ultimate goal, which ls to see GM ranked among the very best companies in the world.
Respectfully,
'M T	;1,,. 	
MARY T. BARRA
Chief Executive Officer April 25, 2014



B 11
