 General Motors Chief Executive Officer Mary T. Barra with the advanced- technology luxury sedan, the all-new 2016 CADILLAC CT6 — fresh from
it
s global debut at the 2015 New York Auto Show.
1
4

TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
2014 was a defining year for GM.
The extraordinary challenges we faced with the ignition switch recall and additional recalls were the ultimate test of our team and our priorities. As we faced these challenges, we demonstrated our recently refined core values. We confronted our problems and acknowledged our shortcomings. It was a very difficult year in many ways, but we are a stronger company because of the way we responded to the crisis.
As the situation unfolded, we were guided by two principles. First, do the right thing for those who were affected by the switch failures; and second, accept responsibility for our mistakes and commit to doing everything within our power to prevent this problem from ever happening again.
In a global meeting with all GM employees last June, I told them I never want anyone in the
company to put what happened behind them. This experience must be permanently etched in our memories because we never want it to
happen again. To fulfill this promise, we made a public commitment to become the industry leader in safety. We have made progress on this promise, but understand there is more to do.
The demands of the recalls were significant. At the same time, we felt strongly that we couldn’t use this situation as an excuse for a disappointing year financially. Successful
businesses find a way to perform, regardless of the challenges they face. Our performance wasn’t perfect, but we delivered solid returns.
As I reflect on this past year, I am most proud of the men and women of General Motors. Under difficult circumstances, they demonstrated their character, determination, and commitment to our customers.
     Earlier this year, Consumer Reports named the 2014 BUICK REGAL its top sports sedan, as Buick set its second consecutive annual global sales record. Sales in 2014 reached nearly 1.2 million
 vehicles, including more than 900,000 in China.
 15
                    
In 2014, we earned net income to common stockholders of $2.8 billion, including recall- related costs. Absent special items, net income would have been $5.2 billion. Turning to EBIT- adjusted results, we earned $6.5 billion, which included $2.8 billion in recall-related expenses. Net revenue increased by about $500 million
to $155.9 billion. Our adjusted automotive free cash flow was $3.1 billion. These results are important because this is the first year since 2010 that the company met its target for core operating financial performance.
The results of 2014 are illustrative of what GM can do as we become more sharply focused.
Among the year’s many highlights:
• Our China joint ventures delivered record sales, market share and earnings.
• In North America, through the end of 2014 we delivered six consecutive quarters, year over year, of improved core operating EBIT-
adjusted margins. Market share held steady despite the impact of recalls.
• In Europe, Opel/Vauxhall enjoyed its second consecutive year of sales and share growth.
• In South America, we posted a small
loss, but even as conditions became more challenging, the team finished the year with three consecutive, quarter to quarter, improved EBIT-adjusted results.
• GM Financial continues to contribute to solid earnings.
Looking to 2015 and beyond, we have made company-wide changes so we are more attuned to the needs and expectations of customers. We are more united as a leadership team in our purpose and direction. And we are putting concrete strategies and plans in place that will help us achieve our goal of becoming the most valued automotive company.
 16
2015 OPEL CORSA

  The competition is fierce.
Our mission at GM is to be the industry leader in this era of transformative change.
 I believe we will see more changes in the automotive sector in the next five years than we have seen in the last 50. We are
on the verge of a revolution in personal transportation. Vehicles will become dramatically safer, more fuel efficient and cleaner than anyone thought possible even
a few years ago. The impact on the industry, communities around the globe and hundreds of millions of consumers will be profound.
I have been in this industry my entire career and this is by far the most exciting time I have experienced. The competition is fierce. The technological advances are dramatic and regulatory changes are far reaching. But the opportunity to build the next generation of cars, trucks and crossovers that will improve millions of lives is incredibly motivating to all of us at GM. Our mission at GM is to be the industry leader in this era of transformative change.
As we add the latest technology to vehicles, we will remain focused on our customers. We want to earn customers for life. We want customers to know that they can count on GM for industry leading quality, safety and reliability, as well as for translating breakthrough technologies into
vehicles and experiences that they love. Most importantly, we want customers to know that, in partnership with our dealers, they will be valued and respected throughout their entire ownership experience.
Accountability is the foundation for any organization’s success. A company, like an individual, becomes known for whether or not it keeps its word. More than anything else, we want people to know that GM can
be counted on to act with integrity, to keep its commitments and honor its relationships with all stakeholders. Financially, we will work to make prudent investments for the future while delivering strong results in the short term. We will continue to expand our efforts to strengthen our brands and better serve the needs and desires of our customers.
One great example of our ability to lead is the new Chevrolet Colorado and GMC Canyon midsized pickups. Many industry experts believed the midsized truck segment was dead. It had shrunk significantly over the last decade or so, and most manufacturers had dropped out of the segment.
Yet after listening carefully to customers, and relying on our own instincts, we saw an opportunity. We concluded there was demand for an all-new, midsized truck, and we put a plan in place to meet this need. It was not an easy call, but it was the right one. The trucks
 17
                    
have received rave reviews and numerous awards, including Motor Trend’s Truck of the Year and Autoweek’s Best of the Best Truck.
We have 10 distinct brands around the globe and we are working to strengthen each of them to inspire passion and loyalty in the markets they serve.
To take advantage of this rising tide of sales, we are investing heavily in new product for Cadillac. Over the next five years, we intend to launch eight new models, several of which will be new segments for the brand.
A critical component of GM’s business plan is to restore Cadillac to a position of leadership in the global luxury segment. We took a significant step late last year by establishing Cadillac as a separate business inside General Motors. The brand experienced a 5 percent sales increase in 2014, led by a 47 percent increase in sales in China and the resounding success of the new Escalade.
The luxury segment is an important part of the auto business today, and it’s going to be even more important over the next decade. By 2020, the luxury segment is expected to expand globally by 35 percent or more. To take advantage of this rising tide of sales, we are investing heavily in new product for Cadillac.
Over the next five years, we intend to launch eight new models, several of which will be new segments for the brand.
Another element of our strategy for Cadillac is to position the brand as the flagship for industry leading technology. In the 2017 model year, we plan to introduce vehicle-to-vehicle connectivity and Super Cruise, a GM developed system
that allows drivers in certain circumstances to operate the vehicle without touching the steering wheel or pedals.
It will take time to see results, but we have confidence that, as we execute our strategy, Cadillac sales will grow over the next few years.
Chevrolet performed well in 2014, with sales up 4 percent in the U.S. The new Silverado, Tahoe and Suburban had great sales momentum and they each gained market share. Chevrolet also had record sales in China, and it retained its market leadership in South America.
With more than 70 million customers around the world, Chevrolet is one of the best positioned auto brands in the industry. Our challenge is to better leverage Chevrolet’s extraordinary assets so it can continue to grow in the U.S., while expanding rapidly in China, Brazil and other developing markets.
An example of Chevrolet’s potential is the all-new Trax, a small crossover that competes in one of the fastest-growing segments in the
  18

 U.S. and China. Following the Trax, we have a full pipeline of strong new products launching over the next 12 months. Starting late this year, we will launch new versions of the Malibu and Equinox, which compete in two of the world’s largest vehicle segments. All-new versions
of the Spark, Volt and Camaro will also make their debuts.
Opel/Vauxhall continues to execute its plan for growth and profitability. With successful products such as Mokka and ADAM, Opel/ Vauxhall delivered sales of nearly 1.1 million last year. This was the second year in a row Opel/Vauxhall gained market share. To keep our momentum going, we launched the fifth generation of the Corsa in early 2015. The new Karl small car and Astra will follow later this year. Astra and Corsa represent about half of Opel/Vauxhall’s volume.
Rebuilding Opel has taken resolve, discipline and a lot of hard work. We believe we have
the right plan, a strong leadership team and a company-wide commitment to Opel’s future.
Buick continues to be a style leader and a core component of our growth strategy in China. With sales of nearly 1.2 million in 2014, including more than 900,000 in China, Buick is a great example of how GM’s global scale can be leveraged to produce value for stockholders. Buick is also a great example of the quality
of our vehicles and the strength of our dealer network. Consumer rating organizations, such as J.D. Power and Associates and Consumer Reports, consistently rank Buick among the top automotive brands for reliability and dealer service.
The GMC brand is defined as Professional Grade — a commitment to premium materials, purposeful design and advanced technology in every vehicle. We are enhancing our marketing efforts and exploring a number of ways to further expand GMC’s product offerings. Going
 19
                     The all-new 2016 CHEVY MALIBU

forward, we will continue to invest in the brand because of GMC’s strong brand identity and growth potential.
GM Financial is another critical part of our growth strategy. As we expand our ability to offer customers financing and leasing, it is an important resource for fulfilling our ambition of earning lifetime relationships with customers. GM Financial currently operates in 19 countries that account for approximately 80 percent of GM’s sales. Now that it is the exclusive lease provider for Chevrolet, Buick, GMC and Cadillac, GM Financial’s growth and profitability should increase substantially.
Across all of our brands, we are leading the industry in connectivity. Our commitment to offer 4G LTE and OnStar on a global basis is creating a significant competitive advantage for GM. In North America, we installed 4G LTE on more than 30 models — 16 Chevrolet,
4 Buick, 6 GMC and 5 Cadillac — by far the most in the industry. Our service includes a built-
in Wi-Fi hot spot capable of connecting up to seven devices. It also enhances the connection to OnStar, making it the best in-vehicle safety system available from any manufacturer.
We are accelerating the integration of OnStar and 4G LTE in China and Europe as well. OnStar launched in China in 2009, and today it is the largest telematics provider in the country with more than 850,000 subscribers. Later this year we expect to begin offering 4G LTE on select Cadillac models in China.
Opel/Vauxhall will launch OnStar with 4G LTE capabilities in 13 European markets this year, with no additional roaming charges. OnStar will be available across the Opel/Vauxhall car range, and interactions with our advisors, in-vehicle voice prompts, the radio display and mobile app will be in the customers’ chosen language.
  20
The all-new 2016 BUICK ENVISION

  With these services, we are making sure our customers have more than just a great vehicle, they have a great ownership experience.
The electrification of the automobile is an important part of our future as well. On this front, we are making rapid and dramatic progress. Consumers have purchased more than 75,000 Volts, and we know two things from their collective experience. First, owners love the vehicle. The Volt’s customer satisfaction ratings are among the highest in the industry. Second, they rarely buy gasoline. The typical Volt customer is averaging about 100 miles per gallon, which translates to a fill-up about once a month.
Building on our experience with the first generation Volt, we revealed a second- generation model and a new electric concept car at the North American International Auto Show in January. The concept vehicle, known as the Bolt EV, is an all-electric vehicle that will go 200 miles on a charge and cost roughly $30,000. Following a positive response from consumers, we recently confirmed we will build the car in our Orion Assembly facility near Detroit.
As we consider the progress of the last few years, we believe we are on track to meet our 2016 financial targets, which include
10 percent EBIT-adjusted margins in North America, profitability in Europe, sustained strong margins in China and continued progress in emerging markets.
Today’s Chevy Volt customers average about 100 miles per gallon, which should be even better with the all-new 2016 CHEVROLET VOLT.
In addition, in February we announced our intent to increase the second quarter dividend on our common stock by 20 percent to 36 cents per share. And, in March we announced a capital allocation framework that provides for reinvestment in the business, maintains an investment grade balance sheet and anticipates the return of all available free cash flow to stockholders, including a $5-billion share buyback.
During 2015, we expect to sell more than 1,000 new vehicles per hour, 24 hours a day. This adds up to nearly 10 million vehicles, the
most in our history. I look at this extraordinary volume as 10 million opportunities to prove what kind of company we are. I believe we are stronger than we were a year ago. I also believe we will continue to gain strength this year and in the years ahead.
Respectfully,
MARY T. BARRA
Chief Executive Officer April 24, 2015
  21
                    