Our company is in a crucial period in its nearly 100-year history. I'm pleased to report that, in 2006, the entire GM team rose up to meet the collective challenges we face, and we stand today in a much better position than we did 12 months ago. Our focus now is to accelerate our momentum and truly transform our company for a second century of success. Consider the progress we made in 2006: · Excluding special items, adjusted net income improved by $5.4 billion to a profit of $2.2 billion, or $3.88 per share fully diluted, on record revenue of $207 billion. Including restructuring and other charges, GM had a net loss in 2006 of $2 billion, which was an $8.4 billion improvement versus 2005. · GM's automotive business posted consistently improved results, including record global revenue, in all four quarters. Excluding special items, net income from automotive operations improved by more than $5.7 billion, totaling $422 million on an adjusted basis (reported net loss of $3.2 billion, an improvement of $6.9 billion). · GM North America posted a $5-billion earnings improvement in 2006, with an adjusted net loss of $779 million (reported net loss of $4.6 billion). In the fourth quarter of 2006, GMNA recorded its fourth consecutive quarter of more than $1 billion improvement in adjusted earnings. · And GM's share price made a significant recovery, leading the Dow Jones Industrial Average with a 60 percent increase in value for 2006. Does this mean GM's turnaround is complete? Not at all. Rest assured, nobody at GM is declaring victory. We all know there's a lot more work to do to achieve our business goals of steady growth, solid profitability and positive cash generation. And yet, we improved further and faster in 2006 than many people thought possible. We firmly believe that GM is headed in the right direction, with growing momentum ­ and that raises a critical point. Returning GM to profitability is obviously very important, and we're working intently to achieve that goal. But our objective is not just to change GM's bottom line from red to black. Our fundamental goal is to transform General Motors for the long haul, to structure it for sustained profi ability and growth, to set us up to be successful for years to come in the evermoreglobal auto business. To achieve this goal, we have a very straightforward strategy: great cars and trucks that build strong brands, supported by industry-leading technology. Students of GM and the industry know this is not a new strategy. It's the one that made GM number one more than 75 years ago; now, it's re-making GM all over again, all over the world. North American Turnaround In 2006, we aggressively implemented the turnaround plan for North America that we began in 2005. We cut $9 billion in structural costs on a running rate basis by the end of 2006 ­ $2 billion above the target I discussed in my letter to you last year, and $4 billion above our initial target. We realized $6.8 billion of these savings in our 2006 financials, and plan to realize the full $9 billion in 2007. Major actions included reducing our salaried and hourly workforce, revising U.S. salaried and hourly retiree health care benefits, restructuring our U.S. salaried employee pension plan, decreasing our executive and board of directors' compensation, and aggressively pursuing structural-cost

reductions throughout the company. On the revenue side of our plan, we fundamentally changed the way we market and sell our cars and trucks in the U.S. and Canada. We cut sticker prices, reduced incentives, re-focused our marketing efforts to emphasize the strength and value of our products and brands, and reduced low-profit daily rental fleet sales, which improved residual values for our vehicles. In a very concrete demonstration of our confidence in the quality and reliability of our products, and the people who build them, we introduced the best warranty coverage of any full-line manufacturer in the U.S. and Canada ­ a fully transferable, five year/100,000-mile limited powertrain warranty on every car and light-duty truck in our 2007 model year lineup. We then extended that coverage in the U.S. this year to qualifying GM Certified used vehicles. Most importantly, we successfully launched a number of great new cars and trucks, such as our all-new fullsize sport utility vehicles, the Chevy Tahoe, GMC Yukon and Cadillac Escalade; our all-new midsize crossovers, the Saturn Outlook and GMC Acadia; and both the car and truck of the year at the 2007 North American International Auto Show, the Saturn Aura and Chevy Silverado. Global Growth 2006 was the industry's fifth consecutive year of record global sales: 67.5 million units. In fact, industry sales were up more than 30 percent in the last 10 years, or about twice the pace of growth in the previous two decades. We're forecasting yet another industry-sales record in 2007 of about 70 million units. GM is well positioned to take full advantage of this global growth. Overall, we sold more than 9 million cars and trucks in 2006 for the second year in a row, and only the third time in GM history. Of those sales, a record 55 percent were outside the U.S., a percentage that's likely to continue growing as we drive aggressively to increase our sales in emerging markets like China, Brazil, Russia and India. In our Asia Pacific region, we continue to see very strong growth in sales and continued solid profitability. GM was once again the number one automaker in the fast-growing China market, led by our Buick division, which has tremendous heritage and brand equity in the country. China's industry sales exceeded 7 million units last year for the first time, making it the second-largest national market in the world. Industry sales there are projected to exceed 8 million units this year. In Europe, growth was stronger than anticipated in 2006, with our sales up to a record 2 million units, leading to our first full year of adjusted profitability (reported net loss of $225 million) since 1999. Sales were boosted by the all-new Opel/Vauxhall Corsa and the continued rapid expansion of the Chevrolet brand. In our Latin America, Africa and Middle East region, we sold more than one million GM vehicles last year for the first time. Overall, sales increased 17 percent as we expanded our Chevrolet lineup and made significant progress turning around our important business in Brazil. Sales in the Mideast and Africa alone were up 22 percent. Liquidity Improvements In 2006, we continued to focus on strengthening GM's liquidity and balance sheet. By year's end, our liquidity position was substantially improved to more than $26 billion,

including cash and cash equivalents. This is important for funding our turnaround in the U.S., and investing in future product programs, technologies and growth markets. Major actions last year included the sale of all or part of our equity stakes in Isuzu Motors Ltd. and Suzuki Motor Corp., which added $2.3 billion in liquidity, and the sale of 51 percent of our equity in GMAC, which will raise $13 billion over three years to strengthen GM's balance sheet. We still have more work to do in generating cash fl ow from our operating businesses. In 2006, we had negative cash fl ow from automotive operations of $3.8 billion ­ unacceptable, but still more than $4 billion better than in 2005. In the fourth quarter, we achieved positive automotive operating cash fl ow of approximately $300 million. Moving the business to positive operating cash fl ow is a top priority. Technology Leadership In 2006, we emphasized energy and environmental leadership as a critical element of GM's ongoing turnaround plan and a key part of our business strategy. In order to reduce the world's dependence on oil, as well as meet the growing demand for our cars and trucks around the globe, we're embracing a policy of energy diversity ­ that is, offering vehicles that can be powered with many different sources of energy. GM will continue improving the efficiency of the internal combustion engine, as we have for decades. But we're also redoubling our efforts to displace traditional petroleum-based fuels by building vehicles that run on alternative fuels. Last year, we launched our "Live Green Go Yellow" E85 ethanol campaign in the U.S., and fulfilled our pledge to put more than two million E85-capable vehicles on the road. We have pledged publicly to double our production of E85-capable vehicles by 2010, and we are prepared to make fully half of our annual vehicle production biofuel-capable by 2012, provided there is ample availability and distribution of E85, as part of an overall national energy strategy. Later this year, we will debut our pioneering two-mode hybrid system on our fullsize SUVs. This sophisticated hybrid powertrain is based on the system we use in our transit buses that currently are saving hundreds of thousands of gallons of fuel a year on the streets of 51 cities in the United States and Canada. Energy Diversity Our commitment to energy diversity also means that we will significantly expand and accelerate the development of electrically driven vehicles ­ vehicles in which an electric motor turns the wheels. In 2006, we showed the first drivable version of our Sequel fuel cell vehicle, and announced plans to deploy a test fleet of 100 fuel cell Chevy Equinox crossovers in three states this year. In 2007, we will continue our development of fuel cell technology, which is a major part of our effort to displace petroleum fuels and, in the process, drastically reduce carbon emissions. In 2006, we also announced plans to produce a plug-in hybrid version of the next-generation Saturn Vue Green Line, which has the potential to achieve double the fuel efficiency of any current SUV. And at this year's North American International Auto Show in Detroit, we unveiled the highly acclaimed Chevrolet Volt Concept. The Volt is a battery-powered, four-

passenger sedan powered by E-fl ex, our next-generation electric propulsion system. The car uses a small gasoline engine (or fl ex-fuel engine, or diesel, or fuel cell) to create additional electricity to extend its range, and has the potential to nearly eliminate trips to the gas pump for many drivers, as advanced battery technology continues to develop. Overall, we believe that our industry is on the threshold of a major transformation in propulsion fuels and technologies ­ a transformation that can help us accelerate industry growth in a sustainable way, mitigate and ultimately solve the energy and environmental challenges of the automobile, and create vehicles that are fundamentally better than their predecessors. The Challenges Ahead We reviewed our legacy cost challenges at length in last year's letter. The U.S. health-care crisis has begun to gain more attention in Washington, but we can't wait to see if government can fi x this complex problem. Last year, our health-care bill was a staggering $4.8 billion. That's down from $5.3 billion in 2005 ­ due largely to our historic 2005 agreement on sharing health-care costs with the United Auto Workers, which reduced GM's U.S. retiree healthcare liabilities by about $15 billion on our balance sheet ­ but it's still the highest of any American business by far. It's a cost that continues to put us at an unsustainable disadvantage to most of our foreign-based competitors. Over the past 18 months, in particular, we've worked closely with the UAW and other unions to restructure GM for long-term success. The upcoming 2007 labor negotiations in the U.S. present another important opportunity to meaningfully address critical issues such as cost competitiveness. It's our intention to seek creative solutions that will benefit our employees, unions, shareholders, customers and dealers by ensuring sustained profitability in the years ahead. As this report goes to print, GM remains in discussions with Delphi Corp., the UAW and other interested parties on Delphi's Chapter 11 restructuring. We've made considerable progress in those complex negotiations over the past year, and continue to be hopeful that an agreement can be reached soon that is in the best interests of GM and its stockholders. I also want to assure stockholders that management is focused on continuing to strengthen our internal accounting resources and financial reporting, as discussed in last year's letter. Following a review of deferred income taxes and our accounting for derivatives under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, we restated our balance sheet, stockholders' equity and reported net income in our financial statements from 2002 through the third quarter of 2006. These adjustments had no material impact on cash fl ow for any of the restated periods. The 2006 restatements reinforce our view that we have more work to do in this area. We remain committed to re-establishing GM's reputation for financial reporting excellence by adding needed resources and strengthening our reporting and control processes. Investing in the Future The most important element of our future success will always be great cars and trucks. To support that, and despite our financial challenges, we continue to raise spending

on new products. In 2007 and 2008, we plan to spend $8.5 billion to $9 billion on capital investments, an increase of nearly $1 billion from 2005 and 2006. Last year, nearly 30 percent of our U.S. retail sales volume came from newly launched products, up from about 20 percent in 2005. In 2007, that number will grow. In North America, we'll launch a number of important new vehicles, including the 2008 Chevrolet Malibu family sedan and second-generation Cadillac CTS luxury sedan. Both won widespread praise at this year's Detroit auto show for their compelling exterior designs, well-crafted interiors, improved fuel efficiency and innovative features. Of course, we'll launch many other exciting cars and trucks throughout the world this year, including the Opel GT and Cadillac BLS wagon in Europe, the new Buick Park Avenue in China, the Chevrolet Matiz in India, the Chevrolet Captiva throughout our Latin America, Africa and Middle East region, and the Chevrolet HHR, which will be expanded into Europe and throughout the Asia Pacific region. Only by introducing stylish, segment-leading cars and trucks will we improve the image and value of our brands and stand out among the many choices in the marketplace. That's why we're committed to ensuring that GM cars and trucks are design leaders, inside and out ­ cars like the Chevy Camaro convertible pictured on pages 20 and 21 of this year's report. The benefits of GM's global product development system are increasingly evident ­ crisper product execution, shorter life cycles, better quality, lower cost and a real focus on making GM, once again, a design-driven company. From Turnaround to Transformation At GM, we made a lot of progress last year. Our performance was validation that we have the right strategy, and it's working. Now we need to take it a lot further, as fast as we can. Our goal is to fundamentally transform GM, into a globally integrated automaker that creates great cars and trucks, with outstanding design and the best technology, building strong brands ­ a company that is truly global, not just in terms of where we build and sell, but in our mindset. As important as 2006 was for General Motors, 2007 will be equally critical, as we make continued progress and position your company for long-term, sustainable success. We appreciate your continued support as we move rapidly on this important journey. Rick Wagoner Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

