                 DANIEL F. AKERSON
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
with the 2014 Cadillac CTS
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
Last year, I closed my letter to you by talking about how GM was changing its processes and culture in order to build the best vehicles in the world much more efficiently and profitably. This year, I want to pick up where I left off, and articulate what success looks like for you as stockholders, and for everyone else who depends on us.>>
General Motors Company 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
 3

 The Opel Mokka entered the growing European market for sub-compact SUVs in 2012. And if the enthusiastic customer response is any indication, the vehicle’s new technologies and bold design are already setting a new standard in its segment.
 4
                 Simply stated, our objective is to make GM the world’s most valuable automotive company over time by attracting the industry’s most loyal and enthusiastic customers.
The phrase “most valuable” means different things
to different groups, which is intentional. To suppliers and our dealers, it means GM will be their preferred business partner. To our team, it means we will be their workplace of choice. And to investors, it means we
will become a blue chip holding by virtue of long-term profitable growth, which is the theme of this letter.
What is immutable is our focus on the customer, which requires us to go from “good” today to “great” in everything we do, including product design, initial quality, durability and service after the sale.
As you will read, the foundation for greatness is being built. GM has introduced products that customers around the world love. We are aggressively addressing the issues that hold us back. We have maintained
our fortress balance sheet and improved our financial flexibility. And we have planted the seeds of growth in every region of the world.
A YEAR OF SIGNIFICANT PROGRESS
From a financial standpoint, 2012 was another solid year for General Motors. Four of our five business units were profitable and we earned net income attributable to common stockholders of $4.9 billion.
Those of you who have been invested in GM know that we track our operating performance using EBIT- adjusted, which is earnings before interest expense and taxes, adjusted for special items. On this basis, GM earned $7.9 billion.
This is down about $400 million from a year ago, due primarily to a larger loss in Europe. North America’s results tracked very close to 2011. Earnings in South America and International Operations were up year over year. GM Financial had record income before tax.
Cash generation was solid. Our automotive revenue in 2012 was $150 billion, our dealers delivered 9.3 million vehicles and we generated $9.6 billion in automotive net cash provided by operating activities. Adjusted automotive free cash flow was up meaningfully from 2011, reaching $4.3 billion.
We ended 2012 with total liquidity of $37.2 billion, including $26.1 billion of cash and marketable securities.
General Motors Company 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
DRAFT
  
                TheseandotherfavorabletrendspromptedCanada’s DBRS and Fitch Ratings to upgrade GM’s corporate credit rating. DBRS now rates GM as investment grade and all three major U.S. ratings agencies have us rated one notch below investment grade. Our target is to achieve investment grade across-the- board as soon as possible and improve from there.
CREATING A SUSTAINABLE COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
GM’s much improved financial structure and our $23.2 billion in EBIT-adjusted since the beginning of 2010 are allowing us to reinvest in the business at a consistently high level, despite the fact that most European economies are in distress and U.S. sales remained below pre-recession levels in 2012.
Our capital expenditures increased from $6.2 billion in 2011 to $8.1 billion in 2012, and I expect capital spending will stay at about this level in coming years. We can do this because of our low break-even point in North America, the global geographic diversity of our earnings and our fortress balance sheet.
Our operating results and financial discipline also made it possible to execute a number of transactions that will improve our competitive position and reduce risk going forward.
• Through GM Financial, we are acquiring Ally Financial’s International Operations in Europe
and Latin America, and Ally’s share of its China joint venture. With the Ally acquisitions and GM Financial’s other new business initiatives, we
will be able to provide financing in markets that represent 80 percent of our sales volume. We
will also be able to meet demand in strategic and underserved markets – all with very good risk- adjusted returns and a smaller balance sheet than other captive automotive finance companies.
• To ensure GM has state-of-the-art information technology (IT), we are consolidating 23 mostly leased and shared data centers around the
world into two fully redundant, company-owned facilities. The next step is to transform IT into a competitive advantage, so we are creating four innovation centers to develop proprietary business application software. Together, these moves will give us the most robust applications, and the most accurate, timely and secure data.
• Inaparticularlyinnovativesetoftransactions,we reduced our U.S. salaried pension obligations by $28 billion. By offering retirees a lump sum buy-out or an insurance company-backed annuity, we were able to reduce a form of leverage, reduce claims
on our future cash flow and actually enhance the income security of our salaried retirees.
• Late in the year, we strengthened our fortress balance sheet by replacing our existing $5 billion revolving line of credit with two new credit facilities totaling $11 billion. This additional liquidity is appropriate for a company of our size. But what made it a landmark deal was the fact that we earned investment-grade pricing and investment-grade terms and conditions – a clear vote of confidence in the financial strength of General Motors.
FIXING GM EUROPE
One of the urgent issues we
are addressing is the economic crisis in Europe, which led to increased losses in the region. I’m encouraged that after several years of restructuring, which intensified in 2012, we are now seeing green shoots. Indeed, our objective is to achieve break-even EBIT-adjusted results by mid-decade.
The foundation of our Europe revitalization plan is to grow Chevrolet and underpin Opel/ Vauxhall’s great new products with a competitive cost structure and the right “go to market” strategy.
Significant progress has been made on all of these fronts:
• We continue to rationalize capacity and pursue productivity gains. We announced the sale of our transmission operations in Strasbourg, France, and confirmed that car production will cease at our plant in Bochum, Germany.
• We significantly strengthened our leadership team in Europe, most notably with the appointment of Dr. Karl-Thomas Neumann, a veteran Volkswagen executive, as chairman of the Opel management board and president of GM Europe. Dr. Neumann started work on March 1, 2013.
   Reduced U.S. salaried pension liability
$28B
 Capital expenditures
2011   $6.2B
2012   $8.1B
 General Motors Company 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
5

Sales increase in China 2012 over 2011
 11.3%
 6
                “GM’s greatest strengths today are our market-leading positions in the United States and China, the world’s
two largest markets.”
 As we reduce our fixed and variable costs in Europe, we’ll continue to play offense with no less than 23 new Opel/Vauxhall vehicles and 13 new powertrains coming between 2012 and 2016.
The first two of these products, the Mokka and ADAM, are in segments where we didn’t compete before, and they look like hits. By early 2013, we had
90,000 customer and dealer orders for the Mokka and 30,000 for the ADAM.
One of the boldest decisions
we made in 2012 was to strike a broad-based alliance with Peugeot S.A. (PSA), Europe’s second- largest automaker by volume.
The PSA alliance helps us on both strategic and tactical fronts:
• Weexpecttoseelowermaterialcoststhroughour new purchasing alliance, which covers commodities, components and other goods and services.
• Our logistics costs per vehicle should start to decline now that we are working with Gefco, the leading logistics provider in Europe and a former PSA subsidiary.
• During the medium- to long-term, we expect to accrue even greater synergies by jointly developing several B- and C-segment products from shared architectures.
All of this activity is designed to put Opel/Vauxhall back on a growth trajectory. Although the political, economic and competitive landscape remains volatile, we are making progress on the things we can control. Our drive for results is intense and we will adjust to any reality.
PROFITABLE GROWTH AROUND THE WORLD
GM’s greatest strengths today are our market- leading positions in the United States and China, the world’s two largest markets.
In China, GM and our joint venture partners sold a record 2.8 million vehicles in 2012. Sales increased 11.3 percent from 2011 and we gained a full point of market share versus 2011.
Our two largest brands, Buick and Wuling, set all-time sales records. Chevrolet also set a record for domestic sales on the strength of products like the Cruze, Sail and new Malibu. Cadillac posted modest growth and our new Baojun brand had sales of more than 84,000 units in its first full year in the marketplace.
By 2020, the market in China could reach 30 million units annually, up from about 19 million in 2011, so we are continuing to invest aggressively in all facets of our business:
• Weplantointroducemorethan10neworupgraded products in China on average each year through 2016.
• Shanghai GM opened a new plant in Yantai, Shandong, and broke ground for its fourth manufacturing base in Wuhan, Hubei.
• SAIC-GM-Wuling opened a new passenger car production facility near its headquarters in Liuzhou, Guangxi, and announced plans to build a third production base in Chongqing Municipality.
• GM’sPanAsiaTechnicalAutomotiveCenter(PATAC) joint venture opened a climatic wind tunnel in Shanghai, and together with PATAC, SAIC and Shanghai GM, we opened the largest automotive proving ground in the country in Guangde, Anhui.
 General Motors Company 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
 
                • Export sales from China reached 76,000 units in 2012 and are expected to reach 100,000 units in 2013.
• We now have more than 4,200 dealerships in China and are expanding in the country’s growing central and western cities.
Growing Cadillac sales in China is a priority. With a refreshed version of the top-selling Cadillac SRX crossover and local production of the Cadillac XTS sedan, which began in early 2013, along with future products, we will build critical mass. Our goal is to triple sales to 100,000 units within two years.
In the United States, we sold 2.6 million vehicles, up 4 percent compared with 2011, although market share declined 1.6 points to 17.5 percent. The share decline is due in large part to the recovery of the Japanese automakers after the Fukushima earthquake and tsunami, and the relative age of our product portfolio.
Against this backdrop, however, we created significant value for both GM and our customers.
• Thanks to continuous improvement in our product offerings, GM’s sales incentives, which used to be the highest in the industry, are now competitive and consistently about the industry average
as a percentage of average transaction prices, according to J.D. Power PIN data.
• GM now commands the highest, or among the highest, prices in key segments, including small, mid-size and compact cars, compact and medium crossovers and large SUVs, also according to J.D. Power.
• The combination of more desirable vehicles, disciplined incentives and our balanced approach to fleet sales has helped drive significant increases in the resale value of our U.S. products.
The net result is that our EBIT-adjusted margins in North America have averaged 7.4 percent over the last three calendar years, despite having a relatively older product line-up due to depressed capital spending in 2008 and 2009.
General Motors Company 2012 ANNUAL REPORT 7
 The Cadillac ELR marks a pivotal moment in the brand’s history – a sleek luxury coupe that features the first application of Extended Range Electric Vehicle technology by a full-line luxury automotive brand.
 
 From hood to hitch, the all-new Chevrolet Silverado 1500 full-size pickup is engineered to be the strongest, smartest and most capable Silverado ever.
                 8 General Motors Company 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
 
                Our market discipline sets us up very well for an aggressive wave of new product launches. During the course of 2012 and 2013, 70 percent of our U.S. nameplates will be redesigned or all new, including:
• A stunning new Chevrolet Corvette Stingray, which was voted “Best in Show” at the 2013 North American International Auto Show in Detroit by the editors of AutoWeek magazine.
• The Cadillac ATS luxury sedan, which was named 2013 North American Car of the Year by a distinguished panel of journalists – the first time a Cadillac has won.
• The new Buick Verano and Encore, which are entering new segments for GM, will continue the revitalization of the brand. Buick has now delivered three consecutive years of higher retail sales.
Our most important launch in 2013 will be our completely redesigned Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra full-size pickups, which are cornerstones of our sales, market share and profitability in North America.
Every element of these vehicles has been improved, including durability, capability, fuel economy and refinement. Both competitive-make drivers and our 13-million strong owner base will find our new trucks very appealing.
With so many new products in our portfolio, we expect a modest increase in U.S. market share in 2013, and an even brighter future. By 2014, we expect to have one of the newest showrooms in the industry.
New products and plant investments are also driving our business in South America. In 2012, GM South America earned EBIT-adjusted of $271 million, an almost $400 million improvement over 2011.
The long list of projects we have planned includes
a $450 million investment in our Rosario plant in Argentina. In Brazil, they include a new engine plant in Joinville, the expansion of our Gravatai assembly plant, extensive upgrades to our Sao Cetano do Sul plant and much more.
All of this work has been done to prepare for an unprecedented wave of new Chevrolets, including the new Cobalt, Cruze, S10, Sonic, Spin, Trailblazer and the all-new Onix.
The Chevrolet Onix is an exemplar. It was envisioned as a car for the growing middle class in emerging markets, and early feedback from our dealers and media suggests we have struck exactly the right balance of affordability, functionality and design.
The Brazilian Automotive Media Association named the Onix its “Car of the Year,” and it could account for as much as 25 percent of Chevrolet sales in Brazil.
Chevrolet’s success in growth markets, including Russia, where the brand has been the best-selling non-domestic nameplate for six consecutive years, helped lead to record global sales
in 2011 and 2012, and a striking shift in the brand’s footprint. Ten years ago, more than 70 percent of Chevrolets were sold INSIDE the United States.
Today, more than 60 percent of Chevrolets are sold OUTSIDE the United States and it now is the world’s fastest-growing major automotive brand.
BUILDING THE MOST ROBUST BUSINESS MODEL
Today’s GM leadership team
is attacking issues that once seemed intractable, including our pension obligations and European losses. We have also re-established GM as a leader
in automotive design and technology with vehicles such as the Chevrolet Volt, Opel Mokka, Cadillac ATS and ELR, and more. But we have more work to do to further improve our results and build the most robust business model possible.
In last year’s letter, I described how our product development team is working to reduce complexity and better leverage our scale by reducing the number of vehicle and powertrain architectures that underpin our products.
 2013 J.D. Power Vehicle Dependability Study
MODELS 11GM
RANKED TOP 3 IN THEIR SEGMENT
  MORE THAN 60%
of Chevrolets are sold outside the United States
  General Motors Company 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
9

 10
                “We are designing products to win
in the marketplace, not just compete,
and we’re aggressively pursuing growth opportunities around the world.”
That work continues, and it has been complemented by changes to our design and engineering organization that have flattened the structure and created more accountability for product execution, profitability and customer satisfaction.
We’re also providing our product teams with much more detailed and insightful financial analysis. Over time, we will be able to track the profitability of vehicles we build down to the serial number, which will help us prioritize capital allocations and other investment decisions.
Ultimately, these insights will help us become far more strategic about product development, component sourcing and manufacturing decisions, which in turn will help us drive down costs.
Product quality and long-term durability are two other areas that demand our unrelenting attention, even though we are doing well on key measures.
For example, we earned our best-ever results in J.D. Power and Associates’ 2012 Initial Quality Study. In addition, 11 GM models were ranked in the top three of their segments in the 2013 J.D. Power Vehicle Dependability Study, which tracks the performance of three-year-old vehicles. Chevrolet and GMC swept the large pickup segment. This is all good. But it’s not enough.
Internal and external studies prove that long-term durability is hardwired to customer retention rates, and retention drives profitability. For example, we conservatively estimate a one percentage point improvement in GM loyalty rates in the
United States would deliver about $700 million in incremental revenue. To capture this revenue, our teams are working hard to further improve customer satisfaction and quality.
Of course, none of the issues I have outlined are new challenges. But they are controllable, and every dollar of incremental revenue or avoided cost brings us closer to our objective of becoming the world’s most valuable automotive company. All of it is achievable.
BECOMING THE WORLD’S MOST VALUABLE AUTOMOTIVE COMPANY
In closing, I want to share my perspective on the U.S. government’s gradual sell-down of its ownership stake in GM, which was announced at the end of 2012. It echoes a message I shared with the GM team on the day we announced our plan to return more than $5 billion in capital to the U.S. Treasury by repurchasing 200 million shares of common stock.
It has never been far from my mind that U.S. and Canadian taxpayers rightfully expected us to change the way we do business in exchange for a second chance. That is exactly what we are doing.
Today’s GM has changed in profound ways:
• Wearetransformingourfinancialsystemsand strengthening our risk management function processes while simultaneously reducing our pension obligations and closing competitive gaps.
 General Motors Company 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
 
                • To enhance our competitiveness, we are restoring information technology as a core competency.
• Wearedesigningproductstowininthemarketplace, not just compete, and we’re aggressively pursuing growth opportunities around the world.
• We are building stronger relationships with our suppliers, dealers, employees, unions and the communities where we do business.
• Bykeepingourdebtandbreak-evenpointlow,we are able to reinvest about $8 billion in capital in the business every year regardless of the economic cycle.
More than anything else, we now put customers at the center of every decision, because we know that the only way to stay in business for generations to come is to earn their loyalty.
All of the traits I described are hallmarks of great companies and prerequisites for GM to achieve our overarching goal: to become the world’s most valuable automotive company.
I’ve challenged the GM team to make this our legacy, which is the best way I can think of to justify the extraordinary assistance taxpayers gave us and thank them for standing by us in what was our darkest hour.
We’re well on our way. Sincerely,
Daniel F. Akerson
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
April 25, 2013
 General Motors Company 2012 ANNUAL REPORT 11
 Buick Encore, the brand’s stylish, highly fuel-efficient entry into the small crossover segment, entered dealer showrooms in January 2013 – helping to continue the momentum from Buick’s most successful retail sales performance in six years.
 