2 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We are pleased to report that 2014 proved to be another successful year of transformation for GameStop as we delivered on our promise of making the most popular technologies affordable and simple. The continued growth and solid results we achieved can be attributed to our incredibly talented people around the world. The relentless efforts of our family of GameStop, EB Games, Micromania, Spring Mobile, Simply Mac, Kongregate and Game Informer associates helped us deliver against our strategic objectives: maximize our leadership position in the global video game category to drive topline and net income growth; expand our presence in the mobile and consumer electronics businesses through continued growth of our Technology Brands; increase shareholder return; and grow our company's terminal value through continued diversification. Once again, we captured the No. 1 global retail position and leading market share in the sales of next-generation video game consoles and new video game titles introduced throughout the year. Our teams around the world continued to provide our 40 million global PowerUp Rewards members access to unique promotional and trade-in programs, exclusive offers and midnight launch events that proved impactful in helping us drive our market share growth. Our teams also continued to drive the growth of our digital business by maximizing our brick and mortar stores to sell digital full-game downloads, downloadable content, PC downloads and PlayStation Network, Xbox Live, and Steam Wallet cards. We expanded our pre-owned business by offering customers a broader assortment of value products. Additionally, we enhanced our trade-in program by introducing a simplified pricing structure. Collectively, these changes helped lead to a 2.6% growth in our pre-owned business versus 2013. The rapid expansion of our Technology Brands continued in 2014. In its second year as a GameStop business, this segment exceeded our expectations by delivering 5% of our overall operating profit. By applying our transferable competencies to our growing AT&T wireless and Apple retail business, we grew our retail footprints to include 361 Spring Mobile, 60 Simply Mac and 63 Cricket Wireless stores located throughout the U.S., with continued plans to expand in this space.

We are excited about the future of GameStop and are committed to evolving from a pure video game retailer to a family of specialty retail brands that operates globally in new and exciting spaces.

3 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

We continued to show the true giving spirit of GameStop by giving back in the communities in which we live, work and play. Collectively, our teams contributed to those in need both monetarily and by volunteering in national and local activities supporting our partnerships with Make-A-Wish Foundation, the Ronald McDonald House and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. We also took care of our own GameStop family by increasing the amount of contributions received and grants awarded through our Gamer Fund employee assistance program. Looking ahead, we will continue leveraging our core competencies to drive sustainable growth while meeting the changing needs of our customers. At the center of this will be our

focus on embracing and driving a high rate of change, maximizing our core video game business, increasing the financial contributions of our Technology Brands to GameStop's overall profitability and adhering to our disciplined approach to capital allocation to continue rewarding our shareholders. We are excited about the future of GameStop and are committed to evolving from a pure video game retailer to a family of specialty retail brands that operates globally in new spaces. On behalf of our board, executive leadership team and 40,000 team members worldwide, we thank you for your continued support of GameStop and the future we are building for all of us.

Daniel A. DeMatteo Executive Chairman

J. Paul Raines Chief Executive Officer

