 powerfulperformance andresults
LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO TO GAMESTOP STOCKHOLDERS
2007 was a transformative year for video gaming, and GameStop took full advantage of the emerging opportunities to accelerate our growth in this rapidly growing industry. As a result, GameStop had one of our best years ever!
Our overall financial performance, comparable store growth, and worldwide expansion have solidified GameStop as the world’s largest video game and entertainment retailer.

 HIGHLIGHTS:
• Superior Sales Growth. Sales grew to $7.1 billion, an increase of 33% over our strong 2006 numbers. A highlight for the year was achieving the biggest holiday season we have ever had with sales over $2.3 billion.
• Exceptional Net Income Growth. Net earnings climbed to $288.3 million, which was an 82% increase over last year.
• Strong Balance Sheet. In addition to funding our aggressive store growth and continuing to refine our infrastructure, we paid down our debt by $282 million, and still ended the year with a cash balance of $857 million. In addition, in February of 2008, the Board approved an additional $130 million to accelerate debt repurchases. Of the original $950 million debt obligation we took on to complete the merger with EB Games in October of 2005, we anticipate having only $450 million outstanding by the end of this year.
• Strategic Stock Split. On March 16, 2007, we completed a 2:1 stock split, increasing the number of outstanding shares and allowing more potential shareholders to invest in GameStop.
• Outstanding Stock Appreciation. Our stock price grew 125% in 2007, earning us the eighth position on Fortune’s Top 20 Performing Stocks of 2007.
• Aggressive Worldwide Growth. In 2007, we added 586 new stores and ended the year with 5,264 stores in 16 countries. Both the performance and return on investment of new stores set records last year. A productive business model giving us very fast cash-on-cash returns, coupled with a very low risk-to-reward site selection strategy and an experienced real estate team, make a compelling case for GameStop to stay on our aggressive worldwide growth course.
• Recognized Performance. In April 2007, we were recognized as the 426th largest publicly traded company in America by Fortune magazine and then in December, GameStop was added to the Standard and Poor’s 500 Stock Index. Considering that we only became public in 2002, we are justifiably proud of the explosive growth achieved in such a short period of time. I take particular pride in the many GameStop leaders who have helped us reach this milestone.
In February 2008, the Wall Street Journal analyzed 1,000 U.S. companies spanning 75 industry groups to assess those generating superior and consistent returns for shareholders. GameStop was ranked as the top performing specialty retailer, the 22nd best performer overall in 2007 and the 13th best performer over the past three-year period.
WHAT’S AHEAD
IN 2008?
With the video game business continuing to grow and the installed base of console users at an all-time high, GameStop is very bullish on our overall potential both domestically and internationally. The following are some of the reasons for that outlook:
A Great Lineup of Titles. The new video game titles scheduled to be released in 2008 may be among the strongest, most diverse ever. We are looking forward to blockbuster titles spanning all genres, including Nintendo’s Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Take-Two’s Grand Theft Auto IV, Electronic Arts’ Madden NFL 2009, Nintendo’s Wii Fit, Microsoft’s Gears of War 2 and Konami’s Metal Gear Solid 4 which are sure to be at the top of many gamers’ wish lists in 2008.

 575-600 New Stores. There continues to be innumerable markets worldwide still not fully served by a GameStop store; therefore we intend to open between 575 and 600 stores in 2008 with almost half of this total coming from our international operations.
While there are many reasons for believing that we have huge growth potential outside the U.S., two stand out: First, our unique business model is valued regardless of country or culture. Customers the world over appreciate a better deal. Secondly, the console installed base is growing everywhere we do business.
An Increased Emphasis on Value. The benefits to the GameStop customer of being able to trade used product for new essentially creates a currency that makes new games a great buy. There is no question that our value proposition will play particularly well in a cautious economy.
Hardware Price Reductions. We are looking for selected price reductions on video game systems throughout the year which will draw even more players to gaming and increase the important installed base of users.
An Expanding Refurbishment Center. Last year GameStop refurbished over 10 million software units and 1 million pieces of hardware. Product that was scratched, marred and in many cases unplayable, was repaired and put back in circulation. In 2008 we will ramp up our worldwide refurbishment campaigns adding even more value to our offerings.
Improved Operations. In 2008, we will make significant capital investments in remodeling many of our older stores. We are upgrading our point of sale systems, and will be more frequently updating our store presentation to remain consistent with emerging categories, platforms, and titles.
A Stronger Brand. GameStop has grown so fast that “what we are” may not have caught up with “where we are.” In truth, we have never really spent much time formally building our brand. In 2008, we will be much more aggressive communicating, “GameStop: Power To The Players” to a rapidly growing and more diverse group of customers.
THE VIDEO GAME TRANSFORMATION
In 2007, the business reached a transformative stage that has, and will continue to transcend traditional forecasting. Our plans are driven by a belief that the video game business has broken through to a status beyond “the core” and is attracting a broader demographic than ever before. It is an entertainment category with multiple platforms, a growing range of titles and innumerable add- ons that favor the knowledge of the ‘mass specialist.’ It is a worldwide growth category that will, increasingly, benefit from applications that redefine the very name of the category: video games.
The following are a few of the major changes that we believe will drive the market well into the future and will have a profound impact on the traditional model of “the cycle.”
Innovative Technology. The innovation sales driver of 2007 was and will continue to be the Nintendo Wii and its revolutionary controller. Nintendo has simplified gaming and introduced active interaction into the experience.
The “Wii effect” will continue into the future, with the Wii Fit exercise and balance platform releasing in May of 2008.
Emerging Genres. The video game business has become so large and diversified that it is attracting the best of creative talent producing software that creates new markets. Guitar Hero, Rock Band, and SingStar are but three titles that were in such broad market demand that the question could well be asked, “Are we fully capturing

 the essence of the business under the heading of video games?” More products that are, strictly speaking, not games are adopting game technology to broaden the market as never before.
Expanding Demographics. In 2007, we experienced two exciting and significant demographic trends that will dramatically broaden the base of game players into the future: more girls and women are now playing video games, with industry figures showing that 38% of game players are female and gaming is becoming a family activity. In fact, the fastest growth category in 2007 was FAMILY ENTERTAINMENT, which grew an amazing 141%.
Platform Proliferation. Never before have there been as many viable hardware choices – each with an expanding number of software and accessory options. It is not just the Xbox 360, but the pro or elite unit? The PS3 – the 40 gig or 80 gig model? The Wii – do you need the remote, the Nunchuck, the Zapper? Which portable should I buy, the Nintendo DS or the Sony PSP? Even after 8 years in the market, the still very hot PS2 – would you like that in silver or black, wireless or tethered controller? More products with more purchasing decisions need better informed sales people--GameStop associates.
Converging trends. The game experience has become richer than ever – not only because the power of the new machines are in the class of “supercomputers”, but due to the games increased visual “wow factor” when combined with an HD television monitor. In addition, online time cards and/or points cards are among our add-on best sellers, as online game play and massive multiplayer gaming is emerging at a level never formerly anticipated.
THE FUTURE
Science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke once observed, “If we have learned one thing from the history of invention and discovery, it is that, in the long run (and often in the short one) the most daring prophecies seem laughably conservative.” When GameStop was formed 11 years ago, there were those that prophesized a market too narrow and too limited to be successful in the long run. We didn’t see the future through that lens. While we certainly could not have forecast the amazing growth, the huge R&D investments, and the cultural influence of video gaming, we were sure that by combining constantly evolving technology with creativity, video gaming was way beyond a trend and would become the most dynamic of all the entertainment options. And there is more to come—much more.
GameStop is at the forefront of a market that is growing in all directions and we have been instrumental in moving video games into the mainstream.
The combination of demographic reach, our unique business model, stores in a wide range of locations (malls, strip centers, inner cities, suburbs, metro markets, and primary, secondary, and tertiary population centers) and amazing products that are appealing to an ever larger spectrum of players, adds up to a business well positioned to continue to grow, gain market share and produce results. That is GameStop.
Thank you again for your support of GameStop and your belief in the value and future of our business.
R. Richard Fontaine
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 