 Letter to the shareholders:
Fiscal 2006
financial results underscore the strength of our business model and represent what
was another
spectacular demonstration of effort on behalf of our dedicated employees. Our
landmark year
with over $5.3 billion in sales and solid market share growth, provides a strong platform
for GameStop
to take full advantage of the exceptional opportunities in this fast-growing industry.
 
2006 was such a successful year for GameStop that we need multiple headlines to communicate our performance: Sales Exceeded $5 Billion and Grew by 72%, Net Earnings Increased by 57%, and Comparable Store Sales Growth Up 11.9%.
Sales rose on the strength of new video game software and next- generation hardware consoles, and continued growth in the used category. Net earnings for the year increased to $158.3 million, including $4.3 million of merger-related expenses and $3.8 million of debt retirement costs. In addition, our diluted earnings per share were $1.00, which includes $0.05 per share of merger- related expenses and debt-retirement costs.
Last year we retired $122 million of debt, including $100 million of notes related to the buyback initiative that we announced
in May of 2006. In February of 2007, the Board approved an additional $150 million for note repurchases. To date, we have repurchased and retired an additional $106 million in debt under this program.
On February 7, 2007, the Class B shareholders approved the plan to convert the Class B shares to Class A shares on a one-for-one basis, while on February 9, 2007, the Board of Directors, in order to make our stock more attractive to a wider range of investors,
testament to the talent of our management team, but, through a “Better Together” focus, resulted in best practices being applied across all stores and in a stronger GameStop better able to serve our customers.
THE GAMESTOP BUSINESS MODEL
What really makes GameStop unique is not only that we have combined new and used product into a unified business model, but that we have refined the concept to drive incremental new sales, while also generating great value at lower price points on used product.
The used business is a complex proposition. It is a “big thing” that has been built by incorporating many “little things” through the experience we have gained through over 10 years of refining the model. We have built custom systems, created unique operating metrics, trained our personnel to make the appropriate decisions on used product and constructed a first class refurbishing center that recycles damaged product for resale. Being successful in the used business means being even more successful in driving new title sales, while at the same time giving our customers a better deal.
 The breakthrough Wii remote is putting “physical” into game play, while making the experience less complex and more fun.
 authorized a two-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend. GameStop’s stock price increased by 73% over the course of the calendar year and closed at a split-adjusted price of $27.55. Since year end with the combining of the A & B shares and the stock split, the stock price has increased by just over 24% to $34.27 as of May 15, 2007.
In 2006 we opened 421 stores worldwide, with total capital expenditures of $134 million, paid down $122 million in debt, and still ended the year with a strong balance sheet and over $650 million in cash.
GameStop’s 2006 performance is a reflection not only of the success of our business model, but points to the increasing importance of over 22,000 associates who know games, love gaming, and every day serve our customers with a special passion for the category.
A SUCCESSFUL MERGER
In October of 2005, we closed on a merger of the two leading video game specialists in the industry: GameStop and EB Games. In 2006, we successfully achieved the worldwide integration
of 2,351 EB stores with 2,026 GameStop stores. The significant synergies we envisioned were delivered on time and exceeded our original forecasts. This massive undertaking is not only a
THE CYCLE
There is no question in our mind that this group of emerging consoles will create a completely new cycle: one that is deeper, wider and longer than any before it.
From the power of emerging technology, where the Xbox 360 and the PS3 systems deliver “teraflop” measured processing power, to the impact of innovation with Nintendo’s Wii using gyroscopic controllers, video gaming has entered an amazing new cycle of expansive potential. Furthermore, we are experiencing the benefits of merging technologies: plug in the 360 or PS3 to a High Definition television and the gaming impact is further energized; play DS Lite games with a friend through the built in Wi-Fi connections, and a solo game becomes a shared experience; hold a rock party with Guitar Hero, and instantly the definition of a video game takes on a more expansive meaning.
Unique concepts, better graphics, better sound, better connectivity – better everything is not too bold a statement for the new generation of video game product.
Not only is the technology more powerful, it is more innovating and engaging. The breakthrough Wii remote is putting “physical” into game play, while making the experience less complex and more fun. With new innovative game experiences hitting the
 
market like Guitar Hero, Dance Dance Revolution and Cooking Mama, video gaming is redefining itself and creating a new customer base.
While we are at the beginning of a cycle, it is a cycle with more powerful characteristics than ever before. It is really a cycle within a cycle.
For the first time ever, we have a vibrant seven-year-old system with the PS2, as it continues to generate both hardware and software sales consistently near the top of our bestseller
lists. With seven viable hardware systems: four consoles (PS2, PS3, Xbox 360 and Wii), two handheld units (DS Lite and PSP), along with the PC, we have exceptional fuel for sales growth. Furthermore, the original Xbox, GameBoy and GameCube, all represent platforms that are still very much alive in the used market. They continue to deliver engaging entertainment at lower price points, and, in many instances, GameStop is the only retailer still stocking titles for these older systems.
Incoming or outgoing, GameStop is well positioned to serve core, casual and new gamers with multiple platforms at multiple price points. With more purchasing options, the growing diversity of the market fits GameStop perfectly. Not only do we have more
What about digital downloading?
We don’t see digital downloading as a threat to our business; in fact, we see it as an incremental factor in making video gaming even more compelling.
Publishers are currently experimenting with micro transactions generally paid for with “points,” often from point cards that we sell in our stores. Full game downloads, while not impossible,
are generally impractical from a time standpoint, cumbersome from a portability view and risky from a piracy perspective. The data file sizes of next generation video games are becoming exponentially larger. It is forecast that we will soon see game files as large as 25 gigabytes of memory; the larger the file the more difficult to efficiently download. To put this into perspective, Sony’s Resistance: Fall of Man takes over 17 gigabytes of space on a Blu-ray disc, while the average music CD is 60 megabytes and a DVD movie is about 1 gigabyte in size.
Will the used business continue to grow?
Yes. We expect the used business to grow in parallel with the healthy growth currently forecast for new software over the next few years. As our customers trade in product that becomes currency for the purchase of new games, the GameStop trade
 video game product than any other retailer, but every store is staffed by “gamers” who have the experience and information needed to help our customers make the right buying decisions. When the choice comes down to Xbox 360 or PS3; a Wii or a PS2; a DS Lite or a PSP, our associates can help. When the questions are, “Do we need an extra controller?” “Will I need more memory?” or “Will the new hardware play my old games?,” our “gamers” have the answers.
WHAT DOES THE FUTURE HOLD
As we meet with investors, there are a few recurring questions that almost always are part of the conversation:
Can you continue your aggressive store growth?
In 2007 we will open between 500 and 550 new stores worldwide. We believe that growth level will continue for
the foreseeable future for many reasons, but primarily three. First, we are growing into an already expanding market for
video games with more consoles, more innovation and more customers. Second, we engaged an independent demographic firm to forecast the number of additional strip stores that the U.S. market could support. They found that there was ample room
for continued expansion in the U.S. at roughly our current yearly growth rate for at least the next five years. Third, we are now doing business in 16 countries, and believe there are growth opportunities in every one of them.
model drives incremental new title purchases, while at the same time builds our inventory of older product for a more budget oriented customer. With seven active systems, including the original Xbox, the most active of our trailing platforms, this is an outstanding growth period for both new and used product.
2006 was another exceptional year for GameStop. What is even more positive is that we are even better positioned for 2007 and beyond. We have more stores serving more markets than ever before to fully take advantage of the powerful sales trends in the business. With innovative consoles, more advanced technology, increasing creativity from the software developers and a broadening of the demographic for video games, GameStop is poised to maximize all the opportunities for growth.
Thank you for your continued support. We are looking forward to another outstanding year.
R. Richard Fontaine
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
  