  Letter to the Shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
2003 was another successful year for GameStop. We were profitable every quarter, gained market share every quarter, and have positioned our company to better take advantage of the expanding opportunities presented by the GameStop business model.
Last year, GameStop achieved record sales, record profits, and record earnings per share. We finished the year with $1,578 million in sales, an increase of $226 million; our operating income at $104 million was $17 million higher, and our operating margin increased to a record 6.8%. In addition, we generated $70 million in operating cash flows, invested $63 million in capital expen- ditures and finished the year with no debt on our balance sheet.
I am particularly happy with our 6.8% operating margin. Even with a sizable investment in new store growth and infrastructure, our operating margin is by far the best of any specialty store competitor in our business, and is a reflection of the continued efforts to refine our operations for improved efficiency.
During 2003, we opened 300 new stores compared with 210 in 2003. In addition, we continued
to make significant investments in our infrastructure to insure that with accelerated growth we
will still remain responsive to our customers, while keeping our business in control and running efficiently. We are so confident in the future growth of this business that we are forecasting that we will open between 300 and 330 stores in 2004.
In a year in which the economy was brittle and job creation was difficult at the macro level, GameStop created over 2,000 new positions and employed over 12,000 “gamers” throughout the country.
During the year, we have virtually completed the national rebranding of our stores under the GameStop name, enhancing our abil- ity to more actively and efficiently market ourselves to the growing and diverse customer base for video game products.
Both of our two non-retail divisions, GameStop.com and Game Informer Magazine, had outstanding years. Both are rapidly grow- ing, both are profitable and have exciting futures.
GameStop.com has continued to aggressively improve our online offers, and late last year began a partnership with Amazon.com to be their exclusive video game specialist. As we add additional features on their site, we expect even more robust growth during the coming year.
Game Informer has been the fastest growing consumer magazine for the past two years, and is the 56th largest circulation con- sumer magazine in the country. Game Informer’s growth has been nothing less than phenomenal.
We firmly believe that the video game business will continue to attract an ever-widening customer base as the creativity of the software writers, combined with improving technology, will deliver a superior entertainment experience.
Our goal is not only to keep up with the changes in the business, but to move ahead of the demand and create new business from new users. Our successful new store growth is proof that there are many untapped markets for GameStop, and we are better at
identifying locations and negotiating favorable leases.
We are proud of our accomplishments, confident in our future and excited about the many opportunities for all our associates who have helped GameStop grow to become a nationally recognized brand in the video entertainment field.
Now let me move to address the three questions that most frequently are part of our discussions with investors:
1. Is this a good time to invest in GameStop? Where are we in the product “cycle”?
Yes, I believe this is a great time to invest in our company. Not only are we a solid performer, well positioned in the competitive marketplace, but our unique business model of new and used
         Madden NFL 2004 - PlayStation 2

  video game products gives us a superior position in attracting both avid gamers and the more occasional, value shoppers. We serve both the mall customer, with 518 stores in most of the best projects in the country, and have 1,085 strip center stores serving both neighborhood and “big-box” anchored centers.
The history of the video game business has been defined by a perception that we are cyclically tied to the introduction, growth, and waning of the last major hardware unit in the marketplace. Years ago that was true, but not in today’s far larger, more diversified and innovative video game market. It is too often assumed that any “cycle” is measured only by the number of hardware units sold per year by the dominant hardware in the market. While this is a useful barometer
of growth, the more important number is the cumulative number of total hardware units in the marketplace.
Frequently when asked about “the cycle”, we ask – Which cycle? If we are only talking about Sony’s PlayStation 2, Microsoft’s Xbox and Nintendo’s GameCube (the major cycle drivers), there is a pattern of growth and inevitable decline ahead of the next genera- tion technology. However, when you consider the introduction and sales growth of the “added cycles” from Nintendo’s introduction of the GameBoy Advance, the GameBoy Advance SP, and likely this year and/or early next year, Nintendo’s Dual Screen Portable (DS) and Sony’s first move into the portable market, PSP, it puts into perspective that there are cycles within cycles, all cumulatively driving the growth of our business. Furthermore, an important part of our business is buying and selling used video game products where older platforms still do very well for us. Indeed, we could put onto the cycle map Sony’s PlayStation, Nintendo’s N64, and the original Nintendo GameBoy, all of which are still selling in our stores. Those are a group of great cycles!
2. Isn’t the slowing growth rate of the video game market a concern?
It is not slowing for GameStop. The total market for video game products has grown from $6.6 billion in 2000 to $10.0 billion in 2003, and is forecasted to grow to $10.5 billion in 2004. While the percentage growth rate has declined, the cumulative size of the market is ever growing, and GameStop is increasing our share of that market. In fact, we have increased our market share every quarter for the last 24 quarters, and these figures do not include our used sales. We are excited about the future for video game growth and will continue to develop new approaches to increase GameStop’s total share of the business.
3. What about increasing competition?
It is true that virtually all of the retailers that have departments in the entertainment category have entered the video game business, and many have paid more attention to the potential of video game products. In addition, over the last two years, we have seen the movie specialists repositioning their businesses to do more with used video game products. Competition, often powerful competition, is
a fact of retail life. Our basic philosophy of retailing is that competition is ever present, and will likely grow. Consequently, we have never rested on our success, taken our increasing market share for granted, or believed that we couldn’t improve on our basic business model. I believe the proof is in our performance.
Our operating earnings, when compared to the only other national video game specialist, are far
superior; our new store growth has put us in proximity to the best of the “big-box retailers”, and we have found a way to thrive; and finally, we have no doubt that the new entrants into the used business will push us even faster into improving all areas of the used retailing model. We are continuing to customize our used systems technology, accelerate our operational efficiencies, and further fine-tune the buy/sell algorithms of this very unique business model.
In retail, we believe what we have earned is only a head start on our competitors. In order to stay ahead, we have to improve in all areas of our business. I believe we have, and will continue to do so.
  Thank you for your support of GameStop.
 R. Richard Fontaine Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
      Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker - GameCube
