2013 ANNUAL REPORT

P O W E R T O T H E P L AY E R S

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

What a year 2013 turned out to be! We entered the year with a laser focus on leveraging our leading market share to secure the dominant role in bringing innovation back to the gaming industry. As a result, we captured the No. 1 retail position in selling the next generation video game consoles and new video game titles introduced throughout the year.

Our success was driven by our ability to work closely with our vendor partners to secure strong allocation levels of the new consoles and video games for day one launch. We also offered customers around the world the opportunity to reserve and pay for their new consoles with the more than $1 billion of trade credits we provided through our video game and consumer electronics buy-sell-trade model.

We continued driving positive customer experiences in both our physical and virtual storefronts by delivering the highest service, greatest product knowledge and convenience for customers to purchase video game products. We provided free shipping for all web-in-store purchases, and our supply chain and logistics teams worked around the clock to make sure customers received their purchases on time.

Our multichannel business (mobile, web-in-store, pick-up@store, e-commerce) had a very positive impact on GameStop's overall business. More than 60% of customers visit GameStop via either our web or mobile sites prior to making a purchase inside our stores, and for every $1 of online sales, our web and mobile channels influence 10 times that amount in our stores.

We rewarded our 34 million global PowerUp RewardsTM members with many pre-owned promotional and trade programs, exclusive midnight launch deals, consumer electronics specials and great prizes to solidify our position as the destination for all things gaming. Our customer loyalty programs are now active in 10 countries, including Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Spain, Switzerland and the United States.

GameStop International performed well in 2013. Our continued investments in technology, customer loyalty and relationship management, e-commerce, as well as improved vendor collaboration and the international expansion of Game Informer magazine, helped deliver strong topline growth.

Our associates showed their true GameStop spirit by continuing to give back to the communities where we live, serve and play. We gave to those in need through our partnerships with Make-A-Wish ®, Ronald McDonald House Charities ® and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital ®. We also took care of our GameStop family through associate contributions to our Gamer FundTM employee assistance program.

Looking ahead to the next chapter of GameStop's growth, we have studied the ways in which technology products are distributed to consumers outside the gaming space and believe synergies exist with our model. We believe it is important to drive a high rate of internal change to adapt and meet the changing needs of our customers.

2

2013 ANNUAL REPORT

P O W E R T O T H E P L AY E R S

In 2013 we accomplished this by leveraging our core competencies: operating small box specialty retail stores, real estate expertise, talent acquisition, customer loyalty programs, buy-sell-trade, and financial discipline to pursue three business opportunities that provided GameStop entry into the $185 billion U.S. wireless and $208 billion global consumer electronics markets.

We acquired Spring Mobile, an authorized AT&T dealer of wireless services based in Salt Lake City and one of the nation's fastest growing operators with 164 stores in 13 states. We also entered into a strategic dealer agreement with Cricket ®Wireless, a subsidiary of AT&T that offers value-conscious consumers a first-class pre-paid wireless experience without annual contracts. We currently operate 31 Cricket Wireless stores in the Seattle, Cleveland, Los Angeles and Dallas markets. Finally, during 2013, we completed the acquisition of Simply Mac, the largest certified specialist of Apple's full line of products with 23 stores across the U.S.

Each of these businesses provides us with an opportunity to deliver sustainable revenue growth and gives our investors long-term earnings potential as we build out a portfolio of technology brands that can be incorporated into our core business.

While we grew the business through our global teams' strong execution, innovative marketing and by entering into new business opportunities, we still have a lot of work ahead of us. We are proud of the transformation we have undergone in recent years and are confident about the future of GameStop. We believe our company is evolving from a pure physical store footprint to a hybrid digital and physical retailer that operates globally in the gaming, electronics and technology space. We also believe that our high internal rate of change and disciplined approach to capital allocation will continue to reward our shareholders.

On behalf of our Board of Directors, executive leadership you for your dership team and more than 40,000 team members worldwide, we thank k yo continued support of GameStop and the exciting future uture we are building for all of us.

Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive e Chairman

J. Paul Raines
Chief Executive Officer

3

