Letter from the Chairman

GATX had an outstanding year in 2007, both from a financial and a strategic standpoint.
Income from continuing operations increased 14%, earnings per diluted share increased 21%, and return on equity exceeded 14%. We invested $641 million in our core markets -- railcars, locomotives, marine vessels and industrial equipment. We produced record remarketing income of more than $61 million. We returned capital to shareholders through a $300 million share repurchase, and recently announced an additional $200 million repurchase along with a13% increase in our quarterly dividend. After peaking at an all-time high of $52.53 in June 2007, our stock declined to $36.68 at year end. This resulted in a negative 13% return to shareholders in 2007 -- our first negative return in a number of years. This decline was due in large part to the expectations of certain investors regarding the near-term outlook for rail-related stocks such as GATX. One of our goals for 2008 is to convince investors that the volatility we experienced in previous downturns has been reduced. In fact, we believe we positioned GATX to take advantage of weaker market conditions. To achieve this goal, we completed a number of important strategic steps over the last few years. We sold our underperforming Air business and, in the process, removed significant volatility from our earnings stream. We increased our credit ratings two notches to BBB+/Baa1. We strengthened our ability to access attractively-priced capital. We optimized our rail portfolio by selling targeted rail assets into a strong market, thereby limiting the pressure on fleet utilization during a downturn. We extended rail lease renewal terms at attractive rates, substantially lowering the number of railcars exposed for renewal each year. We also diversified our earnings base by expanding in the growing European rail market and adding to our marine and industrial equipment portfolios. On the investment side, we executed a disciplined strategy. While we invested more than $2 billion in the last four years, we were very diligent in adhering to our investment criteria in a market characterized by extremely high asset values. We acquired railcars at an advantaged price through our Committed Purchase Program and purchased fleets in the secondary market. Rather than place a large, speculative order with a manufacturer, we chose to preserve our purchasing power for a time when railcar acquisition costs are more attractive for GATX. Our recent 3,000 new car order is an early indication that railcar acquisition costs have started to move in GATX's favor. These steps were taken to ensure that GATX is not only well prepared to weather a downturn, but also is in position to take advantage of market weakness. The result is that we are excited about 2008 and beyond. Although the challenges of a weakened economy and a tough rail market will require our full attention, we will aggressively pursue the growth opportunities that present themselves as asset prices decline. We worked diligently to prepare for this situation -- now it is time to execute our plan.

Brian A. Kenney
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer GATX Corporation

