Letter from the Chairman

GATX enjoyed the dual benefit in 2011 of a rapidly improving North American railcar leasing market and a talented and high-achieving employee base. Our people made excellent progress on the key initiatives I laid out in last year's shareholder letter.
  First, our commercial team capitalized on the stronger market by aggressively pushing North American railcar lease rates higher. Our Lease Price Index ("LPI"), which measures the change between renewal lease rates and expiring lease rates for our most common car types, increased 6.9 percent in 2011. This increase was remarkable, since we entered 2011 expecting a negative LPI change for the year. The rate improvement was broad based across most car types in our fleet. Despite the aggressive effort to increase lease rates, our fleet utilization increased during 2011 as well, ending the year at 98.2 percent. Our strategy of keeping lease terms short during the recent downturn paid off in 2011, as we had a higherthan-average number of cars renewing into a rapidly improving market.  Second, we were able to strategically grow our asset base in 2011. Most significant was the five-year, 12,500 railcar supply agreement -- the largest order in GATX history -- which we placed in March of 2011. This order was well timed. It resulted in GATX having a constant supply of high-quality, attractively priced railcars delivering into 2011's improving market, just as manufacturing backlogs and delivery times were increasing for many of our competitors. Railcars delivering under this supply agreement through mid-2013 are already successfully placed with customers on long-term leases at favorable rates. We expect that this order, combined with the railcars we acquired from distressed portfolios during the downturn, will provide GATX with railcars that should produce excellent returns for years to come.  Lastly, we made inroads into emerging rail markets, focused specifically on India and China. These rail markets should be high growth when compared to our traditional North American and European markets. We view these opportunities as very long-term efforts -- in fact, a railcar leasing market does not exist in either country at this point. Nevertheless, through the multi-year effort of our team in India, we expect to secure a license and invest in railcars in 2012. If we can develop these markets in the long term, we can take the railcar leasing expertise we have refined over the last 114 years in North America and enhance our growth prospects significantly.

 Looking into 2012, we expect GATX's earnings per share to increase in the range of 20 to 30 percent from 2011. In Rail, while we continue to push railcar lease rates higher, we also will seek to lengthen lease terms as rates approach and exceed attractive long-term levels. American Steamship, armed with newly competitive labor agreements negotiated with its unions in 2011, anticipates carrying higher volumes on the Great Lakes in 2012, especially if North American automobile demand increases as some forecasts suggest. Remarketing income opportunities should be attractive across our segments as asset prices have continued to increase. Rising asset prices, while enhancing current returns for GATX, do make asset growth more challenging. Beyond our current railcar supply agreement, this causes us to turn more to the secondary markets and our European tank car business for growth, as these markets historically present more attractive return profiles in stronger economic times.  I consistently stress to investors that we take an extremely long-term view when managing our business. We believe that this long-term view is critical to success, as our assets generally have 30- to 50-year useful lives. We often forgo current earnings to position GATX's business better for the long run. We strive to dampen the inherent earnings cyclicality in our markets and produce a higher risk-adjusted return over long periods. We realize the importance of the dividend, having now paid one for the last 93 consecutive years. I often get the comment that these goals are too conservative and unexciting. With that in mind, I want to share GATX's performance versus major market indices over the past seven years, since our current strategy and team have been in place:
Total Shareholder Return
Annualized

 GMT S&P 500 Russell 3000 MidCap 400

1-year 3-year 5-year 7-year 27.8% 16.6% 3.6% 9.0% 2.1% 14.1% -0.3% 2.6% 1.0% 14.9% 0.0% 3.0% -1.7% 19.6% 3.3% 5.6%
as of 12/31/11

With the recent investments we made and the outstanding performance of our employees, I have high hopes that GATX will be that conservative and unexciting over the next seven years as well. We believe that displaying that level of performance over decades will define success for GATX.

Brian A. Kenney, Chairman, President and CEO GATX Corporation

