                                Message Chairman
We all have hopes and dreams. At Genworth, our simple vision and purpose are to help millions of peo- ple around the world achieve theirs. We provide solu- tions to their financial security needs at key stages of their lives. And as people’s needs are evolving, Genworth is evolving to meet them. Our story contin- ues to unfold, with exciting results and prospects. You will see details of that story and our performance in the enclosed Annual Report on Form 10-K but I wanted to share some additional perspectives in this letter.
OUR STORY
Genworth’s story is one of change, and positive change is woven into our very fabric. Change has defined our existence from our earliest days when we first entered the insurance and retirement businesses, through our Initial Public Offering in May 2004 — and it will propel us toward our future success.
Since the IPO, we have delivered more than a 70 percent shareholder return, including common stock dividends. And, Genworth clearly performed along the way. We drove core growth and innovation. We accelerated our international expansion, and now have a presence in more than 25 countries. We made nice progress in enhancing service capabilities and tech- nologies. We strengthened our growth platforms and leadership positions, including our fee-based retire- ment and wealth management, life insurance, and
international businesses. And, we gave back to our communities, never forgetting our core values of Ingenuity, Clarity, Performance and Heart...which continue to guide us.
Our performance culminated with 2006 net income in excess of $1.3 billion and net operating earnings per diluted share (EPS) up 15 percent to $2.89 — as we delivered our third consecutive year of mid-teens operating EPS growth. Our operating return on equity (ROE) increased to 11.3 percent at the end of 2006, maintaining momentum toward our interim ROE goal of 12 percent in 2008 and target of 13–14 percent in the 2010–2011 timeframe.
THE NEXT ACT
We believe that great companies change before they have to. That’s why Genworth has embarked on an exciting new phase that will define us for years to come. Part of our natural evolution, this next act is rooted firmly in our commitment to support con- sumers’ financial security needs, while enabling us to respond to demographic and market trends that pro- vide us with bright opportunities.
During the past year, we conducted rigorous inter- nal and external analyses of our markets and competi- tion. Consumers emphasized that they are looking for a trusted partner who understands their financial security needs and can satisfy those needs in a simple, straight- forward manner with flexible solutions. At the same time, distribution firms are gravitating toward insur- ance companies that can be their true “growth partner,” providing value across the business relationship.
As needs evolve, we believe it’s imperative to be more than a traditional insurance company. That’s why at Genworth, our vision is to be your financial security company. We’ll work to give consumers confi- dence in the benefits our products offer today while continuing to protect against future risk. We will deliver innovative solutions that have education, prod- uct, service, ease of delivery and technology compo- nents. We want to harness insurance, financing and service competencies to grow and succeed. And, we’ll draw upon the talents of each and every member of our Genworth team.
from the

To drive our efforts moving forward, our leadership team reframed our strategic goals along four fronts: becoming consumer wanted; being distributor preferred; leveraging our capital markets leadership; and being people driven. Let’s look at these more closely.
First, we are committed to deeply understanding and responding to consumers’ real needs — and how they think about those needs. We dare to dream that we can forever alter the way consumers think about insurance — creating products and services with such compelling value that consumers will actively seek them out, versus having to be sold to, or simply avoid- ing them all together.
Second, we believe we must provide distributors with a value proposition so strong that they will simply prefer to do business with Genworth over others. This means our solutions focus must penetrate the value chain of our distributors and improve continually.
Third, we recognize the need to expand our lead- ership in accessing the capital markets to manage risk, improve returns and broaden the array of solutions we can develop and offer. We have a great track record here — in our term life and universal life insurance businesses, through our innovative credit enhancement tools for global mortgage securitization markets and in our ongoing asset-liability management processes.
Fourth, we will continue our focus on being a company that’s driven by and for our people, continu- ing to help our associates develop their leadership, strategic and technical skills while celebrating the strength of our vibrant, diverse workforce. A collabo- rative spirit guides us and ensures we leverage our capabilities across the enterprise as one company.
Finally, we will unite these strategies with our steadfast focus on being simple, fast, and reliable, which will define us and differentiate us.
You will see us reach milestones during our jour- ney and take decisive steps to move forward. For example, we made bold moves in support of our growth agenda. We combined our Retirement and Protection businesses into a unified operating segment under the leadership of Pam Schutz, who was named executive vice president of Genworth. We created a new International segment that encompasses all our international businesses that contributed more than 30 percent of Genworth’s total operating earnings in 2006. The International segment and our U.S.
Mortgage Insurance segment are both under the lead- ership of Tom Mann, who was also named executive vice president. Finally, we announced the sale of our group life and health business serving small employers, to better focus our efforts where we have the most competitive advantage. Smart choices have to be made in investing for the future, allocating capital, deciding what to do and deciding what not to do. Genworth will excel on all these fronts.
While pursuing these actions, we continue to add talent to the Genworth team. I am pleased to note that Pat Kelleher, who joined Genworth in January 2007, assumed his role as chief financial officer in early March.
We recognize that change takes time. And the magnitude of the strategic shifts we’re putting in place is going to take just that. But we are excited about the opportunities these changes will bring Genworth and our increased ability to make even greater positive impact on the people we help.
We’re transforming so that we can bring even more support to people with dreams and aspirations. People just like the more than 7,000 Genworth associ- ates around the world who work each day to make a difference. People like you.
Our associates are proud to work alongside our many partners to help more people own homes, have peace of mind, achieve their aspirations, and enjoy financial independence.
Thank you for being part of the Genworth story. We hope you will join us on our next act — and the many that will follow.
All the best,
Michael D. Fraizer
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2007
 