 To our shareholders
I am excited to be writing to you in my first annual report to Genworth’s shareholders. Although I only joined Genworth in January, I have quickly gained a good appreciation of both our employees and the services we provide. At Genworth, we help millions of people around the world secure their financial lives, families, and futures. It is clear that our company has made meaningful progress in recovering from the financial and economic crisis, yet still faces serious challenges. My primary goal is to assure that we are focused on
the turn-around opportunity before us. In this letter, I will provide my perspectives on Genworth, review our strategy, highlight our performance in 2012 and summarize our plans for 2013.
Perspectives On Genworth
From my roles in the insurance industry, I was familiar with and respected Genworth. I recognized the turn- around opportunity the company had and wanted to help accelerate it. Genworth has a diverse portfolio of businesses that provide valuable products and services to customers that impact their lives. The strong demand for our products provides future growth potential for the company. We have a number of strengths that I believe we can further leverage, including our focus on the underserved middle market for life insurance, our leadership positions in mortgage and long-term care insurance, strong distribution relationships and our experienced and talented team of employees.
The Right Strategy
I believe we have the right strategy and objectives, with a focus on improving operating performance, simplifying the business portfolio, generating capital and increasing the financial strength and flexibility
of the company.
Our core businesses are the U.S. Life Insurance Division, which includes life insurance, long-term care (LTC) insurance, and fixed annuities, and the Global Mortgage Insurance Division, which includes mortgage insurance businesses in the United States (U.S.), Canada, Australia and Other Countries. Our other businesses include
the International Protection, Wealth Management and Runoff segments.
Our core businesses have significant opportunities to earn attractive returns for shareholders given the underserved middle market for life insurance, the growing consumer need for long-term care, the developing U.S. housing market recovery, and the continuing development of the housing markets in various international countries.
We intend to improve the operating and financial performance of the company and rebuild shareholder value by:
— achieving a return on equity in each of our core operating businesses in excess of its related cost of capital and appropriate share of debt service;
— generating significant cash flow to the holding company from core business dividends and realizing value from our non-core businesses;
— managing the core businesses to enable them to be standalone on an operating and financial leverage basis in order to improve financial performance and flexibility; and
— deleveraging to reduce the financial burden on the holding company and placing the company on better footing with rating agencies and credit markets.
Executing this strategy and achieving our objectives will require us to continue to make some difficult decisions, and we are prepared to do so.

 Performance In 2012
Genworth’s operating results in 2012 were mixed.
We continued to take steps to reposition the portfolio, manage our risks, and allocate capital to higher returning product lines. In U.S. Life Insurance, our focus was to maximize profitability and capital generation, and to improve statutory financial and operating performance. In Global Mortgage Insurance, our focus was on writing profitable new business, maintaining pricing disciplines and managing in-force business to minimize losses.
We’ve made progress on Genworth’s strategy and objectives, and the board, senior leadership team
and employees should be proud of what they have accomplished so far. Genworth met its overall 2012 goal for cash dividends paid to the holding company, positioned the U.S. life insurance companies to pay an ordinary dividend in 2013, and saw improvement in the Global Mortgage Insurance Division as the U.S. housing market began to recover. In addition, the company is now implementing a comprehensive U.S. mortgage insurance capital plan that significantly enhances our financial flexibility. We have also taken actions in our LTC insurance business to redesign products, increase pricing and slow or suspend sales in states where we are unable to meet our cost of capital objectives. In late 2012, we introduced a new term life insurance product that replaced the less attractive term universal life insurance product, and we are redesigning certain universal life insurance products and repricing others. In 2013 we will continue to broaden our life insurance product mix and improve service delivery platforms.
In particular, this will include the introduction of new linked-benefit offerings and new index universal life products.
Moving Forward
We are facing an improving but still uncertain environment in 2013 and have built our plans accordingly. We will manage our businesses and capital with the discipline needed to meet our goals
of improving our financial performance and building shareholder value. We are challenging each business to manage the actions that are within its control, including:
— assessing the pricing of products,
— improving risk management,
— targeting new product sales and new business
opportunities where returns are above our cost
of capital,
— serving our customers through our strong
distribution relationships, and
— being more cost efficient.
We will continuously evaluate risk-adjusted returns on new business, seek to improve Genworth’s underperforming in-force blocks of business, and be prepared to make difficult decisions when needed.
Conclusion
2012 was certainly a year of challenges and changes
for our company. As we move into 2013 and I assume the role of leading Genworth, I am realistic about
the challenges we face but also excited about the opportunity we have to execute a strategy that promises to add significant shareholder value. We have a strong management team and talented employees that
remain focused on the goal of improving our operating performance, financial strength and business flexibility, while making a difference for the people who count
on us every day.
Sincerely,
Tom McInerney
President and Chief Executive Officer Genworth Financial, Inc.
April 2013
 