Message from the Chairman
Through the challenging environment of the past several years, Genworth has taken significant actions
to support our customers and rebuild value for our shareholders. We focused our specialist businesses on the best opportunities for profitable growth, tightened risk management, expanded loss mitigation activities, repositioned our investment portfolio and enhanced our financial flexibility. In 2010, we continued aggressive efforts to improve profitability in all of our business lines.
Clearly our overall results for the year were not where
they need to be—and we had mixed performance at the business line level, from strong results internationally to very poor performance in U.S. Mortgage Insurance. At the same time, the steps that we’ve taken have strengthened our businesses and risk profiles and put most of the difficulties of the financial crisis and its aftermath behind us. Our financial foundation is strong, we’re generating solid sales momentum and we have positioned Genworth for long-term profitable growth. Importantly, we are sharply focused on driving the next stage of shareholder value creation in a sustainable and disciplined manner and have clear plans in place to improve performance in each of our businesses, centering around five priorities:
• Accelerating the recovery and return to profitability of U.S. Mortgage Insurance,
• Ensuring that our International businesses maintain strong performance and continue to generate capital for our holding company,
• Driving profitable new business in Retirement and Protection and improving the performance of in-force blocks of business,
• Continuing to optimize the performance of our investment portfolio and
• Managing our business portfolio to maximize financial synergies, commercial benefits and shareholder value.
Our work is guided by our deep commitment to serve our customers and provide products and value-added services that meet important consumer needs. Given
continued economic pressures, financial market uncertainties and ongoing legislative and regulatory changes, it’s never been more critical for consumers to secure their financial lives, families and futures. With this in mind, we help people protect their assets through
life insurance, lifestyle protection insurance and senior supplemental insurance; invest and prepare for retirement through wealth management, long term care insurance and fixed annuities; and achieve and maintain home ownership through mortgage insurance.
You can read about our detailed 2010 performance in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Here, I will review our plans to continue improvement across each of our businesses and rebuild shareholder value.
Retirement and Protection
Our Retirement and Protection segment serves consumer needs where we are competitively advantaged and have profitable new business opportunities with a focus on
life insurance, long term care insurance, fixed annuities and wealth management. We’re driving new business by understanding the needs of our customers, leveraging strengths in products and risk management and providing outstanding service. We also continue to take actions
to strengthen the profitability of our in-force book of business. Looking at our leading positions:
• In life insurance, we serve the needs of the middle-
market and emerging affluent Americans where the level of insurance coverage is well below where it should be, offering competitively priced products
that give consumers flexibility. We distribute our products primarily through the broker general agency channel, where we are #1 in policies sold thanks to our underwriting strength and low cost structure. We’ll continue to meet these important needs by applying our strong service and underwriting support and by building on the success of attractive new products such as ColonySM Term UL—which we introduced in late 2009.

• Demographic trends and the rising cost of care continue to drive a fundamental and growing need for long term care insurance coverage. In this business, Genworth is the multi-channel distribution leader and #1 in policyholders in force. Capitalizing on our 35-year industry experience, we’re committed to providing value and encouraging product adoption by designing products that increase affordability and flexibility,
as well as by providing expanded wellness and care coordination offerings. For instance, in 2011, we’re working in partnership with the Mayo Clinic to offer Genworth’s Live+WellSM health education program, which gives long term care customers premier wellness- related information to help them manage, monitor and improve their health risks.
• In fixed annuities, we participate where we can
attain targeted profitability and have benefits with our distribution partners. In 2010, we introduced a market value adjusted product to enhance our market competitiveness and plan to add a fixed indexed annuity to our product line-up in 2011.
• In wealth management, we are the #2 provider for independent advisors in the turnkey asset management segment of the market. The opportunity here is strong, with an estimated $150+ billion market that’s growing, as advisors continue to shift to independent platforms and look for products, support and tools to serve their clients better. We offer an open architecture product line that helps independent advisors increase their assets under management. To enhance this value proposition, at the end of 2010 we added a suite of alternative investment solutions that helps independent financial advisors meet the needs of their high net worth customers.
In each of these business lines, new business is performing well and we continue to take steps to improve the performance of legacy blocks of business. In long
term care insurance, for example, we are implementing
an 18 percent rate increase on certain older policies, representing approximately 29 percent of our long term
care premiums. In life insurance, we are actively working to address profitability issues related to lapse rates, shifting costs of regulatory reserves and impacts from investment performance during the financial crisis.
International
In our International segment, each of our businesses is a leader in its respective market, operating in geographies that offer attractive opportunities for profitable growth: mortgage insurance in Canada and Australia along with selected markets for the future and lifestyle protection insurance in Europe and other countries with strong growth potential.
Our Canada and Australia mortgage insurance businesses performed well in 2010 thanks to strong housing markets and economic environments, plus the proactive steps
we took to reduce risk profiles and increase prices. In lifestyle protection insurance, we also acted aggressively to navigate the difficult environment in Europe and saw a solid recovery in earnings in the second half of the year. Overall, our International businesses are an important source of capital to our holding company, accounting for approximately 90 percent of 2010 dividends to Genworth’s holding company and we expect an additional $350 million of dividends in 2011.
U.S. Mortgage Insurance
Our U.S. Mortgage Insurance segment continues to navigate a very difficult housing market environment. Housing fundamentals remain poor, as the supply of existing unsold housing combined with the inventory of foreclosed properties not yet for sale continue to pressure home prices. While we were encouraged by the decline in new delinquencies toward year end, we saw an increase in the number of loans that remain delinquent and are going to foreclosure.

We’re dealing head on with these issues to accelerate
a return to profitability over time. Our focus is on generating attractive new business with higher returns and a lower risk profile, as well as on loss mitigation— including loan modifications, which help people stay in their homes. We are also working with our regulators to maintain sound flexibility to write new business through this difficult period and have multiple lines of defense in place should the housing markets deteriorate further.
Finally, we are actively working with the U.S. government to help shape public policy and further reinforce the important role of private mortgage insurance in the U.S. housing market. We’re encouraged by developments
in housing reform and, in particular, the administration’s commitment to reducing the role of the federal government and allowing private capital to step back in.
Looking ahead, we are intensely focused on making progress during 2011 toward our overarching objective to return the business to profitability. We will continue to focus on managing our in-force book, adding highly profitable new business and delivering benefits from loss mitigation efforts.
Strong Financial Foundation
Building on accomplishments in 2009, we took a number of additional steps in 2010 that reinforced our capital strength and flexibility and leave us in a sound position as we look to the future. We repaid all outstanding debt under our credit facilities and issued $800 million of new senior notes. Our holding company ended the year with $1.0 billion in cash and highly liquid securities. And we have refined a multi-year capital plan that supports ongoing organic growth, addresses 2011 and 2012 debt maturities and supports our profitability objectives.
Investment Portfolio
The quality and performance of our investment portfolio improved substantially in 2010 thanks to the actions we’ve taken to diversify positions, reduce risks and reinvest our excess cash. As of December 31, 2010, we managed a consolidated cash and investment portfolio of $71.6 billion with approximately 77 percent invested in high-quality fixed-maturity securities, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. The remainder of our portfolio
is diversified over a range of investments, including commercial mortgage loans and other types of assets.
Net unrealized investment losses declined to $100 million, net of taxes and other items, as of December 31, 2010, compared with $1.4 billion a year earlier. In 2010, we completed our excess cash redeployment plans ahead of schedule, putting $3.5 billion of excess cash back to work to enhance investment income and yield. We will continue to execute hedging strategies to sustain yields in the low interest rate environment and enhance our returns.
Business Portfolio
We regularly evaluate our business portfolio to ensure
it is delivering value for our shareholders. In doing so, we review a variety of criteria including strategic factors such as market attractiveness, competitive advantages, commercial synergies between business lines and the outlook for the business from a regulatory and public policy perspective. We also evaluate the fit of a business from a financial perspective, reviewing its performance, ability to generate earnings and capital and any financial synergies it brings to the portfolio.

This year, for example, we refined our product offerings within Retirement and Protection. Due to the dramatic market shift in the variable annuity industry, and given our relatively small scale in that business, we announced in January 2011 that we would discontinue sales of
new individual and group variable annuities. We also suspended new sales of an annuity and long term care linked benefit product until that market develops further.
We believe there are significant financial synergies and commercial benefits with our current mix of leadership businesses, including the value of dividends from our International businesses and the statutory capital we expect to generate as we utilize $1.9 billion of deferred tax assets related to net operating losses. In addition, we see sound performance improvement opportunities in several of our lines. We will remain active in managing our business and portfolio mix to enhance shareholder value over the mid to long term as we look ahead.
Making a Difference
As we move forward, we remain dedicated to helping people secure their financial lives, families and futures. Every day, our 6,500 employees demonstrate their commitment to be there for the people who count on us. You can see this in the products and services we provide to meet consumers’ needs—and also in the value-added support we offer. For instance, our comprehensive
study Our Families, Our Future: The Heart of Long Term Care Planning outlines steps that help families achieve financial security. Our passion also is clear in the work we’re doing to advocate for policies and programs that promote sound homeownership and financial security for consumers. And it’s visible in our community involvement; in 2010, our employees volunteered approximately 19,000 hours worldwide to support more than 180 charitable organizations.
We’re passionate about what we do, because we’re there when people need us most. In 2010:
• We paid nearly $3.3 billion in insurance benefits, helping to bring protection and peace of mind to our Retirement and Protection policyholders and beneficiaries.
• Through our homeownership assistance programs, we facilitated more than 50,000 workouts globally, helping homeowners stay in their homes or avoid foreclosure.
• We helped more than 200,000 households in Europe maintain regular repayments on their financial commitments through lifestyle protection insurance.
We have a clear purpose and a deep dedication
to support our customers and rebuild value for our shareholders. We are intensely focused on delivering on our strategy and priorities to improve the performance of our businesses while maintaining our strong financial foundation.
Thank you for your continued support of Genworth.
Michael D. Fraizer
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2011
 