


Business Highlights

 












The Group's performance remained stable in the financial year 2014-15 (" FY2015") despite the weak European market. The major subsidiary, GP Batteries has completed rationalization of its business structure and has managed to turn the business around to profit after two consecutive years of losses. Financial status of the Group is solid with a low gearing ratio of 0.27 (net bank borrowing compared to equity attributable to equity holders of the Company).

Results and Dividend

Revenue for the financial year increased by 3% to S$973.8 million . Profit before finance costs, exceptional items and share of results of associates increased by 26% to S$49.8 million, over the S$39.5 million reported for the financial year 2013-14 (" FY2014").

A net exceptional gain of S$5.6 million was reported in FY2015, comprised mainly property gains, impairment allowances and restructuring costs, compared to a net exceptional loss of S$ 72.5 million in FY2014 due mainly to impairment allowances and fair value adjustments.

Pre-tax profit contributed by associates in aggregate was S$19.2 million, compared to S$22.7 million for FY2014 which included a S$10.4 million property disposal gain .

Profit before taxation amounted to S$65.7 million, compared to a loss of S$21.0 million for FY2014. Total profit after taxation attributable to equity holders  of GP Industries was S$25.5 million. Last year, it was a loss of S$9.7 million, including a profit from discontinued operations of S$6.9 million .

The Board has recommended a final dividend of 1.8 Singapore cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 1.6 Singapore cents, the  total  dividend for FY2015 was 3.4 Singapore cents, compared to the total dividend of 3.2 Singapore cents for last year.
 
Electronics and acoustics
Revenue from the business segment decreased by 5%. Sales of electronics products dropped by  4% while acoustics products dropped by 6% due mainly  to the depressed market in Europe. Cost efficiency measures such as consolidation of distribution network have been introduced to lower operating expenses. During FY2015, a net exceptional loss of S$0.3 million was reported. Total profit contribution from the electronics and acoustics business was 7% lower than FY2014.

During the year, the Group has intensified promotional marketing efforts for the KEF brand and has strengthened its distribution network to prepare for future growth opportunities. The branding exercise will benefit business growth in the medium  and  long run. New products were launched for both the premium loudspeaker and the new media markets.

Automotive wire harness
The wholly-owned automotive wire harness business in Huizhou, China recorded a strong growth of 43% despite the relatively smaller scale.  The  strong growth achieved was due to the increasing demand for camera wire harness following new safety regulations in the US as well as increased sales in China's domestic mar ket.

The harness business will continue to take on the strategies of smart automation as well as parts localization for a more aggressive expansion of China's domestic market including the pursuit to penetrate into the Tier 1 market. The feasibility of a new satellite factory in Central China is being studied. The Group is also open for merger and acquisition opportunities for a more rapid development of  the wire harness business .

GP Batteries
The batteries business has turned around this year after the business rationalization. Bank borrowing was significantly reduced, and with  gearing  ratio  kept  at a low level of 0.17 (net bank borrowing compared to equity attributable to equity holders of GP Batteries) together the relatively stable business, GP Batteries has sustained a healthy financial status and has returned to profitability .

Despite the escalating labor cost in China, GP Batteries managed to counter the unfavorable impact by continuous automation and rationalization of
 


10 / GP Industries Limited Annual Report 2014 - 2015
 



 
the manufacturing op erations. Revenue for FY2015 increased by 3% to S$719.3 million. Sales of primary batteries increased by 7% while sales of rechargeable batteries decreased by 8%. Sales in Americas and Asia grew by 20% and  5% respectively  while sales  in Europe dropped by 10%. Gross profit margin improved to 23%.

FY2015, GP Batteries reported  a  profit  attributable to  its equity  holders  of  S$13.0 million, compared to a loss of S$52.0 million for FY2014. The core business of primary batteries and small rechargeable batteries will be the main focus of development. GP Batteries will continue to explore opportunities to dispose of other non-core assets to facilitate faster development of the core business.

Other investments
In FY2015, this business segment  contributed  a profit of S$3.1 million  after  taking  into  account  of an exceptional impairment  loss  of  approximately S$1 million from the disposal of a subsidiary of CIH Limited, compared to a loss of S$4.6 million last year.
 
On the manufacturing side, the Group will continue to control expenses by automation and streamlining of business process to counter the escalating production costs in China.
Vote of Thanks
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express our gratitude to our shareholders, customers, suppliers and bankers for their loyalty and continuous support. I would also like to thank our employees  for their commitment and hard work during the year.








Victor LO Chung Wing Chairman

17 June 2015
 

Outlook

The Group is re-gaining financial strength following the business rationalization of GP Batteries. As the Group has sustained steady business and profitability together with a healthy financial position, it has achieved a favorable position for new development and investment opportunitie s.

On the business side, the Group will continue to invest in technology and product innovation. More efforts will on placed on brand building and distribution development internationally.
 

GP	Batteries	will strengthening	the
 

place	more	emphasis	on rechargeable		category	by
 
investing into automation and product technology developm ent . Sales of Portable PowerBank is expected to continue its growth with the support of expanded distribution channels and product ranges.

The electronics and acoustics business is affected by the weak European economy. KEF will further develop its new media products while pushing the growth in the premium loudspeaker segment. For Celestion, more technological research effort will be put on the development of high-end driver units so as to further capture the market in the professional audio sector.



GP Industries Limited Annual Report 2014 - 201s/ 11
