TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2015 turned out to be a year of mixed results for Genuine Parts Company. On the positive side, our team did a fine job of managing the assets of the Company and in keeping our balance sheet in excellent condition. Cash from operations and free cash generation each reached record levels and our team did a good job on the operating side of the business as well, producing record earnings per share of $4.63, despite the impact of an unfavorable currency translation of $0.14 per share.
  Conversely, our revenue production was a bit inconsistent across our four business segments and we ended the year with sales of $15.3 billion, which was down just slightly from 2014. The difficult macro-economic environment significantly weakened customer demand in our industrial and electrical distribution businesses. Likewise, the impact of currency translation associated with our Canadian, Australasian and Mexican operations was a headwind for both the automotive and industrial businesses. The office products business mostly avoided these conditions and recorded solid revenue growth for the year.
Despite the tempered growth for 2015, when we adjust our results for the 3% negative impact of currency translation
the Company produced an increase in both sales and net earnings. These increases reflect the positive impact of our sales initiatives and cost control measures and, combined with our reduced investment in net working capital and record cash flows, represent meaningful accomplishments. Our progress in 2015 supports our investment in growth opportunities such as acquisitions, as well as the return of capital to shareholders via a strong dividend and share repurchases.
FINANCIAL STRENGTH
Genuine Parts Company further improved its financial strength in 2015 with a continued emphasis on sales and earnings growth initiatives and effective management of the balance sheet. Our focus in these key areas produced strong cash flows, with cash from operations reaching a record $1.2
billion and, after dividends paid of $368 million and capital expenditures of $110 million, our free cash flow was $682 million, also a record for us. At December 31, 2015, our total cash on hand was $212 million and total debt of $625 million was a modest 16.5% of total capitalization.
OPERATIONS
The Company’s 2015 revenues included core sales growth of approximately 1.5% and a 1% contribution from acquisitions. These growth components were offset by the negative impact of currency translation of approximately 3%.
The Automotive Group, our largest segment at 52% of 2015 revenues, reported a 1% sales decline for the year. This reflects core sales growth
of approximately 3.5% and a slight benefit from acquisitions, offset by an approximate 5% currency impact. Each of our four geographic regions, the United States, Canada, Mexico and Australasia, generated positive core sales increases in their local currencies. In addition, we experienced sales growth from both our commercial and retail customers. The fundamentals supporting demand in the automotive aftermarket remain favorable and combined with our internal initiatives, we are optimistic for continued growth in 2016 and beyond.
Motion Industries, our industrial distribution business, represents 30% of our 2015 revenues. Sales for Motion were off 3% from 2014, consisting of a 3% decrease in core sales and a 1% headwind from currency, which were partially offset by a 1% contribution from acquisitions. The manufacturing indices we track in this segment, which had improved in 2014, progressively weakened throughout 2015. This correlates to lower demand among our customer base and, in particular, those customers dependent on exports
as well as the oil and gas sector. EIS, our electrical/electronic distribution segment, represents 5% of our 2015 revenues. As with Motion, this business is dependent on the manufacturing segment of the economy. EIS grew sales by approximately 1.5% for the year, driven by a 5% contribution from acquisitions, less a 2.5% decrease in core sales and a 1% headwind from falling copper prices. Looking ahead, we expect the tough industrial economy to persist well into 2016. That said, we have multiple initiatives in place at both Motion and EIS to help us overcome these challenges.
S. P. Richards, our office products distribution business, represents 13% of our 2015 revenues and had sales growth of 7.5% for the year. This
L-R: Carol B. Yancey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thomas C. Gallagher Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Paul D. Donahue President
 follows a 10% sales increase in 2014, and consists of core sales growth of 5% and a 3% contribution from acquisitions, net of a 0.5% unfavorable currency translation. New business with a key customer, initiated in 2014, and growth initiatives to diversify the SPR business positively impacted our core sales. Turning to 2016, the office team will continue to focus on its growth initiatives, including the ongoing diversification of product and customer portfolios, market share gains and select acquisitions.
ACQUISITIONS
Acquisitions continue to be a very important component of our growth strategy. During 2015, we expanded our automotive network with the purchase of three automotive store groups in the U.S. and two new businesses in Australasia. At Motion, we made four acquisitions, further expanding our U.S. distribution footprint while also complementing our vast product offering of industrial MRO (maintenance, repair and operations) and supply items. Our electrical distribution business acquired a specialty wire and cable distributor and, finally, the office segment completed
three acquisitions, further diversifying their product offering and customer channels.
Thus far in 2016, we have made one acquisition for the U.S. automotive business, which enhances our OE (original equipment) import parts distribution capabilities. We are encouraged by the growth prospects for our recent acquisitions and will continue to pursue additional strategic acquisition targets throughout 2016.
SHARE REPURCHASES
We returned more than $660 million to our shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and dividends in 2015. For the year, we repurchased approximately 3.3 million shares of our Company stock and as of December 31, 2015, we were authorized to repurchase up to an additional 6.3 million shares. We expect to continue making opportunistic share repurchases during 2016 as we view this as a good use of cash.
GPC DIRECTORS
In April of 2016, Mr. Jean Douville will retire from our Board of Directors and from his role as Chairman of UAP Inc. (“NAPA Canada”). Mr. Douville has served on our Board since 1992 and as UAP’s Chairman since 1999, and we extend him our sincerest gratitude and appreciation for his many years of dedicated service.
At our August 2015 Board meeting, Elizabeth W. “Betsy” Camp was elected by the Board as a new Director of the Company. Since 2000, Ms. Camp has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of DF Management, Inc.,

DIVIDENDS & SHAREHOLDER RETURN
   The Company has paid a cash dividend to shareholders every year since going public in 1948, and on February 15, 2016, the Board of Directors raised the 2016 cash dividend to an annual rate of $2.63 per share, up 7% from $2.46 in 2015.
TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN
1 3 5 7 10 YEAR YEARS YEARS YEARS YEARS
-17.1% 13.6% 14.1% 16.2% 10.6%
INCLUDES DIVIDENDS
2016 MARKS OUR
60TH CONSECUTIVE
YEAR OF INCREASED $2.30 DIVIDENDS PAID TO
OUR SHAREHOLDERS.
$2.63 $2.46
   $1.80
$1.98
$2.15
      $1.56
$1.64 $1.60
 $1.46
       a private investment and commercial real estate company. Previously, Ms. Camp held other business executive roles and was also an accountant and attorney with major accounting and law firms. Additionally, at our November 2015 Board meeting, Donna W. Hyland was elected by the Board as a new Director of the Company. Ms. Hyland is President and Chief Executive Officer of Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta, one of the largest pediatric healthcare systems in the country. Before being named to her current position in 2008, Ms. Hyland’s career at Children’s included roles as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Both of these new directors bring with them a wealth of business acumen and knowledge as well as public company board and committee experience. We are fortunate to have them serve with us.
MANAGEMENT
Over the last year, there were a number of key management changes and promotions that we would like to share with you. Scott W. LeProhon was named the Company’s Executive Vice President of Global Procurement effective January 1, 2016. Mr. LeProhon brings with him 28 years of experience in a variety of key management roles, most recently serving as Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Product Strategy for the U.S. Automotive Parts Group. Scott is a great fit for this position and we are pleased to have him in his new and expanded role.
Lee A. Maher was named President and Chief Operating Officer of the U.S. Automotive Parts Group effective February 1, 2016. Mr. Maher is a 38 year veteran of the Company’s automotive business, most recently serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the U.S. Automotive Parts Group. We are pleased to have a proven executive like Lee so uniquely qualified for this important leadership position. Alain Masse was named President of NAPA Canada, effective September 1, 2015. Mr. Masse has extensive leadership and business experience and was previously NAPA Canada’s Executive Vice President of the Auto Parts and Heavy Duty Parts Divisions. Alain is well qualified to successfully lead this key automotive group.
Effective February 15, 2016, Frank M. Howard retired from the Company after nearly 39 years of service in a variety of key financial roles, including the last 12 years as Senior Vice President and Treasurer. We want to thank Frank for his many significant contributions to the Company and wish him the very best in his retirement.
In consideration of this change, the Company’s Board named Charles A. Chesnutt Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. Chesnutt was previously Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Additionally, the
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE (IN DOLLARS)
Board approved Gregory N. Miller as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Mr. Miller was previously the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the U.S. Automotive Parts Group. Charlie and Greg are strong executives and we look forward to their many future contributions.
Lastly, at our August 2015 Board meeting, the Directors elected Christopher T. Galla to Vice President and Assistant Corporate Counsel and Robert L. Swann to Vice President Internal Audit, Compliance
and Risk. Chris and Robert are very talented individuals and their well deserved promotions serve to strengthen our corporate legal and finance teams.
CONCLUSION
The Company generated record cash flows in 2015 and is well positioned for future growth. While the challenging sales environment and difficult macro-economic and end market conditions may persist, we remained focused on our growth initiatives.
We enter 2016 with a cautious outlook on the overall economy. However, we remain committed to growing sales and earnings, showing continued operating margin improvement, generating solid cash flows and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We have plans in place for further improvement in each of these important areas in the year ahead.
We want to take this opportunity to express our appreciation to our employees, customers, vendors and shareholders for their commitment to and ongoing support of Genuine Parts Company.
2007 2008
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
2014 2015 2016
Respectfully submitted,
Thomas C. Gallagher
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
February 26, 2016
Paul D. Donahue
President
   Carol B. Yancey
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
