 to our shareholders
  jerry w. nix -
vice chairman and chief financial officer
thomas c. gallagher - chairman, president and chief executive officer
We are pleased to report that 2007 was another year of record sales and earnings, marking 80 years of continued progress for Genuine Parts Company.
Total sales for 2007 rose to $10.8 billion, an increase of 4% compared to 2006. Net earnings for the year were $506 million, an increase of 7% compared to 2006, and earnings per share were $2.98, up 8%.
With these results, we have now increased sales in 57 of the last 58 years and increased profits in 45 of the last 47 years. We are proud of this steady and consistent growth pattern and we are optimistic about our prospects for continued progress in the year ahead.
Financial Strength
In 2007, we were able to further strengthen our balance sheet and the Company is in excellent financial condition. We generated strong cash flows once again during the year, with cash from operations improving to over $640 million and, after deducting dividends and capital expenditures, free cash flow was a solid $283 million. At December 31, 2007, our total debt was $500 million, which was unchanged from the prior year, and represents 15.5% of total capitalization.
During the year, we used our cash to repurchase 5.0 million shares of our Company stock. We continue to view this as a good use of cash and, as of December 31, 2007, we have 10.3 million shares available for repurchase under our current program. We will continue to make opportunistic share repurchases in 2008. We also invested $116 million in capital expenditures in our businesses and we returned $243 million to shareholders through dividends paid in 2007.
Dividends
The Company has paid a cash dividend to shareholders every year since going public in 1948, and in 2007 we increased our dividend by 8% to $1.46 per share. The Board of Directors, at
its meeting on February 18, 2008, once again raised the cash dividend payable April 1, 2008 by 7% to an annual rate of $1.56 per share, or 52% of our 2007 earnings. 2008 will mark our 52nd consecutive year of increased dividends paid to our shareholders.
Progress In Operations
As mentioned earlier in our remarks, the Company was able to show improvement in both sales and earnings once again in 2007. Revenue growth of 4%, however, was below our targeted annual growth range of 6%-8%. The Industrial and Electrical/Electronic segments were able to achieve the desired revenue growth in 2007, as they have for the past several years, while Automotive and Office Products encountered more difficult market circumstances.
For the fourth consecutive year, the Company’s strongest sales improvement came from our two business segments serving the manufacturing sector of the economy. Motion Industries, our industrial distribution company, had another very good year, with sales increasing 8%. This follows three consecutive years of 11% sales increases. This group has participated in the continued strength of the industrial markets we serve, as measured by the Industrial Production and Manufacturer Capacity Utilization indices. EIS, our Electrical/Electronic segment, also benefited from the strength in the manufacturing sector, reporting a 7% increase in sales for the year. As with the Industrial Group, 2007 was the fourth consecutive year of strong growth from the Elec- trical/Electronic segment and both Motion and EIS have initia- tives in place to support another year of solid progress in 2008.
The Automotive Parts Group, our largest business group, increased sales by 2% in 2007. While this level of growth does not meet our expectations for the longer term, we remain encouraged by
4
  
 this group’s drive to generate positive and consistent sales growth in the year ahead. Demand in the automotive aftermarket has been impacted by macro-economic trends, including high gas prices and its effect on miles driven and consumer spending. Although we currently expect these economic conditions to remain much the same in 2008, specific plans to grow sales are in place and, with good execution of these initiatives, we anticipate a solid perfor- mance from the Automotive segment in the coming year.
S.P. Richards, our Office Products Group, reported a 1% decrease in sales for the year, reflecting weak demand in the overall office products industry. Our primary challenge was depressed activity with our national accounts customer base, which offset our steady sales growth to independent dealers during the year. Historically, the Office Products Group has been one of our most consistent and steady performers among our four businesses, and we expect to see gradual strengthening in the office products industry in 2008. This anticipated industry improvement, combined with the proper execution of our growth initiatives, will help drive stronger results for the Office Products Group in the year ahead.
Although we experienced mixed results among our business segments this past year, we are pleased to operate in four essential and growing industries. We believe that this diversification provides us excellent balance when we look at the company as
a whole and as we plan for future growth.
Management
During 2007, there were a number of management changes and promotions that we would like to share with you. Effective June 2007, Paul D. Donahue joined the GPC Headquarters staff and
at our August 2007 Board meeting he was elected Executive Vice President of the Company. Previously, Paul was President and Chief Operating Officer of S.P. Richards Company, our office products business. As Executive Vice President, Paul is involved in the activities at several of our automotive businesses in addition to his work with our global sourcing initiative. Charles A. Chesnutt also moved to GPC headquarters in 2007 and at the August Board meeting he was elected Senior Vice President, Technology and Process Improvement. Charlie was previously the Chief Financial Officer at EIS, our Electrical/Electronic segment. In his new
role, he is engaged in corporate wide IT and telecommunication initiatives as well as process improvement programs across GPC. We are pleased to have Paul and Charlie in these key leadership positions and we look forward to their future contributions.
98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07
In the Automotive Parts Group, Daniel F. Askey has been promoted to Senior Vice President, Sales, effective August 2007. Dan joined the Company in 1979 and has held a variety of important automo- tive positions over the years, including his most recent role as the U.S. APG Western Group Vice President. Effective January 2008, Scott W. LeProhon joined the Automotive Parts Group as Senior Vice President, Merchandising and Product Strategy. Scott started with the Company in 1987 and has done an outstanding job in his many automotive assignments, most recently at Balkamp, where
he was President. Replacing Scott as President of Balkamp is Tip Tollison, a member of the GPC team since 1977 and, prior to this promotion, Balkamp’s Executive Vice President, Administration. Dan, Scott and Tip are very talented and well prepared for their new duties.
In another key automotive move, Gary Silva was promoted to President of the Heavy Vehicle Parts Group, effective December 2007. Since joining the Company in 1985, Gary has served in numerous automotive positions and with his expertise in sales, product sourcing and business development, we are pleased to have him leading this key area of growth for GPC.
At EIS, Robert R. Gannon, Executive Vice President, retired from the Company in May 2007. Bob joined EIS in 1985 and held many important management roles over his 22-year career with the Company. We thank Bob for his valued contributions and wish him all the best in his retirement. To replace Bob, Alexander Gonzalez was promoted to Senior Vice President, Electrical and Assembly. Alex began his career at EIS in 1989 and has success- fully held a variety of key sales and management positions with the Company. Also, Matthew C. Tyser joined EIS in October 2007 to replace Charlie Chesnutt as Chief Financial Officer. Matt came to EIS with more than 20 years of financial management experience and is a great addition to the EIS team.
Conclusion
As we enter 2008, we recognize that we face a more uncertain economic environment. However, our growth plans have been built with this in mind, as have our Operating Initiatives, Asset Management and Working Capital programs. Continued progress in each of these areas is a top priority for the GPC Management Team and you can read more about the individual initiatives in each of the four business segments in the pages that follow.
In closing, we want to express our appreciation to our employees, customers, vendors and shareholders for your commitment to and ongoing support of Genuine Parts Company.
 Dividends per share in dollars
1.16
1.25
1.46
1.35
   1.10
1.04
1.00
1.14
1.18
1.20
Respectfully submitted,
Thomas C. Gallagher Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
February 29, 2008
Jerry W. Nix
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
    5
 