Creating the Future in Automotive Retailing

Dear Stockholders:
I am pleased to report that 2002 was a year of continued achievements for Group 1 Automotive. Once again, your Company delivered record financial results, highlighted by our fifth consecutive year of growth in earnings per share, revenues and net income. Our performance during 2002, despite the challenge of a prolonged soft economy, is a testament to the soundness of our strategy, the strength of our management team and the dedication of our co-workers.

2002 Report Card
Group 1's unique position in the automotive industry value chain as a specialty retailer and value-added service company has served us well. Add quality acquisitions to this formula and the result is the operating performance you see reflected in this report. During 2002, revenues increased 5.5 percent to $4.2 billion, marked by growth in all four areas of our diverse revenue mix--new vehicles, used vehicles, parts and service, and finance and insurance. Group 1's operating income of $137.6 million represented a 4.8 percent gain over the previous year. Gross margin increased to 15.5 percent in 2002, reflecting the benefits of our diverse revenue mix. Initiatives in vehicle sales, cost control and asset management held our operating margin stable at 3.3 percent in this continued soft market. Full-year net income increased 21.0 percent to $67.1 million, while diluted earnings per share grew 8.1 percent to $2.80. We generated $73.5 million in cash flow from operations. We also continued to manage working capital very aggressively, turning over our new and used vehicle inventory faster than most dealerships in the country. Of particular significance, given the rapid rate of depreciation, is our superior used vehicle inventory turnover, with a supply of 30 days at year-end. Our balance sheet is in excellent shape. We closed the year with a long-term debt-tocapitalization ratio of 16 percent, leaving us well-positioned to act quickly and decisively when presented with attractive growth opportunities and, if necessary, to weather a weak economic environment. Reflecting the strength of our balance sheet and reliability of our cash flow, Moody's Investor Services upgraded its rating on our publicly traded debt in September, in a year that saw rating downgrades exceed upgrades by nearly five to one. We remained prudent in the Company's capital management, taking advantage of opportunities as they presented themselves. We added 21 new franchises with annual revenues of approximately $800 million during the year, including our first platform acquisition in California, the largest automotive retail market in the United States. Group 1's board of directors also authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $25 million in August and increased it to $42.7 million in November. Under this program, we repurchased 983,000 shares of Group 1 common stock during 2002 at an average price of $24.20 per share.

"Once again, your Company delivered record financial

results, highlighted by our fifth consecutive year of growth in earnings per share, revenues and net income."

5
16%

Gross Margin Breakdown
56%

7%

11%

10%

New Vehicles

New Retail Used Parts with Used with and Finance Vehicles Finance Service and and Insurance Insurance

Proven Business Model
Our success this year once again proved the flexibility of Group 1's business model, reflecting our strategy which is grounded in the emphasis on interrelated revenue streams,

Manufacturers Group 1*

*Proforma for closed and announced acquisitions

29% 25% 22% 14% 12% 14% 10% 7% 7% 4% 10% 9% 26%

11%

GM

Ford

Daimler Chrysler

Other

Toyota Lexus

Honda Acura

Nissan Infiniti

Brand Diversity

New Vehicle Unit Sales

letter to our

stockholders
tuck-in acquisitions we realize up to 40 percent savings on advertising, 30 percent on risk management and 20 percent on floorplan financing compared to what would be achieved on a stand-alone basis. Additionally, through our multi-franchise dealership platform structure, our dealerships enjoy strong Internet initiatives which expand their reach and provide further opportunities to interact with customers. A strong corporate function provides overall guidance, including financial reporting and controls, benchmarking, best practices, cost savings through preferred provider programs, management of the overall capital structure and cost-effective access to capital to fuel continued growth.

the advantages offered by decentralized operations and the diversity in geographic reach and brands marketed. We believe that this strategy provides a hedge against economic cycles and changing consumer tastes. Group 1's geographic diversity comes from 73 dealerships in 13 platforms across nine states, with no one platform accounting for more than 15 percent of total sales. Likewise, we offer 29 brands of cars and light trucks through our 114 franchises, with no single brand accounting for more than 26 percent of companywide sales. The domestic/import revenue mix is balanced, with 47 percent of our sales coming from domestic brands and 53 percent from import brands. Our revenue diversity continues to positively affect earnings, gross margin and cash flow. In 2002, approximately 40 percent of revenues and 84 percent of profits came from sales other than new vehicles. We sold more than 160,000 vehicles last year and wrote almost 1 million repair orders in our service departments. Gross profit and net income from our more profitable revenue streams of parts and service, and finance and insurance grew both in absolute terms and as percentages of their contributions to the Company's totals. Used vehicle retail revenues declined, as reflected throughout the industry, while used vehicle wholesale sales increased as we kept inventory supply on target and inventory levels in line with expected retail sales volumes. Our decentralized operating structure is another key to our success. Avoiding the "one-size-fits-all" approach, we allow our dealerships to customize their operations based on local market preferences and their competitive position in their respective marketplaces. At the same time, integration and consolidation provide cost savings and revenue synergies. We estimate that on

2003 a Year of Growth
The past two years have taught us important lessons about the economy. First, it is impossible to predict what the economy will deal us. Second, and most importantly, Group 1 has the right business model to succeed in both a growing economy, as well as a soft environment. Our ability to adjust our cost structure very rapidly, combined with our offering of higher-margin products that are counter-cyclical to new vehicle sales, gives us confidence in our ability to continue delivering record earnings per share in 2003. Regardless of what direction the economy takes in 2003, we will continue to pursue the strategy that has served our stockholders admirably by managing our capital wisely. During 2003, our goal is to acquire dealerships that have $800 million in aggregate annual revenues. These potential acquisitions will augment our brand portfolio mix and provide access to new markets, as well as enhance operating leverage to our centralized functions. We will not focus on revenues at the expense
GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE, INC. 3

right business model
of earnings per share, but will exercise great discipline by seeking only accretive acquisitions with attractive returns on investment. We expect these acquisitions will be a combination of large, multi-franchise dealership platforms and key, single-point tuck-in acquisitions to augment our brand and geographic diversity. With 22,000 automobile dealerships in the United States, there are ample opportunities to find attractive acquisition candidates. We will also, subject to market conditions, continue to enhance stockholder value through selective stock repurchases.

= success

Corporate Governance Issues
Any communication with our stockholders would be incomplete without a discussion of recent events that have brought the issues of business ethics, corporate governance and the quality of financial reporting to the forefront of public attention. It is unfortunate, but understandable, that highly publicized failings of a few have shaken the faith that investors place in corporate America. I want to assure the stockholders of Group 1 Automotive that your Company is committed to the highest ethical standards. Everyone from our dealership management, up through and including me, has subscribed to the organization's recently updated and expanded Code of Conduct. You can find this Code posted on our website. In addition, our chief financial officer and I personally certify all annual and quarterly financial reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Group 1's board of directors is composed of eight highly qualified individuals--five of whom are independent directors--who are actively involved in the oversight of your Company. In 2002, we added two new independent directors, Louis E. Lataif and Stephen D. Quinn, to
4 GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE, INC.

our board. Mr. Lataif has served as the Dean of the School of Management at Boston University since 1991 after a distinguished 27-year career with Ford Motor Company. Mr. Quinn joined Goldman, Sachs & Co. in 1981, and from 1990 to his retirement in 2001 was a general partner and managing director. Both of these gentlemen bring a tremendous combination of experience and business acumen to our board, and we are proud and fortunate that they have chosen to serve as directors of our Company. To further strengthen Group 1's corporate governance, we formed a new board committee in 2002-- Nominating/Governance. This, in addition to our Audit and Compensation committees, is composed solely of independent directors. Integrity in financial reporting has always been one of Group 1's core values. We are committed to clear, timely and accurate reporting of our financial results. These results are straightforward and easy to understand--reported in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Automotive retailing earnings translate directly into real cash flow, and the Company's capital structure is not complex. I pledge to you that we will continue our record of open, honest and frequent communications with our investors, in both good and bad times.

Special Thanks
In closing, I want to recognize Bob Howard, a founding member of Group 1, who retired in November 2002 as president of the Bob Howard Auto Group. Bob's leadership has been crucial to your Company's success during the past five years, and I am pleased that he will continue to serve as a member of our board of directors.

Creating the Future in Automotive Retailing

Geographic Diversity
New Vehicle Unit Sales*

Albuquerque 3% New Orleans 6%

Denver 1% Houston 14%

7,100
"Thank you, to the co-workers for continuing to deliver outstanding results."

Atlanta 6% Austin 9% Florida 8% West Texas 8% California 11% Dallas 6% New England 12% Oklahoma 13%
*Proforma for closed and announced acquisitions

Beaumont 3%

Stepping into Bob's shoes is Hal Steinke, who has performed admirably under Bob for 19 years. I also want to congratulate Joe Wagner who was recently promoted to platform president of the Casa Automotive Group in Albuquerque, New Mexico, replacing Jerry Patterson who has taken the reins of our new Florida platform, comprised of dealerships in the Pensacola and Miami, Florida, markets. Bennett E. Bidwell has decided not to stand for re-election to the board of directors. Mr. Bidwell was elected to the board on June 14, 1997, before our initial public offering, and has made significant contributions to the success of the Company. We will miss his wise counsel and clear vision. Additionally, I would like to recognize the Bob Howard Auto Group with Group 1's Most Valuable Platform Award. The award is based on an array of performance benchmarks used by Group 1 to evaluate its operations, such as actual to budget, customer satisfaction, profit contribution, and operating margins. The Bob Howard Auto Group, led by Hal Steinke, platform president, has 20 franchises with 2002 annual revenues of over $650 million. I also thank the 7,100 Group 1 co-workers for continuing to deliver outstanding results despite the tough economic environment. And to you, our stockholders, I extend special thanks for your continued support. Though we are pleased with the results we delivered for you in 2002, we are even more excited about what lies ahead. We believe that the enormous growth opportunities in our $1 trillion industry, proven acquisition and operating strategies, a balance sheet positioned for growth, and an experienced, highly motivated management team bode well for the future of Group 1 Automotive. I look forward to updating you on our progress as we continue to create the future in automotive retailing.

B.B. Hollingsworth, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Group 1 Automotive, Inc. March 26, 2003

