DECENTRALIZED OPERATIONS DELIVER REVENUES AND VALUE

To Our Stockholders
In last year's annual report, we outlined our agenda for 1998 and shared our goal to produce revenue growth, while delivering increased shareholder value each year. We promised to achieve our goal by taking a different route than any other consolidator in our industry. We went on record that we would execute our consolidation strategy by seeking only quality, accretive acquisitions that improve our geographic diversity and brand mix and leverage our economies of scale. We would not look to buy revenues or buy our way into a new market; we would seek to acquire earnings that would be delivered by profitable, well-run dealerships with entrepreneurial managers who plan to stay involved in their dealerships. We would retain these managers by creating an environment in which they can succeed.
1998 REPORT CARD

Over the course of 1998, we acquired $800 million of revenues in the form of 33 dealership franchises with vehicle sales of over 35,000 retail units. Our platform acquisitions ­ Carroll Automotive Group, Maxwell Automotive Group, Johns Automotive Group and Luby Chevrolet ­ improved brand diversity and established platforms in the fast-growing markets of south Florida, Atlanta, Austin, Albuquerque and Denver. We also acquired seven tuck-in acquisitions to further improve brand diversity, facilitate operating efficiencies and exploit economies of scale. Our philosophy of decentralized dealership operations added value. We seek quality dealerships as acquisition candidates. They are run by experienced, entrepreneurial managers who are encouraged to determine the best method to market their products and operate the dealerships. They delivered revenues and net income. And they proved that the platform/tuck-in strategy does work. By streamlining vendors, optimizing the use of facilities and personnel, consolidating training and pooling advertising dollars, we capitalized on regional economies of scale and realized immediate and significant cost savings from our newly acquired dealerships. The proof is in the expanded operating margin.
CORPORATE TEAM ADDSTO SYNERGY

I am pleased to report that our decision to travel in a different direction delivered what was promised for 1998. We experienced an outstanding year and laid the groundwork to execute our strategy in the future. Revenues grew 81% to $1.6 billion. Net income accelerated, reaching $20.7 million, or $1.16 per diluted share, a 53% increase. We are especially pleased with our margin improvement. Gross margin expanded to 14.5% from 14.1% last year due to a shift in the merchandising mix as revenues from valueadded products and services increased more rapidly than lower-margin revenues. Our operating leverage was significant and demonstrates that we have been successful integrating both our platform and tuck-in acquisitions. Income from operations more than doubled, resulting in the operating margin expanding to 3.2% from 2.8% last year. Our balance sheet remained strong with total, nonfloorplan debt to capitalization of 25%.

While our dealership operations are decentralized, our corporate office is led by people with public-company experience and specifically experience in fragmented industries and geographically dispersed operations. Their mandate is to seek and close high-quality acquisitions, increase our capital base and liquidity and identify synergy on a national level. Their efforts also paid off for Group 1 in 1998. In addition to the quality acquisitions that they completed during the year, our corporate team consolidated several administrative functions, such as floorplan financing, risk management and employee benefits on a national level. Revenue enhancement was also achieved by consolidating vendors who provide retail finance and vehicle service contracts. Their success is evident in our operating margin improvement. During the first quarter of 1999, we announced the acquisition of 28 dealership franchises in ten markets. Once these transactions are complete, they will bring our annualized revenue run rate to over $2.4 billion, representing 100,000 retail units.

3

Our corporate team also expanded the company's capital sources. During 1998, we expanded our bank revolving credit facility from $125 million to $425 million, executed a sale/leaseback of nine dealership properties, raising $32 million and completed a shelf registration for up to $250 million in debt and/or equity securities. We recently issued $100 million in 10-year senior subordinated notes and 2 million shares of new common stock under the shelf, increasing capital by $140 million. These transactions along with our strong cash flow from operations give us substantial resources to support our disciplined acquisition strategy.
THE YEAR AHEAD

The successful execution of our consolidation strategy to date gives us a reason to be very excited about our prospects for the coming year. For 1999, we will continue down the different route we have chosen. Our short-term goals remain the same. We will grow revenues through existing dealerships and through acquisitions. We will seek quality, accretive acquisitions and not focus on revenues at the expense of operating margins and earnings per share. We will continue to identify and minimize inefficiencies as we leverage our economies of scale. Because of our success in margin improvement, we have raised the bar on our operating margin goal from 3.5% to 4.0%. Over the long-term, we will continue to consolidate while delivering shareholder value. Our target is to add $800 million to $1 billion in additional revenue per year through acquisitions. We intend to operate dealerships throughout the continental United States, sell all major brands in every market served and grow EPS between 20% and 30% per year. We must give credit and thanks to our 3,200 coworkers who made 1998 a success. Their hard work, entrepreneurial spirit and dedication to customer service and satisfaction are essential for our continuing success. To our stockholders, we offer our thanks for your support and look forward to a successful 1999.

B. B. Hollingsworth, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Group 1 Automotive, Inc. March 15, 1999

4

