B.B. Hollingsworth, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

to our stockholders
I am pleased to report that 2000 was another record year for revenues, unit sales and earnings for your company. We succeeded in growing revenues through existing dealerships, adding quality acquisitions and continuing to benefit from the scale of our operations. Since going public in late 1997, we have delivered 13 periods of double-digit quarterly earnings per share growth on a year-over-year basis and have exceeded analysts' estimates every quarter. We delivered this strong 2000 performance despite rising interest rates, the perceived fatal threat of the virtual dealer on the Internet, and fewer acquisitions than we have completed historically.

letter

2000 Report Card
Revenues grew 43% to over $3.5 billion as net income accelerated to $40.8 million, or $1.88 per share, a 21% increase. While our revenues benefited from a record-setting year for U.S. new vehicle sales, we also expanded our higher-margin used vehicle, parts, service, finance, service contract and insurance businesses. Additionally, we benefited from our strong brand position. Toyota/Lexus and Ford represented over half of new vehicle sales. Gross margin dipped slightly to 14.7% from 15.0% last year due to a shift in our merchandising mix. New vehicle revenues, which carry the lowest profit margin, reached a record 60% of total revenues, and lower-margin dealerships were acquired during the year. Our operating margin continues to be among the highest in the automotive retailing industry at 3.3% versus 3.4% last year. Cash flow, defined as net income plus depreciation and amortization, was strong at $2.62 per share, a 28% increase. We used a portion of this cash to repurchase over 2.5 million shares of your company's stock. We believe that this was an excellent use of cash flow from operations. We also used some of the cash to acquire several new dealership operations. Brand Diversity We successfully acquired and inteNew Vehicle Unit Sales grated $490 million of revenues in the form of 16 dealership franchises. We continued to enhance our geographic diversity by adding a major platform operation in Boston, while our seven tuck-in acquisitions further improved

Manufacturers Group 1

28% 13%

24% 32% Ford

16% 14% Daimler Chrysler

12%

7%

9%

22%

7%

6%

4%

6%

2

GM

Other

Toyota Lexus

Honda Acura

Nissan

brand diversity and augmented some of our fastest-growing markets. During the year, we acquired one of only two Mercedes-Benz stores in all of Oklahoma, expanded our operation in Atlanta into a major platform, and added a Lincoln franchise, bringing the total brands we sell to 30. We continued to expand our Internet capabilities. We have found that the Internet provides a more efficient interface with our customers and is a tool that can be used in a profitable manner. Last year 7% of sales, or about 6,000 new vehicles, were directly sourced from Internet activities, where customers started the transaction online and completed the purchase process with specially trained Internet sales people.

The Right Business Model
Group 1's strong performance was a result of our proven business model executed by our dedicated co-workers. Our award-winning dealership operations, seasoned corporate team and disciplined acquisition strategy are creating the future of automotive retailing. Our operating philosophy remains the same--we match strength with strength by decentralizing our dealership operations and consolidating corporate and administrative functions. Our platform presidents, who are entrepreneurial leaders, know their unique markets and products and are responsible for their regional operations. Our corporate team, which is responsible for arranging financing, monitoring operations, allocating capital and providing administrative and support functions on a consolidated level, has experience leading high-growth, national public companies.

The Right Acquisition Strategy
Our acquisition strategy is successful because we are disciplined. We seek only quality, accretive acquisitions and do not focus on revenues at the expense of earnings per share or shareholder value. We will continue to seek attractive candidates, although at a somewhat slower pace. While the rate of consolidation in the retail automotive industry and for your company has slowed, there remains a compelling opportunity to consolidate the industry. Automotive retailing is the largest U.S. retailing sector with over $1 trillion in sales. It is highly fragmented and the average age of a dealer is over 60. Brand and geographic diversity mitigate risk. And large dealership groups enjoy the benefits Earnings and Cash Flow Diversity of operating synergies, as well as better positioning on the Pretax Profit by Product Internet. These are factors that will drive the continuing consolidation of the industry. In 1996 the top 100 dealers had Used Vehicles 13% 6% of sales; in 1999 the top 10 dealer groups had 6% of sales. This trend will continue. Parts & Service 47% New Vehicles 13%

The Future
We expect 2001 to be a demanding year that will offer us an exciting opportunity--the opportunity to validate our business Finance & Insurance 27% model by demonstrating our ability to generate satisfactory returns in a less-robust new vehicle market. Automobile manufacturers are forecasting new vehicle sales to slow from the record pace of 2000, and some manufacturers are facing significant challenges. There is a perception that your company is just as cyclical and will perform just like the manufacturers. However, unlike the manufacturers and their suppliers, we also sell used vehicles, have a significant parts and service business, and enjoy a
3

highly variable cost structure that we believe will mitigate the impact of an economic slowdown on our earnings. Last year almost 75% of our earnings were derived from sales of parts, service, finance, insurance and service contracts. In fact, all of the record number of new vehicles that have been sold over the past few years will require routine maintenance and service, and we have positioned our dealership operations to capitalize on this opportunity. In addition, we began finetuning our cost structure in the fourth quarter of 2000 and are pleased with the progress. We anticipate revenues of around $3.5 billion for 2001, with diluted earnings per share approximating our 2000 performance. This expected pause in our earnings per share growth is a reflection of an anticipated overall contraction of 5% to 10% in the new vehicle market and weaker consumer

"Our award-winning dealership operations, seasoned corporate team and disciplined acquisition strategy are creating the future of automotive retailing."

confidence in 2001. Once the market stabilizes, we expect to return to double-digit growth in earnings per share. In 2001, we anticipate utilizing internally generated cash flow to acquire tuck-in acquisitions, repurchase common stock and invest in upgraded facilities. Tuck-in acquisitions will augment our brands, increase our market share in regions where we have operations, and create additional synergy. We anticipate investing $20 to $30 million to complete two or three tuck-ins with aggregate revenues between $200 million and $300 million. We expect, subject to market conditions, to use approximately $12 million of cash generated from operations to repurchase common stock, as we believe that your company is a very attractive investment opportunity. To accomplish our vision, we need the continued commitment of our 6,000 dedicated co-workers and the support of our 30 manufacturers. We thank them for their contributions to an outstanding 2000 and look forward to the successes their efforts will produce this year and in the future. And to you, our stockholders, we thank you for your support and look forward to an exciting year. We are indeed creating the future of automotive retailing.

B.B. Hollingsworth, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Group 1 Automotive, Inc. March 20, 2001

4

