CHAIRMAN`S

LETTER
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

Dear Stockholders:

In the third quarter, we recorded a non-cash, pretax charge of $41.4 million related to the impairment of goodwill and certain long-lived assets at our Atlanta platform. It was the first such charge we have taken on any of our platforms. We took this step after determining that the platform's fair market value no longer supported the carrying value of these assets. We have been candid about the underperformance of our Atlanta platform and remain committed to returning it to profitability. We have replaced key members of management in Atlanta--at both the platform and dealership levels--and our new team believes that the appropriate initiatives are now in place to improve the platform's performance. In the fourth quarter, we recorded a non-cash, pretax charge of $3.3 million related to the impairment of intangible franchise rights at one of our Los Angeles area dealerships. Income from operations was $99.2 million. Excluding the impairment charges, our operating margin was 2.6 percent, compared with 3.3 percent in the previous year. This decline was largely attributable to the 70 basis point reduction in gross margin mentioned above. Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses as a percentage of gross profit increased by 320 basis points during the year. Although certain variable components of our SG&A, such as personnel and advertising costs, were lower on a same store basis, these reductions were offset by increased other costs, including those related to a severe hailstorm in June, hurricanes in September, an ongoing class action lawsuit in Texas and professional fees associated with the implementation of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Including the impairment charges of $31.4 million after tax, or $1.33 per diluted share, we reported net income of $27.8 million, or $1.18 per diluted share. These results also

2004 was the most challenging year Group 1 Automotive has faced in its seven years as a public company. A variety of factors, including a slowly recovering economy, new vehicle oversupply and increased competition in certain markets, combined to create a difficult operating environment that placed pressure on our margins. While your company remained solidly profitable, our financial results did not measure up to our expectations or our historical standards. Even so, we remained true to our proven strategy and recorded several key accomplishments that position us well for the future.
2004 Report Card

Group 1 achieved record revenues of $5.4 billion during 2004, an increase of 20.3 percent from the previous year. This increase was primarily attributable to acquisitions. These record revenues also produced record gross profit of $831.8 million, an increase of 15.0 percent from $723.4 million in 2003. Same store revenues increased 2.5 percent, compared to a 2.8 percent decline in 2003. Gross margin declined year over year by 70 basis points, from 16.0 percent to 15.3 percent, reflecting the combined effect of margin declines in new vehicles and parts and service. New vehicle gross margins were negatively affected by increased competition brought about by the heavy incentives automobile manufacturers used to stimulate consumer demand. In parts and service, an increase in our lower margin wholesale parts business in relation to our service and collision businesses had a negative impact on gross margins.

2
Group 1 Automotive, Inc.
2004 Annual Report

include a charge of $0.17 per diluted share associated with the March redemption of all of our 10 7/8% senior subordinated notes. We generated $82.3 million in cash from operating activities during the year. We finished the year with a total long-term debt-tocapitalization ratio of 29.9 percent. In July, we expanded our existing syndicated revolving credit facility from $775.0 million to $937.0 million with additional commitments from some of the lenders in the facility. These additions increased Group 1's total commitments under its various credit facilities to $1.2 billion. As of December 31, 2004, our total availability under our various credit facilities was approximately $313.4 million. Our strong balance sheet, ample availability and the continued support from our lenders will allow us to continue to pursue attractive investments on behalf of our stockholders.
Investing Capital Wisely

upgrades at existing stores and the expansion of our parts and service facilities. Since 2001, we have added 200 service bays to our existing and acquired facilities, an increase of about 10 percent on a same store basis.
Geographic, Brand and Revenue Diversity

Our expansion into new markets during 2004 reinforced our commitment to our geographic diversity. As a result of acquisitions in Sacramento, San Diego and Beverly Hills, the California market accounted for 15.5 percent of our new vehicle unit sales during 2004, up from 11.9 percent in 2003. Our acquisitions in the New Jersey and New York markets contributed 2.9 percent and 1.1 percent, respectively, of our new vehicle unit sales during their first partial year of operation. In 2004, we consolidated our Albuquerque and Denver platforms into the new Rocky Mountain Automotive Group. We now own and operate 96 dealerships in 15 platforms across 11 states. In addition to geographic diversity, brand diversity is another key element of Group 1's strategy. No single brand accounted for more than 23 percent of new vehicle unit sales in 2004. Out of our 33 total brand offerings, our top sellers in 2004 were Toyota/Scion, Ford and Nissan. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to shift our brand mix toward highermargin import and luxury vehicles. In 2004, import and luxury vehicles accounted for 45 percent and 14 percent of our new vehicle unit sales, respectively, contrasted with 43 percent and 12 percent in 2003. Maintaining a diverse, interrelated revenue mix of new vehicles, used vehicles, parts and service, and finance and insurance is another important element of Group 1's strategy. Revenue growth in all four of these businesses in 2004 was due primarily to acquisitions, although we also realized same

We continued to invest our stockholders' capital wisely, primarily through strategic acquisitions and capital investments in our existing operations. Acquisition activity was brisk and fruitful in 2004, as we added 23 franchises with expected annual revenues of approximately $1.2 billion. In doing so, we shifted our brand mix to include a greater percentage of import and luxury vehicles. We entered highly attractive new markets in 2004 through the acquisition of three platforms in California, New Jersey and New York. We also acquired seven tuck-in franchises and opened two add-points in California, Massachusetts and Texas. We also continued to invest in our dealerships. During 2004, we invested $47.4 million in our facilities. These investments included the construction of new dealerships,

3
Group 1 Automotive, Inc.
2004 Annual Report

store revenue increases in new vehicles and parts and service despite the tough operating environment. New vehicle revenues grew 22.3 percent to $3.3 billion, as unit sales increased 18.0 percent year over year to nearly 118,000. This growth was primarily due to the acquisitions mentioned above. New vehicle gross margin fell from 7.3 percent to 7.1 percent year over year. Despite this decline, due in part to an increase in the average selling price per vehicle, gross profit per unit retailed actually increased slightly, from $2,001 to $2,007. On a same store basis, new vehicle unit sales were up 0.6 percent year over year, although gross profit per retail unit sold declined by 2.1 percent, from $2,002 to $1,960. These lower per unit profits were due to excess supply and heavy manufacturer incentives, which included large rebates and long-term, low- or no-interest financing, resulting in intense price competition and comparison shopping among consumers. New vehicle sales accounted for 61.6 percent of revenues and 28.5 percent of gross profit. Used vehicle retail revenues grew 11.8 percent to $988.8 million from the prior year due largely to a 5.8 percent increase in unit sales, again reflecting acquisitions. Gross profit per retail unit sold increased 6.9 percent, from $1,699 to $1,816. On a same store basis, used vehicle retail unit sales fell 4.5 percent year over year, as consumers were attracted to new vehicles by heavy manufacturer incentives. This required us to sell a larger percentage of our used vehicles in the wholesale market than in the prior year. Our same store wholesale loss per unit sold also increased from $140 to $179. This increase in wholesale activity, coupled with the increase in wholesale loss per unit, served to offset the increase in retail gross profit per unit noted above. As a result, our total adjusted retail gross margin remained flat at 11.3 percent. Total used vehicle sales accounted for 24.8 percent of the company's total revenues and 13.5 percent of gross profit. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our parts and service business. Total parts and service revenues increased 21.3 percent from $466.0 million to $565.2 million, primarily due to acquisitions. Same store revenues from this high-margin offering grew 3.2 percent

year over year. Overall, parts and service contributed 10.4 percent of revenues and 37.3 percent of gross profit. Group 1's total finance and insurance revenues increased 5.9 percent to $172.9 million from the previous year due to acquisitions. However, net profit per retail unit declined to $938 from $1,003 in 2003 due in part to our acquisitions of luxury franchises, which tend to have lower average finance and insurance net revenues per retail unit than our existing non-luxury dealerships. In 2004, we arranged retail financing in more than 70 percent of our vehicle sales transactions and sold vehicle service contracts in more than 35 percent. Our finance and insurance transactions accounted for 3.2 percent of total company revenues and 20.8 percent of gross profit.
Looking Ahead

2004 showed that our industry is not immune to occasional tough times. If we were managing Group 1 for the short term, we might have been discouraged by our results. But we are in an enviable position in a terrific business, and we remain excited about the future of automotive retailing. Automotive retailing is a large segment of the national economy, accounting for more than $1 trillion in annual sales, yet it remains extremely fragmented. There are approximately 22,000 dealerships in the United States, with the top 10 dealership groups comprising less than 8 percent of total industry sales. This presents Group 1 with enormous growth potential. Our challenge ahead lies not in our ability to grow. Rather, it lies in our ability to effectively manage our existing operations, while growing smartly and profitably--not sacrificing earnings-per-share growth for revenue growth. I am proud of the record we have built investing our stockholders' capital prudently and pledge to continue doing just that. Acquiring outstanding dealerships does little good without the ability to efficiently integrate them into our operations. While we will still look for attractive acquisition candidates that meet our stringent criteria--and there are plenty of them out there--a major focus in 2005 will be integrating the $1.2 billion in revenues we acquired in 2004. We will continue to employ our proven strategy of centralizing functions only where it provides material cost savings or

4
Group 1 Automotive, Inc.
2004 Annual Report

revenue enhancements. Our dealerships will continue to operate in a largely decentralized structure as warranted for their unique markets because local management knows their markets best. We will also continue to focus on improving our operating leverage through innovative endeavors such as the one we undertook in our Dallas platform. In conjunction with DaimlerChrysler's Alpha Initiative, we consolidated four franchises at three dealerships into three franchises at one dealership. This resulted in improved sales and margins. Acquisitions aren't the only way we plan to grow. We will continue to invest in our existing stores through facility expansions, including new service bays to grow our highermargin parts and service business, and through advanced training in all areas of our company, including sales, service, and finance and insurance.
Thanks and Recognition

I would also like to recognize H. Clifford Buster III, Group 1's vice president of corporate development, and his team for spearheading our efforts to ensure compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The dedication shown by Cliff and his team is representative of all of our 8,800 employees. In my travels to Group 1 dealerships throughout the country, I am constantly impressed by the professionalism and service-oriented attitude of the co-workers I meet. In a service business like ours, our employees give us a distinct competitive advantage. I thank them for their contributions to our company. I would also like to recognize the Sterling McCall Automotive Group for being named Group 1's Most Valuable Platform for 2004. The award is based on a variety of performance benchmarks including customer satisfaction, profit contribution and other financial and operational measures. The platform is led by Lee Oden, platform president, who oversees seven franchises with 2004 annual revenues of more than $675 million. This is the first time the platform has won the MVP award. As always, I end this letter with a special note of thanks to you, our stockholders. The confidence you have placed in us is something we know we have to earn every day, and we intend to keep doing so. I look forward to updating you on our progress next year as we continue to create the future in automotive retailing.

We welcomed several new people to our management team in 2004. In the second quarter, Robert T. Ray joined Group 1 as senior vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer, Joseph C. Herman came on board as senior vice president, operations and G. Wade Stubblefield was appointed vice president and corporate controller. In the third quarter, we added Peter C. DeLongchamps as vice president, manufacturer relations, followed by Jeffrey M. Cameron as vice president, legal counsel. These officers have already made important contributions to the company. We also welcomed three new platform presidents in 2004: David Levy of the David Michael Motor Group in New Jersey, Michael Dellaquila of the Hassel Auto Group in New York and Chuck Peterson of the Peterson Automotive Group in California. These experienced automotive retailing executives add tremendous industry insight to our leadership team.

B.B. Hollingsworth, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Group 1 Automotive, Inc. March 16, 2005

5
Group 1 Automotive, Inc.
2004 Annual Report

