//
"
Earl J. Hesterberg President and Chief Executive Officer // 02

The hard work of our team, and the implementation of our strategic initiatives, resulted in solid performance improvements during 2006.

"

DEAR STOCKHOLDERS:
It is a pleasure to write to you and share the highlights of an eventful 2006 for Group 1 Automotive. Consistent with the automotive gear-shift pictured on the cover of this year's annual report, 2006 was a year when our company shifted into a higher gear relative to the more efficient operation of our group of more than 100 dealerships. I am also pleased that our key financial metrics, especially our return to stockholders for 2006, demonstrated a significant degree of acceleration. We began 2006 with a new operating model designed to create greater control and uniformity relative to our dealership operating practices. We consolidated 13 operating platforms into four operating regions, each led by a Regional Vice President reporting directly to me. Not only were the savings associated with this change significant, but this regional operating structure also enabled us to further streamline our operations all the way down to the dealership department level. Consistent with our drive for greater operating uniformity, we selected ADP as the sole supplier of our dealership management systems. This consolidates our dealership management computer systems from three suppliers to one, generating significant cost savings, as well as establishing a key element in our commonization strategy. By the end of 2006, we had nearly 90 percent of our dealerships on the ADP system. Other important operating systems were also commonized in 2006. This included our used vehicle management software system, which we completed installing in the first quarter of 2006, with noticeable used car improvements already being achieved as a result. We also implemented a common payroll system that is helping improve the management of our most important asset, our people. Finally, we began the implementation of a standard chart of accounts across all of our dealerships, which will enable us to benchmark revenue and cost performance effectively, even when comparing a Ford dealership with a BMW dealership. We have much work to do in 2007 to further increase our operating efficiency, standardize our operating practices and leverage the scale of our company, but a solid foundation for these efforts has now been established.

//2006 AR

Although it is critical to standardize many of our operating practices and increase our operating efficiency, we continue to place a high degree of emphasis on the quality of our people. Entrepreneurial spirit and local market knowledge are critical to success in automotive retailing. One of the key personnel development practices we implemented in 2006 was a focus on "promoting from within" at our Market Director and dealership General Manager levels. This strategy provides our top performers with greater career opportunities within the company, and our standardization of key operating practices enables this by allowing us to more effectively move people within the Group 1 organization. Continuing with the theme of the importance of people, we were also able to dramatically strengthen our corporate headquarters team during 2006. We promoted one of Group 1's original team members, Randy Callison, to Senior Vice President of Operations and Corporate Development. This integrates our dealership acquisition and disposal function with the organization responsible for operating our dealerships under someone with the detailed knowledge of our company, as well as the general automotive market in the United States. Our other Senior Vice President, John Rickel, served his first full year as Chief Financial Officer of Group 1 after a successful 21-year career with Ford Motor Company. John came to Group 1 with experience in automotive retailing and a broad background in corporate finance, which enabled him to provide an immediate, significant impact on our company. We also added very experienced personnel as our General Counsel, Vice President of Fixed Operations and Vice President of Purchasing, which better prepares us to manage our fast-growing business. On the subject of fast growing, we significantly increased the pace of acquisitions in 2006. This, following a year of integrating and improving our existing operations. In 2006, we acquired approximately $732 million in annualized revenues primarily in the area of import and luxury brands. On the disposition front, we disposed of dealerships with $198 million of annualized revenues in 2006. These were dealerships that were not generating adequate returns and were primarily domestic brand stores. During 2006, as a result of the dealerships we acquired and disposed of, our brand mix shifted to approximately 70 percent import and luxury and 30 percent domestic from approximately 38 percent domestic at the end of 2005. We have targeted to further increase this mix to be at least 75 percent import/luxury by the end of 2007. This shift should impact Group 1's same-store new vehicle sales growth, which has been relatively flat due to the declining performance of the key domestic automotive brands in recent years and, in conjunction with our continuing focus on used vehicles and parts and service, should support better overall same-store results in the future.

The hard work of our team, and the implementation of the actions mentioned above, resulted in some solid performance improvements in key operating metrics during 2006. These include:  Significant cost reduction with our total SG&A as a percent of gross profit improving by 280 basis points to 76.7 percent.  Significant used vehicle operational improvement with a 3.4 percent increase in retail revenues and an improvement of 60 basis points in our overall margin to 9.7 percent.  Increases in our operating margin and pretax margin by 60 basis points and 50 basis points, respectively.  An increase in our earnings per share of 25 percent to $3.62 per diluted share. Furthermore, we were able to achieve two very positive outcomes for you, our stockholders. These were:  The initiation of our first common stock cash dividend in the first quarter of the year at $0.13 per share. During the second quarter, this dividend was increased to $0.14, and has remained at that level for each subsequent quarter.  A 65 percent increase in our stock price, as our stock price grew from $31.43 on the first day of the year to close at $51.72 on December 29. Our 8,785 employees were the ones who made the difference in 2006 and drove our business improvements. We ask them to "think like stockholders" and they have done so. In fact, a large number of our employees have become stockholders by investing their own money in GPI common stock through our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. We have 2,145 employees participating in the plan owning shares valued at approximately $13.9 million. As I have described, 2006 was a meaningful year for our company. However, the year became more challenging in the second half as the overall market weakened slightly and the domestic brands continued to lose increasing amounts of market share. We have more work to do to continue to improve our performance in every area. We now have a highly-experienced team working within a well-defined business structure and operating strategy that should enable us to continue to build on our 2006 successes in 2007 and the years ahead. I would like to thank all of you for your interest and confidence in our company and we will continue to do our best to work on your behalf. Sincerely,

Earl J. Hesterberg President and Chief Executive Officer Group 1 Automotive, Inc.
// 03

