                Dear Shareholders,
When I first took on the role of CEO at Gap Inc. in February of last year, I told you that I was very optimistic about the future of this company. I felt strongly then – as I do now – that we have great brands with enormous potential. Reaching that potential means taking on some significant work, which we have embraced with urgency, putting a strong foundation in place that will fuel our progress in 2016 and beyond.
We are on a journey, one that requires us to be highly adaptable amidst unprecedented change in our industry, with radically new shopping options and behaviors. What gives me conviction about the future is how we are doing the right work to realize our fullest potential across our brands.
Three core priorities guide our leadership team, along with our more than 140,000 employees throughout the world: product, experience and talent.
I’ll start with product, because quite simply, creating products that people love is what this company is all about. I know from talking to our customers that a shirt or pair of jeans means something to them and can inspire deep affection for our brands. We have made significant changes to our product engine to become more consistent, true to our brand aesthetics and responsive to trends and demand. Through our supply chain initiatives, we have improved everything from fit to quality to speed.
Old Navy has not just developed, but proven our new product model, with four consecutive years of growth. Now we are applying these processes across our portfolio, and I’m very confident about where they are taking us.
This spring, Gap has been delivering a fresh, inspired take on its brand essence – casual, optimistic, American – with collections that include a return to its iconic denim, including a rich assortment of on-trend silhouettes, washes and fabrications. Banana Republic has done deep work to reconnect with customers and deliver what makes them loyal to the brand – contemporary classics that are well-made and versatile, both of the moment and enduring.
With Athleta’s continued success at the leading edge of performance and lifestyle, and Intermix’s covetable designer collections, I believe our brands don’t just have compelling and unique identities, but are well- positioned to deliver what our customers want and expect.

                Beyond our product collections, we continue to focus on providing customers with a powerful shopping experience – however they choose to engage with us. We see great opportunity to strengthen our relationship with them whether they are scrolling through their phones, strolling through our stores, or using multiple touchpoints, all in the course of a single buying decision. As we continue to create seamless capabilities across channels, we have one overarching goal – to bring our strong brand experiences to the forefront so that we build lasting connections with our customers.
Creating these connections is at the heart of our business, and it can only happen through people. Their creativity, drive, commitment and collaboration give life to everything we do. Not only is talent one of our top priorities – it makes our other priorities possible. And I am committed to ensuring that we have the best talent in the industry, in every part of our business.
Just as our people give us an incalculable advantage, so does the fact that we care as much about how we do business as what we do. Earlier this year, we were honored to receive the 2016 Catalyst Award in recognition of our commitment to equality, diversity and inclusion. This commitment dates back to 1969, when our co-founders, Doris and Don Fisher, opened the first Gap store as equal partners. I feel strongly that the culture they created doesn’t just make us a better place to work, but a better company.
For this reason and many others, I feel privileged to lead Gap Inc. and believe as much as ever that our best days are ahead of us. We took important steps in 2015, rebuilding critical aspects of our business to position us for the future. Our growth prospects across channels, as well as geographies such as China, continue to be extremely strong, while our current focus on product will enable us to regain market share in North America.
We still have more work ahead of us, but I know what we are capable of, and I am convinced we are on
the right path. More than 40 years ago, we helped to reshape retail, and today as our industry goes through another transformation, the opportunity is ours to seize.
Art Peck
Chief Executive Officer Gap Inc.
    