To Our Shareholders,
Fiscal 2006 was a difficult year. Certainly there were positive develop- ments—including continued progress at Banana Republic, the launch of Piperlime and the opening of new Gap franchise locations around the world. But these were overshadowed by performance at Gap and Old Navy.
Importantly, we came out of 2006 with a clear consensus for significant change in our business, and the urgency to take immediate action. With nearly 30 years of professional history here, I am well aware of what this company is capable of. We have tremendous upside to our business when we get the product right and I’m confident that with the best work of our talented teams, we will regain our momentum.
Many of the changes we’re making this year are focused on our two largest brands, Gap and Old Navy, each of which delivered poor results in 2006. While our full-year net sales were level with fiscal 2005, at
$15.9 billion, we increased our expenses during the year with the expec- tation that revenues would rise. When customers did not respond well
to product, our merchandise margins suffered. As a result, net earnings came in at $778 million compared to $1.1 billion in fiscal 2005. Earnings per share were $0.93 cents for the year, compared to $1.24 a year earlier.
2007 Priorities
When I took on the role of interim CEO in January of this year, I vowed to reinvigorate creativity and simplify the organization. Throughout Gap Inc.’s history it has always been the passion and determination of our people that has driven our success. Today is no different. So while the changes now in progress are significant, I believe our employees understand and welcome this opportunity to push forward and re-establish Gap Inc. as an industry leader.
We have entered 2007 with serious challenges—and results will
take time. But we are well underway in our focus on three priorities: stabilize Gap and Old Navy; put the right leaders in place; and reshape our organization.
8 Letter to Shareholders

Implicit in all three is the need to improve our financial performance and deliver an acceptable return to you, our shareholders.
Gap and Old Navy
Our first priority is to fix our core business. We must rebuild Gap and Old Navy and return them to premiere positions in the marketplace. We need to do a better job of identifying the target customer and delivering the right product.
At Gap, we have a clear sense of our BabyGap, GapKids and GapBody customers and we’ve seen positive momentum in these businesses because we are delivering the right product in store environments that speak distinctly to them. But at Gap adult we’ve defined our target customer too broadly and that, in part, is what hurt our performance
in 2006. Today’s specialty retailers have a much narrower focus, and consumers are exposed to more selective, niche marketing. Moving forward, we are committed to establishing a clear point of view for the brand. We will communicate more consistently based on Gap’s iconic casual heritage.
We believe the primary challenge at Old Navy is somewhat different. While we’re still assessing, we know we must develop great product with enticing marketing, pricing and inventory strategies and act on them decisively. Old Navy operates in one of our most competitive markets, and we cannot be as tentative as we became in the past two years. Moving forward, we will stand strong behind key product trends each season, and back our big ideas with the right inventory investments, visual merchandising and all elements of marketing. It is these kinds
of well-executed ideas that helped Old Navy become the first retailer to hit $1 billion in less than 4 years. There is still great potential in Old Navy, and I believe we can re-capture the unique retail experience that we broke ground with more than 13 years ago.
In short, the simple fact is that we need to know our customer and then give them the right product in appealing store environments. We know that when we align these factors, we drive results. We’ve done it before;
Letter to Shareholders 9

in 2003, for example, Gap and Old Navy helped drive a four-point improvement in gross margins and our earnings more than doubled year-over-year.
Rebuilding Management Strength
Our second priority is to retain, develop and recruit the best talent in
the industry, particularly in key creative positions like design and merchan- dising. Many of our issues were underscored by not having the right leaders in key positions. This hurt our performance, and we lost too
many talented people.
New challenges require new leadership and we’ve made some necessary changes. We have reassigned and recruited experienced leaders to tackle critical priorities, and we’re stabilizing our senior management team.
Meanwhile, we are searching our industry for senior executives who have already proven they possess the retail apparel management expertise
we need to move our business forward. This includes the search for a permanent CEO.
Another critical area that is very close to my heart is fostering a culture where creativity can flourish. We need to be intuitive as well as analytical. We also need to simplify the way we work—which brings me to our
third priority.
Reshaping the Organization
Our cost structure has grown considerably over the last several years, both in the brands and at the corporate center. We made investments that we thought would set us up for future growth—but that growth has not materialized. In addition, we became overly bureaucratic.
We need to simplify our work and reduce our cost structure in order to be competitive and react more quickly in our retail environment. We need to empower each of our brands to make decisions that are appropriate for their customers. We need to rebuild a leaner corporate center and bring autonomy to each business. In short, we have to prepare ourselves to work faster in an increasingly competitive and ever-changing marketplace.
 10 Letter to Shareholders

Along with simplifying our work, we’re aggressively looking at ways to reduce costs across the organization. We’ve already made important decisions to manage expenses while helping us focus on our existing businesses. In February, for example, we announced that we will close our Forth & Towne concept after an 18-month test. This was a very difficult decision, but it became clear that we have more upside potential in restoring Gap and Old Navy.
That said, we have always opened new frontiers at Gap Inc. We are committed to maintaining momentum in other areas of the business
that demonstrate appropriate return rates. We are pleased to be bringing Gap and Banana Republic to new customers in global markets through international franchising, and we’re excited by the launch of Piperlime, our online shoe store.
Looking Ahead
This is an exciting time to be leading Gap Inc., and I’m personally committed to taking the decisive actions necessary to stabilize and grow the business. It’s clear that it will take time, and that our invest- ments in turning around the business may affect our operating margin for at least another year.
But equally clear is that this company still has great potential. We have powerful brands with proven track records. We have passionate people who are determined to see those brands back on top. We have great real estate and a strong balance sheet. We have been tested before and demonstrated our ability to overcome adversity. I believe we will
do it again. Along with Gap Inc.’s Board of Directors and management team, I am committed to steering our company on a new course to increase shareholder value in the future.
Sincerely,
 Robert J. Fisher
Chairman of the Board
Interim President and Chief Executive Officer
Letter to Shareholders 11
