To our Shareholders:
The following is Freddie Mac's annual report for 2002. As you know, 2003 was an especially diÇcult year for the company and, as a consequence, we are late issuing the 2002 annual report. We very much regret the delay. Throughout the past year, we have worked to complete the restatement of Ñnancial results for 2000, 2001 and 2002 and provide you the information as quickly as possible, but our guiding principle has been to ensure that we did not sacriÑce accuracy for the sake of speed. This was part of our two-track strategy to complete the review of Ñnancial processes and controls, while maintaining business performance and focus on our mission.
In November 2003, Freddie Mac issued its restated results. As restated, Freddie Mac's net income for 2002 was $10.09 billion, or $14.18 per diluted common share. The company reported regulatory core capital of $28.99 billion as of December 31, 2002, and stockholders' equity at that date was $31.33 billion. While these results were presented publicly in November, the complete restated Ñnancial results are discussed in detail in the pages that follow.
Industry Environment
Despite the issues surrounding the company's Ñnancial reporting, as our restated results demonstrate, 2002 was a good year for Freddie Mac's underlying business. First, in the midst of a sluggish U.S. and global economy, the U.S. housing market and the mortgage Ñnance industry were key drivers for American economic growth. The availability of low-cost mortgage Ñnancing in 2002 helped millions of American families purchase a home for the Ñrst time or move up to a larger home, and enabled millions of other American families to reÑnance their mortgages at lower interest rates and save substantial amounts of money, which helped keep the U.S. economy moving forward.
America's homeownership level reached 67.9 percent in 2002 Ó a new high. Spurred by the lowest interest rates in a generation, American families borrowed record amounts of mortgage credit in 2002. An all-time- high of approximately $2.6 trillion in single-family mortgages were originated in 2002. That volume of economic activity simply would not have been possible without a vibrant and liquid secondary mortgage market.
2002 Business Performance
In 2002, Freddie Mac maintained its Ñnancial safety and soundness, while Ñnancing record numbers of homes.
Freddie Mac's capital levels remained well above required minimum levels, and our interest-rate risk levels remained low, in spite of a turbulent interest-rate environment. The restatement did not have a signiÑcant eÅect on Freddie Mac's previously reported monthly interest-rate risk sensitivity disclosures. As restated, for December 2002, the company's reported portfolio market value sensitivity, or PMVS, measure improved slightly to 2.3 percent (from the previously reported Ñgure for 2002) and its reported duration gap, measured in months, remained unchanged at zero.
In 2002, Freddie Mac Ñnanced 4.2 million single-family homes and 330,000 multifamily apartments Ì more than ever before. Freddie Mac's single-family purchase volume reached a record total of $548 billion. Early in 2002, Freddie Mac's single-family servicing portfolio reached $1 trillion in unpaid principal balances. A short time later, we added the 10 millionth loan to our portfolio.
The company also continued to serve its mission of bringing quality, aÅordable housing within the reach of more and more of America's families. In 2002, for the seventh consecutive year, Freddie Mac met all aÅordable housing goals set by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, or HUD. The company Ñnanced homes for nearly 2.5 million low- and moderate-income families and families living in underserved areas of the country. Under HUD's regulations, 51 percent of the homes Ñnanced by Freddie Mac were for low- and moderate-income families; 32 percent of the homes we Ñnanced were in underserved areas. In 2002, Freddie Mac exceeded its special aÅordable housing goal of 20 percent of mortgage purchases. The company also purchased $5.01 billion of qualifying multifamily mortgages, exceeding the requirement for multifamily purchases of $2.11 billion.
February 2004

2003 and Beyond
As I mentioned, 2003 was a diÇcult year, but Freddie Mac begins 2004 on solid footing, and I believe that these are promising times for your company. I am particularly pleased that we began the new year with a new Chief Executive OÇcer and Chairman of the Board Ó Richard Syron.
Dick brings to Freddie Mac a wealth of experience in the three cornerstones of our business: housing, Ñnance and public policy. Most recently, as executive chairman of Thermo Electron Corporation, Dick demonstrated his vision and hands-on management skills as he transformed a company with a wide variety of business interests into a streamlined organization keenly focused on delivering substantial shareholder value. Earlier in his career, Dick served as chairman and chief executive oÇcer of the American Stock Exchange; as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston; as president of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston; as a senior aide to the Federal Reserve chairman; and as a senior Treasury Department oÇcial.
It has been my privilege to serve as chairman of Freddie Mac's Board during the past year. I am proud to turn over the reins to Dick, who shares with our Board and management the same Ñerce commitment to Freddie Mac's chartered mission to make housing Ñnance more aÅordable for American families.
I would like to say a word of thanks to the dedicated employees of Freddie Mac, who worked tirelessly to complete the restatement and continue to serve our vital mission.
On behalf of the Board and Freddie Mac's employees, I also want to thank you for your support during the past year. Together, we will work every day to earn your trust as we continue to carry out our mission to make the dream of owning a home a reality for every American family.
Sincerely,
Shaun F. O'Malley
Presiding Director, Freddie Mac Board of Directors
 