 Dear Shareholders,
I’m proud to present my fifth Annual Report for Gap Inc.
Looking back over the past five years, amid many changing market dynamics, what stands out to me is our firm com- mitment to the strategy that we began to seed in 2007 and that has been evolving ever since.
In my first annual report, I wrote that “Our long-term strategy is anchored on
maximizing the earnings potential of our brands and taking advantage of the many opportunities through our Outlet, inter- national and online businesses.”
I’m pleased that we made further progress against our strategy last year. While doing so, we had to fine tune the performance of our domestic business, as we managed through some unique macro events.
Although we were disappointed by our overall financial results, including an earnings decline for the first time since 2006, all of us at Gap Inc. remain stead- fast in our commitment to increasing shareholder value.
What you will see in this annual report
is the further realization of our vision:
Sharing American Style Around the World.
continued
2011 gap inc. annual report

Growth
     ToTAl numbeR of sToRes 3,263
“Our distinctively American aesthetic has resonated very well, everywhere from Milan to Shanghai to Sydney.”
stephen sunnucks
President, international
 
“We win when we deliver the right balance of occasions, style, design and quality that our customer expects.”
Julie Rosen
SVP, merchandising, Banana republic
2011 gap inc. annual report
      Chile

letter to Shareholders
At Gap Inc., we own brands, not just stores. We compete against other global retailers in our home market and around the world, with the intention of standing out to consumers by offering a clear and consistent interpretation of American style across our distinct brands. Over the last year, a consider- able amount of work within our design and merchandising organizations has gone into improving our ability to deliver on this goal, especially as we head into 2012.
Our competitive advantage lies in offering our global customers widespread access to our product, regardless
of their shopping preferences. We achieve that through
our strategy of operating multiple brands, through multiple channels and across multiple geographies. This powerful combination sets the stage for future sales and earnings opportunities.
To deliver on this potential, in 2011, we made a number of significant organizational changes. More and more, custom- ers shop across channels within a brand, so we brought together our Outlet and specialty divisions last year. This has produced great synergies within Gap and Banana Republic.
It is also enabling us to identify the ideal store mix in each market; for example, we’re in the process of rebalancing our fleet of Gap stores by reducing the specialty and increasing the Outlet expressions of the brand in North America.
At Gap, we’ve also brought our creative talent together under one roof in New York to deliver a “global-local” approach to the business. The Gap Global Creative Center sets a singular vision for our product and marketing around the world, while also providing an ability to localize for
the specific needs of our customers. We share ideas directly between our design and marketing teams, who work side-by- side with our merchants for International and North America. The first product line from this new team, along with the corresponding “Be Bright” marketing campaign, arrived in stores at the beginning of the 2012 fiscal year.
At Old Navy, we adjusted both the product and marketing strategies towards the end of the year. We introduced a new marketing platform – Funnovations, Inc. – that premiered during Holiday 2011, and that we plan to continue in 2012. We branched out into a new category with a successful licensing

partnership with the National Football League to offer fans products of their favorite teams at their neighborhood
Old Navy store. We remodeled another 100 Old Navy stores, most of which are downsizes that create the right shopping environment for customers.
At Banana Republic, the men’s business is maintaining its winning streak and the brand applied those learnings to improve the women’s product over the course of 2011, leading to stronger results. The brand’s marketing now brings its versatile work focus to life, highlighting modern, covetable options that take customers from desk to dinner. Among our most buzz-worthy marketing campaigns was the partnership with the popular American television show, “Mad Men.”
2011 was a landmark year for our newest brand, Athleta.
Building upon the successful catalog and online business with extremely loyal customers, we opened eight more retail locations across the U.S., where female athletes can build community and inspire one another. We’ll keep expanding, with plans to reach 50 stores in 2013, and we launched our first national marketing campaign, called “Power to the She.”
At Piperlime, we continued our evolution from an exclusive shoe website to offering a wider range of products with the intention of becoming the “antidote to the department store” for shoppers seeking fresh and localized offerings. We’ve grown our apparel assortment for women, and added men’s clothing.
Once again, a stand-out performer for Gap Inc. was our Direct business, which grew more than 20 percent. Through our online strategy of shipping product to 90 countries in all and enabling customers to shop from every one of our brands at once, our online revenue exceeded $1.5 billion in 2011. We’re on the path to our goal of $2 billion in revenue from our Direct division by 2014.
Innovation is key to the success of online, and this year marked yet another year of customer-focused initiatives that received incremental investments. Some of the accomplishments include: deploying a number of new tools to allow customers to shop more easily from any location, including their smart phones; establishing a new distribution center in the western United States to better serve our North American customers; and stepping up targeted and personalized online marketing.
continued
2011 gap inc. annual report

 Customers
“We have a powerful global ecommerce platform and five incredible brands to drive global online growth.”
Toby lenk
President, gap inc. direct
  39 counTRies
sToRes in
 
2011 gap inc. annual report
         “To drive a meaningful change in product and marketing, we’ll deliver one global product
vision to our customers
around the world.”
Pam Wallack
eVP, gap global creative center

letter to Shareholders
Customers can now experience our brands and touch our products in 39 countries, up from just six countries in 2007. To fuel our growth and scale the business further in coming years, we made an organizational shift and established one International division, led out of London. With other head- quarter offices in Tokyo and Shanghai, this new structure strikes a great balance of having experienced Gap Inc. execu- tives from North America working alongside talented regional hires to drive the business forward.
The franchise business continues to grow at a fast rate, with a 45 percent increase in net sales year-over-year.
In 2011, we launched in eight new franchise countries, including Chile, our first South American nation. We opened the doors to more than 50 new Gap and Banana Republic franchise stores, for a total of 227 by year end, on our way to our target of 400 by 2014.
China, the world’s second largest apparel market, represents a major component of our global growth strategy, building momentum following our first store openings in 2010. With a total of 14 stores now in China, including our Hong Kong
flagship that opened in November and new locations in HangZhou and Tianjin, we expect to have a fleet of about 45 stores by the end of fiscal year 2012. Since launching an ecommerce site last year, online orders have been logged from over 330 cities in China.
Of our three established core brands, Old Navy is the only one without a store presence beyond North America. After a thoughtful planning process in 2011, that is about to change. Old Navy is on track to expand outside North America with its first company-owned store in Japan in mid-2012.
At the heart of our company, our people and our values set us apart. These values were put to the test by the devastating earthquake and tsunami that occurred in Japan on March 11. In the midst of the emotional shock and physical destruction of this tragedy, we went through the deliberate process of ensuring that our 6,000 employees and their families were safe. Once that was confirmed, we selectively opened stores in communities that needed access to clothing, and donated more than $1 million worth of clothing and five percent of sales in Japan for a period of time to the recovery efforts.

Proceeds were also contributed from a limited edition t-shirt created by our product teams in North America.
We take seriously the responsibility to assist the global communities we serve. In my role as chairman of Gap Foundation’s Board of Trustees, it’s inspiring to see that our employees increased their number of volunteer hours to 433,000.
We were also proud that the Gap Inc. P.A.C.E. (Personal Advancement & Career Enhancement) program to help female garment workers was recognized by the Clinton Global Initiative as an exemplary approach to women’s economic empowerment. It was especially fitting that Bob Fisher received the honor from former President Bill Clinton given his involvement in the development of the program.
All of us at Gap Inc. continue to draw strength from the Fisher Family. A notable highlight of 2011 was the induction of our founders, Doris and Don Fisher, into the California Hall of Fame. Doris accepted the award in recognition of their transformation of retail, and their contributions to our communities, to education, and to the arts.
In fact, the passion and character of our founders set a high bar for our management team, our leaders and our 132,000 employees. A day seldom passes when their ability to win while creating a company with a heart isn’t top of mind.
Looking ahead to 2012, we’re determined to take the lessons from the past and apply them to what lies ahead. The opportunity to grow our brands and our divisions – both in North America and globally – drives round-the-clock efforts to return Gap Inc. to a high level of performance.
I will be excited to report back to you with our progress a year from now.
Glenn Murphy
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
2011 gap inc. annual report
   