                                          I AM DELIGHTED WITH THE OUTSTANDING WORK
of our management team and employees worldwide. Their efforts are restoring our company’s financial health and the vitality of our brands, and preparing Gap Inc. for long-term growth. Under the leadership of President and CEO Paul Pressler, their progress is evident when shopping the improved product assortments in our stores, and when looking at our performance for fiscal 2003.
 message to shareholders
FROM CHAIRMAN AND FOUNDER DONALD G. FISHER
  Gap Inc. celebrates its 35th anniversary in 2004, and I’m more confident than ever about our prospects. With the company stronger, I’ve decided to step down as Chairman in May 2004. As I said when first announcing my decision late last year, I can’t think of a more appropriate time. I plan to stay on the Board as
a director, and will continue as an advisor and employee of the company in the role of Founder and Chairman Emeritus.
The Board appointed Robert J. Fisher as our new non-executive Chairman, effective following the company’s annual meeting of shareholders in May. The appointment was based on the recommendation of the Board’s Governance, Nominating and Social Responsibility Committee; only independent directors comprise the committee. Bob worked in various operating roles in the company for 19 years before resigning in 1999. He has served as a director since 1990.
In addition to maintaining separate Chairman and CEO roles, as we have since 1995, the company continues to strengthen its corporate governance practices, including increasing Board independence. In 2003, the Board named former Wal-Mart executive Bob L. Martin as its Lead Independent Director, and we added three new independent directors—former Starbucks
Corporation executive Howard Behar; Meg Whitman, President and CEO of eBay, Inc.; and Jim Schneider, Senior Vice President and CFO of Dell, Inc. I’m also pleased that Procter & Gamble executive Jorge Montoya joined our Board in March 2004 as an independent director.
Charles Schwab, a director since 1986, has decided not to stand for re-election in 2004. As a director and former Chairman of our Audit and Finance Committee, Mr. Schwab has been a tremendous asset and a valued resource throughout his tenure. On behalf of the Board and the company, I thank him for his service.
When I think of our 35th anniversary, I’m enormously proud of our company’s heritage. But I’m even more excited about our future. I created Gap with a simple idea: to make it easier for customers, including myself, to shop for clothes they wanted to wear. Today, more than ever, our company is committed to making it easy for people to express their personal style, while also delivering quality earnings and long- term value to our shareholders. s
Donald G. Fisher Chairman and Founder
     GAP INC. 2003 ANNUAL REPORT
3

                                         IT’S BEEN A REMARKABLE YEAR.
We accomplished what we set out to do, significantly improving our financial performance and strengthening our infrastructure to build a foundation for long-term growth.
  letter to shareholders
FROM PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PAUL S. PRESSLER
Our success has always been driven by great product. That hasn’t changed. We have incredibly talented teams of designers and merchants at each of our brands. As we look to the growth potential ahead of us, we are focused on supporting our world- class design and merchandising capabilities with world-class operating capacity.
HIGHLIGHTS FROM OUR FINANCIAL TURNAROUND
• Significant net sales and earnings increases: In fiscal 2003, our net sales grew to $15.9 billion, increasing 10 percent—double the prior year’s growth rate. We flowed our performance to the bottom line, doubling earnings for the year to $1 billion, or $1.09 per share on a diluted basis. Through the end of fiscal 2003, we generated six consecutive quarters of year-over-year earnings growth.
• Comparable store sales growth: By the end of fiscal 2003, we delivered 16 consecutive months of positive comparable store sales, contributing to significant top-line growth.
(a) Cash flow before financing and short-term investing activities is a non-GAAP measure. See reconciliation to GAAP measure on page 9.
• Improved margins: By offering our customers better product assortments and focusing on tighter inventory management, we improved regular price selling and markdown margins. We ended fourth quarter 2003 with $344 million less inventory than the prior year. Gross margin was up almost four percentage points in fiscal 2003. And through year-end, we reported seven consecutive quarters of year-over-year gross margin improvement.
• A healthier balance sheet: We generated cash flow before financing and short-term investing activities of $1.9 billion(a), almost double the prior year, and ended fiscal 2003 with a cash and short-term investments balance of $4.7 billion. We reduced debt by $626 million, lowering our funded debt at year-end to $2.8 billion, and we’re committed to restoring our investment grade credit ratings.
BUILDING OUR INFRASTRUCTURE FOR GROWTH
In fiscal 2003, we made great progress on building our operational talent with new leadership in consumer insights, human resources, information technology, international, online and supply chain. These executives and their teams are strengthening our core systems and processes across the business.
4
GAP BANANA REPUBLIC OLD NAVY
  
                                            Gaining consumer insights
It all begins with understanding our customers. Our consumer insights work takes some of the fashion risk—and the volatility that comes with it—out of the business. Creating this strategic capability has helped drive our turnaround, and today it’s influencing every aspect of the company—from business strategies and organic growth opportunities, to product decisions and marketing campaigns.
In 2003, we conducted extensive research of the U.S. apparel market, gaining broad and deep insights around customer segments and market opportunities. To leverage valuable knowledge from employees who are closest to our customers and our product, we also began soliciting ongoing feedback from our store managers.
We’ve created a corporate consumer insights function to centrally manage the work, and to develop tools to ensure that the information is actionable for our teams. Our design, merchandising and marketing teams have been energized using the insights as a springboard for their creativity.
We applied consumer insights to our brand positioning strategies, further differentiating each of our brands. Gap is re-engaging its core style-conscious customers in the casual specialty apparel market. Old Navy is more competitive in the value segment. Banana Republic is more elevated, with a designer sensibility targeting a more sophisticated fashion customer.
With heads of marketing now in place in each of our brands, we’ve accelerated our progress on evolving our strategies to better reach segmented target audiences. For example, Gap and Banana Republic began separately targeting men and women, while Old Navy launched different campaigns for teens and families. For holiday 2003, Old Navy also launched its first campaign targeted to Hispanic customers. We will continue to use consumer insights to help us increase the frequency of our shoppers’ visits and to attract new customers.
Improving our supply chain and technology
We view our diverse, global sourcing base as a strong competitive advantage. In 2004, we will focus on strengthening our end-to-end supply chain, enhancing our flexibility to serve the different quality, speed and cost needs of each brand or product category.
GAP INC. 2003 ANNUAL REPORT
5
  
  Our design and merchandising teams are working more closely from the beginning of the product development cycle, resulting in a more efficient process and, over time, faster speed to market.
We will be building more strategic relationships with our vendors, including sharing more planning and forecasting information, to further leverage our sourcing capabilities. We are also piloting localization initiatives, which will eventually enable us to provide better product assortments based on different size, climate and style needs for various markets. All of this work requires significant technology investments, necessary to better manage our inventory throughout the pipeline.
From investing in technology, to paying down our debt, to optimizing our store fleets, to tightly managing costs, we will continue to focus on the most efficient use of capital. We are committed to making investments that create value for our shareholders.
EVOLVING HOW WE WORK
We believe that systemically shifting our culture, to better balance the art and science of retail, is critical to long-term business success.
As is common in the fashion industry, our teams tend to be action-oriented. They’re accustomed to making decisions based on intuition, and to working independently. While this results in a remarkable ability to get things done, we want to be sure that we are focused on the right things—those that will drive long- term success. So we’re working to balance our approach with more planning, more consumer insights and more teamwork.
We’re starting by ensuring that all of our employees have a common understanding of Gap Inc.’s purpose, values and strategies, and the actions we all need to take to align with them. We’re building this into our recruiting, performance management, development and rewards systems, so it becomes an integral part of how we work. We're evolving our rewards philosophy to incorporate this new approach and to more closely align our compensation plans with shareholder
  6
GAP BANANA REPUBLIC OLD NAVY
   
      interests. For example, in 2004, our senior executives' compensation plans will include the additional measures of cash flow and economic profit. We’ve also strengthened our commitment to nurturing talent, with a focus on building more robust career development and training programs, so we can continue to attract, retain and develop the best people.
As part of the company’s values, we believe that commerce and social responsibility don’t have to be at odds, and we continue to work to find ways to put them into balance. How we do business is as important to us as what we do. You can read more about our commitment to social responsibility on page 18.
CELEBRATING THE FIRST 35... AND LOOKING TO THE NEXT 35
As I reflect on my first full year as Chief Executive, we made tremendous progress in 2003 because of the passion, dedication and commitment of our thousands of employees worldwide. That energy and drive for growth has been part of Gap Inc.’s heritage since Doris and Donald Fisher opened the first Gap store in San Francisco in 1969.
Our teams will drive our continued success, and we’re working hard to ensure that our culture supports and rewards the behaviors that represent what our company believes in—a collective spirit of exploration, creativity and teamwork based on respect, integrity and balance. When focused on common goals, our employees have shown they can produce exceptional results.
I’m proud that we’ve significantly improved the financial health of our company and acquired the new skills needed to lead our business forward. Building our infrastructure and shifting the way we approach our work is setting us up for a successful future.
We are, and will continue to be, a growth company. As Gap Inc. celebrates its 35th year in 2004, we share a common aspiration to exceed the expectations of our employees, our customers and our shareholders. I’m confident we will. s
Paul S. Pressler
President and Chief Executive Officer
     GAP INC. 2003 ANNUAL REPORT
7
   