Dear Shareholders,
Change has come to retail at breakneck speed. The impact of technology has quickly accelerated since we launched Gap online in 1997. Now, smartphones, tablets and social media are revolutionizing our relationship with our customers.
To win in this dynamic environment, we are bridging the digital and physical worlds to empower and encourage customers to fully experience our brands whenever and wherever they choose.
Gap Inc. is in a unique position among global fashion retailers to be the first to make this happen. Since pioneering specialty retail nearly 45 years ago, we have built an enviable store fleet worldwide and world-class digital capabilities, drawing new loyal customers through great product, and the commitment to continuous improvement in our operating model in order to win. Our portfolio of brands – including our iconic brands, Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy and our developing brands, Athleta, Piperlime and Intermix – is unmatched by our global competitors, with fashion offerings from value to luxury.
Looking at our digital business, we’ve grown by over 21 percent over last year, and reached $2.26 billion in sales in 2013. E-commerce leadership is a key area of investment and focus to power its role as the driving force at Gap Inc.
While we’ve been anticipating and building toward this inflection point for many years, this is a mindset shift for our industry. Customers start their discovery process in a way we could never have imagined when I started my career nearly 30 years ago. To be fair, retail was more predictable back then.
Today, the majority of shoppers engage with our brands first on their personal device of choice. Technology offers an unprecedented opportunity to view the full array of styles, to engage friends while shopping, or to buy on the run. We’re continually challenging ourselves to make that experience better, by making it easier to shop while building excitement and buzz through designing great products and marketing. To engage customers at that first moment, we’re making meaningful investments, especially in the design, look and feel of our mobile sites.
The ease of the digital shopping experience, though, does not always tip the scales in favor of online purchases. True, it’s more convenient, but what makes shopping individual and unique are the emotional and tactile elements that help shape the store experience – the feel of the fabric, the fit, the color, the satisfaction of rewarding yourself.

Letter to Shareholders
To make this connection with customers even stronger means a store needs enthusiastic, dedicated and knowledgeable employees. We believe that in this technologically-driven shopping environment, investing in frontline employees will directly support our business strategy and provide benefits to our customers. That’s why we made the decision to do more for our employees by increasing the minimum hourly rate in our U.S. stores that will ultimately benefit about 65,000 of our 135,000 employees, who are bringing to life our vision of fully integrated in-store and online shopping.
Our omni-channel offerings, including “Find in Store” and “Reserve in Store,” demonstrate an innovative approach to meeting customer needs. With Find in Store, we offer the assurance before entering our stores that she will find her favorite pair of 1969 jeans in the size and wash she wants. And taking it a step further, we have introduced a service called Reserve in Store, through which a customer can reserve a denim jacket or a classic trench that caught her eye on her smartphone, and then shop for more great product before she’s ready to pay. In a world where speed is at a premium, we can satisfy our customers’ appetite for convenience and fashion.
With the growing passion worldwide for our American style, amazing product is foundational to the success of our global growth.
Across our brands, we’re committed to attracting and retaining the best creative talent – our senior designers and their teams. Their creative ability to interpret our brand vision and aesthetic, season after season, is what matters above all else.
In 2013, we pushed forward on our global growth plans. With its distinctive fun-family-fashion proposition, Old Navy International grew from just one store in Japan at the beginning of the year, to nearly 20. In 2014 Old Navy will also open its first store in China and its first franchise country, the Philippines. Gap China now has 80 stores, and is expanding into Taiwan this spring. Athleta’s brand is flourishing and ended the year with more than 65 stores. And last, but certainly not least, we now serve customers in 375 Gap and Banana Republic franchise stores in more than 40 markets.

Letter to Shareholders
Among our most important achievements is the strength and consistency of our financial results.
In a highly competitive, increasingly global industry, we are gaining market share. Reinforcing
our commitment to return extra cash to shareholders, in 2013, we returned $1.3 billion dollars through share repurchases and dividends, and a new $1 billion share repurchase was authorized. The company intends to raise its annual dividend per share to $0.88 – an increase of more than
75 percent over the last two years. Since 2007, we have demonstrated our consistency by growing earnings per share at a compound annual growth rate of 17 percent. We’re proud that we delivered another year of double-digit earnings per share growth in 2013, specifically 18 percent growth to $2.74 per share for the year.
Underpinning our commercial progress and our priorities, our promise to do more than sell clothes continues to guide us and inspire us. Our employees set yet another standard for volunteering at Gap Inc., showing their dedication to our communities with more than 500,000 volunteer hours. We helped form an alliance of retailers to improve factory conditions in Bangladesh, and our leadership will continue to be critical to achieve the lasting change necessary in this country and others where we source our products. And with great pride, we witnessed the groundbreaking ceremony for the Don Fisher Clubhouse for the Boys and Girls Club of San Francisco, in recognition of our co-founder’s amazing legacy.
We are ready to transform retail once again, to excite and inspire our customers now and in the future. With another strong year behind us, and the strategy and commitment to achieve our mission to be the world’s favorite for American style, I have the utmost confidence that Gap Inc. is well on its way to winning on the global stage.
Glenn Murphy
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
   