LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholders,
Our performance in 2001 made us remember three things about satisfying our customers:
Offer the right products in the right assortments. Be consistent in everything you do.
Always keep it simple.
That’s the way we built our company. That’s how we created three of retail’s most popular brands.
In 2001, we forgot to stay true to those three basic ideas. But after disappointing our customers and our shareholders in what was a very humbling year, we’ve learned a lot — and we’ve got a lot to do.
We’re working to get back to being our best. We’re committed to delivering the quality, value, style and fashion our customers expect and love from Gap, Old Navy and Banana Republic. We’re putting the right teams in place, making sure we have the right talent and leadership in merchandising, marketing and design, as well as in our stores. Across our company, we’re focusing on consistency in what we do and simplicity in how we do it.
For Gap, that means delivering products with iconic style and balanced assortments with a strong point of view. It means making sure we keep updating customers’ favorite casual clothes with the right fabrics, the perfect silhouettes and the most appropriate colors. Gap is about khakis in a great new fit; stretch pants that can be worn anywhere; 5-pocket jeans with a new wash. Gap is ribbed sweaters in shades everyone wants to wear, or a classic white T that works with everything. Simple, classic style for everybody — that’s Gap.
We’re bringing a stronger Gap sensibility to GapKids and babyGap as well. Denim and khaki are important franchise categories for GapKids, and we have opportunities in activewear. At babyGap, we’re building on our success as a destination for premium baby assortments, luxe fabrications and gifts. At GapBody, we’re excited about growth opportunities as we continue to refine this business and establish franchise fits in key items.
GAP INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2001 1

We’ve also moved to simplify the way we work at Gap brand. We’ve split the brand into domestic and international divisions. We’ve launched a search for a new U.S. division president, strengthened our merchandising leadership, divided adult merchandising into men’s and women’s divisions and brought in new senior leadership to drive growth at GapBody. By making key areas of the business more manageable, these changes will sharpen our focus and help us better serve our customers.
At Old Navy, we’re reconnecting with the whole family. Teens helped make Old Navy famous, but offering fun, fashion and value for the whole family is the real strength of the brand. Old Navy became too narrowly focused, and the brand is moving back to serving a broader customer base. We’re bringing back mainstay items that built the business, focusing on product assortments with more wearable fashion in more desirable colors, and developing creative marketing that drives customer traffic into our stores.
At Banana Republic, we’re bringing casual luxury back to the brand, emphasizing quality, style and detail. Most important, we’re implementing a branded fit strategy in our bottoms business for men and women. We’re also refocusing on luxe fabrications such as suede, leather and cashmere. Our accessories business, with an emphasis on bags, belts and shoes, represents an important opportunity for the brand.
In each brand, we’re emphasizing the fundamentals of merchandising: recognize the opportunity, create a point of view and invest in that point of view with conviction. In every area where we’ve returned to the fundamentals, we’re starting to see our customers respond. We’re committed to always having the products our customers expect from each of our brands. We know what needs to be done, and we are doing it.
GAP INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2001 2

More operational discipline across our company is helping to ensure we have the resources we need to support our brands. We acted quickly and aggressively in 2001 to tightly manage our costs and cash. In 2001, our net liquidity position, measured by total debt less cash, improved by more than $400 million.
Forecasted capital spending is expected to be down $600 million from 2001 levels, to $400 million for 2002. Also, in March 2002, we closed a new $1.4 billion two-year secured credit facility and raised about $1.38 billion through a convertible note offering. These financing initiatives, combined with the $1 billion in cash on our balance sheet at the beginning of 2002, should leave us well funded as we work to improve our performance.
We disappointed our customers and shareholders in 2001, and we’re working hard to turn that around. Gap, Old Navy and Banana Republic are three of the most well-known brands in retail. We still have tremendous equity with our customers. Their calls, emails and letters tell us that they’re waiting for us to get it right.
We’re confident we will.
    GAP INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2001
3
Donald G. Fisher
Chairman and Founder
Millard S. Drexler
President and
Chief Executive Officer
