 “If there is one secret of success for our company, it is always to focus on the customer...”
Don Fisher, Co-founder 1928 – 2009
Dear Shareholders,
In 2009, our company turned a corner— delivering double-digit earnings per share increases for the third year in a row and securing a foundation for growth.
It wasn’t easy. Because of the economic climate, customers ap- proached their buying decisions with more caution and we had to compete that much harder across our portfolio of brands.
To help us succeed, we renewed our long-standing commitment of connecting with our customers—a passion that started with our founders, Doris and Don Fisher.
For me and our employees, 2009 was a bittersweet year. Our com- pany turned around just as we lost Don. He passed away in September, a month after we celebrated our 40th anniversary.
I had a chance to visit Don just a few weeks before he died. He was incredibly proud because he felt that, as a company, we had our confidence back. And he was right yet again—I know our employees are determined to win.
Delivering results
Our formula of focusing on cost management, healthy merchandise margins and strong cash generation continued to serve us well.
In 2009, we increased our earnings-per-share 18 percent. We ended the year with $2.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet and no debt.
In 2010, we’re continuing our practice of returning cash to share- holders, increasing our planned dividend 18 percent and authorizing a new $1 billion share repurchase program.

                 “Gap’s new line just fits again. I now have three pairs of the 1969 jeans and I wear them nearly every day.”
Amber Adrian
 
                   Style & Value
 “For my kids, Old Navy just offers a nice balance between being stylish and not-too-baby looking. And it’s not expensive.”
Erica Pan

 This strong financial position allowed us to become more offensive- minded in the second half of the year. We made targeted invest- ments—in stores, product and marketing. This helped us improve comparable store sales in the fourth quarter.
These financial accomplishments were only possible through the dedicated and tireless efforts of our 135,000 employees. I was encouraged to see how many employees chose to stay with the company, as shown by our significantly reduced turnover rate at our stores and headquarters.
Customers first
All of our work in 2009 was aimed at connecting with our customers as they faced one of the most challenging times in recent memory.
Companies like ours had to compete differently as consumers looked for value from trusted brands that spoke to their individual needs. As you can tell by the cover, this report tells our story through the eyes of our customers.
Old Navy led the way for us in sales growth. The team kept a keen focus on its target customers, whom we refer to as Jennie, Mike and the kids. Across every department, Old Navy worked hard to make sure that decisions were made with this target family clearly in mind. As a result, Old Navy was able to deliver fashion at a great value for the entire family. The strategy is paying off; the business delivered six months of positive comps in the back half of 2009.
As a result of our commitment to constant consumer research, Gap reinvented one of the product categories linked to our heri- tage: denim. This led to the brand’s successful 1969 Premium Jeans collection. Our customers responded positively because of our perfect combination of style, fit, quality and price. We’re now expanding the 1969 product line to kids and baby, and will continue to work this formula in refreshing other key product categories.
                        With its focus on versatility, Banana Republic launched a Spring chino collection that can be worn to work or on the weekends.
  Following on the success of its adult 1969 Premium Jeans line, Gap introduced premium denim for babies with a soft, authentic collection.
  Piperlime expanded its fashion perspective by adding women’s apparel from more than
80 designers.

 Although not every consumer was as directly affected by the economy as others, all customers demanded more in 2009. Banana Republic heard from consumers that versatility was paramount and responded by adjusting its product and marketing in the second half of the year to showcase that it can be worn seven days a week—for work, weekend or going out.
Compelling stores
There is no doubt that people faced a lot of distractions in the last 12 months, at home and at work. Because consumers made fewer mall visits, retailers had to be at the top of their game when shop- pers came to stores.
Old Navy shoppers told us they preferred a place that’s fun, full
of energy, and where they can bring the entire family. The brand responded, and developed a new store model that’s become central to its success. We opened more than 50 redesigned stores in 2009, and customers responded strongly to the new shopping experience, with these stores outperforming the rest of the fleet in sales and customer service levels. By the end of 2010, we expect to have remodeled about one-quarter of our Old Navy fleet.
Gap has been improving its stores as well—through a combina- tion of remodels and reduced floor space. Customers said they preferred a smaller, more intimate shopping environment, and the Gap store prototype offers a bright, clean space with bold marketing images and a spotlight on 1969 jeans. Not to be out- done, Banana Republic successfully tested a new store prototype in three cities, creating a fresh, boutique-like setting to showcase versatile style.
                      Gap opened a 1969 denim
store on LA’s famous Robertson Boulevard, attracting celebrities and denim-lovers with its afford- able premium collection.
  Gap is testing a new outlet store design for value shoppers around the world. With a bright, modern aesthetic, shoppers can’t miss Gap’s casual style.
  Old Navy is remodeling about a quarter of its fleet, enabling families to shop for great value in a more enjoyable way.

                   New Store Looks
 “Banana Republic is so easy to wear to work or out with friends. The clothes are sharp, smart, stylish and clean.”
Tom Flannigan

                   Building Buzz
 “Athleta is known for a lot of yoga and soft and fuzzy sports— but, as a runner, I think their performance wear is excellent.”
Andrea Smalling

 Bold, persuasive offers
Due to customers’ shifting shopping habits, “value” became a key consideration and, to deliver on this, each brand challenged itself to bring a clear and specific value proposition.
Old Navy introduced its effective SuperModelquins as the voice behind its campaigns to talk energetically about value. The results have been tremendous. By getting closer to our customers, the brand gained market share and drove traffic through its irreverent marketing and aggressive, one-day promotions.
Another example was Gap’s “accessible premium” platform.
The brand generated momentum through its integrated market- ing and buzz-building 1969 denim campaign. The social media campaign drove more than 52 million impressions online alone. Pop-up stores in Los Angeles and London created a sense of urgency among influential celebrities and bloggers. At the same time, we dressed the New York Stock Exchange traders—for the first time in history—in denim to coincide with our 40th anniversary.
Banana Republic—with its focus on “affordable luxury”—adjusted the marketing strategy after putting new product filters in place for the second half of 2009. One way to broaden the message
has been through collaborations with partners who have like- minded customers, including Virgin America, Kimpton Hotels, LinkedIn, and the popular TV series “Mad Men.”
Old Navy’s three day promotion for Black Friday, called “Gobble- palooza,”drove excitement to stores with Rock Band giveaways and special holiday values.
Banana Republic introduced a “Mad Men” promotion in more than 400 stores with modern takes on the classic, iconic ‘60s-style.
Globally, the marketing message is reflected in each store, including Gap Japan’s new Harajuku flagship.

                Shopping...anytime, anywhere
One consumer trend that continues to gain momentum is convenience—customers “want it now.” We continued to make investments to expand our online and outlet presence so more people can participate with our brands.
Our online division grew sales in 2009. The e-commerce platform we launched in 2008—called Universality— remains an industry leader. We introduced Athleta as our “fifth tab” to many new customers, who can shop any Gap Inc. brand through a single check-out.
Our online channel allows us to expand our focus of connecting with our customers in new, exciting ways. Now customers can participate and share their experi- ences with our products by contributing their reviews on our brand websites. This type of feedback is valuable and often leads to better decisions and products. As an example, Piperlime added contemporary apparel to its product offerings in August.
Recognizing how valuable time is to our customers, we invested in the technology to add more speed to our websites. These investments were in place on “Cyber Monday,” when we handled the most online orders in a single day in our history.
Customers responded especially well to shopping at outlets last year, which have become known as destina- tions of value for both local residents and tourists alike.
As a result of our strong value messages throughout the year, Gap Outlet and Banana Republic Factory Stores enjoyed tremendous success. Through increased local radio advertising, we highlighted the incredible deals at each of our value expressions of these brands.
We also expanded our outlet business globally, while introducing a new store design in Canada, the U.S. and Japan. Now in 10 stores around the world, the new envi- ronment reflects a bright, clean and modern aesthetic.
Global expansion
Our brands have global recognition—given our influ- ential link to American style and pop culture and the emotional affinity from those who visit our stores while traveling. In fact, many international customers are urging us to open stores in new markets.
However, today, our brands are only in five of the top 10 apparel markets in the world. Our first priority is to make investments that address this pent-up demand, high- lighted by new store launches in China and Italy by the end of 2010.
Buoyed by the success of both Gap and Banana Republic in the United Kingdom, we’ll also expand across Western Europe, including introducing Banana Republic to Paris and Milan.
Our new market entry strategy will include investments to ensure we have an online presence in these countries. We’re planning to launch Gap, Banana Republic and
Old Navy online in Canada, and Gap and Banana Republic online in the UK, also serving nine other European coun- tries. Similarly, our outlet stores will be a significant part of our global expansion plans.
Our franchise business continues to expand, including signed agreements to open our first Gap stores on a new continent: Australia. Overall, in 2009, we added about 20 new Franchise stores—bringing the total to more than 130 Gap and Banana Republic locations in 19 countries.
Do what’s right
We know that customers make their purchasing deci- sions based upon a variety of factors, and an increasingly important consideration is the company’s culture
and values.
At Gap Inc., we operate according to a principle called “do what’s right”—one of the pillars on which the com-
pany was founded. We’ve never wavered in our com- mitment to run our business ethically and responsibly, and we’re proud of our recent ranking as the top retailer on the Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s list of best corporate citizens.

                Last year, we also released our fourth social responsibil- ity report, which detailed our intensified focus on the environment. We have expanded our “friends and family” program so that we’re able to help our non-profit partners, and, through this program alone, we have contributed nearly $10 million since 2008.
Following the devastating earthquake in Haiti a few months ago, our company and our employees joined forces to support the recovery efforts through donations. We were pleased that a factory that makes clothes for Gap was among the first to help employees get back
to work. We’re also committed to working with govern- ment officials in both the United States and Haiti to support the long-term recovery.
It’s all a reflection of the unique company that passion- ately embraces the foundation on which it was built. In January 2009, Don spoke to about 1,000 Gap store managers, with Doris by his side. When asked what made him proudest of Gap Inc., Don didn’t hesitate in his response: “The integrity of this company.”
As we build on our successes for 2010 and beyond, we’re determined to add to our rich legacy and further honor Don. We have been entrusted to move this incredible company forward—and we will.
I like our odds. Our 135,000 employees consistently “think customers first” as we make decisions, and that’s
showing up more and more through our improved busi- ness results. We’re intent on maintaining our financial discipline—while also responding quickly to the needs of our customers as we invest and grow.
I look forward to reporting back to you on what we’ll accomplish in the year ahead.
Thank you.
Glenn Murphy
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
         “Piperlime is edited for me— the time-crunched mom.”
Anne Tway
“Gap has a simple, casual look. I can loosen a button, untuck my shirt and go out.”
Chad Stachowicz
   