Dear Shareholders, Customers and Employees:
}These are the hallmarks of today’s
Goodrich – characteristics that position us more solidly than ever to deliver consistent value to our customers and shareholders; reasons to think more about Goodrich.
Goodrich.
1 Strong financial performance 2 Global leadership
3 Balanced business mix
4 Value-creating processes
5 Innovative solutions
  A new Goodrich 2001 will be remembered as one of the most challenging years in the history of commercial aviation. Under extraordinary circumstances, Goodrich had strong financial per- formance because of our business mix and the underlying strengths that have made us a global industry leader. 2001 was also a defining year for the company as we completed the sale of our Performance Materials segment and announced the spin-off of our Engineered Industrial Products segment to continue our transition into a top-tier aerospace supplier. To cap more than a decade of successful transformation, we also launched our new corporate identity as Goodrich Corporation.
This thoughtful and deliberate transition created a new Goodrich distinguished by key characteristics that you will read about throughout this report – strong financial performance, global leadership, a balanced business mix, value-creating processes and innovative solutions for aerospace and beyond. These are the hallmarks of today’s Goodrich – a company posi- tioned more solidly than ever to deliver consistent value to our customers and shareholders.
Strong financial performance Our ability to deliver value starts with our financial results. In 2001, our aerospace businesses
delivered record revenues and double-digit earnings per share growth, before special items. These accomplishments are all the more remarkable in light of the sluggishness in commercial aviation that was developing even before the deep and immediate impact of the tragic events of September 11. Before special items and on a continuing operations basis, which excludes the Engineered Industrial Products (EIP) segment, income was $306 million compared to $266 million last year, and earnings per share rose 18 percent to $2.87 compared to $2.43 in 2000. Sales rose substantially to $4.2 billion for the year – a 13 percent increase due to greater demand for core products and services as well as contributions from recent acquisitions.
Decisive actions Achieving these results required a swift assess- ment and decisive action after the tragic events of September 11. For the first time in the history of our aerospace business, we faced very difficult but necessary decisions to restructure our operations in the face of reduced market demand for our products. At the same time, we announced a $300 million share repurchase program to demonstrate our confidence in the funda- mental attractiveness and value of our businesses. We believe that our proactive approach – coupled with a balanced business
Brought to you by Global Reports
1
Goodrich

Letter to shareholders
2001: A year of change for Goodrich
 January
February
March
June July
New name and identity rolled out
August
September October
Acquired Hella Aerospace Lighting business
Completed sale of Performance Materials
Awarded A380 landing gear contract
April May
Awarded A380 evacuation systems contract
Awarded Rolls-Royce Trent® 900 fan casing and sensors suite
November December
Selected to supply landing gear, lead landing systems integration for the Joint Strike Fighter
Acquired Humphrey Inertial Sensors Business
Announced spin- off of Engineered Industrial Products
      mix that moderates the impact of any downturns in the commer- cial transport market – will enable us to emerge even stronger when the economy and commercial air travel rebound.
Major contract wins Tried and true strategies continued to pro- pel the company’s transformation during the year: targeted acquisitions to strengthen global platforms and enhance our business mix; innovative new product and technology develop- ments; and significant wins on new aircraft programs, most notably the Airbus A380 and the Joint Strike Fighter.
Our recognized technological expertise and extensive expe- rience as the leading landing gear provider for U.S. military aircraft led to a major role on the Joint Strike Fighter. We’re proud to have been selected as the landing gear supplier and landing systems integrator and proud to continue to play a key part in our nation’s defense.
Our series of product wins for the A380, the world’s largest commercial passenger aircraft, began with the body and wing landing gear, marking our first contract to supply landing gear to Airbus. We were also selected to supply the next generation of evacuation systems for the aircraft, as well as the fuel delivery sys- tems, engine components and sensors suite for its Trent® 900 engine. With expected revenues of $3 to $4 billion over the next 20 years, these awards establish Goodrich as a strong partner for the Airbus A380 and Rolls-Royce Trent 900 teams and position us as one of Airbus’ largest suppliers. While forging this expanded relationship with Airbus, we also enhanced our position with Boeing in an agreement that confirmed Goodrich as its exclusive supplier of landing gear for nearly all commercial aircraft through 2006, including both original equipment and spares.
Building global leadership The leadership position we enjoy today in landing systems – as well as aerostructures, sensor systems, safety systems and more – is being replicated in new areas using our proven “roadmap” formula. This formula targets complemen- tary acquisitions and drives internal growth to build strong global
platforms. Over the past 24 months, we continued on this course with nine acquisitions, including Raytheon’s optical systems busi- ness to enhance our growing space and surveillance platforms and last year’s Hella Aerospace GmbH, which positions us as a global supplier in interior and exterior aerospace lighting. These businesses expand our product offerings and strengthen our posi- tions in important markets.
Enhancing our business mix We further enhanced our business mix in 2001 with growth in the regional, business and general aviation markets. We won three sole-source wheel and brake posi- tions with Learjet and Embraer and are supplying air data and ice detection sensing systems for Dassault. Our new SkyWatch® HP surveillance traffic advisory system received certification, and deliveries began immediately. SmartDeckTM, our fully integrated primary flight display and control system, features new advanced Synthetic Vision and “Highway In The Sky” technologies for general aviation and entry-level jet aircraft.
Leveraging innovative solutions Innovative new technologies like this are our lifeblood, and we look for ways to leverage them in aerospace and beyond. Our MEMS (Micro-ElectroMechanical Systems) technology is just one example. Our long-term agree- ment with Movaz Networks to use MEMS for optical switching opens a substantial new market opportunity. We expect applica- tions for this technology to grow significantly over the next several years in both aerospace and non-aerospace markets.
Value-creating processes Operational excellence and other value-creating processes are also synonymous with the new Goodrich. Ongoing productivity and Lean manufacturing initia- tives once again contributed to operating margins at levels consistent with top-performing aerospace companies. We are particularly pleased that our aircraft evacuation systems plant in Phoenix, Arizona, was recognized by IndustryWeek as one of the top 10 plants in America for its excellence in manufacturing and process improvement.
Brought to you by Global Reports

 Looking ahead, we have businesses that are performing well, and our fundamental strategies are intact: build on our aerospace base, target and create new global platforms, deliver on the prom- ise of new products and technologies, and enter adjacent mar- kets. We have executed these strategies well in the past, and you can expect to see more in the future.
At the same time, managing the enterprise through this uncertain period will be our top priority. We must be even more alert and responsive to changing business conditions and chal- lenging issues. We must execute our consolidation plans on time and within budget. We will continue to enhance efficiency by expanding our success in productivity and quality improvements. Improving cash flow remains a high priority and has been inte- grated into our incentive plans. Our management strength and teamwork is more important than ever.
We will continue to add value by supplementing our core aerospace business by acquiring and commercializing additional products and technologies. We will do this through our ongoing, successful innovation processes and acquisitions focused on adding strategic value and maintaining the quality of our earnings and our businesses.
Making people a priority To achieve all these objectives, we must attract and retain the right people. That’s why our efforts to cre- ate a high-performance organization are ongoing, with training, performance review and career development processes to devel- op our people for sustained success. Our succession planning processes also ensure we have the talent to meet our needs now and in the future.
We are pleased that Marshall Larsen has assumed the duties of our top operating post as President and COO of the company. As a proven member of our experienced management team with a reputation for delivering results, Marshall has made significant contributions to the growth of our aerospace business and to the aerospace industry in general. His leadership has been a critical
We have a powerful combination of people, products and capabilities to continue to expand and deliver value to customers and shareholders.
factor in creating today’s Goodrich and will continue to benefit the company in the future.
Committed to delivering value Above all, we must deliver value to our shareholders. Management is committed to meeting or exceeding expectations for earnings performance and cash flow. Today’s Goodrich is well-positioned to achieve these goals as our industry recovers.
While we expect 2002 to be another challenging year, we believe our balanced business mix and rich technology base strengthen our ability to perform well. We expect to again deliver financial results that are among the best in our industry, and we are confident that Goodrich is positioned for long-term success. We have a powerful combination of people, products and capabil- ities to continue to expand and deliver value to customers and shareholders.
We are proud to be part of an industry whose impact over the past century has made our world a better place to live, and we are committed to its recovery and sustained growth. We are also proud of our contributions to the industry as a top-tier systems supplier distinguished by strong financial performance, global leadership, a balanced business mix, value-creating processes and innovative solutions for aerospace and beyond. These are the cornerstones of our success and our roadmap to greater growth and opportunity in the years ahead.
We sincerely appreciate our customers, our shareholders and our team of outstanding employees who are helping us achieve our goals. As always, thank you for your continued support.
David L. Burner
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2002
 Brought to you by Global Reports
3
Goodrich
