Dear Fellow
Shareholders
2007 was an excellent year for Goodrich. We
continued to build on our leadership positions
in a
robust commercial aerospace market, thanks
to
our global customer base and a strong backlog
of orders for commercial aircraft. Combined with
strategic wins in the defense and space market,
this
led to very strong financial performance, with
increased sales and improving margins and cash
flow. An intense focus on our three strategic
imperatives of balanced growth, leveraging the
enterprise and operational excellence underpins
this
achievement.
Our 2007 sales were up 12% to $6.4 billion, with
strong growth in all three of our major market
channels – commercial aerospace original
equipment, commercial airline aftermarket, and
defense and space. Our segment operating income
margins improved from 13.5% to 16.1%. Net cash
provided by operating activities more than doubled
to $594 million. I am particularly pleased to report
that we achieved our goal of 15% margins two
years ahead of our 2009 target.
A key factor in our excellent performance in 2007
was
our commercial and general aviation aftermarket
sales, which increased by 16%, significantly outpacing
the market growth rate, with most of the sales coming
from non-U.S. customers. We continued to expand
our worldwide network of maintenance, repair and
overhaul (MRO) campuses to meet this growing
demand, completing expansions at facilities in the
U.S., UK and Singapore, and opening a new 115,000-
square-foot campus in Dubai. Our sales to commercial
aircraft manufacturers increased as production rates
ramped up on both existing and new programs. In the
defense and space market, we achieved key wins in
the strategically important helicopter and intelligence,
surveillance and reconnaissance markets.
Our drive to execute on our three strategic
imperatives
of balanced growth, leveraging the enterprise and
operational excellence is achieving results. Underpinning
these strategic imperatives are our Goodrich values –
ethics and integrity, customer-focused improvement,
accountability and teamwork, and openness and trust.
We worked hard during 2007 to instill those values
across our entire enterprise. We also remain
focused on continuous improvement as a way of
life: During 2007, Goodrich employees conducted
thousands of continuous improvement events both
in
the manufacturing and office environments,
delivering significant productivity improvements.
For 2008, we expect continued strong performance,
with robust growth in all market channels driving
double-digit increases in both sales and earnings
per share. We expect further improvement in our
cash flow performance as our employees continue
to focus on productivity and working capital
improvements.
Looking beyond 2008, we believe the commercial
aircraft aftermarket will continue to be a strong and
consistent driver of profit growth, as we benefit from
the increasing size of the active fleet and particularly
our product positions on newer aircraft such as the
Airbus A320 and Boeing 737NG. We will continue to
develop our global MRO campus network and our
portfolio of flexible services offerings to our airline
customers. In the defense and space market, we
are focusing on expanding our mission-related
capabilities in strategic growth markets such as
helicopters and intelligence, surveillance and
reconnaissance, while also growing our content
on
new platforms like the F-35 Lightning II.
In an ever more competitive global marketplace,
people are one of the greatest opportunities for
competitive advantage. We continuously invest in
talent management to ensure that we have the right
people in place to meet future business needs. In
addition, we have developed our Goodrich People
Philosophy, and have begun rolling it out across
the
company. This philosophy is based around a
simple premise – the assumption that people are
responsible workers and come to work every day
to
do a good job. It provides a framework around
which all employees are expected to base their
behavior in the workplace.
In closing, I would like to thank our 24,000
employees around the world for their continuing
hard work and dedication to our company. It is
through their efforts that Goodrich has become
established as a leading aerospace and defense
company, and is
uniquely positioned for continuing
growth and success for many years to come.
Marshall O. Larsen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
February 19, 2008