  Brought to you by Global Reports
letter to our shareholders
In 2000, Goodrich’s commitment to creating value through excellence in people, quality and innovation produced excellent results. Our total annual return
to shareholders was 36%, a strong performance com- pared to many similar companies and the broader market indices. We delivered our sixth consecutive year of record operating results, despite a challenging busi- ness environment. At the same time, we continued
to transform Goodrich into a top-tier aerospace and industrial company by acquiring seven businesses, developing innovative new technologies and products, and winning major contracts. To further our transfor- mation, we made the difficult decision to sell our Performance Materials business.
The company’s senior executive team (counter-clockwise from left): Dave Burner, Chairman, President and CEO; Ernie Schaub, Executive Vice President; President and COO, Engineered Industrial Products; Marshall Larsen, Executive Vice President; President and COO, Aerospace; Steve Huggins, Senior Vice President, Strategic Resources and Information Technology; Jerry Lee, Senior Vice President, Technology and Innovation; Rick Schmidt, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Terry Linnert, Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration, General Counsel and Secretary.
10 11

           letter to shareholders
A SMALL CHANGE. A BIG DIFFERENCE.
We are pleased with our scorecard for 2000. On
a continuing operations basis, which excludes Performance Materials, income was $318 million excluding special items, or $2.97 per share, com- pared to $306 million, or $2.75 per share, in 1999. This increase was accomplished in a year of reduced deliveries of commercial aircraft and soft- ness in industrial, trucking and related markets. Our performance reflects a balanced business port- folio, deriving approximately 50 percent of overall revenues from aftermarket products and services. In addition, ongoing productivity initiatives con- tributed to achieving operating income margins at levels consistent with top-performing companies.
portfolio since these two businesses share common skills in manufacturing, management, technology, procurement and quality. As we communicated
in November, we expect to complete the sale of Performance Materials in the first quarter of 2001 when we will announce plans for the use of the anticipated $1 billion in after-tax cash proceeds.
These initiatives, coupled with clear strategies and complementary acquisitions, are an effective and proven formula to create profitable growth for our shareholders and increased capabilities for our cus- tomers. They make Goodrich a formidable com- petitor, and strengthen our leadership positions.
BFGoodrich is becoming Goodrich. At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will be asked
to approve Goodrich Corporation as the com- pany’s new name. While dropping two initials may seem a small matter, it represents a big step in the evolution of a 130-year-old company.
Our plans for 2001 and beyond continue our transformation and dedication to creating value. For shareholders, we measure value by delivering superior returns. For customers, we deliver value through product performance and reliability, com- petitive prices, and the confidence that comes from long-standing relationships and the resources inher- ent in doing business with Goodrich. And for our people, value comes in the form of competitive pay and benefits, professional growth opportunities and, above all, respect for their accomplishments. Guided by our vision, we will invest in the growth and pros- perity of the enterprise with business acquisitions, new program and technology investments, and the pursuit of new markets and products.
Goodrich today is a new company. Once synony- mous with automobile tires, the company has transformed itself into a leading global supplier of aerospace and industrial products with a well-earned reputation for delivering results. Clearly, the time is right for a corporate identity that distances us from the tire business we exited in 1986, while drawing on our rich heritage of innovation and creative solutions.
Our decision to divest Performance Materials is the right strategic course for this business and
for Goodrich’s ongoing aerospace and industrial operations. With Performance Materials as a separate entity, its resources can be dedicated to concentrating on the specialty chemicals industry. At Goodrich, we can dedicate our resources to aerospace and engineered industrial products.
While pleased with our accomplishments, we con- tinue to build for the future by focusing on excellence in people, quality and innovation. These are the cornerstones of our success, and the foundation for delivering value to our customers and shareholders. We invest in Goodrich people with leadership train- ing and career development programs. Our quality programs include lean manufacturing techniques and safety, health and environmental initiatives throughout the company. The same is true in our innovation management process, where workshops that blend the best of Goodrich experience and outside resources reach deep into our organization.
The new Goodrich logo suggests energy, dynamism, growth and high aspirations. By design, it affirms that one of America’s oldest companies is now one of its newest.
Brought to you by Global Reports
12
13
We also can achieve substantial leverage across the

                                                     2000 HIGHLIGHTS
• Reported higher earnings per share (EPS) for the sixth consecutive year. Excluding special items, EPS from continuing operations increased 8 percent to $2.97.
We will continue to anticipate and respond to a changing global business environment that requires and rewards creativity, flexibility and innovation.
financial summary
(1)
• Announced plans to divest Performance Materials and to focus on Aerospace and Engineered Industrial Products. After-tax cash proceeds of $1 billion anticipated.
Sales
Earnings per Share(2) (dollars)
Segment Operating Income
• Completed seven acquisitions, including Raytheon’s Optical Systems business.
1.44
• Launched numerous new products and announced new aerospace contracts worth almost $2 billion in future revenues.
• Began implementing strategic plans to build upon sealing and compressor systems in Engineered Industrial Products.
2000
1999 Better/(Worse)
Brought to you by Global Reports
14
With the old BFGoodrich now gone, today’s Goodrich needs a new name and identity that will stand for a very different company, an aerospace and industrial leader committed to being the best at all we do. When we change our identity over the next few months, we will leave behind the last vestige of our tire heritage. And while we remain proud of our past, our company is sharply focused on the future.
4.3 4.3 4.4
2.75
2.97
714 677
We sincerely appreciate our customers, our share- holders and our team of outstanding employees. Thanks for your part in the Goodrich transforma- tion and for being partners in our success in the years ahead.
Sales
Segment operating income
Net income(2)
Cash flow from operations
Return on average shareholders’ equity(2)
$ 4,363.8 $ 713.9 $ 317.5 $ 230.0
$ $ $ $
4,319.8 1.0% 676.9 5.5% 305.9 3.8% 243.3 (5.5)%
David L. Burner
Chairman, President and CEO February 22, 2001
(1) Performance Materials treated as a discontinued operation (2) Excludes special items
(billions of dollars)
(in millions)
For the Year (in millions)
Net Income per Share(2)
Basic Diluted Dividends
$ 3.03 $ 2.97 $ 1.10
$ $ $
2.78 9.0% 2.75 8.0% 1.10 —
Shares outstanding (millions) Total employees
102.3 23,077
110.2 N/A 23,662 N/A
3.2
3.8
2.48 1.89
632 465 473
96 97 98 99 00
96 97 98 99 00
96 97 98 99 00
15
25.2%
24.2% —
