  Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2010 was another year of strong performance for Goodrich. Our balanced business mix and our focus on continuous improvement have enabled us to weather the economic downturn better than many of our peers and emerge poised to take advantage of the recovery.
We are excited about our prospects for 2011. We expect 2011 to be a year of strong sales growth in all of our major market channels, resulting in even better growth in net income per diluted share, largely driven by increased expectations for high margin commercial aftermarket sales and lower pension expense. This significant upside potential and our operational performance are the key factors that drove our stock price higher in 2010, when it finished the year up 37 percent and hit an all-time high in December.
I am especially pleased with our 2010 margin performance. We grew our operating income margins in each of our segments during 2010. Continuous improvement, focused on improving productivity and driving out cost, was a significant contributor to this performance. Continuous improvement is one of the “three circles” of our Goodrich culture, along with our Goodrich People Philosophy and our four core values, which include ethical behavior, a cornerstone of our business. I believe that our culture is becoming a differentiator for us in an increasingly competitive global business environment.
Marshall O. Larsen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Pictured with employees Daniel Kurneta and Sylwester Koczera during a November 2010 visit to the company’s Krosno, Poland landing
gear facility. The Krosno facility manufactures parts for Goodrich’s commercial and military landing gear, including the Boeing 737 and Lockheed Martin F-35.
5

6
Our balanced business mix and our focus on continuous improvement have enabled us to weather the economic downturn.
In 2010, we continued to make targeted acquisitions to enhance key technologies and boost our presence in selected market sectors. In June we added the UK-based Crompton Technology Group (CTG), a leading designer and manufacturer of advanced carbon fiber and composite products. And in September we completed the acquisition of the cabin management assets of DeCrane Aerospace. DeCrane is a leading provider of seating, furniture, veneers and cabin management systems for the business jet market.
New business wins in 2010 helped to maintain our balanced business portfolio, adding to an already strong foundation for long-term sustainability. In commercial aerospace we expanded our presence on the Airbus A350 XWB twinjet with
the award of the main landing gear contract for the -1000 variant. In addition we expanded our presence on the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, secured our first position on China’s COMAC C919 passenger jet and were selected by Russia’s Irkut to provide the flight control actuation systems for its MC-21 family of single-aisle aircraft.
In defense and space, we continued to enhance our presence in strategic growth areas. We received several new international contract awards for our market-leading DB-110 medium altitude airborne reconnaissance system. We delivered the 2,000th unit of our helicopter health and usage management system and the 500th laser detection system to the U.S. armed forces. In addition we made significant progress on Operationally Responsive Space (ORS), a new quick deployment reconnaissance satellite for the U.S. military. Goodrich is the lead systems integrator for the ORS program. In the important military retrofit market, we received a production contract from Lockheed Martin to supply 160 pylons for 40 U.S. Air Force C-5 Galaxy transport aircraft which are being upgraded in a Reliability Enhancement and Re-engining Program (RERP). In addition, we achieved qualification for our boltless wheels and carbon brakes for the U.S. Air Force’s C-130 fleet.
Continuing our global expansion to support our customers and our growth, we announced a joint venture with Turkish Technic to provide nacelle and thrust reverser support in Turkey and the surrounding region. We added to the repair capabilities at

I believe that our culture is becoming a differentiator for us in an increasingly competitive global business environment.
our Dubai MRO campus and signed long-term support agreements with several airlines. We broke ground on a new facility in Rsezsow, Poland, to supplement our existing landing gear manufacturing activity in Krosno. And we continue to invest in the U.S. manufacturing infrastructure – in June we broke ground on a 57,000 square foot expansion of our Sensors and Integrated Systems facility in Burnsville, Minnesota.
Goodrich celebrated its 140th anniversary in 2010. As we look back at our rich history of innovation, we recognize that it is truly part of our DNA. It has been a critical component of the company’s ongoing success and ability to adapt itself to
a changing marketplace. Applying innovation to everything we do across the company will enable us to perpetuate our business for our employees, shareholders, customers and other stakeholders for the long-term.
Any company is only as good as its people. We are focused on developing leaders who perform to their full potential and lead our company now and in the future. Our robust talent management and succession planning process allows us to grow talent from within and fill the majority of key vacancies internally. A broad leadership training and development curriculum enables our employees to perform to the very best of their ability in their current role and prepare for future success.
I cannot close without thanking the people who make our success possible – the 25,000 highly skilled, hard-working men and women who make up the Goodrich family around the world. It is their dedication to our great company that brought us from small beginnings as a rubber manufacturer to the aerospace and defense leader that we are today, and will continue to sustain us into the future.
Marshall O. Larsen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
February 15, 2011
7
 