 Marshall O. Larsen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2005 was a year of strong performance for Goodrich, fueled by the ongoing growth of the global commercial aerospace market, and our continuing focus on three strategic imperatives – balanced growth, leveraging the enterprise and operational excellence.
Goodrich reported full year sales for 2005 of $5.4 billion, up 15% over 2004. Our diluted earnings per share were up 49% to $2.13 per share. This increase is due to growth in all three of our major market channels – systems and equipment for new commercial and general aviation airplanes, parts and service for the commercial and general aviation airplane aftermarket, and products and services for the military, space and homeland security markets.
Operational excellence continued to be a major priority for us in 2005. Segment operating income as a percentage of sales improved from 10.4% in 2004 to 11.5% in 2005 as sales grew and our continuous improvement and supply chain activities continued to deliver results. We added emphasis to these activities in 2005 by setting up a dedicated operational excellence organization and hiring two seasoned executives to lead our efforts in the continuous improvement and supply chain areas.
Looking forward, we believe that we are solidly on the value proposition path that we laid out at our investor conference in December 2005. We have great market positions in all of our aerospace market sectors, which we expect will deliver solid top-line growth for the next several years. We also believe we have substantial
8 Annual Report 2005

We continually focus on our three strategic imperatives – balanced growth,
leveraging the enterprise and operational excellence.
margin improvement opportunity; our segment operating income as a percentage of sales rose for the third consecutive year in 2005, and we expect overall company segment operating income to be around 15% by 2009. We see significant cash flow improvement opportunity, beginning in 2007, as new program investments mitigate and we see higher earnings. Finally, we expect to see sustainable income growth beyond the peak of the current commercial aerospace cycle, thanks to our higher content on new commercial aircraft and our focus on growth areas within the military, space and homeland security markets.
Ethics remains one of the cornerstones of our company, and we will continue to operate with the highest standards of integrity. We’re placing additional emphasis on talent management to enable our 22,000 employees around the world to maximize their contribution to the continuing growth and success of our company.
In summary, our goal is to take advantage of our excellent market positions and our focus on operational excellence to enhance value through good top-line sales growth while improving margins and cash flow. Accomplishing this goal should provide us with sustainable income growth for many years to come.
Marshall O. Larsen Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2006
 Goodrich Corporation 9
