A Letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Shareholders, Customers, and Colleagues: Grace's 2014 performance marked another year of increasing value for our shareholders, customers, and employees. Our performance and longstanding focus on growth, profitability, and cash flow con tributed to Adjusted EBIT Return on Invested Capital of more than 30 percent.
Topping Historic Marks in 2014 The strength and quality of our businesses again were affirmed by solid sales and earnings growth, and a fifth consecutive year of expanding Segment Gross Margin and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. In Catalysts Technologies, we saw strong demand for FCC Catalysts led by new catalysts that enable our customers to process diverse feeds and maximize propylene production. Our Materials Technologies segment grew sales and earnings year over year despite a sluggish European economy in the fourth quarter. Grace Construction Products achieved record full-year operating income--topping its historical peak in 2007--and record operating margins, in large part because of a recovering North American construction market and success in emerging regions. In 2014, we continued to upgrade the quality of our business portfolio, successfully integrating the UNIPOL® Polypropylene Process Technology and Catalysts business acquired near the end of 2013. This was one of our largest-ever acquisitions and it immediately contributed to earnings. The company also achieved record Adjusted Free Cash Flow of more than $450 million. We made significant strides creating the financial flexibility to invest in growth. In February, we emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy and in September, we settled the Asbestos Personal Injury Deferred Payment Obligation, simplifying our capital structure at a favorable discount rate. We continued to fulfill our pension obligations and exercised strong discipline in working capital management. In 2014, we also began returning cash to shareholders. In the last year, we completed a $500 million share repurchase program, and we cash settled the PI warrant for $490 million in early 2015. We also announced a second $500 million share repurchase initiative starting in 2015. Demonstrating Core Capabilities We Will Tap Long Into the Future In creating a global, integrated operating company over the last several years, we strengthened our capabilities as an organization and improved our position in most of the markets where we hold leading positions--again in 2014, we ranked No. 1 or No. 2 in approximately 70 percent of sales in the segments where we compete. Across all our businesses, research and development, technical support, and reliable service are at the center of our relationship with our many bluechip customers. Among them are recognized leaders in refining, chemical processing, food and beverage, pharmaceuticals, construction, paints and coatings, personal care, industrial, and more. Their geographic distribution offers access to global markets and important diversification.

PAG E 2 : W. R . G R AC E & C O.

Expertise in process manufacturing, formulations, productivity, and supply chain management is embedded in all of our businesses. Our global manu facturing footprint gives us options and flexibility in meeting customer needs and responding to changing market conditions. The ability to design, manu facture, and run complex supply chains in different regions has given us a unique advantage during periods of high volatility. Material science leadership in silica, alumina, silica/alumina (zeolites), and metals form the backbone of Catalysts Technologies, while the science of silicas and molecular sieves drives solutions for Materials Technologies. Our Packaging Products and Specialty Building Materials businesses are built on our expertise in adhesives, films and membranes, closures, and sealants. And the science of chemical additives delivers value to our Specialty Construction Chemicals customers. Productivity initiatives and disciplined capital management consistently gen erate cash and high returns on investment. A mature and proficient merger and acquisition process brings discipline and focus to bolt-on acquisitions. As conditions change, we constantly review our approaches and flex these core capabilities and customer relationships to respond, to adapt, and to lead. Trusted to Create Value Across more than a century and a half, Grace leaders have adapted, inno vated, and transformed this company many times over. Today, the best path to creating value is to separate into two independent, publicly traded companies. This strategy is right for our time, our environment, and our organization. We believe our opportunity is now, and our commitment to creating value for our shareholders, customers, and employees has never been stronger in more than 160 years. One of the companies, to be named within the coming year, will be com prised of Grace's Catalysts Technologies and Materials Technologies business segments (excluding the Darex packaging business), and the other will be comprised of our Construction Products segment and the Darex packaging business. The value they create--like Grace's success as one company--will be built on more than their distinctive business models. It will rise on a solid founda tion of core capabilities, delivered through talent, technology, and trust.

Fred E. Festa Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

February 2015

2 014 A N N UA L R E P O R T : PAG E 3

