Chairman's Letter
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Anticipating customer needs and solving their business problems have always been distinctive factors in Grace's success. This was especially true in 2011, when the volatile cost of rare earth, a key raw material, began to impact our petroleum refining customers. By building upon prior research and innovating new science, Grace was able to rapidly commercialize a new generation of high-performing refinery catalysts with reduced rare earth content, thereby mitigating the cost impact on our customers. As you will read later in this report, this was one of many success stories for 2011 in which Grace's innovative technology, materials knowledge and market leadership addressed our customers' needs and ultimately made them more successful in their marketplaces.
This disciplined customer focus, combined with strong operational and financial management, resulted in very strong 2011 results for our company. Highlights for the year include: · Net sales increased 20 percent to $3.2 billion; · Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) increased 47 percent to $479 million; and second half of the year, largely due to weaker demand in Europe. Emerging region net sales grew 15 percent and represented 32 percent of our total net sales in 2011. We are actively investing in emerging economies because of their high overall growth rates and their increasing demand for products made with our catalysts, chemicals and materials. In 2011, we opened three new manufacturing plants, in Colombia, Panama and India, expanded manufacturing plants in Brazil and Malaysia, and opened a technical center in India. In the past 18 months, we have invested $140 million in new product capacity, existing capacity expansions and acquisitions. These investments, many of which are outlined in the following pages, directly support our customers' plans to expand close to growing markets. Grace Construction Products (GCP) demonstrated good year-over-year growth in each quarter of 2011, but full recovery for that segment is dependent upon improvement in the construction macro environment. In mature markets, we are managing this segment for profitability, while in emerging regions, we are managing for growth. With the delayed recovery in Europe, we took actions to improve GCP's overall profitability by repositioning our business in Spain and Portugal. We continue to invest in GCP and we have made four acquisitions in the last two years, including the De Neef Conchem waterproofing acquisition that closed in July 2011.

Fred Festa
Chairman and CEO

· Net income increased 30 percent to $269 million. Thanks to this financial performance in 2011, investors in Grace common stock were rewarded with an annual return of 30 percent, while longer-term investors saw a 5-year total shareholder return of 132 percent. Both measures significantly outperformed the respective total returns of the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 Index and the Standard & Poor's 500 Chemical Industry.

CUSTOMER-FOCUSED GROWTH
Grace's businesses all grew in 2011, led by our Refining Technologies and Specialty Technologies product groups. Customer demand was good throughout the year, except for our packaging product line, which experienced a slowdown in the

FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY
Grace's liquidity and cash generation remain very strong. At year end, cash and cash equivalents totaled more than $1 billion. Cash grew by over $30 million during the year, after deducting

4

W. R. Grace & Co. Annual Report | 2011

almost $145 million for capital expenditures and acquisitions, and $265 million for pension contributions. Our priorities for reinvesting our cash remain unchanged. We intend to invest in the growth of our businesses, including capital expenditures, especially for the emerging regions, and bolt-on acquisitions that complement our existing business portfolio. Any additional available cash will be used to reduce our financing requirements or returned to shareholders in an efficient manner once we have emerged from bankruptcy.

We also have strengthened our enterprise by operating safely and sustainably. Employees continue to embrace our "Lead with Safety" initiative. We aspire to be best-in-class, and become the chemical company that other firms benchmark against.

CHAPTER 11 UPDATE
We made significant progress in our bankruptcy proceedings in the past year. Our Joint Plan of Reorganization was confirmed by the bankruptcy court on January 31, 2011. On January 31, 2012, the U. S. District Court released its ruling, which overruled all objections and confirmed the Joint Plan in its entirety. We are gratified that two federal courts have now ruled that our Joint Plan is fair to all parties. Also on January 31, 2012, we announced an agreement in principle with the claimants in Libby, Montana, and certain other parties, to settle all Libby-related objections to our Joint Plan. We are excited about this agreement because it eliminates further appeals from these parties. This agreement in principle is subject to the execution of definitive agreements and approval of the bankruptcy court. While we are eager to emerge, this year underscored our effectiveness at operating under Chapter 11

protection. The bankruptcy has not been an obstacle in implementing our growth plans of product innovation, geographic expansion, capital investment and acquisition. But, it is due time to put the Joint Plan into effect so that money can begin to flow to claimants who have been waiting to be compensated, and so that Grace can move forward as well.

SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
Our operating performance reflects our careful planning and solid execution. We will build upon our earnings improvement track record. To underline our confidence in Grace's sustainable growth, we introduced an earnings goal of $850 million in Adjusted EBITDA by 2014, representing a 12 percent compounded annual growth rate compared with our 2011 results. We aim to achieve this target through market growth, margin expansion and potential bolt-on acquisitions.

STRENGTHENING THE ENTERPRISE
In November 2011, I announced the transfer of my day-to-day business unit responsibilities to Greg Poling, who was elected President and Chief Operating Officer by the Grace Board of Directors. Greg previously served as President of Grace Davison, Grace's largest operating segment. Since my arrival at Grace in 2003, I have worked to transform Grace into a globally-integrated operating company that shares common business processes. We have made tremendous progress to date, and Greg will use his outstanding leadership skills, experience and record of results to keep us moving forward.

IN CLOSING
We are confident in our goals and in being well-positioned for continued growth. Our shareholders and customers will continue to benefit from our new products, our capacity investments and our productivity efforts. We have the right products, the right customer relationships, the right geographic footprint and the right team to continue to outperform in any environment. I am very proud of all Grace employees, who played such an important role in our success in 2011. We all remain committed to retaining your trust each and every day. Sincerely,

2011 SALES BY REGION
North America Western Europe

32%

$3.2
billion
19%

27%

Latin America

10%

5% Eastern Europe 7%
Middle East and Africa

Asia Pacific

Fred Festa Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2012

W. R. Grace & Co. Annual Report | 2011

5

