 Focused on Leadership
 Shareholders, Customers, Colleagues, and Partners:
In 2012, sluggish U.S. growth, European recession, and currency fluctuations were crowded out of
the headlines by the Euro crises, Hurricane Sandy,
and the American fiscal cliff. Across our business, we faced adverse conditions, uncertainty, and opportunity.
I am proud to commend my colleagues for responding effectively to all three. Their focus and performance were keys to maintaining and expanding Grace’s leadership in so many of the markets we serve.
Based on the efforts of more than 6,500 of my
colleagues around the world, all of the company’s three, “newly unified and focused segments—Grace Catalysts
Technologies, Grace Materials Technologies, and Grace Construction Products—experienced strong growth and increases in operating earnings.
I believe this was because we stayed focused, pinpointing capital investment of $140 million in technology, capacity, and expansion of the Grace product portfolio. We focused on investment and growth in emerging markets; on investment in new technologies and products; and on disciplined cost reduction and productivity as we united our three core segments into an integrated operating company.
 We focused on investment and growth in emerging markets; on investment in new technologies and products; and on disciplined cost reduction and productivity as we united our three core segments into an integrated operating company.
  4
Penetrating emerging markets
In fast-growing emerging markets, we generated solid organic growth and made significant acquisitions, expanding and diversifying our geographic footprint as well as our products. Emerging regions accounted for 37 percent of sales and grew 15 percent compared with 2011.
We acquired the assets of Noblestar Catalysts Co.,
Ltd, located in Qingdao, China, a manufacturer of
fluid catalytic cracking (FCC) catalysts, catalyst intermediates, and related products. We worked towards forming a joint venture with Al Dahra Agricultural Company to build and operate the first Middle East
FCC catalysts and additives plant in Abu Dhabi.
Among other initiatives in our global construction business, we broke ground on our state-of-the-art production facility for waterproofing products in the central Chinese city of Ezhou in the Hubei Province. This effectively will double our production capacity for specialty waterproofing products in the region and beyond.
New products and technologies
In 2012, Advanced Refining Technologies LLC (ART), our joint venture with Chevron Products Company, and Kuwait Catalyst Company (KCC) integrated the KCC site in Shuaiba, Kuwait into ART's global manufacturing network to provide enhanced hydroprocessing catalysts products and services to petroleum refiners in the Arabian Gulf region and around the world.
“

We also entered into an agreement with The Dow Chemical Company to develop new catalysts for polypropylene production.
In Materials Technologies, new products such as SYLOID® MX silica, designed to increase matting efficiency and lower volatile organic compounds in paint products, strengthened our leadership position in the global coatings industry. We were granted four U.S. patents relating to the REVELERIS® X2 Flash Chromatography System, a system with unique and powerful technology that allows researchers in the pharmaceutical industry to accelerate purification and product development.
In Construction Products we invested in both technology and emerging region capacity with the acquisition
of Rheoset Industria e Comercio de Aditivos Ltda., a leading manufacturer of concrete admixtures in Brazil.
Margin improvement through cost control, integration
Strong increases in operating earnings and margin improvement reflected disciplined expense control. Our newly unified structure accelerated operational and supply chain integration. We continued to make solid progress toward common management systems and fully integrated business processes. Significant initiatives in Supply Chain and Sales & Operations Planning contributed important productivity gains, strengthening margins.
Performance Comparison
Grace vs. S&P 500 and S&P 500 Chemical Industry
Progress toward emergence from Chapter 11
In 2012, we made important progress in our Chapter 11 reorganization. In June, the U.S. District Court denied all appeals to the Joint Plan of Reorganization. In January 2013, we filed briefs to address five appeals that remain pending with the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. We anticipate oral arguments in the second quarter of 2013, with rulings to follow.
Strategically positioned for the future
Our actions and investments in 2012—of which I’ve only shared a handful of examples here—enabled Grace not only to address the challenges of the global economy, but also to improve our position for the future. Last year’s extraordinary volatility pressure-tested our business model, our management systems, and our leadership team. Under the seasoned leadership of 35-year Grace veteran, Greg Poling, President and Chief Operating Officer, I am proud of their creativity, insight, discipline, and commitment to safety that enabled us to remain on track toward our long-term financial targets. As we watch for improvement in the global economy, I hope you share my enthusiasm for the opportunities that lie ahead!
Sincerely,
Fred Festa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   $300
$250
$200
$150
$100
 $50
 $0
W. R. Grace & Co.
S&P 500 Index
S&P 500 Chemical Industry
Comparison of Grace’s total shareholder return for the six years ended December 31, 2012, to the combined total shareholder returns of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Chemical Industry. This assumes the investment of $100 on December 31, 2007, and the immediate reinvestment of dividends for dividend-paying stocks.
                        2007 2008
2009 2010 2011
2012
5
