Dear Fellow Shareholders, Customers, Colleagues and Business Partners,
To say that 2009 was a challenging year at Grace is an understatement. We faced the worst global economic downturn that I have experienced in my career. Never before has the market environment been as uncertain as it was in January 2009.
Given that background, I am proud of our overall performance and the way our company responded to the crisis. At the beginning of 2009, we made a company-wide commitment to improve our business and we did. Despite everything going on around us, we never wavered from what makes us who we are: an innovative, customer focused, relentlessly productive leader in the specialty chemicals and materials industry. As part of our normal management process, we prepare business plans at the end of each year for the following year. We did just that in 2008, but in January 2009 it was clear that our visibility into the year ahead was severely limited. The global economic downturn was intensifying at a rapid rate. We shelved the plans that we had prepared just a few months prior and rewrote the way that we would handle the year ahead. Frankly, we planned for the worst. We knew that we could not control the external markets, but there were important performance areas that we could control, including productivity, innovation, inventory, supply chain and capital and expense management, and we did a great job on each of those. We pursued them relentlessly. One area I want to highlight is our performance in generating cash. During early 2009, capital markets were not functioning properly. Because we were working towards emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy, we were concerned about the ability of the financial industry to respond to our need for exit financing. We engaged the entire Grace organization to improve our cash flow with an aggressive target. Employees around the globe responded and exceeded our goal, generating $433.4 million. As we make our final plans to emerge from Chapter 11 in 2010, the amount of financing needed will be greatly reduced because of these efforts. Regardless of location, product group or functional department, employees were also focused on many other financial objectives. Through an intensified and much tighter sales and operations planning process, we reduced inventory on hand by 13 days. Led by our supply chain team, we maximized our $1.8 billion in annual spending power and captured deflation on certain raw materials, services and logistics.

Fred Festa
Chairman, President & CEO

Site Profile

Dallas, Texas

Grace waterproofing products help protect the newest and largest venue in the National Football League.
Read the story about the new Dallas Cowboys Stadium on page 10.

3

Not to be outdone, our sales force and accounts receivable teams worked proactively with customers to reduce past due payments by 3.4 percentage points, an impressive accomplishment in any year, but even more so during an economic crisis.

2009 Sales by Product Group Total $2.8 billion
11% 21% 36%

Productivity is a foundation activity at Grace and one that we relied on significantly in 2009. As volumes declined, we shifted our resources from improving capacity to reducing costs and enhancing the quality of our sales. We validated new materials for our supply chain, reduced utilities through equipment optimization, improved product quality and reduced manufacturing cycle time. In total, our productivity efforts significantly improved our profitability and bottom line. Collectively, our efforts improved gross profit margin to 36.6% by year end 2009. We aggressively focused on expenses and lowered discretionary spending and headcount. These were some of the hardest decisions we had to make, but we had begun that process in 2008 when we saw the early signs of the economic downturn before us. This earlier work made the cuts less drastic than they could have been. While these efforts were ongoing, the timing was appropriate to review our product portfolio. We made the decision to divest our membranes, firestopping and pipeline protection product lines that were outside our core areas, and in the process realized cash proceeds of over $35 million. We also converted our Advanced Refining Technologies LLC joint venture with Chevron Products Company to an equal partnership, enhancing the scalability and future growth potential of this business, which is benefiting from increasingly stringent fuel specifications. Despite the economic turmoil, we still invested for the future, in particular, in the emerging global regions. We opened new manufacturing plants to expand our global footprint and bring resources closer to customers in locations as diverse as Australia and India. We shifted employees from mature markets to growing economies, including relocating researchers, sales managers and business directors from North America and Europe to Asia Pacific and Latin America. As employees took new assignments, they brought with them a greater sharing of best practices and a deeper understanding of our customers' needs. In some cases, we consolidated our operations, but with a focus always on customer needs. In Spain, we brought together the customer service functions for Grace Construction Products that had previously been scattered across Europe. The move enabled us to standardize customer service protocols and cross-train among product lines, allowing for enhanced support and increased productivity. No matter the location, we reached out to third parties and universities in a way that we hadn't in the past. New product development is central to Grace's growth because it offers customers differentiated products and better value, which in turn enable our customers to improve their own offerings. We used open innovation to identify new opportunities and launched products for industries ranging from pharmaceutical to packaging to refining, with several earning special distinctions, including being named among the top 100 technological advances of the year by R&D Magazine in 2009. We expect the pace of innovation to only increase in 2010.

32%

n $1.0 billion Grace Davison Refining Technologies n $0.9 billion Grace Construction Products n $0.6 billion Grace Davison Materials Technologies n $0.3 billion Grace Davison Specialty Technologies

2009 Sales by Region
7% 18% 39%

36%

n $1.1 billion Europe, Middle East and Africa n $1.0 billion North America n $0.5 billion Asia Pacific n $0.2 billion Latin America

4

In addition to the economic hurdles, we faced two important legal challenges. The first was the criminal trial concerning discontinued Grace operations in Libby, Montana and the second was getting our Joint Plan of Reorganization approved by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court. In May 2009, a jury of 12 Montana citizens returned not-guilty verdicts on all counts in the criminal case. We always believed that Grace and its former executives had acted properly and that a jury would come to the same conclusion when confronted with the evidence. We made significant progress in moving our Joint Plan of Reorganization forward during 2009, completing confirmation hearings and settling a number of Plan objections. As you read this report, we await the decision of the Bankruptcy Court on approval of our Plan, one of the final steps of our nine-year pursuit to emerge from the confines of Chapter 11 status. I look forward to shedding the constraints of bankruptcy as soon as we can. Through the hard work and dedication of Grace people around the world, we finished 2009 better positioned for the future than when we entered it. We are motivated to capture opportunities that will help make us a stronger competitor. I am certain that in 2010 we will continue to build on our momentum. Sincerely,

Fred Festa Chairman, President & CEO

"Through the hard work and dedication of Grace people around the world, we finished 2009 better positioned for the future than when we entered it."

FINANCIAL

Highlights
2009
$2,825.0 $81.2 $0.98 72.6 $893.0 $433.4

Amounts in millions, except per share data NET SALES NET INCOME Diluted EPS WEIGHTED AVERAGE DILUTED SHARES OUTSTANDING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES(1)

2008
$3,317.0 $136.9 $1.68 72.5 $460.1 $15.0

2007
$3,115.2 $113.3 $1.24 71.6 $480.5 $100.2

(1) Net cash provided by operating activities includes payments of $54.2 million, $321.3 million and $102.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, for Chapter 11 expenses and settlements of contingencies subject to Chapter 11. Net cash provided by operating activities before Chapter 11 expenses and settlements was $487.6 million, $336.3 million and $202.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov for additional information on our business, proposed plan of reorganization and other legal proceedings, and our financial condition and results of operations.

5

