Fellow Shareholders:
2010 was a period of strong performance for
Goldman Sachs in the context of a challenging year.
We contended with uncertainty about the outlook for
the global economy, questions about the future of
regulation and signifi cant scrutiny of our industry and
Goldman Sachs. Despite these considerable challenges,
our results were driven by two related and critical
factors: (1) our clients, who turned to Goldman Sachs
for advice and execution across a broad set of global
businesses and (2) the focused commitment and dedication
of our people to serving our clients’ needs and to
strengthening our culture of teamwork and excellence.
For 2010, the fi rm generated net revenues of
$39.2 billion with net earnings of $8.4 billion. Diluted
earnings per common share were $13.18 and our
return on average common shareholders’ equity was
13.1 percent, excluding the U.K. bank payroll tax, the
SEC settlement and the impairment of our New York
Stock Exchange Designated Market Maker rights. Book
value per common share increased 10 percent during
2010, and has grown from $20.94 at the end of our
fi rst year as a public company in 1999 to $128.72,
a compounded annual growth rate of 18 percent over
this period.
The Business Standards Committee
When we wrote to you last year, few would have
predicted what the fi rm would experience and have to
work through in 2010. The SEC charge, a high-profi le
congressional hearing and extraordinary press attention
punctuated a period of scrutiny and criticism. Having
faced those challenges, we also believe that few would
have predicted that Goldman Sachs would execute for
our clients and otherwise perform like we have. We want
to thank our shareholders for believing in Goldman Sachs,
our clients for supporting us and our people for their
steadfastness and teamwork.
Still, we have heard the criticisms loudly and clearly.
At the very least, we must have presented ourselves in a
way that made us susceptible to being criticized. And,
as the year progressed, it became increasingly clear that
there was a disconnect between how we as a fi rm viewed
ourselves and how the broader public perceived our role
and activities in the market. We recognized this as an
opportunity to initiate a process of introspection and
thorough self-assessment to consider how we can
and should improve.Through the Business Standards Committee (BSC),
we examined what we do and how we do it. As part of this process, we drew on the important input
of more than 200 clients who were surveyed through non-attributable,
in-depth, in-person discussions conducted by an independent consulting firm.
We made recommendations for change spanning client service, confl icts and business selection, structured
products, transparency and disclosure, committee governance and training and professional development.
One particular area of interest for our shareholders has been the changes we made in our fi nancial reporting
and disclosure. First, we reorganized our reporting
segments to provide greater clarity and visibility on the
critical importance of our client franchise and client
facilitation to our results. Second, we are supplementing
our balance sheet with a more simplifi ed presentation
that generally allocates assets to our businesses and
shows the firm’s excess liquidity position. Third, we are
describing in greater detail our overall risk management
structure, culture and processes. And, lastly, we are
providing additional disclosure related to credit risk,
operational risk and capital adequacy.
More generally, we also have increased our
engagement with a broad range of constituencies to
communicate the roles we play on behalf of our
clients and services we provide to support economic
growth and opportunity. hen we look back on 2010, we believe that what
will have the most important and lasting impact on
Goldman Sachs and what we will be most proud of is the
work of the Business Standards Committee and what it
represents — a fundamental re-commitment to our clients;
a re-commitment to reputational excellence associated with
everything the fi rm does; a re-commitment to transparency
of our business performance and risk management
practices; a re-commitment to strong, accountable
processes that re-emphasize the importance of appropriate
behavior and doing the right thing; and a re-commitment
to making Goldman Sachs a better institution.
In the life of every institution, there are important
moments in which its mission and processes can and
should be re-invigorated. To this end, we know our people
are already acting on the BSC’s recommendations and
embracing their spirit.
The work of the BSC and the priority on having the
highest quality business standards and practices are a
powerful basis from which we are able to focus on the
future — to identify the opportunities where we can
most effectively serve our clients and use our skills and
experience to support our mission of allocating capital
in order to fund growth and innovation.
Our Mission
As we write to you in early 2011, the global economy
appears to be improving — recovery is beginning to take
hold. While economies continue to face a number of
challenges, especially in the labor market, we are seeing
client activity across our businesses picking up. Many of
the CEOs we advise around the world are expressing
greater confi dence in the rate of future growth and
are more oriented to making capital expenditures and
other investments.
Goldman Sachs plays important roles as an advisor
and fi nancier to help companies raise capital to grow
existing businesses and invest in new ones. These roles
are part of a process that is at the heart of stimulating
economic growth and stability.
Additionally, as a market maker and risk manager,
we help governments, corporations and investing
institutions buy and sell fi nancial instruments in order to
realize their investment objectives. As an asset manager,
we help companies, pension funds, mutual funds,
individual investors and others preserve and grow their
financial assets. many respects, our job is to match the capital of
our investing clients — who aim to grow the savings of
millions of people — with the needs of our corporate and
government clients — who rely on fi nancing to generate
growth, create jobs and deliver products and services.
On either side of this equation, we often will assume
and
manage risks from our clients so that they can
concentrate on their underlying businesses.
Economies need strong, healthy fi
nancial institutions
to do their critical part to help spur growth and
innovation. Goldman Sachs is ready
to support and help
galvanize capital raising, investment,
strategic planning
and, more broadly, economic activity.
Trends, Growth and Opportunities
The global economy, fi nancial markets and the fi nancial
services industry continue to deal with the signifi cant
effects of the fi nancial crisis. However, we believe it is
important to recognize the structural trends that
remain unshaken and consider how Goldman Sachs is
positioned so that it can continue to meet our goal of
generating industry leading returns. While the nature of
our business does not lend itself to predictable earnings
on a quarterly basis, over the long term, we remain
committed to providing our shareholders with returns
on equity at or near the top of our industry while
continuing to grow book value and earnings per share.
Goldman Sachs’ ability to address and tap into
important economic and fi nancial trends through our
roles as advisor, fi nancier, market maker and asset
manager will be critical to fulfi lling our mission to help
spur growth and perform strongly as a fi rm.
These continuing trends include technological
advancement, certain macro-economic and demographic
developments and the rise of the BRICs and other
growth markets. There has also been a necessary and
important focus on regulation, which will affect the
industry. At this point, however, it is impossible to say
to what extent with any degree of precision.  believe the core and durable elements of these
trends are benefi
cial and play to the strengths of our
fi rm. In the case of fi nancial regulation, for example,
institutions will be required to hold more, high-quality
capital, and we are well-positioned in that regard. In
considering the rise of the BRICs, rapid income growth
and development will power the expansion of the global
capital markets. Our strengths — responding to change
nimbly, making long-term investments in our global
franchise and attracting and retaining talented people —
give us the best foundation from which we can
position the fi rm to realize the opportunities that will
ultimately emerge.
Regulation
The Dodd-Frank legislation and new capital and
liquidity requirements under Basel 3 are two of the more
signifi cant outcomes from the recent focus on enhancing
fi nancial stability. Given regulatory implementation is
only just beginning, we don’t yet know in detail how the
new rules will ultimately impact the industry. The broad
contours of new regulation, however, are clear: improve
the safety and soundness of the global fi nancial system,
increase the transparency of derivatives markets, limit
certain investing activities and reduce the consequences
of a failure of a large fi nancial institution.
In terms of the safety and soundness of the financial
system, Basel 3 guidelines have focused on bolstering the
capital and liquidity profi
les of fi nancial institutions tobetter respond to shocks. With the global shift towards
higher levels of capital and liquidity, we believe our
conservative fi nancial profi le leaves us well positioned to
meet new regulatory requirements. We have signifi cantly
bolstered our Basel 1 Tier 1 common ratio over the
past two years through earnings and capital raises. Over
90 percent of our total shareholders’ equity is in the
form of common equity. e also continue to maintain a very liquid balance
sheet, with our global liquidity pool during 2010
averaging $168 billion or nearly 20 percent of our total
assets. While the Basel Liquidity Coverage Ratio has yet
to be fi nalized, we believe we are comfortably in excess
of its minimum requirements. We will take advantage
of our strong position to continue to invest in long-term
growth opportunities and return excess capital to
shareholders as appropriate.
As part of reducing systemic risk relating to the
trading of OTC derivatives, there has been a lot of
focus on central clearing platforms. We have long been
supportive of central clearing because we believe it will
improve the safety of the system by reducing counterparty
risk — running more derivatives exposures through
the risk management and multilateral netting of
clearing houses will reduce the risk of fi
rms being too
interconnected to fail. This also will contribute to
greater transparency, particularly for regulators.
While we believe that central clearing platforms
are very important, it is equally important that they be
well-run, with the right risk management, governance
and regulatory oversight. A central clearing house
may reduce counterparty risk; it certainly will not
eliminate it. In fact, because clearing houses represent
a concentration of fi
nancial activity, they may become
an even greater locus for systemic risk if not managed
well — exacerbating a problem they were meant to solve.
And, in the end, it is the capital of clearing members that
ultimately underpins the strength of the clearing house.
In terms of activity restrictions, the Volcker Rule
will restrict proprietary trading activities and many fund
investments. These businesses, historically, have not
been a substantial driver of the fi rm’s performance. In
response to the new rule, we have already liquidated
substantially all of the positions that had been held
within Goldman Sachs Principal Strategies, our long/
short proprietary trading desk, and we have commenced
the liquidation of the positions that had been held by
our Global Macro Proprietary Trading Desk, which traded in the fixed income markets.
As regulators move to implement the Volcker Rule,
it will be important that market making — buying
and selling on behalf of our clients — is not materially
impacted. If activities essential to market making were
to be viewed as proprietary and impermissible, then
fi nancial intermediaries will be unable to commit their
capital, which, at best, would reduce market liquidity
and increase the costs of transactions.
With respect to our merchant bank, its core activity —
investing for clients — will continue to be integral to our
overall strategy. As an investment bank, we are asked
by our clients to be an advisor, fi nancier and supplier of
equity, mezzanine and debt capital. We can still meet
this client need with investment funds under the Volcker
Rule, but with less of our own money invested.
Technology
A second critical trend is technological innovation,
which has had a lasting impact on the structure and
effi ciency of global capital markets. In short, technology
is a core part of our product offering and client
experience. Our ability to respond quickly and effectively
to address our clients’ needs with customized systems,
products and services helps differentiate the firm. With that in mind, it is difficult to overstate the
importance of investing in this area. Technology is
our largest division with over 8,000 people, more than
double the size it was in 2000.
While there is signifi cant uncertainty over how new
regulation will impact individual businesses or market
structure more broadly, what is certain is that technology
will play a central role. As such, we will continue to
focus on building off our best-in-class systems and
accelerating the transition of certain businesses to either
more high-touch or low-touch operating models.
A particular technological competitive advantage for
Goldman Sachs is that we have only one central risk
system, which is partially a byproduct of not having done
multiple, major acquisitions that often require merging
and retrofi tting platforms. ulation of the OTC derivatives market will drive
greater transparency and automation. Conventional
wisdom suggests that greater transparency pressures
margins and reduces profi tability. While transparency
can reduce margins, it also introduces new opportunities
in the form of greater client participation and product
innovation. Both of these trends ultimately drive increased
volumes and revenues.
Realizing that no two markets evolve in exactly
the same way, we can draw parallels between the current
OTC derivative markets and our past experiences
in both Equities and Foreign Exchange. In the equity
markets, a series of events began in the late 1990s with
changes to NASDAQ order handling rules, followed
by decimalization in 2000 and improvements to price
execution and discovery in 2005.
Over time, commission rates and spreads declined
and volumes rose signifi cantly. We invested in technology
to drive operating effi ciencies and generate market share
gains. At the same time, our Equities headcount declined
from peak levels of nearly 5,000 during the tech bubble
to roughly 2,500 today. In addition, opportunities for
new product innovation and tailored hedging solutions
for clients are often a function of lower transaction
costs for the underlying instruments.
We saw similar trends in our FX business, where
today 98 percent of interdealer spot FX is traded
electronically across a diverse set of execution venues.
And, over the past fi ve years, our G10 franchise volumes
have doubled and revenues have increased nearly
70 percent, while headcount is largely fl at. As a result,
pre-tax margins are more than one and one-half
times higher. Economic and Demographic Trends
Despite the significant upheavals caused by the financial crisis, the expansion of the global economy continues.
Our research estimates that Global GDP will grow by four percent per annum over the next 10 years, principally
driven by growth markets. The trend of urbanization also
continues, for example, with 400 million people projected
to move into Chinese urban centers by 2050. A growing
global middle class will likely result in an increasing
demand for commodities. Not surprisingly, there has been a significant expansion of commodity rich economies like
the Middle East and Russia.In developed economies, like Japan, aging populations
will continue to increase the level of pension assets.
In addition, pools of capital in sovereign wealth funds in
both developed and emerging economies are expected
to grow from $3 trillion to $10 trillion of assets in
the next decade. These concentrated pools of capital will
drive business opportunities for Goldman Sachs.
The Growth Markets
We view the BRICs and other growth markets as one
of the most signifi cant opportunities for our global
franchise. If one thinks back to the sentiment right
after the worst of the fi nancial crisis passed, many
commentators began to wonder if investors had put too
much faith in the ability of growth markets, including
China, to withstand particularly diffi
cult economic
conditions. In fact, some growth markets started to see
signifi cant outfl ows of capital.
Today, it is clear that the BRICs and other growth
economies are anchors for the global economy. As
tumultuous and signifi cant as the fi nancial crisis was, we
continue to believe that this will be the century of the
BRICs and other growth markets. If anything, our view
of the BRICs was validated by how well they performed
during the financial crisis. Over the last few years, we’ve generated roughly
50 percent of our revenues from the Americas, 30 percent
from Europe, and 20 percent from Asia. We believe this
revenue mix positions Goldman Sachs as one of the most
diverse of our U.S. peers. Another way to look at our
revenue composition is to differentiate between “developed
markets” such as the U.S. and Continental Europe, and
“growth markets” such as China and Brazil. While
refl ecting a higher contribution from growth markets in
recent years, revenues in the growth markets since 2006
have represented 12 percent of total fi
rmwide revenues —
with much more room to grow.
We believe that both GDP growth and the relative
fi scal stability of many growth countries are trends that
should drive revenue opportunities across all of our
businesses. In China and India, income growth and rapid
urbanization will drive signifi
cant infrastructure demand.
This projected investment exceeds $4 trillion in the next
decade, and much of it can be fi nanced domestically.
Companies in growth markets are also becoming more
relevant global players. In China, for instance, the volume
of cross-border deals has grown more than fi ve times
since 2005. In addition, we’ve seen an extraordinary increase in
debt and equity underwriting volumes from growth
markets in the past 10 years as clients seek out fi nancing
solutions to support their growth. Over the past fi ve
years, we’ve seen nearly three times the number of capital
raisings in India than we saw in the previous 10.
The need to fund growth in China has also created
an extremely active local equity market. Total market
capitalization of Chinese companies has grown at a
compound annual rate of 33 percent from 2002 through
2010, and its global share is expected to more than
double to 28 percent over the next 20 years. There are
almost as many Asian companies with one billion dollar
plus market capitalization as there are such companies
in the U.S. and Europe combined.
Stable and growing capital markets also drive
opportunities for our market making businesses. In Latin
America, the number of our trading clients has increased
nearly 25 times over the last 10 years.
Finally, growth markets contain large and growing
pools of capital. Two hundred of the largest institutions
in Asia excluding Japan manage $14 trillion of assets,
but only 15 percent are current Goldman Sachs clients.
Growth markets also present important opportunities
for our private wealth management business. In
Latin America alone there are over 10,000 families with
investable assets in excess of $30 million.
Similar to developed markets, our success in growth
markets has been contingent upon our ability to attract
and retain strong talent. Since 2003, our headcount
in growth markets has increased by a compound annual
growth rate of 32 percent, while our fi rmwide headcount
has grown by only seven percent. Nearly 7,000 people,
or roughly 20 percent of our headcount, are domiciled
in growth markets.
In 2010, we recruited from 120 universities in
growth markets, and 15 percent of 2010 new hires are
from these economies versus eight percent just five years
ago. We are gratified that Goldman Sachs continues
to be an employer of choice in these markets and
around the world. Globally, in 2010, nearly 90 percent
of the full-time undergraduates and graduates as
well as summer recruits who received an offer from
Goldman Sachs accepted that offer. Corporate Engagement
Finally, we are pleased to report signifi cant progress
over the course of 2010 across our strategic, public
engagement initiatives. Taken together, these initiatives
represent one of the largest corporate philanthropic
programs ever. Size, however, is not a substitute for
impact. We believe that these programs will produce
positive outcomes over many years. We are confi dent
that they will help thousands of individuals to have a
better chance of reaching their potential or securing their
future. They also galvanize our people to act and get
involved. They represent an effective model of corporate
engagement — leveraging the fi rm’s skills, business and
ability to bring different constituencies together and
create new partnerships. Lastly, creative and meaningful
initiatives help us to recruit and retain talented people
who are committed to making a difference in every
aspect of their lives.
10,000 Women
As we approach the third anniversary of
10,000 Women, the program is today well on its way to providing a
business and management education to thousands of
underserved women globally. Binding together a global
network of over 70 world-class partners and operating
in 22 countries — from China to India, from Afghanistan
to the Americas, throughout Africa and the Middle East —
over 3,000 women have participated in the program
to date. We are very pleased that
10,000 Women is having a real impact in the countries where it operates:
six months after graduation, nearly 71 percent of
alumnae have increased revenues and over 50 percent
have added new jobs.
10,000 Small Businesses
10,000 Small Businesses, a $500 million, fi ve-year
program aimed at catalyzing economic growth and job
creation potential in the United States, has already
reached nearly 200 small businesses, with partnerships
established in New York, Los Angeles, Long Beach,
New Orleans and Houston. Inaugural classes have
graduated from LaGuardia Community College in
Queens, New York, Los Angeles City College and
Long Beach Community College District. To help more
small businesses get the capital they need to grow, we are
partnering with Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFIs) to provide loans to small businesses.
We are pleased to be working with the National
Development Council, Seedco Financial Services, Inc.,Valley
Economic Development Center, Inc. and Hope
Enterprise Corporation and look forward to joining with
additional CDFIs to create more access to capital.
And, consistent with the priority of pairing our
people with our programs, over 150 of our own people
have engaged directly with small business owners,
reviewing business plans, providing fi nancial analysis
and offering strategic advice. We also have launched the
program in the United Kingdom, specifi cally in Leeds
and Manchester. This is the fi
rst initiative of its kind to
bring together small businesses and social enterprises
to offer a business education, mentoring and networking
to drive economic growth. Goldman Sachs Gives
Goldman Sachs Gives
, our donor-advised fund
established
in 2007, was infused with $500 million
in 2009 and $320 million in 2010. Compensation
was reduced to fund these charitable contributions.
Goldman Sachs Gives
is already creating impact in four
strategic areas — increasing educational opportunities,
building and stabilizing communities, honoring service
and veterans and creating jobs and economic growth.
In 2010, over $210 million has been distributed to
nonprofi t organizations across the four areas above
including over $40 million in support of need-based
fi nancial aid, scholarships, and other educational
programs. Examples of commitments made in 2010
include: $20 million to the Harlem Children’s Zone, an
innovative and successful model for breaking the cycle
of generational poverty, focusing on a comprehensive
“cradle to college” approach; and, $20 million to
support a network of nonprofi ts helping wounded and
disabled veterans return to civilian life through job
placement, readiness, family support and counseling.
Conclusion
As in the past, our shareholder returns will continue to
be dependent on: (1) the pace and sustainability of global
economic growth; (2) the degree to which our clients are
active in the capital markets; (3) the broad set of
opportunities available to the fi rm and our ability to act
upon them; and (4) the strength of our culture, driven by
talented, innovative and team-oriented individuals.
Looking forward, we are confi dent that Goldman Sachs
is well-positioned to adapt and grow as economies,
markets and our clients’ needs evolve.
As we think about our industry in the last
30 years, it has often fought change fearing it was
revolution as opposed to evolution. The world evolves,
and for the fi nancial services industry, the combination
of economic forces, regulation and technology will
mandate change producing more effi cient markets, more
competitive fi rms and more resilient economies. Some
will fi ght change given the uncertainty that comes with
it, but embracing change early has been fundamental
to Goldman Sachs’ success.
In the last dozen years, Goldman Sachs has responded
to a number of developments. We went from being an
advisor to an integrated, larger scale provider of advice,
financing and co-investment; from a largely domestic firm
to a global one; from a smaller, private fi rm to a public Fortune 50 company.
Being nimble is a very large part of our culture
and our success story. Staying close to our clients and
listening to their evolving needs reinforces our
willingness to accept and adapt to change. Of course, it
is impossible to predict the future. That is why our
enduring commitment to our client franchise and the
hard work, commitment and collaboration of our people
will remain cornerstones of our long-term success.
Lloyd C. Blankfein
Chairman and Chief Executive Offi cer
Gary D. Cohn
President and Chief Operating Offi cer

