   From right: HENRY M. PAULSON, JR. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer JOHN A. THAIN President and Co-Chief Operating Officer JOHN L. THORNTON President and Co-Chief Operating Officer
2 GOLDMAN SACHS 2002 ANNUAL REPORT
Fellow Shareholders:
It was a challenging year for Goldman Sachs. The business environment was perhaps the most difficult in recent history, marked by weak or negative growth throughout much of the world, international uncertainty, the third consecutive year of broad equities market declines and the continued aftermath of the technology/telecom- munications bubble collapse.
As a firm, we cannot control the external forces that shape the business climate. What we can control is how we manage our business and execute our strategy. On those terms, Goldman Sachs’ 2002 results demonstrated the firm’s resilience and ability to produce a solid perform- ance for shareholders.
Net earnings for the year were $2.11 billion, on total net revenues of $13.99 billion. Earnings per diluted share were $4.03, down 5% from 2001. Return on shareholders’ equity was 11% for the year, and return on tangible shareholders’ equity was 15%. Evident in this performance were both the strength and diversity of the Goldman Sachs franchise and our discipline concerning expense reduction. This performance also reflected, as it has throughout the 133 years since the firm’s founding, in good times and bad, the quality of the people of Goldman Sachs and their ability to develop and execute business.

  BOARD OF DIRECTORS / MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In December, we announced that William George, former Chairman and CEO of Medtronic, Inc., was joining our Board of Directors. Bill fills the seat Steve Friedman left when he retired to become Assistant to the President for Economic Policy
and Director of the National Economic Council. We will miss Steve’s contributions to the Board, although we are gratified that President Bush
will have the benefit of his counsel. And we are fortunate to gain a new director of Bill’s caliber. Morris Chang and Meg Whitman also resigned as directors late in 2002. We are grateful for their dedication and insights as directors. In February 2003, in light of the announced retirement of Bob Hurst, the Board nominated Lloyd Blankfein, a Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs with responsi- bility for our securities businesses, to stand for election to our Board of Directors at the April 1 Annual Meeting. We look forward to having Lloyd as a new director and we thank Bob for his contributions to our Board.
Over the past year we changed the ranks
of our senior leadership to meet the challenging business environment and to ensure the best possible service to our clients. Lloyd Blankfein, Bob Steel and Rob Kaplan were appointed Vice Chairmen and asked to take on expanded man- agement responsibilities. In addition, Masanori Mochida, Suzanne Nora Johnson, John Weinberg, Gary Cohn, Chris Cole, Michael Evans, Scott Kapnick, Peter Kraus, Eric Mindich, Tom Montag, Eric Schwartz, Michael Sherwood and Andrew Melnick joined the firm’s Management Committee over the course of 2002. These individuals bring
a wealth of talent and experience and a diversity of perspectives to the Committee.
CONCLUSION
One of the most meaningful tests of individuals and organizations is how well they handle adver- sity. In 2002, the people of Goldman Sachs rose to meet the challenges of the environment and events with great distinction and considerable success.
We anticipate that the coming year will con- tinue to be difficult, with slow growth in most of our major markets. The international situation, particularly in the Middle East and Asia, is of concern to us all, and will affect market conditions in ways that cannot be predicted. And we believe that close scrutiny of the securities industry and its role in the late 1990s bubble will continue.
However, there is no question that today Goldman Sachs is a stronger firm than we were only a year ago, and well positioned to benefit from the broad secular forces that, despite recent setbacks, are driving profound and lasting global change. As a result, we have even greater confi- dence in Goldman Sachs’ longer-term prospects and success.
HENRY M. PAULSON, JR.
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
JOHN A. THAIN
President and
Co-Chief Operating Officer
JOHN L. THORNTON
President and
Co-Chief Operating Officer
Letter to Shareholders
   (1) Thomson Financial Securities Data — January 1, 2002 through December 31, 2002.
GOLDMAN SACHS 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 5
