fellow shareholders:
2004
was an outstanding year for Goldman Sachs —
the
strongest performance in the firm’s history.
Net revenues
increased
28% to a record
$20.55
billion
and net
earnings
rose
52%
to a record
$4.55
billion.
Earnings
per diluted
share (EPS) were
$8.92, the highest
we have ever reported,
and our return on average
tangible shareholders’
equity
was 25%, compared with
20% in 2003.
Our success in
2004
can be attributed to many factors and
demonstrates the remarkable potential of our firm. Most
importantly, our results reflect the strength of our franchise,
the depth of our client relationships across all of our
businesses and our leading positions in the most important
financial markets around the world. We also benefited
from steps taken in earlier, more difficult years to restructure
certain of our businesses and build for the future.
This year, like many before it, was marked by a number
of rapidly shifting markets. Our ability to navigate these
changes and effectively manage our risks strengthened our
results. As we have remarked before, we cannot control the
environment, but we strive to outperform our peers in all
market environments. We are particularly pleased that our
relative performance was very strong.
It is worth noting that we won’t always be as fortunate
as we were in
2004. But we are energized by the challenge
and optimistic about the future. Our long-term success has
deep roots — in our client relationships, our willingness to
commit capital and to manage risk, our global reach, our
nimbleness and, above all, our people and reputation. It
is the combination of these attributes that enabled us to
serve our clients and to generate attractive returns for our
shareholders in
2004.
Along with people around the world, Goldman Sachs was
stunned by the devastation caused by the earthquake and
subsequent tsunamis in South Asia in late December
2004.
Our response was immediate and focused. Within hours of
the disaster, the firm was working to ensure that our people in
the area were safe. Within days, we had partnered with our
contacts in the non-profit community— including
CARE, Japan Red Cross Society, the International Rescue Committee
and AmeriCares — to identify the most urgent needs in the
regions and to provide assistance to those impacted by the
disaster. Beyond our immediate response, Goldman Sachs
remains committed to assisting over the long term through
supporting initiatives to rebuild the physical and economic
infrastructures of the impacted countries. We believe that our
business success is accompanied by a responsibility to act,
and the response of our people to this tragedy underscores the
strength of this belief throughout the firm.
Investment Banking
Investment banking activity began to recover during
2004. Global completed mergers and acquisitions increased
33% compared with 2003
and worldwide common stock issuance
nearly doubled. Our net revenues in Investment Banking
increased 24% to $3.37
billion and pre-tax earnings almost
doubled to
$401
million. In 2004, we maintained leadership positions in our most
important high-margin businesses. In mergers and acquisitions,
we ranked number one globally in announced and completed
activity for the seventh consecutive year and advised on seven
of the ten largest completed transactions. We also demonstrated
the strength of our equity underwriting franchise, ranking
second in worldwide common stock and initial public
offerings with leadership positions in every major region.
In leveraged finance, we continued to strengthen our global
business and we have been at the forefront of the growth of
the hybrid loan market, particularly working with financial
sponsor clients.
In a period in which trading results are more significant
than ever to the industry’s performance, some may under-
estimate the importance of Investment Banking. We believe it
is difficult to overstate the importance of Investment Banking
to our firm. Our traditional role as an advisor and underwriter
will always be a critical part of our business. In addition, in
today’s rapidly changing markets, corporate clients are
increasingly asking us to help them manage their risk by
acting as a principal. These opportunities are an attractive
source of transactions and come from the strength of our
relationships and the depth of our market knowledge.
o better serve our clients, in
2004
we created a global
financing group by combining our traditional equity and debt
capital markets underwriting areas with our financing and
liability hedging businesses. Through this combination,
we are able to offer our clients a full range of customized
financing and hedging alternatives to meet their needs more
effectively. Early in
2005
, the financing group was combined
with Investment Banking, bringing together our strategic,
corporate-facing businesses.
Delivering the resources of the entire firm to our clients in
a seamless fashion, with Investment Banking as “front of the
house,” is one of the most challenging things we do. It is also
one of the most rewarding. Our ability to serve our clients
with firmwide resources is a critical competitive advantage
and stems directly from our culture of teamwork.
Barring unforeseen shocks, we expect a continued gradual
recovery in the level of investment banking activity. Capital
raising and strategic activity are directly linked to economic
growth as well as to
CEO
and investor confidence. While
confidence has certainly increased from the lows of a few years
ago, further increases are needed to produce more robust
Investment Banking results.
Trading and Principal Investments
Trading and Principal Investments once again produced
a record performance in
2004
. Net revenues increased
28%
to
$13
.
33
billion and pre-tax earnings were up
44%
to
$5
.
04
billion.
Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (
FICC
)
produced a remarkable performance, with net revenues of
$7
.
32
billion up
31%
from
2003
’s record. Throughout
2004
,
the environment for our
FICC
businesses changed continually.
While absolute interest rates remained low, the yield curve
flattened during the year as the
U
.
S
. Federal Reserve raised
short-term interest rates four times. Credit spreads ended the
year at very tight levels. Currency markets, dormant for much
of the year, moved dramatically in the fourth quarter as the
U
.
S
. dollar declined markedly. Commodities prices were
exceptionally volatile throughout the year, prompting record
levels of activity by producers and consumers of energy and
raw materials.
Against this backdrop, our strong performance under
-
scores the breadth of our customer franchise across
FICC
.
Each of our major
FICC
businesses — interest rate products,
credit products, mortgages, currencies and commodities — is
large enough to have a meaningful impact on
FICC
’s overall
results in any quarter. At the same time, it is rare for any one
of these businesses to be a dominant portion of our total
FICC
net revenues in a given period. Coupled with our culture of
outstanding client service, we believe this “strength in breadth”
has been a critical advantage in recent years and positions
us well for the future.
As we enter a period of rising interest rates, many wonder
about the potential effect on our
FICC
performance. Our
experience is that customer activity is the key driver of
FICC
.
Clients are drawn to the market by the desire to hedge, to
reallocate investments, to capture upside or to limit downside.
Today, with deep and liquid derivatives markets and a
broader client base than ever before, the existence of a trend
in prices and activity has become as important as the direction
of prices. These developments, coupled with the diversity of
our
FICC
businesses, helps to explain why the increase in
interest rates in
2004
did not lead to dramatic declines in
FICC
revenues. To be clear, this does not mean that risk has been
reduced. On the contrary, our willingness to take and manage
risk is more critical than ever to our clients, who are the core
of our trading franchise.
Turning to our other major trading business, Equities net
revenues grew
9% in 2004 to $4.67
billion. Our equities
products group net revenues increased as a result of higher
customer activity in shares and derivatives globally. The
principal strategies group also recorded higher net revenues
compared with
2003. While equity markets increased in the
early part of
2004, much of the year was characterized by
directionless markets, with lower volumes and declining
volatility, before a pickup in the last weeks of our fiscal year.
The equities business continues to face significant
challenges, including declining commission rates driven by
intense competition and our clients’ focus on managing trans-
action costs. These challenges in turn create new requirements
for us. For example, our clients more frequently ask us to
trade for them in a way that guarantees their execution price
rather than by having us act as a pure intermediary. This
can still be excellent business for us, but it places demands
on our capital and requires us to accept greater risk than
we did in the past.
In addition, the structure of equity markets continues to
be in a state of flux, with trading rule changes and market
reforms being contemplated by a range of regulatory bodies.
While our success is not tied to any particular equity market
structure, we will try to determine the optimal outcome for
our clients and our shareholders as alternatives are reviewed.
Regardless of the structure of markets, our primary goal is to
continue to serve our clients and thereby retain our leadership
in global equities.
While some of these developments are challenging, we
have been pleased with our performance in Equities. We
believe our strength across the trading business equips us
very well to adapt to changes in the way equities are traded.
As with FICC, the size and breadth of our Equities franchise
is key. It includes our sales and trading operation, a leading
direct market access capability, a dominant prime broker, our
long-standing proprietary trading business and a commitment
to providing world class research.
In Equities, we reduced costs during the downturn of
2001-2003
and, more importantly, restructured our business
to address the challenges outlined above. We have also
worked to match service levels to our clients’ needs and
our own revenue potential. This effort has involved some
believe it is firmly in the interests of our clients and share
-
holders that we concentrate our resources where they will
have the most impact.
Principal Investments had strong results in 2004, with net revenues more than doubling to
$1.33 billion. This included a
$771
million unrealized gain on our investment in
convertible preferred stock of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Group (SMFG), reflecting a continued economic recovery in
Japan. Almost two years after we invested
$1.25 billion,
our convertible preferred is now carried at
$2.56 billion.
We are very pleased with this investment, which was made
possible by our strong relationship with
SMFG, developed
over many years. It is a prime example of our willingness to
commit capital to the mutual benefit of our clients and
our shareholders.
Our traditional corporate and real estate investing
business also performed very well in
2004, generating gains
and overrides of
$561
million. After the technology and
telecom boom of the late
1990s, we returned this business to
its traditional merchant banking model of investing larger
amounts in mature companies. This strategy paid off in
2004,
as we were able to take advantage of the credit and equity
markets recoveries and harvest some of these investments.
And we continue to identify attractive opportunities to invest
our capital in this business.
We view principal investing as a vital part of an integrated
investment bank. Our success in this area stems partly from
our role as an innovator. We helped lead the way in partnering
with other private equity investors, many of whom are also our
clients, to supply the capital required for larger deals and to
spread risk among a wider investor base. We continue to see
this strategy as important to our future success and another
example of how multiple relationships can be managed for
the benefit of our clients.
Asset Management and Securities Services
Our Asset Management and Securities Services businesses
had an excellent year. Net revenues were up
35%
to a record
$3.85 billion, and pre-tax earnings rose
47% to a record $1.42 billion.
In Asset Management, net revenues grew
38%
to a
record
$2.55
billion, as assets under management grew and
incentive fees for exceeding performance benchmarks set a
new record. Net inflows during
2004
were very strong,
totaling
$52
billion across all asset classes, while market
appreciation added
$27
billion. As a result, year-end assets
under management reached a record
$452
billion. There
is no more direct testament to the performance of our
investment strategies than our success in attracting new assets.
This was an exceptional year overall for Asset Management,
with strong asset growth and expanding margins.
Securities Services posted record net revenues of
$1.30 billion, up
29%
from
2003. We continue to benefit from
trends in hedge fund formation, activity levels and asset
flows. We have also had success in winning new mandates
despite ever-increasing competition. Securities Services is
an excellent business, which we have built over many years.
Our consistent commitment to high-quality service for our
clients has made us an industry leader.
Asset Management and Securities Services continue to offer
some of our most attractive opportunities for future growth.
Expenses
Our total operating expenses increased
20%
in
2004, against
a net revenues increase of
28%. Most of our expenses related
to compensation and benefits, and a majority of that was
discretionary year-end compensation based on the performance
of the firm and our people. Compensation and benefits were
46.7% of net revenues in 2004, against
46.2% in 2003. This
reflects our strong performance as well as an increasingly
competitive environment for talented people. Keeping our
team together is critically important and, more than ever,
we have worked hard to be fair and appropriate in our
compensation decisions.
We have always approached compensation decisions
from the bottom up. Rather than allocating dollars based on
a rigid share of net revenues, we try to determine the right
amount of compensation for each individual’s contribution to
the firm’s performance. This takes time and effort, but we
believe it is repaid in our ability to attract and retain people
for the long term, without relying on multiyear bonus
guarantees. Headcount grew for the first time in several
years during 2004, up 6% to 20,722. Non-compensation expenses were
$4.22
billion, up 4%
compared with
2003. Most of the year-over-year increase came
from higher levels of business activity and higher professional
fees. Looking forward, we want to emphasize that while
expenses will inevitably increase in a stronger business
and economic environment, we continue to focus hard on
controlling discretionary costs. That said, we have little
control over the escalating costs related to increased regulation
and regulatory scrutiny of our industry, as well as litigation.
In addition to provisions for legal and regulatory proceedings,
which amounted to
$103
million in
2004, we continue to
incur legal fees associated with such matters as well as expenses
related to compliance with new legislative and regulatory
requirements and investigations. These costs include not only
the direct expense of new internal processes and additional
people, but also a significant investment of senior management
time and focus.
Strategic and Competitive Issues
We touched earlier on the importance of combining a strong
customer franchise with a willingness to commit capital on
behalf of our clients. We believe that this has been — and
will continue to be — critical to our success. Across our
many businesses, our client franchise is second to none. At
the same time, our trading and risk management is best in
class. Critically, we believe that we combine these attributes
as well as or better than any other firm.
difficult decisions about where we should focus, but we
Of course, committing capital requires us to take risk. We
believe our willingness to take meaningful risk for appropriate
reward is one of the distinguishing features of our firm. It is
what places risk management at the center of our core
competencies. One measure of our market risk-taking is
Value-at-Risk (VaR), a statistical measure of potential loss in
the value of our trading positions over a defined time horizon
with a specified level of confidence. In
2004
, our average daily
VaR was
$67
million,
16%
higher than the
$58
million
average in
2003
. During the year, the components of VaR,
which include risks related to interest rates, equity prices,
currencies and commodities, varied significantly. This
illustrates the extent to which we dynamically allocate risk
capital to take advantage of perceived opportunities.
As we have said before, VaR is only one risk management
tool. It does not capture worst case outcomes, and we
continue to use scenario analyses, stress testing and other
analytical tools as key components of our risk management
discipline. In addition, we constantly analyze imbalances
in global markets which may affect our clients and our firm.
For example, in the past year many have commented on
unprecedented global liquidity, narrow credit spreads and the
rapid pace of hedge fund formation. We monitor these risks
carefully, although we believe that hedge funds and credit
products as asset classes will continue to grow over time.
Competition in our businesses continues to be intense.
A few years ago, many thought that there would be significant
consolidation in our industry, with weaker players being
acquired by larger firms trying to enter the investment banking
and securities business. Instead, large and well-funded
competitors have been growing their presence organically,
adding to excess capacity in many areas. Notwithstanding
their efforts, we are pleased with our competitive strength
and breadth across our core businesses.
Many of our competitors are much larger and conduct a
wider range of businesses than we do. We do not view the size
of our firm as a disadvantage, because we have never been
constrained by a lack of capital. Furthermore, in most of the
businesses in which we compete, we are at least as large as
any other competitor. We view our focus as an advantage that
helps us attract high-quality people who share our culture of
teamwork and serving our clients through excellence.
We believe that the experience of the last few years
supports our judgment that size and diversification by
themselves are not the universal advantages that many have
believed them to be. In our view, many of the synergies
sought in the combination of disparate businesses are difficult
to achieve. Just as important, managing and controlling a
wide array of global businesses is likely to prove even more
challenging in an environment of increasing regulatory
scrutiny. We think our focused business model has served us
well, and that was particularly evident in our performance
relative to our key competitors in
2004.
Our greatest challenge is to continue to execute to the
highest standard as we grow larger. As always, the most
important factor will be our ability to recruit and retain
talented people and preserve our distinctive culture of
teamwork. In this effort, we face competition both from
traditional firms and from private pools of capital such
as hedge funds and private equity businesses. But in a
challenging environment, we are pleased with our success in
keeping our team together. We believe that our partnership
culture has played a vital role in maintaining our position as
an employer of choice in our industry.
Business Practices
The financial services industry continues to be subject
to intense regulatory scrutiny. Contrary to what many
had predicted and some may still think, the scope of this
scrutiny has continued unabated in the last year. We
accept this scrutiny as an ongoing part of our business, and
are working very hard to maintain the highest standards
in our business practices.
One significant part of our response was the establishment
of the firm’s Business Practices Committee more than a year
ago. The Business Practices Committee, which evolved from
our Global Compliance and Control Committee, is part
of our continuing effort to reinforce the firm’s culture of
integrity and our commitment to excellence in compliance
and reputational judgment. In addition to oversight of
compliance and operational risks, the committee reviews the
firm’s policies and procedures for consistency with our
business principles as well as regulatory requirements. The
committee’s oversight is intended to mitigate potential risks
and to ensure full adherence to our business principles. Some
of the firm’s most senior leaders are members of the committee,
including our President, Vice Chairs and other Managing
Directors (MD) engaged in our core businesses and risk
management functions.
At Goldman Sachs, we have always considered our assets
to be our people, our capital and our reputation, the last being
the most difficult to restore if ever lost. When we look back to
the late
1990
s, we wish that we had differentiated ourselves
more positively than we did. While we cannot remedy past
errors of judgment, we know that we must learn from them.
Over the last three years, we have implemented a firmwide
program of Compliance and Reputational Judgment training
to reinforce our compliance culture. In
2005, as part of our continuing efforts, we will be hosting a Chairman’s Forum
which will include every
MD of the firm. This will involve us
in more than
20 meetings with small groups of our
MDs at
which we will discuss at length business practices, reputational
judgment and compliance leadership. We will emphasize to
all our
MDs that our highest priority is to enhance our
reputation for integrity in every aspect of our business.
Business conflicts continue to be a particularly important
area of focus for us. How we identify, disclose and manage
real and apparent conflicts of interest will be critical to
the long-term success of our business. We operate with the
knowledge that what many may have considered acceptable
industry practice yesterday will be the target of intense
scrutiny tomorrow. We must conduct ourselves accordingly
and ensure that we have thoroughly and thoughtfully
analyzed all of our business priorities. At the same time,
it is naïve to think that we can operate without conflicts.
They are embedded in our role as a valued intermediary —
between providers and users of capital and those who want
to shed risk versus those who are willing to assume it. Like
every industry, ours faces conflicting interests and the relevant
question must be: How do we effectively manage them?
We will continue to devote substantial effort and resources
to this important issue.
We must also stay focused on the growth and develop
-
ment of our business. We firmly believe that the integrated
investment bank, intermediating capital flows and providing
advice to clients, has a central role to play in the efficient
functioning of capital markets, which in turn is vital to
sustained, long-term global growth.
Strategic Transactions
Goldman Sachs is not a financial services conglomerate but
an integrated investment bank, securities firm and asset
manager. Although we analyze many potential transactions,
we remain focused on finding ways to grow that are consistent
with and complementary to this basic strategy. During
2004
,
we completed some important strategic transactions.
Asia is a region of great opportunity and China has been
a strategic priority for our firm for many years. In December,
we announced that we had received official approval to
establish a joint venture investment banking and securities
firm in China. This was the culmination of a significant long-
term effort to obtain a domestic license in this critical market.
We are already a leader in providing advisory services to some
of China’s most important companies and bringing them to
the international capital markets. Goldman Sachs Gao Hua
Securities Company Limited will enable us for the first time
to offer a wide range of investment banking and securities
trading services to Chinese clients in their domestic market.
Specifically, the joint venture will be able to underwrite locally
listed “A” share transactions and Renminbi-denominated
corporate bonds and convertible bonds, as well as offer
domestic advisory services and undertake other investment
banking activities. The establishment of Goldman Sachs Gao
Hua Securities is a crucial step in the development of our
business in one of the world’s most important economies.
In September
2004, we agreed to acquire interests in
11
power plants in six
U.S. states for approximately
$550
million.
From our earlier acquisition of Cogentrix Energy, we already
had ownership interests in nine of the 11
plants. With its
closing on January 31, 2005, this transaction continues our
strategy of acquiring what we believe to be attractively priced
power assets to complement our existing commodity trading
and merchant energy restructuring capabilities.
People
Lois D. Juliber, a Vice Chairman of the Colgate-Palmolive
Company, was elected to the Board of Directors at the
2004
Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Lois has played a central
role in extending Colgate’s business to over 200 countries.
We are fortunate to benefit from her international depth
and experience.
In addition, on November
29, 2004, we were pleased to
announce that Suzanne M. Nora Johnson was appointed a
Vice Chairman of the firm. Suzanne’s career at Goldman
Sachs has spanned nearly
20 years. She will continue to head
our Global Investment Research division and to lead our
efforts with the new Global Markets Institute.
Our leadership team was also enhanced by the February
2004
appointment of Alan M. Cohen, formerly a partner in
the law firm of O’Melveny & Myers
LLP, as Global Head of
Compliance. Alan’s extensive experience in private practice
and his tenure as an Assistant
U.S. Attorney, position him well
to lead this critically important area of the firm.
At the end of
2004, we expanded our senior leadership
by selecting 98 new partners of the firm and
190 new MDs.
They are a superb new generation of leaders who we believe
will help to ensure the continued success of Goldman Sachs.
Outlook
As we begin
2005, we continue to see significant potential
across the firm. Investment banking activity appears to be
recovering gradually, equity markets have improved from
the summer of
2004
and the environment across our
FICC businesses remains broadly favorable. In managing the firm,
we remain focused on our clients, and our people are as
dedicated and enthusiastic as ever. We believe the people
of Goldman Sachs are second to none in the industry.
As we look ahead, the cornerstones of our business are
unchanged — serving our clients’ needs, capitalizing on
market opportunities as they emerge and harnessing the
entrepreneurial talents of our people.
henry m. paulson, jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
lloyd c. blankfein
President and Chief Operating Officer