This past year was a successful one for Goldman Sachs, refl ecting both a robust market environment
and strong performance across all of our major businesses. For
2005, net revenues increased 21% to $24.8
billion and net earnings rose 24% to $5.6 billion. Earnings per diluted commonshare (
EPS) were up 26%. Our return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity was
28%. Book value per common share has grown from $20.94 at the end of our fi rst year as a public company in 1999
to $57.02 at our fiscal year-end on November 25,2005, an annually com-pounded rate of
18% over this period. Although Goldman Sachs cannot control the business environment in which we operate and
we fully expect to encounter far more diffi cult years than
2005, we are responsible for how well we identify and capitalize on the opportunities potentially available to us. Our ability to do this is
dependent on the long-term strength of our franchise. That strength is rooted in deep client relation-
ships, market knowledge, risk management expertise and leading positions in the most important
fi nancial markets around the world. These attributes have allowed us to grow our net revenues
at an annually compounded rate of 11%—nearly twice the rate of global
GDP growth—since 1999.Structural Developments in Financial Markets and Evolving Client Needs
In this year’s letter, we want to discuss the broad structural trends that are driving fi nancial markets
and how Goldman Sachs, by leveraging the skills and market knowledge of our people, is
responding to these trends to best meet the needs of our clients and, by extension, provide value
to our shareholders.
The Global Integration of Economies and Markets
It is easy to get lost in abstraction when discussing capital markets, but the global integration
of economies and markets holds the promise of a more prosperous and secure world. We are
convinced of the power of globalization to effect positive change by promoting growth, creating
jobs, fostering competition and encouraging reform. As such, we consider it appropriate to speak
about broad issues related to international trade, investment and economic reform in developed
and less developed countries.
Still, the competition for capital, resources and labor can be a wrenching process. While
it is important not to minimize the cost of dislocation, increasing global fi nancial integration
can channel savings into projects that will maximize global economic growth. This will provide
governments, investors and society, more broadly, the means to meet their future liabilities.
Given the aging populations in Western Europe, Japan and the United States, these needs become
more pressing each day.
One clear consequence of economic and fi nancial integration is the rise of global competition
for capital. Investors are able to allocate their capital far more directly than in previous decades.
They are less interested in the particular market on which a company is listed, and instead are
more focused on the fundamentals of the environments in which the company operates and on
its performance relative to global peers. elieve that global capital markets will play a
vital role as countries pursue market-based reform. For
instance, as China transforms itself from a manufacturer
of low-cost goods to a higher value-added producer, it
will need the capital allocation that deep, liquid fi nancial
markets can provide. Over the last
20 years, economic growth in China and India has begun to lift hundreds of
millions of people out of extreme poverty. Capital fl ows
have increased signifi cantly as investors around the world
have sought to participate in this growth. In Japan,
reform seems to be lifting the economy out of its lengthy
stagnation, attracting increasing levels of foreign capital
as investors respond to signs of a recovery and growing
domestic demand. Dynamic growth in China and India,
the economic renaissance in Japan, and encouraging
indications of a recovery in the German economy are
among the focal points for global capital fl ows and they
offer attractive opportunities for global investment banks.
Price Discovery as a Commodity
As global economic integration
—and the technological
advances that help fuel it—
continue to reshape markets,
the role of fi nancial intermediaries has evolved. Not so
long ago, investment banks were paid by clients to estab-
lish or determine the prevailing bid or ask price for a
stock, bond or other fi nancial instrument. The advent of
electronic execution and price display systems, providing
instantaneous access to market data, has reduced execution
costs and increased trading volumes. This has permitted
us to substitute technology for human capital in markets
where price discovery has become commoditized, while
creating opportunities to offer both high-volume, commodity-
like securities trades and more sophisticated and higher
value-added services.
Advice Across the Capital Spectrum
Investment banks still provide value-added judgments on
the pricing of securities such as new issues, or when large
positions or other liquidity restraints are involved. More
frequently, however, we are asked for our advice in the
design, origination, pricing and use of securities, which
might impact a company’s overall capital structure or help
clients better manage their assets and liabilities. These
instruments, most notably derivatives, have improved the
ability of market participants to manage, disperse and
target risk. Consequently, companies are able to think
more broadly about their entire capital structure and
investors have additional tools to help manage the risk in their portfolios. With more varied solutions available, we
believe sound advice and market judgment are particu-
larly important for corporate issuers and investors.
Private Pools of Capital
The development of new, sophisticated fi nancial instruments
has coincided with the proliferation and rapid growth
of assets under management of private equity and hedge
funds. Because hedge funds are not bound by the restrictions
of the Investment Company Act of
1940, they can use
strategies and instruments that “long-only” mutual funds
cannot. In doing so, they seek to mitigate risk while
optimizing market returns. While many of the more than
8,000 hedge funds today will over time likely fail to generate the performance they expect and may ultimately go out of
business, we believe the industry, led by superior investment
organizations, will continue to grow—though at a slower rate
—consolidate and evolve. For investors, the need to
generate higher returns while diversifying risk makes
hedge funds a permanent fi xture on the investment land-
scape. Although the approximately $1 trillion managed
by hedge funds represents a small portion of total assets
under management globally, their infl uence is dispropor-
tionate to their size. They provide signifi cant levels of
liquidity and, as a result, infl uence prices for securities
across virtually all markets.
Although an increasing number of hedge funds are
participating in private equity-style investments, providing
bridge loans or other types of fi nancing or engaging in
real estate transactions, we believe that private equity fi rms
will continue to play a distinctive and signifi cant role in
buying and selling companies. Today, capital invested in
private equity has surpassed $1 trillion, and in
2005, ten firms had either raised or were in the process of raising
individual funds of more than $5 billion. We expect this
trend to continue. The amount of capital raised and private
equity fi rms’ ability to deploy that capital is likely to
increase fi nancial sponsors’ share of total mergers and
acquisitions activity over time.
Commitment of Capital
Another key trend is the increasing demand from clients for
investment banks to combine capital and advice. In other
words, investment banks are expected to commit more of
their own capital when executing transactions. This can
mean hedging a corporate client’s exposure to currency
fl uctuation in a cross-border acquisition, guaranteeing
an execution price to a client selling a large block of debt or equity, or providing the fi nancing for a corporate
client involved in a leveraged buyout. Investment banks
are increasingly using their own balance sheets to extend
credit to clients, to assume market risk on their behalf
and sometimes to co-invest alongside them.
Our Business
We believe that a differentiating strength of Goldman
Sachs is our nimbleness in adapting to changing market
trends in order to meet the needs of our clients. We
are a client-driven fi rm and, because of this, we remind
ourselves continually that we are only as good as our
clients think we are.
Investment Banking
One important manifestation of our commitment to
serving our clients is the quality and global breadth of our
corporate investment banking franchise. In our corporate
advisory business, our global preeminence in mergers and
acquisitions is a direct result of the creativity, knowledge
and client focus of our people. Their value is evidenced each
day in the strategic advice we provide to companies
—
practical, well-informed advice grounded in the breadth
and depth of our knowledge of, and participation in,
fi nancial markets around the world. Through our leading
position in the market as an underwriter of a company’s
debt or equity instruments, we help clients raise capital to
build new businesses or strengthen existing ones. In the
process, we commit our capital to help our clients meet
their fi nancing needs on the most attractive terms available.
Investment banking serves as the main initial point of
contact with all of Goldman Sachs for our clients to fi nd
creative and comprehensive solutions to complex problems.
Integrating Advice and Capital
Our sales and trading activities are sometimes thought to
be divorced from our client businesses. The reality is quite
different. As the capital markets have evolved, creating an
increasingly greater nexus between capital and advice, so
has the role of fi nancial intermediary.
Today, we provide integrated solutions that help our
clients to manage, disperse, reduce or aggregate risk in
order to achieve their objectives. We serve a broad array
of corporate, government, institutional and high-net-
worth clients around the world. An important reason
these clients come to Goldman Sachs is that we are
well suited to integrate strategic advice, market knowledge,
risk management expertise, and fi nancing and trading skills. Our culture of teamwork strengthens our position as
the advisor, fi nancier, co-investor and fi nancial intermediary
of choice.
Securities Sales and Trading
Our securities sales and trading businesses include dozens
of distinct areas from equity products and currency options
to structured credit and energy futures
—
and each of these
businesses has many sub-businesses around the world. They
allow us to provide our investing and corporate invest-
ment banking clients with liquidity, capital, market access
and knowledge as well as risk management expertise.
In the securities markets, the needs of our investing
clients and the volatility of markets do not always present
a simple choice between assuming and avoiding risk.
Certainly, a signifi cant portion of our business occurs when
we act as agent. We do so, for example, through our
strong market position in electronically executing equities
transactions. Today, more than
2,000 organizations around the world use our
REDIPlus® direct market access
system and our algorithmic execution tools. In aggregate,
we trade some 650 million shares per day on an agency
basis through these electronic execution channels, offering
single stock and portfolio level capabilities.
While we have seen rapid growth in low-touch, low-
commission electronic trading, we also have experienced a
marked increase in principal trading in recent years. In
our equities business, commissions represent the largest
single revenue stream. However, the bulk of these com-
missions are earned because we assume market risk or make
a capital commitment to execute client trades. Some may
confuse acting as a principal with taking a proprietary posi-
tion. As a principal, we assume market risk to facilitate
trades for our clients. Our clients expect us to provide the
necessary liquidity, as a market maker, to ensure that
buyers and sellers can complete their trades. In doing so,
sometimes we either opt or are forced by market conditions
to hold positions in the near term, while a client’s transac-
tion, the underlying reason for the trade, is completed.
The vast majority of our trading revenue is generated
from our role as a fi nancial intermediary and broker to our
investing clients. Year after year, we serve the same clients
who have come to rely on our advice, market insight, risk
appetite and execution capability to help them navigate
the securities markets. An increasing percentage of our sales
and trading revenue comes from our derivatives and
structured products businesses. We are a leader in credit
derivatives and see signifi cant growth opportunities in this area as well as in other derivative products in the years
ahead. Our sales and trading activities produce a diverse
revenue stream that has attractive long-term growth
potential and is protected by a strong global franchise
with high barriers to entry. These revenues, however,
like any based on capital market conditions and customer
activity levels, are diffi cult to predict, particularly on a
quarterly basis.
In addition, we have proprietary investing groups in
the securities divisions that have been a successful part
of our business for many decades. These businesses, where
we invest the fi rm’s own capital, have generated high
returns over time and increase the diversity of our business
mix. They also contribute to our franchise as we co-invest
or provide capital to meet client needs.
Investment Management
We are proud of the steady, organic growth of our invest-
ment management business. Assets under management
have more than doubled to
$532 billion since we went public, and today we manage more than $100
billion in each of our main categories of money markets, fi xed
income and currency, equity and alternative investments.In 2005
alone, we raised $63 billion of new, fee-based
client assets including signifi cant year-over-year growth
in fee-based assets in our private wealth management
business serving high-net-worth clients. A portion of our
assets under management provides us with a growing
opportunity to supplement our base level of revenues with
considerable incentive revenues earned when we achieve
strong returns for our clients, as we were able to do in
2005. Hedge Funds and Private Equity
The considerable growth in private pools of capital
—namely, hedge funds and private equity—has had an
impact on all of our major business lines, and Goldman
Sachs is well positioned to benefi t from their continued
growth. Our securities services business provides prime
brokerage services, which include fi nancing, securities
lending and fund administration for many of the world’s
largest hedge funds. Goldman Sachs entered this business
more than20
years ago, long before most of our competitors.
Our experience and client focus have fi rmly established
us as an industry leader with a formidable market share.
And this is one of our fastest growing businesses. Over
the last fi ve years, our client base has doubled in size,
assets have more than tripled and we have significantly expanded our international footprint. We believe that
the hedge fund industry is still in its infancy, and we are
poised to capitalize on its long-term growth.
We were also an early entrant in the alternative
asset management space and today within our asset
management unit we are one of the largest managers of
direct hedge fund and hedge fund of funds assets as well
as private equity portfolios of funds. At the same time, we
have built a strong advisory business focused on hedge
funds and private equity fi rms, providing them with mergers
and acquisitions advice, hedging and capital market
solutions. Over the last three years, Goldman Sachs has
advised on more mergers and acquisitions and led more
underwritings for this client base than any of our competitors.
Our principal investments group
—which, in 2005, raised an $8.5 billion corporate investment fund and a
$3.8 billion real estate fund, both, our largest ever—
has also co-invested alongside our private equity clients in
recent years. In an era of increasingly large and complex
transactions, the spreading of risk and sharing of expertise
are essential. Many of these co-investments arise directly
from our strong relationships with our private equity clients.
Client Trust and Business Judgment
No matter what the transaction, the litmus test for us is
always the trust of our clients. If real or perceived confl icts
of interest raise fundamental questions in our clients’ minds,
all aspects of our business will be hurt. Strong business
judgment, grounded in integrity, is at the core of everything
we do. It is how we protect our reputation, deepen the trust
of our clients and enhance shareholder value. In the last
year, we embarked on an important initiative at Goldman
Sachs, the Chairman’s Forum, which placed a great deal
of emphasis on business judgment and accountability.
Over the course of
25 sessions around the world, each lasting more than six hours, we met with approximately
1,200 managing directors in groups of 50 or so to discuss
their responsibilities as leaders. Through case studies and
frank dialogue, we examined our responsibilities as managers,
leading by example and exercising diffi cult judgments
through teamwork.
In 2006, we are extending the Forum to our 7,000
vice presidents. We intend to convey to each of them that
commercial success and our reputation for integrity and
judgment go hand in hand.
Our Culture and Goldman Sachs Alumni
Our culture of excellence, teamwork and integrity defi nes
Goldman Sachs. These shared values transcend the fi rm
and are exemplifi ed in our alumni. Many of these individuals
become our clients, pursue lifelong interests outside the
securities industry or go into public service. This last point
merits particular mention. Goldman Sachs has a long
tradition of public service. Many of our people have gone
on to signifi cant positions in government and the not-for-
profi t sector and their achievements are a source of pride
for all of us.
The Future
In the course of Goldman Sachs’ history, the fi rm has
developed four underlying strengths that serve us well today
and will, we trust, do so in the future: (1) we have client
relationships that we believe are second to none; (2) we
have a track record of anticipating and adapting to
client needs, market opportunities and longer term market
trends; (3) we have developed best-in-class trading and
risk management capabilities; and (4) we have a culture
that allows us to attract, develop, motivate and retain
exceptional professionals and encourages them to work
together in a real spirit of teamwork.
Looking ahead, we see favorable conditions globally,
buoyed by strong economic growth. This is particularly
encouraging because, for more than a year, we have
experienced rising short-term interest rates in the United
States, which in the past, has often been a precursor
to a slowing economy. Nonetheless, there are clear risks:
signifi cant structural imbalances in the global economy,
from the current account defi cit in the United States to
weak domestic demand in much of Europe and Asia;
an increased global reliance on commodities, like oil and
natural gas; and a world awash in liquidity. This last
condition is forcing investors to accept greater risk as they
reach for returns and, as a consequence, continues to
drive risk premiums to historically low levels. Finally,
the fact that the global financial system is increasingly
integrated and closely connected means, notwithstanding
the tremendous benefi ts it offers, that shocks to the
system have the potential to be dramatically accentuated
in both speed and complexity.  important part of our job of managing the fi rm is
to prepare for such risks, including those that may have a
low probability of occurring, but could have signifi cant
adverse consequences for fi nancial markets and our business.
This responsibility is embedded in our risk management
processes, our technology and, not least, the foresight of
our people.
Our franchise, with strong leadership positions in the
United States, Europe and Asia, allows Goldman Sachs to
operate at the center of the global economy. We believe
that we are well situated to participate in the growth of
key developing markets, particularly China, India,
Russia and Brazil. Our businesses are strong client-driven
franchises benefi ting from positive long-term trends.
While they do not lend themselves to predictable earnings
on a quarterly basis, over the long term, we are committed
to providing our shareholders with returns on equity at or
near the top of our industry while continuing our successful
record of growing book value and earnings per share.
henry m. paulson, jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Offi cer
lloyd c. blankfein
President and Chief Operating Offi cer
