                                        To Our Shareholders
O ur energy, drive and determined efforts are concentrated on
the continued transformation of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company into a market- focused, cost-competitive company that provides superior products and services, along with superior returns for our shareholders.
We are confident that we have a winning strategy in place, and we are
aggressively executing against that strategy. There remains much work to do, but the tide is beginning to turn.
The year 2003 was one of many accomplish- ments at Goodyear, with much of our focus direct- ed toward the North American Tire business, the nearly $7 billion operation that represents almost half of our sales. Other initiatives addressed our overall financial condition and sought to build
on our global brand, product and distribution strengths. We adopted very aggressive market- place and cost strategies to achieve our goals. We made fact-based decisions with passion, with speed, and with the courage that is necessary when taking bold action.
2003 Actions
• Six of our seven business units distinguished themselves with continued strong financial performance, resulting in an accelerated busi- ness momentum that has provided both finan- cial results and insights that are being applied to our North American operational turnaround.
• We needed to rebuild relationships and credi- bility with our large network of independent dealers in North American Tire, and we accomplished that huge task.
• We launched a successful debt refinancing early in the year to extend our obligations and position our balance sheet to the point where we had the capability to progress our turn- around plan, and we succeeded with the completion of a $3.3 billion refinancing.
This was a crucial first step in our refinancing program.
   •
We completed a restatement of our previously reported financial results, which unfortunately delayed the release of our 2003 financial state- ments. As disappointing as it was for us to be in this situation, it was a positive factor that our people identified the accounting issues in our overseas operations. We have taken steps to address the issues identified during the restatement process, and we are implementing strengthened and improved controls to ensure that these problems do not reoccur. The entire company is committed to full and accurate public reporting.
  2
Goodyear 2003
 Robert J. Keegan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President

                                        • We completed very painful, but critically neces- sary job cuts to reduce our cost base. We did what was necessary.
• We concluded intense negotiations with the United Steelworkers of America in which we needed significant cost savings to provide the Company the financial flexibility to support our turnaround plans. Again, we met the challenge.
We were able to meet our 2003 challenges one-by-one. Today we are continuing to drive improved results and accelerate the business progress that we have established.
Business Momentum
Over the past three years, we’ve made significant strides in terms of financial performance and market position in six of our seven businesses. Engineered Products, Chemical, European Union, Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East, Asia and Latin America have experienced both market and financial success for the second year in a row. We achieved this by focusing on the key features of the Company’s turnaround strategy – leader- ship, cash, cost and revenue growth. Our Six Sigma initiatives continue to deliver for us as we improve both our cost structure and our market sensing.
While our seventh business – North American Tire – is still in the early stages of recovery, we are driving improvement in its key strategic areas.
Assurance
The exciting launch of the Assurance family of tires is just one of the many positive actions that helps illustrate the new direction of Goodyear.
This product family is a direct response to our customers’ needs. At the 2003 North American Tire dealer conference, we promised to help our customers jump-start their businesses with new products targeted at key consumer benefits. From the very beginning, Assurance was a fully integrat- ed endeavor between our technical, manufactur- ing and marketing teams. The tire was developed with unprecedented speed, utilizing our very best
technology and extremely talented associates. We fulfilled our promise.
The new tires are distinctive. They offer industry-leading performance. Assurance featuring ComforTred Technology offers a smooth and
quiet ride and provides the ultimate luxury driving experience. Assurance featuring TripleTred Technology is a premium all-season tire designed to provide peace of mind in any driving conditions. When we unveiled these tires to our North American dealers in February, they immediately realized they would be selling the best broad- market passenger tires on the market. They responded with excitement, enthusiasm and support.
Consumers are contacting us to rave about
the Assurance ride; they tell us the ride from Assurance with ComforTred feels like they’re driving a new car. Assurance featuring TripleTred Technology became available to consumers in late April, and promptly was accorded prestigious status as one of 20 hot new technology products from Popular Science magazine. To quote this popular magazine, “With three zones – one for dry roads, one for rain and one for icy conditions – the Goodyear Assurance tire with TripleTred technology is the most complete approach to all- season tires we’ve seen. The new kid in this tire
is the Ice Zone, whose embedded volcanic sand supplies extra grip when plain old rubber just won’t do.” The Assurance with TripleTred Technology was one of just two products singled out among the 20 as truly innovative.
Actual demand for the Assurance family is three times our initial estimates and we have expanded our production from Lawton, Oklahoma to include our tire plants in Napanee, Ontario; Gadsden, Alabama; and Tyler, Texas.
It is clear that Assurance is a brand that will be a success, and it joins our existing strong portfolio featuring Eagle, Wrangler and Fortera tires.
We couldn’t be more delighted. The same
is true with our dealers. However, the real benefi- ciaries will be the car owners who purchase Assurance tires.
  Goodyear 2003 3

                                         Seven Reasons to Believe
Our positive business momentum is a direct result of a plan based on seven strategic drivers of our business – what we refer to as the Seven Reasons to Believe in Goodyear. These seven strategies are at the heart of all of our Company’s activities moving forward, and we are fully focused on their successful execution.
LEADERSHIP
These seven initiatives are not in rank order of importance, with the single exception being leadership. The rationale is simple: without the right leadership, the other strategies could not be successfully executed. We have taken major steps globally. We have made both broad and deep changes to our leadership teams and our organi- zational structure. Particular attention has been paid to North American Tire, to ensure that we have the right people in the right positions throughout the business unit. Our leadership team has the right skills, the right experience, the right mindset and the right incentives to execute a significant turnaround of our Company.
A FOCUS ON CASH
In last year’s letter, we talked about the impor- tance of the successful refinancing that was completed in April 2003. That effort extended the term of our financing and acted as an enabler for our plan. In early 2004, we successfully refi- nanced portions of that debt again, to increase our financial flexibility. Going forward, we need to refinance debt obligations before they mature, and may seek access to the capital markets as part of this effort. These efforts are necessary to the continued execution of our plans. In addition to addressing near-term obligations, we are also reviewing transactions that would reduce the Company’s debts. These measures will help the Company address its financial challenges, includ- ing increased interest costs, mandatory pension contributions and large debt maturities in 2005 and 2006.
Business momentum in six of our seven businesses
Operationally, our cash focus is strong. We will continue that effort through much better margins, selective investment and working capital manage- ment, with an overriding insistence that cash expectations drive all our decisions.
A LOWER COST STRUCTURE
Our philosophy on cost is simple: If an activity adds value, we will feed it. If it doesn’t, we will seek to eliminate it. We have made difficult cost choices, and we will continue to do so.
We have committed to having a competitive cost structure in place, and have taken significant actions over the past year to offset headwinds that we face in rising raw material costs, energy costs, health benefit and pension costs to help position ourselves for the future. We closed manufacturing facilities in Huntsville, Alabama; Cartersville, Georgia; and Stow, Ohio.
  4 Goodyear 2003
Segment Operating Income
Dollars in millions 200
150
100
50
0
 2001* 2002* 2003
                          EUROPEAN UNION
EEAME
LATIN AMERICA
ASIA EPD
CHEMICAL *Restated
14
20
44
15
41
44
42
50
48
100
134
93
85
107
89
119
147
148

                                        We expanded production at low-cost facilities in Debica, Poland; Kranj, Slovenia and Americana, Brazil. We eliminated 500 salaried staff positions in North American factories and reduced U.S. salaried staffing by an additional 700. While some- times painful, these cuts were necessary to restore competitiveness and profitability. In the summer
of 2003, we faced critical negotiations with the United Steelworkers of America in the United States. The resulting three-year contract will provide significant savings against those head- winds as well as the financial flexibility to support our plans. We are aggressively addressing cost issues with productivity gains made through our efforts in Six Sigma and Lean Manufacturing.
We will take greater advantage of Goodyear’s global manufacturing footprint to compete with the increasing volume of tires being imported into the North American and Western European markets.
LEVERAGE DISTRIBUTION
Goodyear has the broadest and deepest dealer network in the industry, and we intend to leverage this powerful asset more fully. One of our most crucial objectives last year was to rebuild our rela- tionships and our credibility with our network of independent tire dealers in North America. In early 2003 we were struggling in our performance as a supplier and in our overall dealer relationships.
We committed to improving those relation- ships, and we changed our own emphasis to building our customers’ businesses, not simply selling tires to them. After more than a year of hard work, the difference in these relationships is unmistakable. We are living up to our commit- ments, and we are implementing new initiatives that leverage our relationships with dealers in North America and around the world. Today, our dealers have, once again, become Goodyear’s most important external supporters.
BUILDING BRAND STRENGTH
We continue to improve our consumer market share globally in the Goodyear brand business, and a great portfolio of brands around the world supports our flagship brand. We are now position- ing all of our brands more effectively and investing sufficient dollar weight to grow them.
We are making Dunlop a brand of choice for the enthusiast market, and we are breathing new life into the Kelly brand in North America through new marketing initiatives and original equipment opportunities. Future product launches will contin- ue to help differentiate our brands in the market- place, and they will be backed by fully integrated marketing support. In Europe, the Dunlop brand has been a huge success among the enthusiast media and consumers with prestigious fitments and outstanding performance on premier European performance vehicles, further strength- ening an already powerful European brand.
PRODUCT LEADERSHIP
Goodyear has never had a stronger product line- up. As mentioned earlier, the Assurance tires are quite simply the best-performing broad market passenger tires you can buy. The Eagle F-1 also has distinguished itself both in Europe and North America as the top ultra-high performance tire, and we are currently launching that product in the Asia region where we expect similar accolades and market success.
In Europe, we launched bold new products designed to further differentiate our brands in the market. The Goodyear HydraGrip is a high- performance summer tire specially developed for rainy and wet weather conditions. The Dunlop Sport Maxx performance tire was designed for superior dry handling, high-speed stability and excellent acceleration and braking performance. Fulda, our German-engineered brand, introduced Fulda Kristall Supremo, a new-generation high- performance winter tire offering outstanding protection against ice, snow and hydroplaning.
  Goodyear 2003 5

                                        Within the past year, we have revitalized our truck tire business with the launch of new prod- ucts in all of our global markets, including nine new commercial truck tires in Europe last fall. Our customers tell us we have the best performing truck tire package in the industry and, as a result, we have won very significant new business. The investments we made in this business two years ago are now paying off.
Our technology and marketing teams have been charged with continuing the new product momentum by bringing forward more outstanding new tires on greatly accelerated timelines. There is a lot of excitement to come.
ADVANTAGED SUPPLY CHAIN
Our Company’s leadership team shares one common trait – an unwavering commitment to the customer. Our customers are critical to our success, and through an advantaged supply chain we are improving our service levels to exceed their business requirements and improve their businesses.
Our new supply chain organization was designed, staffed and funded to create a competitive advantage in our industry for our customers and for Goodyear. We are implement- ing a new customer ordering process that is accurate, streamlined, simple and works with unprecedented accuracy. It is designed to get the right tire to the right place at the right time, while keeping costs and inventories low.
Looking Forward
Our new and focused management team is committed to winning with the strategies we are putting in place. There is a great deal of positive momentum and energy. We have set our expecta- tions very high, and we plan to exceed them.
On behalf of the entire Company, I would like to express my appreciation to the customers and associates who are making the turnaround happen. And thank you to our shareholders for your continued confidence.
In the last 18 months, various audiences have asked, “How can we help Goodyear’s turn- around?” There’s one very simple way you can help: Try one of our new products, and let us know about your experiences. We are confident in our new product lines, and our commitment to quality, customer satisfaction and innovation. You will not be disappointed. Then tell a friend. We’re happy with success one customer at a time.
We believe in our ability to win with the excep- tional assets we have at our disposal. The future – our future – is promising.
Robert J. Keegan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
  6 Goodyear 2003
