 and differentiating ourselves from the competition; • We’re winning in profitable target market segments,
focusing on the areas that have the potential to deliver the best returns and growth for Goodyear
To our ShareholderS,
The GoodyearTire & Rubber Company took significant steps during 2013
to strengthen our business for the future, increase our competitive advantages, and prepare us for growth.
Over the past year, we reached record levels of performance and hit important milestones on our way to creating sustainable value for the long term. Looking ahead, we believe Goodyear is well positioned for continued leadership in the growing global tire industry. We are a 115-year-old company coming off a record year, but we believe the best is yet to come.
For 2013, segment operating income increased by
27 percent over the past year to the highest level achieved
in Goodyear’s 115 years. Also, this was the third consecutive year that we delivered at least $1.2 billion in segment operating income, another first for the company.
As pleased as I am to report these results, I believe it’s more important to view them as evidence of the soundness of our strategy, our ability to execute against that strategy, and outstanding performance by our teams across the globe.
Through disciplined execution of our Strategy Roadmap:
• We’re delivering market-back innovation and award-winning products, meeting customer needs
and for our customers;
• We’re executing on our significant capital invest-
ments, driving higher profitability and delivering
the returns we targeted;
• And, most importantly, we’re executing our plans
with strong commitment and alignment by our teams.
Sustained Progress: Global Business Highlights
Of the many business highlights over the past year, our performance in North America stood out. Since 2010, it has made a steady climb toward profitability, building momentum as its business model improved. The break- through came in 2013, as it delivered a record $691 million in segment operating income. In addition, North America finished the year with 18 consecutive quarters of year-over- year earnings improvement and seven straight quarters of at least 5 percent earnings-to-sales.
 2 | 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

   RICHARD J. KRAMER
CHAIRMAN & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
North America has completely restored its business. In 2009, it lost $305 million. Now, by recapturing the value
of the Goodyear brand, diligent cost control, and execution of our strategy, it has completed a $1 billion turnaround in four years. North America is not only solidly profitable, but is on a path to grow earnings further and deliver sustainable economic value.
In 2013, we enhanced our competitive position in the United States by reaching a new labor contract with the United Steelworkers, extending our agreement into 2017. Our goal was to build on the significant progress made in the 2003, 2006 and 2009 contracts and enable our North America business to continue its momentum. We believe our new four-year agreement allows us to increase our competitiveness, even amidst continuing economic challenges.
Goodyear is also well-positioned in the Asia Pacific region, where we delivered record earnings of
$308 million, despite some economic headwinds and a lower contribution from Australia, which has traditionally been a big part of this business’ earnings. Our team has a plan in place to strengthen our competitive position and better serve our customers in this key market.
One of the bright spots in the region was our entrance into the commercial truck tire business in China. Production of these products in our state-of-the-art Pulandian facility has given us a distinct advantage with fleets in the world’s largest commercial tire market. Three Goodyear products—including a new commercial truck tire—earned “Tire of the Year” honors in China, where demand for our best-in-class products continues to
grow. Looking ahead, we see more opportunities in this growth market by developing and expanding our truck tire distribution.
Our Latin America business increased its segment operating income and margin over last year, as our new branded products were a hit with customers. We continue to invest in the region and introduce more new products to support the growth of premium tires in our well- established distribution network. The modernization of our factory in Americana, Brazil, will enable us to make more high-technology tires to serve the region in the future. All of our investments in the region will help us increase capacity to meet the growing demand for our branded products.
In Europe, Middle East, and Africa last year, we saw positive signs for our business, as a profit improvement plan has us on the path to restore our historical performance levels. This plan is focused on increasing share in targeted market segments, accelerating growth in emerging markets, and driving productivity improvements in our operations. We saw progress in each of the areas
in 2013.
THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY
2013 ANNUAL REPORT | 3

 inherent in the competitive global tire industry, we are confident that each of our businesses will continue improving its performance by leveraging our competitive advantages.
Our lineup of Goodyear and Dunlop tires is winning
in key segments such as winter, high performance, and ultra-high performance. The outstanding product portfolio has been enhanced by industry-best label grades in key categories.
We are accelerating our growth in profitable segments and emerging markets in the region. In particular, our commercial truck business is growing in Europe, and especially in the region’s growing markets, such as Russia.
In addition, we are activating our productivity and cost reduction initiatives. We recently ended tire production
at our high-cost factory in Amiens, France, and are exiting the EMEA farm tire business.
While we certainly will face headwinds and challenges
A Significant Milestone: Meeting our Legacy Obligations
We reached another important milestone for our company early in the new year when we fully funded our largest hourly U.S. pension plans.
The strength of our business is validated by how we met this responsibility. Our strong cash flow performance in 2013 and our ample liquidity enabled us to fund our hourly U.S. pensions using cash generated from our operations, as opposed to turning to debt markets to fulfill our obligation.
This is a major achievement for Goodyear. For many years, our legacy obligations have been a constant source
of underlying volatility to the business. In addition, the shadow cast by this liability obscured the progress we made in running our business. Now, with this obligation behind us, there will be more transparency to our business operations.
Continuing Confidence: Our Path to Growth
Looking ahead, based on our performance and competitive advantages, we have set targets of 10 percent to 15 percent annual growth in segment operating income each year from 2014-2016. We will pursue these targets through a balanced plan of growth and cost reduction, both of which are enabled through our pursuit of operational excellence.
Our business results of the past three years and confidence in our strategy going forward were expressed with the reinstatement of a quarterly dividend, which went into effect during the fourth quarter.
While our three-year targets and reinstated dividend are notable in and of themselves, they are signs of greater confidence and optimism than we’ve had in many years.
We can look forward to embracing new challenges
and opportunities, in emerging markets and with new customers. We can invest to drive even more innovation with our products and services. And we have the chance to create the best end-to-end purchase experience in our industry, making it easy for consumers to shop for Goodyear, buy Goodyear, and then recommend Goodyear to others. These are the things that consumers, end-users, and our customers expect of us and what we expect of ourselves.
4 | 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Our Greatest Advantage:
The Strength of the Goodyear Brand
As 2013 came to a close, I was inclined to reflect more on our body of work over the past decade than simply one year. Our journey to where we are now has been long and, at times, difficult. However, I believe that the dedication to our strategy and its disciplined execution over the long term has us looking to the future with optimism.
Another main source of optimism is the global strength of the Goodyear brand. It is the single most important asset in our drive to be competitively advantaged in everything we do. It’s a critical ingredient in a winning formula that includes:
• Introducing innovative branded products, produced from the market-back, at a pace that leads the tire industry;
• Selling those products to create value for our customers in highly profitable market segments;
• Serving our customers by supplying those products with continually increasing efficiency and reliability;
• Making the investments to support our business model that generates returns for our shareholders;
• And executing with the most capable team.
The strength of the Goodyear brand is validated almost anywhere tires are needed. Goodyear tires can be found on everything from passenger cars to mining equipment. It’s on school buses, aircraft, and military vehicles. For 60 years, Goodyear has been the name on racing tires in
the top circuits in NASCAR, one of the longest supplier relationships in any sport.
But the Goodyear brand stands for more than a product, or a factory, or a distributor. All of these pieces, working
in concert, represent the trust that people around the
world place in Goodyear. That trust comes to life in our associates.
I am extremely proud of the men and women of Goodyear who embody the trust that people around the world have in our name.
On behalf of all those men and women, thank you for your continued trust, confidence, and support.
Respectfully submitted,
Richard J. Kramer
CHAIRMAN & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY
 2013 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
 