12
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
AS THE GLOBAL
economy continued its long, slow recovery from the Great Recession, Goodyear continued to make measurable progress during 2012. We saw evidence that our brands are strong, our strategy is sound, and our execution keeps getting better.
Certainly, we felt the impact of economic volatility in various ways. Industry volumes were close to the recessionary levels of three years ago, particularly in mature markets. Over the past year, the economy began to improve in the United States, lifting original equipment sales to automakers, but replacement volumes remained depressed. In Europe, economic weakness continued, and tire sales became increasingly weaker throughout the year. While Latin America and parts of Asia were stable, growth was not robust.
That environment was the backdrop for both our successes and challenges over the past 12 months.
Overall, our segment operating income for 2012 was more than $1.2 billion, marking the second year in a row—and only the third time in Goodyear’s history—that we have reached that level of performance. In addition, we delivered strong cash flow from operations for the year as a result of progress on our working capital initiatives.
These positive results were driven by strong performance in three of our four businesses.
In Asia-Pacific, segment operating income of $259 million for the year was a record. That was accomplished despite weakness in Australia—our largest business in the region. Offsetting this weakness was solid performance in the ASEAN countries and strong growth in China.
We’re beginning to see the benefits of our strategic investments in China, which support our focus on premium segments where we continue to increase share. Our newest manufacturing plant, in Pulandian, became fully operational in 2012 and will help us better serve our consumer and commercial truck tire customers in this growing market.
In Latin America, we delivered solid results that reflect a stabilizing business. Investments in our operations in Brazil are helping re-energize the business in our most important market in the region. In addition, our businesses in other countries in the region delivered historically strong results.
 2 ANNUAL REPORT 2012
THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY

The highlight of our 2012 performance came from our North American business with full-year earnings of $514 million, beating our 2013 target of $450 million a year early. In addition, the business delivered a margin of 5.3 percent, marking the first time in more than 10 years that North America has achieved that level.
Consider how far this business has come. Between 2008 and 2009, our North American business lost nearly a half-billion dollars, $305 million in 2009 alone. In 2012, we delivered record earnings, but more importantly, built the foundation of sustainable economic value creation, in line with our strategy.
RICHARD J. KRAMER
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & PRESIDENT
Returning our North American business to profitability is one of the key strategies on our Strategy Roadmap. We delivered record results through disciplined delivery against the “Key How-Tos.”
For example:
• We focused on market-back innovation.
By re-energizing our brands through the simplification and complete rejuvenation of our Assurance, Eagle and Wrangler product lines over the past four years, our product portfolio is among the best in the industry. These are tires that consumers want to buy and dealers want to sell.
• We targeted profitable segments. By making informed choices on where to play, we identified those segments of the market that offered profitable volume growth and where our value proposition is a competitive advantage.
Another illustration of winning in targeted segments was in the original equipment business. We executed our selectivity strategy rather than pursuing volume for volume’s sake. Today, Goodyear is not only on seven of the top ten selling vehicles in the United States, but also has
a profitable OE business.
• Finally, we made strides in operational
excellence, becoming a better supplier for our customers while simultaneously reducing inventory and improving efficiency. Our North American supply chain is a clear competitive advantage, and going forward, will only continue to improve.
 THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY
ANNUAL REPORT 2012 3

12
Credit for executing our strategy goes to our entire North American team. I am proud of our progress in this business, whose turnaround is comparable to any in the auto industry. However, we know that we are not running any of our businesses for one good year of earnings. Our focus remains on taking the right steps to deliver results consistently over the long term.
Even with the success in North America, our 2012 results were tempered by on-going challenges in Europe. The impact of the European economic crisis on the automotive and tire industries will be felt for an extended period of time, and we see an environment where supply in many industries, including tires, will exceed demand.
Relative to our business, EMEA saw a full-year volume decline of 16 percent. Consumer demand continued to be weak amid high unemployment and economic uncertainty. As a result, sales decreased and dealers continued to reduce their inventory. And weather in the region affected industry demand for winter tires, a traditional strength for Goodyear.
Recognizing these challenges and our overall outlook on Europe, we are taking actions now to rebuild our earnings power rather than waiting for the pace of growth in the region to accelerate.
Our plan in Europe is focused in three areas:
First, we must increase our share in profitable targeted market segments. In many of these segments—including ultra-high performance and run-flat, for example—Goodyear has traditionally enjoyed a competitive advantage because of technology leadership and innovation. We must continue to lead these segments, and leverage this leadership in the newly implemented tire label ratings to further distinguish our winning products from the competition.
Second, building upon our existing brand strength, we will increase our commitment to winning in growing markets such
as Eastern Europe and the Middle East. Growth in these regions creates opportunity for both consumer and commercial truck tires, supported by our leading brands and technology.
Finally, we are committed to productivity improvements throughout our operations in Europe through back-office consolidation, increased factory utilization, and operational excellence initiatives that will improve factory output, reduce waste, and improve the supply of premium tires to customers in our targeted market segments.
While this plan will unfold over a three-year time frame, we are confident in making steady progress. We are confident that this strategy will work, as it is similar to our successful improvement plan in North America.
Another challenge we are addressing is the significant impact of record-low interest rates on our pension liability. As you know, this is an issue that many companies are facing. Despite the benefits of our cash contributions to our pension plans and the strong perform- ance of our portfolio last year, our unfunded liability has continued to increase.
We are taking action to proactively address the persistent risk posed by our unfunded pension obligations, just as we have addressed other challenges that threatened our long-term strategy.
We feel very positive about the progress made in our North American, Latin American and Asia Pacific businesses in 2012
4 ANNUAL REPORT 2012
THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY

and are confident in our ability to continue delivering improved profitability. The fundamentals of our business are strong and the MegaTrends shaping the tire industry play to our strengths. Our Strategy Roadmap is clear, and despite challenges in Europe, we are positioned to deliver positive results over the long term.
As you read this letter, many of our associates will have recently moved into our new global headquarters, less than a mile away from our century-old Market Street location and next door to our Akron Innovation Center. Our new building is a state-of-the-art facility with advanced technology and resources that will enable our associates to work more effectively with their counterparts in
Akron and around the world.
Goodyear’s commitment to stay in Akron honors the legacy of our company and of the Rubber City, but at the same time, we’re not bound by that history. We are committing to an Akron and a Goodyear of the future.
More importantly, our new headquarters is a commitment to our associates. It gives me tremendous pride that our associates are now working in a building that reflects our driving spirit of innovation. As meaningful as our new headquarters is to the city, county and state, it’s even more meaningful to our Goodyear associates.
As I have always said, Goodyear’s greatest competitive advantage is our people. I continually see the pride our associates have in wearing the Goodyear name...the pride our dealers take in having a Goodyear sign on their stores...the pride our suppliers have in doing business with Goodyear. We never take that for granted and will continue to work hard, every day, to earn the pride you have in being part of our great company.
Respectfully submitted,
Richard J. Kramer
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & PRESIDENT
 THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY
ANNUAL REPORT 2012 5
