                                         2
GOODYEAR
FOCUS IS ON PROFITABLE GROWTH
With a focus on fast, profitable growth, Goodyear intends to hold a No. 1 or No. 2 position in each industry and market in which we compete. Our plans to accomplish this include six key objectives:
• Provide complete customer satisfaction through top quality, innovative products as well as superior service.
• Expand distribution so that our products are available where and when customers want to buy them.
• Enhance our business-to-business e-commerce systems. Develop new business-to-consumer e-commerce operations.
• Plan and develop new products globally to better utilize invest- ments in research and development. A global approach to manufacturing allows these products to be made at the most cost-effective facility.
• Effectively manage working capital to ensure strong cash flow and improve return on investment.
• Develop compensation plans that more-effectively reward associates for improving profit- ability and cash flow.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
FOR GOODYEAR, 1999 WAS A UNIQUE YEAR OF CONSIDERABLE CONTRASTS,
with no parallel in our history. Strategically, it was a great year. But, operationally, it was a disappointment.
The year opened on a positive note as we announced in February a global alliance with Sumitomo Rubber Industries Ltd. When completed on September 1, this added the popular Dunlop tire brand to the Goodyear family, returned us to our long-held industry leadership position and gave us the opportunity for significant future growth.
The optimism we all shared was tempered, however, by financial results that failed to meet the expectations you and I have for this company. There were two primary reasons for this — economic factors and poor execution. Both were tempo- rary setbacks for which we took decisive action, and from which we are recovering.
I am confident that 2000 will be a significantly better year for our company. Our plans focus on:
• Integrating the Dunlop tire operations — as well as our other recent
acquisitions — into our business and capturing all of the synergies available to us. To help drive this, we have split our European tire business into two units — one in Western Europe that is concentrating on the Dunlop integration, the other in Eastern Europe that is focusing on our recent acquisitions in Poland, Slovenia and South Africa.
• Growing our more-profitable replacement tire business at a faster rate than original equipment. This is especially important in North America.
• Expanding rapidly in existing and new distribution channels, including e-commerce.
• Investing in research and development to create innovative new products and improve quality.
• Strengthening our global product planning capabilities so we can better serve our global customers and become more effective, reduce cycle times and improve the return on our research and development investments.

                                        1999 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Dollars in millions, except per share
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
Net income
Debt 3,424.5 *
Equity 3,617.1
Debt to Debt and Equity 48.6%*
* Debt and Debt to Debt and Equity do not reflect the Sumitomo 1.2% Convertible Note Payable Due 8/00
 Net Sales
Income From Continuing Operations
1999 1998 $12,880.6 $12,626.3
241.1 717.0 1.52 4.53 241.1 682.3 1.52 4.31 Assets $13,102.6 $10,589.3
– Per diluted share
– Per diluted share
Samir G. Gibara
 Cash Dividends Per Share Common Shares Outstanding Shareholders of Record Average Number of Associates
$ 1.20 156,335,120 28,163 100,649
1.20 28,348
96,950
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 1,975.8 and President
3,745.8 34.5%
 $ 155,943,535
 • Continuing our global manufacturing rationalization program to increase pro- ductivity and take better advantage of low-cost supply sources in Eastern Europe and Latin America.
• Modernizing our production facilities with the progressive introduction of IMPACT, our breakthrough process technology.
• Helping our people succeed by offering more opportunities for training, mentoring and continuing education.
Our 2000 results also should be strengthened by a full year of contributions
from our Dunlop joint ventures, expected operational improvements in our North American Tire business and improving economies in Asia and Latin America.
After several years of capital expenditures well above depreciation, we will slow the pace in 2000 and spend at levels much nearer depreciation.
We will concentrate on growing our sales and capitalizing on the strongest brand line-up in the industry. With our Goodyear, Dunlop, Kelly and Fulda brands leading the charge and no fewer than nine other popular brands, we have the market covered better than any competitor.
   
                                         4
GOODYEAR
1999 GLOBAL MARKET SHARE
Original Equipment and Replacement Tires
During 1999, weak economies in developing markets around the world — especially Asia and Latin America — continued to hurt our businesses. These regions historically provided about one-quarter of our earnings. They fell far short of that in 1999. This year looks more promising.
It was an unexpectedly robust economy in North America that had the greatest impact on our results, however. We did not anticipate the very rapid growth in the original equipment and replacement tire markets, and took steps to constrain tire production and reduce inventories.
Record sales of cars and trucks, and our dominant market position, led to far too much of our production going to original equipment customers. The result — we didn’t have enough tires to meet replacement market demand. This hurt fill rates with our dealers and mass merchant customers, weakened our product mix and depressed margins.
Our problem was not a lack of demand. Rather, it was an inability to satisfy the strong demand for Goodyear tires. We have plans in place to meet this demand in 2000 and satisfy all of our customers, which now include buyers of Dunlop tires.
The integration of the Dunlop businesses in North America and Europe has begun in earnest and is progressing according to plan. In Japan, our alliance has already opened doors that previously had been closed to Goodyear tires. We look to grow our Japanese market share considerably in the coming years.
This alliance is, without a doubt, the most-important strategic move in Goodyear’s history. It has already changed the face of the global tire industry and forced our competitors to re-evaluate their plans in response.
We have enhanced our No. 1 position in North America and moved into a solid No. 2 ranking in Europe. Our company is now No. 1 in Germany and the UK, and No. 2 in France. We remain No. 1 in Latin America.
The Dunlop joint ventures bring Goodyear a step closer to achieving our 21st century objectives — namely to be the No. 1 or No. 2 competitor in every market in which we compete, to grow profitably and to be the global low-cost producer.
It is from this position of strength that we intend to grow. A larger, stronger Goodyear will be better able to serve its customers and help them prosper in the new millennium.
While Goodyear associates are proud to have regained the leadership status we held for seven decades, it is only half of the equation. Now we must focus on being the world’s best tire and rubber company.
 4Goodyear..............................20%* 4 Michelin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19% 4 Bridgestone . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17% 4Continental.............................9% 4Pirelli.....................................5% 4Others..................................30%
* IncludesDunlopsalessince September 1, 1999. If a full year of Dunlop sales were included, Goodyear’s market share would increase to 23%.

                                         I am convinced we have the right strategy — and the right leaders — to accom- plish this. During 1999, we changed both the structure and make-up of our senior management team to improve Goodyear’s ability to seize opportunities and serve customers in the 21st century.
The Goodyear of 2000 is a substantially different company than it was just five years ago — or even one year ago. Acquisitions and divestitures have reshaped our business. Investments in research and development have redesigned our product offerings. Breakthroughs in technology have led to automated tire production. A commitment to quality and productivity has improved our manufacturing operations.
At this point, it is important that I address a topic that is of concern to all of us — our stock price. During 1999, the price of Goodyear stock fell more than 40 percent, with most of this drop occurring in the fourth quarter.
Obviously, our poor financial performance took its toll as the stock price fell
from $66.75 in May to $50.75 in early October. Later that month, an event beyond our control helped push the price even lower. The editors of the Wall Street Journal removed Goodyear, and three other fine companies, from the “Dow Jones Industrials” list. We were replaced with high-tech and telecommunications companies.
Mutual funds that owned millions of Goodyear shares were forced to sell our stock simply because we were no longer on the Dow 30 and related lists. This, I believe, created a supply/demand imbalance, putting downward pressure on our share price. Additionally, the entire automotive sector has fallen out of favor on Wall Street.
As the sell-off slows, automotive-related companies once again attract the attention of investors and our financial performance steadily improves, Goodyear stock should again be recognized as an excellent value, which could lead to increased demand for our shares.
Despite the disappointments of 1999, Goodyear faces the dawn of a new century as the global leader of our industry. We have a sound strategy, a solid foundation
of core values and a team of the best people working toward a common goal. With this, and the support of our shareholders, I am extremely confident in our future.
Respectfully submitted,
SAMIR G. GIBARA
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
FOCUS IS ON IMPROVING RESULTS
Goodyear’s 2000 strategy is clearly focused on improving financial results. It includes five major areas.
• As 1999 was a year of aggressive acquisition, 2000 will be a year of consolidation. We must successfully integrate — and enhance — the companies that have recently joined the Goodyear family. This includes the North American and European Dunlop tire operations, Debica in Poland, Sava in Slovenia and Goodyear South Africa.
• We will continue our global manufacturing strategy. We must make further gains in rationalizing production, cost effectively modernizing our factories and implementing global sourcing programs.
• Our research and development efforts will concentrate on quality. Today’s top quality will not be good enough tomorrow.
• We will re-balance our tire sales between the original equipment and replacement markets in North America and Europe. The replace- ment market is larger, less cyclical and more profitable.
• We will get closer to our customers to better learn what they want and what they need. Then, we must satisfy them with quality products and services.
GOODYEAR 5
 