  W
 To Our Shareholders
Total Segment Operating Income
Dollars in millions
 1200
1000
800
600
400
200
0
Total segment operating income is the sum of the segment operating income of each of our six business units. For more information, please see “Results of Operations – Segment Information” on page 21.
                                                                                  2 | GOODYEAR 2005
  ith numerous natural disasters, 2005 will likely be remembered more for tragedy than triumph, but I am pleased to report that our company completed another very good year despite significant challenges. Whether it was
hurricanes, earthquakes, rapidly rising raw material costs, or day-to-day competitive pressures, our associates worldwide met every challenge and kept Goodyear’s turnaround on track.
Our hurricane recovery efforts in the Gulf Coast region of the United States symbolized our preparedness and resolve to deal with adversity. During Hurricane Rita, 60 associates chose to ride out the storm inside a concrete block building at our Beaumont, Texas, chemical plant. They stayed so they could monitor damage, make repairs and prepare for startup much earlier than any other facility of its type in the region. Plant manager Brad Ioerger never left the prop- erty for 21 days. He wasn’t alone. When I visited Beaumont shortly after the storm I heard story upon story of family displacement and extensive property damage, yet associates stayed focused on getting Goodyear back up and running. When we restored power using our generator, the lights of Goodyear became a “beacon of hope” for the darkened Beaumont community.
Our associates around the world worked night and day seeking alternative supplies of raw materials and reallocating products to keep our tire plants running. Associates donated tens
of thousands of dollars to help stricken associates start to rebuild their lives. The courage, teamwork and resourcefulness displayed in 2005 represent the best values of Goodyear.
        
 2005 Results
As we continue to improve our financial performance, we reached several important milestones:
• Record sales of $19.7 billion, a 7 percent increase from $18.4 billion in 2004
• Net income of $228 million, nearly double the 2004 level of $115 million
• Segment operating income increased 23 percent compared to 2004
• Full year sales records for all six of our businesses
• Full year segment operating income records for our international tire businesses;
European Union, Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America and
Asia Pacific
Innovation, quality and a sharp market focus have
driven Goodyear’s financial recovery and the referenced milestones. We are extremely proud of our progress to date and we are taking the required steps to reach the next performance level. To do this, we will continue to leverage the Seven Strategic Business Drivers that have guided our progress thus far:
• Leadership
• A focus on cash
• A lower cost structure
• Fully leveraging our distribution network
• Building brand strength
• Product leadership
• Advantaged supply chain
I’d like to outline three examples of how elements
of our Seven Strategic Drivers drove 2005 results. Those include: Leadership; Product Leadership created by inno- vation; and Brand Building strength.
Leadership
I have commented frequently about the importance of great people and the value of leadership in generating business results. Today’s results from The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company are the product of outstanding teamwork and execution.
I believe that today we are a stronger competitor in our industry thanks to the efforts of our 80,000 associates. Our progress in the last three years demonstrates that our objectives are realistic and attainable. The will to win is becoming further ingrained in the culture of the “new” Goodyear.
Our Goodyear leadership team is truly outstanding. At our September investor meeting we showcased our leadership and gave investors and Wall Street analysts the opportunity to engage in a serious dialogue with top executives and division presidents. Investors heard presen- tations directly from the leaders of our two largest businesses: Jon Rich, president of North American Tire, and Arthur de Bok, president of the European Union. They also heard presenta- tions from Rich Kramer, our chief financial officer, and Larry Mason, president of the consumer tire business in North America. I have a high degree of personal confidence in these leaders and believe that nobody in this industry can match the quality of our team.
 “The last three to four years I’ve noticed a dramatic change. And now, I’m proud to be a Goodyear dealer.
I feel respected.”
Clayton Van Kleek,
Lake Katrine, N.Y. dealer
 ROBERT J. KEEGAN
Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer & President
 GOODYEAR 2005 | 3
    
 ASSURANCE featuring TripleTred Technology
“Rated No. 1 all-season tire in annual test”
Leading U.S. Consumer Magazine
I could go on and on about our people and the positive changes they are driving at Goodyear, but I would prefer that you hear it from those most important to us – our customers:
“For 50 years I’ve been in the tire business. I’ve lived through many, many regimes at Goodyear, many new people coming and going. And today, the people who are running Goodyear are outstanding.”
– HAROLD FINKELSTEIN, Astoria, N.Y. dealer
“Now they’re market-driven. They’re going to the marketplace... finding out what customers want in tires and they are bringing innovative new products to the marketplace based on demand of consumers.” – DREW DAWSON, Akron, Ohio dealer
“They’ve got a totally different focus. They realize that we need innovative products, (and that) we need a steady stream at a more rapid pace.” – BARRY LEVIN, Highland, Ind. dealer
“The last three to four years I’ve noticed a dramatic change. And now, I’m proud to be a Goodyear dealer. I feel respected.” – CLAYTON VAN KLEEK, Lake Katrine, N.Y. dealer
“I’ve been around a long time and seen a lot of change in Goodyear. And Goodyear has come back. With the new corporate leadership we have it’s more like a family-owned business again.”
– JIM MOODY JR., Franklin, Tenn. dealer
While these are comments from North American dealers, this is not just a North American phenomenon. We are having similar successes around the world, and I encourage you as share- holders not to take my word for it, but to talk to our customers and find out for yourselves how they feel about Goodyear.
Product Innovation
Our innovative new products are the result of a market-back approach that puts the market and consumer in the forefront of our decision-making process. Thanks to the capabilities of our scientists, engineers and marketers we are creating relevant technology that consumers want, playing to our brand strength and product leadership. We now have a proven new product engine that is outstanding. I believe we are the industry leader in commercializing high impact new products, and, we only look to improve our pace of execution.
In 2005, we continued to accumulate awards for performance, technology, innovation and consumer preference headed by our TripleTred and SilentArmor with Kevlar technologies on our Assurance and Fortera families of tires. We also earned additional awards and honors with our Eagle tires in North America and Europe and our UltraGrip and Dunlop winter tires in Europe.
We strongly believe that tires are not a commodity. The advances that we have made in product performance – and innovation to come – are dramatic evidence that delivering products that exceed consumers’ expectations will clearly continue to improve both value perceptions and consumer satisfaction. Our product mix becomes richer each year.
 4 | GOODYEAR 2005
   
                                                     Goodyear Assurance featuring TripleTred Technology
R&D Magazine Business Week “Leading U.S.
Consumer Magazine” Automotive News Consumer Digest TireRack.com
R&D 100 Award for Innovation Silver Idea Award
Rated No. 1 all-season tire in annual test
Pace Award Competition finalist (only tire selected)
“Best Buy”
Top-rated passenger all-season tire (through January 2006)
Goodyear Eagle F1 GSD3
Car and Driver Eurotuner TireRack.com
Top-rated ultra-performance tire
Top-rated ultra-performance tire
Top-rated maximum performance summer tire (through January 2006)
Goodyear Fortera featuring SilentArmor Technology
Popular Science New York Magazine Consumer Digest Popular Mechanics
Goodyear UltraGrip 7
ADAC
20 Seriously Hot Products for 2005 Best Bets selection
“Best Buy”
“Editor’s Choice”
Top-rated in European ADAC winter performance testing
Dunlop SP Winter Sport 3D
Auto Motor and
Sport Magazine Top-rated in Germany
Goodyear DuraSeal Commercial Tire Technology
Construction Equipment Heavy Duty Trucking Road Star
“Top 100 Award”
“Nifty Fifty Award” “Most Valuable Product”
Knowing what is coming in our product pipeline is exciting, but equally exciting are unsolicited comments we receive from consumers. For those of you with a consumer product background, you know that calls and letters from consumers are typically motivated by a negative experience. Imagine the type of performance required to motivate consumers to offer the following comments:
“On Oct. 29 I purchased a set of four Goodyear Assurance TripleTred tires... after considerable research of published literature and online reports. Based on approximately 1,500 miles of city and highway driving – in weather conditions ranging from warm sunshine to rain, snow, and ice – it is my unqualified judgment that the Assurance TripleTred is the finest tire I have ever owned.
I have purchased innumerable sets of tires through the years – each time on the basis of extensive per- sonal research. On each of these occasions after a few months of driving I have been disappointed with one or more aspects of tire performance only to conclude that I would push on... to find a better tire that would provide a more satisfying overall driving experience.
I cannot tell you how happy I am to have finally concluded my seemingly endless pursuit of excel- lence. Simply put, the Goodyear Assurance TripleTred is the perfect tire for the discriminating driver. I heartily congratulate your company on the innovative, award-winning TripleTred technology.”
– T.L., Attorney, Springfield, Ill.
FORTERA featuring SilentArmor Technology
“20 Seriously Hot Products for 2005” Popular Science
 GOODYEAR 2005 | 5
  AWARDS / HONORS
 
 The letters and comments are not confined to consumer products. We have similar testi- monials in the truck tire business where we have refocused and intensified our efforts:
“What makes Goodyear an exceptional supplier is that after 20 years, they take nothing for granted. They approach the relationship as if they have to earn the business every day. Not just executing the basics, but in the constant introduction and application of new ideas and technology.”
– STEVE GRAHAM, VP Corporate Purchasing, Schneider National, Inc.
These are just a sample of the type of responses we are receiving from consumers and end- users. The market buzz on our product capabilities is continuing to gain momentum. We are working hard to further enhance the performance advantage on all of our premium new product offerings.
We just released our newest Goodyear-brand product for the North American market; a performance-touring tire called Eagle with ResponsEdge and Carbon Fiber technology. During the latter stage of the development process for this amazing new product, I was impressed by the discernable performance difference between our new tire and the current competitive market leader in the segment. I am not a professional test driver, so what I felt will be significantly more apparent to those who push vehicles to the limit for a living. I believe that ResponsEdge will reaffirm Goodyear Eagle as the clear leader among all performance touring tires when it is available for sale in May. Its asymmetrical construction and tread design combine to provide a smooth and comfortable ride from the inboard side of the tire and ultra-high performance grip from the outer ResponsEdge of the tire.
Brand Building
Our successful efforts in brand building start with a thorough understanding of consumer insights and the resulting knowledge of what is important to the consumer in tire performance. Once we fully understand those insights, we connect that with “relevant technology” that makes the product differentiation easy for consumers to understand. RunOnFlat in Europe addresses consumer concerns of being stranded by a flat tire. TripleTred in North America reduces the anxiety associated with rapidly changing weather conditions, while SilentArmor delivers a durable, smooth ride for pickups and sport utility vehicles. Given our ability to identify these consumer insights, we have been able to quickly capitalize on attractive market opportunities. The result has been a richer product mix, richer brand mix and richer customer mix. We plan
to accelerate this enrichment.
Also critical to our brand building efforts has been our ability to target marketing initia- tives to those most likely to respond. Through data-driven decisions on media, we direct our messaging to those most receptive and most likely to purchase our products. Ultimately the objective of our efforts is to drive consumers to retail outlets to ask for the latest Goodyear products best suited to their needs. This is good for our company, and good for the unsurpassed global network of retailers who carry our brands. We bring outstanding marketing programs to our dealers to drive their revenue growth and profitability. Of all the elements instrumental in our turnaround, our approach to marketing has changed most significantly during the past
three years.
 6 | GOODYEAR 2005
   
 As we explored ways to drive the start of our turnaround, we could have been seduced into cutting our marketing expenditures for enhanced short-term financial performance. That would have been the wrong decision. We avoided this trap of short-term thinking and actually increased investments in marketing and in our key leaders and their teams. We knew that suc- cess is not solely based on having the best products. We needed to make the best products that consumers wanted and effectively reach them with the right messages. I’m pleased to say we are doing a much better job in all aspects of marketing today, and we know that we can do even more.
The Road Ahead
As I mentioned, the road ahead is not paved with a new strategy. The strategic platform that generated our turnaround in the past three years remains intact. The intensity of focus in key areas will carry us confidently forward. Three years ago we presented a strategy to investors that included critical performance commitments. We increased our revenue per tire. We cut costs significantly. We improved our global return on sales. We reduced our debt. And we improved our capital structure.
The following accomplishments are the direct result of fundamental changes we have made to our company in both strategic and operational capability.
• We’ve strengthened our leadership team by blending the talents of people from inside and outside the company. All but one of our top 24 jobs now have people new to those positions in the past four years.
• We created a market-driven decision making process that has the consumer and cus- tomer firmly in the center of the process.
• We reorganized to drive decisions closer to our product markets and to drive profit and loss responsibility and accountability deeper into our organization.
• We dramatically changed our business models for original equipment, truck and private label tires, focusing on high margin products and selectivity in our choice of customers.
• We began evaluating assets outside of our core consumer and commercial truck tire businesses and moved forward with divesting selected operations. We sold our rubber plantation, Wingtack resin business and North American farm tire assets.
• We identified and then capitalized on attractive market opportunities to provide a rich- er product, brand and customer mix.
• We strengthened our new product capability with the ability to deliver the products that consumers want much faster.
• We significantly increased our marketing investments at a time when it was appealing to make cuts in those areas for short-term gain.
• We have improved our cost structure, although we know there are many more opportu- nities ahead of us to operate more efficiently.
“Simply put,
the Goodyear Assurance TripleTred is the perfect tire for
the discriminating driver. I heartily congratulate your company on the innovative, award- winning TripleTred technology.”
T.L., Attorney,
Springfield, Ill
 GOODYEAR 2005 | 7
   
 “They’ve got a totally different focus. They realize that we need inno- vative products, (and that) we need a steady stream
at a more rapid pace.”
Barry Levin
Highland, Ind. Dealer
While we are extremely proud of our progress in all of these areas, we will not allow our- selves to grow complacent.
We will continue our revenue building through a richer mix, using the established plat- form of the Seven Strategic Drivers to identify and capitalize on attractive market opportunities.
Our goal by 2008 is to further reduce our costs by $750 million to $1 billion, which will be partially offset by higher raw material and other cost increases. About one-third of the cost
is expected to come from business process improvements and product reformulations. Through improved productivity techniques, Six Sigma and Lean Manufacturing, we are working toward producing more tires with fewer people and at a lower cost. We will drive lower inventory levels while continuing to improve our customer service levels.
A second initiative will be a reduction in our global manufacturing footprint with an anticipated savings of $100 million to $150 million per year. Our target is to reduce our manufacturing capacity by 15 million to 20 million tires, or approximately 8 percent to 12 percent of our high cost capacity.
In 2005, we set up a new purchasing office in China to increase our low-cost sourcing of tires, raw materials, indirect materials and capital equipment. Over the next three years, we have targeted savings of between $150 million and $200 million.
There are also opportunities to further reduce costs by simplifying the way we process transactions and the way we are organized. Another $150 million to $200 million cost reduction is expected to come from reduced selling, administrative and general expenses.
Finally, we plan to reduce working capital requirements to run the business, freeing cash that can be used to meet our financial obligations and invest in improving the performance trajectory of our businesses. Shortening the cash cycle and improving cash flow from operations creates financial flexibility.
Today we are a fundamentally different company than we were three years ago, and a con- siderably stronger competitor. We certainly recognize that the challenges ahead are very real. We embrace these challenges as opportunities. We look forward to each with the same capabili- ty, passion, confidence and will-to-win that have created today’s business momentum.
Robert J. Keegan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
  8 | GOODYEAR 2005
   