 To our shareholders
For Goodyear and our entire industry, 2000 was a very difficult year.
While we had record sales, our earnings were disappointing. Unantici- pated economic and marketplace turmoil impacted us significantly. We took aggressive action to temper the impact and better prepare us for the future.
In the face of these difficult condi- tions, Goodyear associates around the world made outstanding progress in many areas that offer long-term strate- gic value for our company.
A year that began with strong ship- ments and bright prospects for improved profitability became clouded by skyrock- eting raw material and energy costs, a weakening euro and a slowing U.S. economy.
Adding to the turbulence was the August recall of 6.5 million tires in North America by our competitor Bridgestone/Firestone.
Overnight, tires became front-page news. Journalists, attorneys, politicians, automakers and government officials scrutinized the entire industry and its products.
On a positive note, after years of giving little thought to their tires, con- sumers began to realize tires are actually highly complex products that combine hundreds of materials and compounds, are uniquely designed for a specific use and require proper care and maintenance.
Millions Turn to Goodyear
Consumers – now armed with a better understanding of the important role tires play in their safety and that of their families, friends and vehicles – began to abandon bargain brand tires and turned to name brands they know and trust. Millions turned to Goodyear.
In the second half of 2000, North American replacement market shipments of Goodyear-brand tires grew at a pace almost five times that of the overall market. Gains were made in all consumer tire categories, from Aquatreds and Regattas for minivans and sedans to Wranglers for sport utility vehicles and Eagles for sports cars. We intend to keep these new customers.
Clearly, Goodyear’s long-standing reputation for quality and safety stood out from the furor and comforted con- cerned motorists. Everyone at Goodyear takes very seriously the trust consumers put in our products and services. We always have, and always will.
Samir G. Gibara (right), chairman & chief executive officer; and Robert J. Keegan, president
& chief operating officer.
Be Tire Smart
As a member of the U.S. Rubber Manufacturers Association, Goodyear sup- ports and applauds the RMA’s “Be Tire Smart, Play Your PART” consumer educa- tion program.
We’ve chosen to promote this on our Web site, and on the back cover of this annual report. Please read it, follow the advice and spend five minutes inspecting your tires, as well as those of family members.
GOODYEAR | 2

 Economic Challenges
The financial benefit of our growth in North America’s replacement tire market was not enough to offset the industry- wide challenges we faced during 2000.
Prices for oil hit record highs. This is significant to our results since 65 per- cent of the raw materials used in a tire are derived from oil.
Because of very competitive mar- ketplace conditions, we were not able to immediately increase our selling prices to offset this higher cost. We tried dur- ing the spring. Our sales fell off, and profits quickly evaporated.
As the year 2000 ended, however, we successfully implemented price increases of up to 7 percent in all of our regional replacement tire business- es. Many of our original equipment cus- tomers agreed to pay more as well. These increases should offset our high- er costs and lead to solid bottom line profits in 2001.
Currency movement – in particular the euro versus the U.S. dollar and British pound – hurt results for Goodyear as it did other U.S.-based companies with a significant European presence.
Pride in Our Accomplishments
Our disappointment in 2000’s financial results cannot conceal our pride in the accomplishments achieved by Goodyear associates this past year. They were many. They were significant. And they will benefit this company for years to come.
These efforts were recognized by many outside of our company. Customers, government agencies, professional organ- izations and journalists were among those praising Goodyear’s products and its actions.
During the year, we accelerated the integration of our Dunlop tire businesses and captured more synergies than we had expected. This acquisition has been both a key to our growth strategy and a solid contributor to our financial results. The addition of the Dunlop brand gives us significantly greater strength in the marketplace.
The restructuring of our global operations continues. Ongoing invest- ments in productivity allowed us to fur- ther rationalize manufacturing and close some less-efficient factories. Changes in our administrative practices enabled us to reduce our office staff. In total, dur- ing 2000 and 2001, we will reduce our worldwide work force by almost 10,000.
We formed a joint venture with Treadco to combine our U.S. truck tire service and retreading outlets into a network of almost 200 service centers and 77 retreading plants. Goodyear owns approximately 80 percent of the new business called Wingfoot Commercial Tire Systems, and is now the largest provider of truck tire services in the world.
We opened a sales and distribution center in Dubai, the chief port and commercial center of the United Arab Emirates. This will allow us to access much more efficiently more than 40 markets in the Middle East, Africa and Central Asia. We intend to double our market share in the region.
With an eye on tomorrow, we made significant strides in our e-commerce efforts. Most notable is the start-up of RubberNetwork.com, a global electronic purchasing and procurement marketplace established by Goodyear and five other tiremakers. We believe it will fundamen- tally change the industry’s purchasing practices and reduce costs throughout the supply chain.
Later this year, we plan to unveil several e-commerce initiatives focused on dealers, distributors and trucking fleets, as well as individual consumers.
Product Advancements
In North America, the Goodyear Aquatred 3 took its place atop our consumer tire lineup. It was joined by the off-road Wrangler MT/R, the entry- level Club tire and several additions to our Eagle performance tire line.
Our commercial tire groups unveiled products for tractor-trailers, road graders, heavy service vehicles, farm tractors, recreational vehicles, articulat- ed dump trucks and mining trucks.
Dunlop Tires added several new sizes to its popular Radial Rover light truck and SP 40 A/S passenger car tire lines.
Kelly-Springfield introduced the Kelly Safari SUV tire and the Navigator Platinum TE, a touring tire that features an 80,000 mile limited treadwear war- ranty and free road hazard protection.
Our European businesses launched car, truck and farm tires for our Goodyear, Dunlop and Sava brands. These include the highly successful Goodyear Eagle Ventura, judged the best car tire in the UK; Eagle NCT5; and the Dunlop SP Sport 3000A.
GOODYEAR | 3

 Additionally, we stepped up market- ing efforts for the Kelly brand in Europe to better take advantage of its rugged American image in the value-priced segment of that market.
In Asia and Latin America, the advanced-technology Goodyear Eagle Ventura, Eagle F1 and Eagle NCT5 pas- senger car tires made successful debuts.
Innovative products from our Engineered Products business included a chemical transfer hose that can operate at temperatures up to 250 degrees and the Goodyear TensionRite gauge, which helps customers eliminate the leading cause of power transmission belt failure, improper tension.
Technology Advancements
In 2000, our strengthened global prod- ucts planning group worked to merge the needs of our global customers and our regional business units to make us more effective, efficient and profitable.
In June, we reached an agreement with our competitor Michelin to jointly develop run-flat tire systems that com- bine the best of its Pax system and our EMT breakthroughs. Our 50-50 joint ven- ture includes agreements on research and development, licensing of each company’s patents and the creation of a global aftermarket service network.
We are extremely proud of our EMT run-flat technology and the benefits it is bringing automakers and motorists. We are even more excited, however, about the prospects for future run-flat systems and technology through this historic joint venture.
By collaborating, these two very competitive companies can serve the best interests of consumers, automakers and our individual companies by dramatically speeding the availability of run-flat tire systems. Together, Goodyear and Michelin will establish an industry standard and in doing so advance automotive safety.
A new standard will encourage automakers to add run-flats as original equipment. Consumer demand is growing. More than half of those responding to a study of new car owners said they would like run-flat tires on their next vehicle.
Also during 2000, we made strategic investments in companies that have rev- olutionized tire pressure monitoring and maintenance. Our commercialization of these technologies from Cycloid Company and Phase IV Engineering could hasten the acceptance of run-flat tire systems and the elimination of low air pressure as a safety concern. Goodyear is deeply involved in the development of leading- edge automotive safety technology.
Our off-road tire business introduced advanced technology intelligent systems that monitor tire performance and allow mine operators to review it on a real- time basis. Engineered Products unveiled a conveyor belt monitoring program that runs on a hand-held computer.
Manufacturing Advancements
During the year we opened a second chemical manufacturing facility in Beaumont, Texas, announced plans to build a molded products plant in Mexico and signed an agreement with Phoenix Automotive to share hose manufacturing capacity in Europe and North America. All of these moves will better allow us to serve our customers.
In contract negotiations, Goodyear manufacturing associates represented by the United Steelworkers of America agreed to replace wage increases with stock options. This provision, unique in our industry, creates an incentive for associates to add shareholder value and allows Goodyear to bypass some of the higher labor costs our competitors will be forced to absorb.
GOODYEAR | 4

IMPACT, our breakthrough tire man- ufacturing technology, is proving its value through installations at three plants. Our objective with IMPACT is not to simply automate production, it is to produce tires with even more precision and higher quality for our customers.
Outlook for 2001
As we enter 2001, indications are that raw material costs and currencies are slowly beginning to move in a direction that benefits Goodyear. U.S. auto and truck sales, however, are slowing from previous record high levels.
Goodyear will not wait for external factors to increase its profitability. We have been aggressively cutting costs throughout the organization and ration- alizing production. We will be aggressive in increasing prices where market condi- tions allow.
As the replacement tire markets con- tinue their movement toward quality-ori- ented brands, Goodyear is well positioned to profitably grow our market share.
Our plans include taking advantage of the strongest tire brand line-up in the industry. The Dunlop brand will play an increasingly important role in North America and Europe. We will significant- ly increase Goodyear’s and Dunlop’s marketing support to grow their market share during 2001.
In North America, Dunlop is posi- tioned as part of our “G3” package with the Goodyear and Kelly brands. This gives our retailers the opportunity to serve all consumers whether they are brand-, outlet- or value-oriented.
In Europe, Dunlop joined Goodyear and Fulda as our prestige brand offer- ings. Sava, Debica and Pneumant are marketed as value-priced brands.
Our sales efforts will be supported by targeted marketing, advertising and
public relations. We will continue adding distribution to make it easier for con- sumers to choose tires from the Goodyear family of brands in a crowded multi-brand field. Our leadership in channel management will make sure these tires are available wherever con- sumers want to buy them.
In the face of an auto industry slowdown, we expect our North American Tire business to capture more original equipment wheel positions as a growing number of new vehicle buyers ask for Goodyear tires.
You expect Goodyear to be prof- itable even when circumstances turn against us. So do we.
Management Team Changes
During 2000, our company made several management changes that strengthen our leadership for 2001 and beyond.
Most notably, Bob Keegan joined Goodyear as president and chief operat- ing officer on October 1. He brings
28 years of experience in the consumer products arena, most recently as president of Kodak’s global consumer imaging business.
Additionally, we have new leaders in four of our strategic business units. These executives are experienced and have track records of success. Each has initiated changes that hold promise for this year and the future.
Our management team is commit- ted to a dynamic strategy for 2001 and beyond aimed at improved sales, prof- itability and cash flow.
Determined to Lead
Without a doubt, the difficult economic and marketplace conditions of 2000 have slowed Goodyear’s progress. They have not, however, caused us to lose our focus or our determination. We welcome change in our industry. In fact, we plan to aggressively lead it.
With our strategy and core values as guideposts, an energized leadership team and the unwavering dedication of Goodyear’s associates around the world, we are committed to delivering superior performance to our shareholders.
Respectfully submitted,
Samir G. Gibara
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Robert J. Keegan
President & Chief Operating Officer
  GOODYEAR | 5
