TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Over the past year, The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company continued its drive toward creating sustainable value for the long term. In the midst of continued global economic volatility that affected the tire industry, we successfully executed our strategy and delivered another year of record segment operating income. These results were achieved through outstanding leadership and strategic execution by our teams across the globe. Our momentum is strong.
Our full-year performance was enabled by capturing the value of the Goodyear brand, and by becoming more efficient in our operations. By using a balanced approach
of investing for growth and taking actions to reduce costs we withstood prevailing uncertainty in several of our key markets.
In 2014, Goodyear’s segment operating income was
$1.7 billion (see next page), the most in our company’s history and an 8 percent improvement over last year’s record. This marks the fourth consecutive year in which we have delivered more than $1 billion in segment operating income, an unprecedented run of success.
In 2014, the soundness of our strategy and its disciplined execution led to many highlights in our global businesses.
GLOBAL BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Our North America business continued to grow profitably, as it delivered record earnings for the year, finishing the year with the highest quarterly segment operating income ever. With steady execution of our strategy, North America continued to win with consumers and is clearly on the
path to sustainable growth.
Demand for our Goodyear-brand products remains high in the region. For example, our Assurance All-Season tire, launched in 2014, will reach 1 million sold faster than any previous product. Likewise, our commercial truck tire business had a strong year, as fleets continued to embrace our outstanding products and business solutions model.
In the Asia Pacific region, we had full-year volume growth, spurred by our performance in China and India. Our brand strength continues to grow, as several of our Goodyearbrand products – including Wrangler and Excellence
RunOnFlat – earned “Tire of the Year” honors in China.
2
We’re growing with the right mix of products in channels where the Goodyear brand has its greatest value. Our factory in Pulandian, China is producing industry-leading products and providing cost efficiencies to support our growth in the region. In addition, we earned key new original equipment fitments and increased our distribution to make the most of the opportunities in this expanding market.

Our steady introduction of new high-valueadded
Goodyear products in Latin America was a hit with
customers. Though the original equipment business in Brazil declined through the year, our replacement tire sales in the country were very strong. In Brazil and Mexico, we grew share by delivering a double-digit increase in consumer replacement volume, as we completely revamped our portfolio to take advantage of the MegaTrend shift to high-valueadded products.
Increased marketing efforts in the region helped grow
demand for new products such as Goodyear EfficientGrip performance tires and Wrangler ArmorTrac for SUVs. Also,
we continued to invest in the region and updated our Americana, Brazil factory to meet increasing demand for
our high-value-added products. Even with the negative
impact of foreign currency translation in the region and the unpredictability in the Venezuelan market, our replacement volume growth in Latin America has been gratifying.
Finally, our Europe, Middle East, and Africa business had year-over-year segment operating income growth, even
as the economic climate remained volatile. Our product leadership in the region was confirmed by regular wins
and “podium” finishes in the important magazine tests, in addition to setting the pace in European tire labelling. In
the coming year, we will introduce our first tire to earn a coveted “AA” rating, with top grades for fuel efficiency and
wet handling.
Over the course of the year, we also made strides to
improve the competitiveness of our value proposition with
key European customers.
Taken in total, our full-year performance
is evidence that our underlying business
is strong, our strategy is sound, and our
brands are valued by our customers and
consumers.
Our results in 2014 were extremely
satisfying considering the ongoing
challenges we faced around the world.
For example:
• The increasing strength of the U.S.
dollar created unfavorable foreign currency translation
for many of our businesses around the world;
• Economic instability in several of our key markets, such
as Brazil and much of Europe, had a negative effect on
all elements of the automotive industry;
• Political unrest contributed to recessionary conditions in some emerging markets, such as Venezuela and Eastern Europe, and led to decreased volumes in those regions;
• Record warm temperatures in Europe at the end of
2014 reduced industry sales of winter tires;
• And anticipated U.S. tariffs on tires imported from
China led to abnormally large advance purchases of
these products, drastically increasing inventories in
many sales channels.
Our response to these headwinds was consistent with our

long-term focus, as we stuck to our strategy when it would have been tempting to pursue short-term gains. We did not overreact to distorted market conditions or chase unprofitable volume. And we did not waver from our commitment to capturing the full value of our brand
and our products.
We know that the tire industry is cyclical and one of the objectives of our long-term approach is remaining profitable and creating value through the inevitable highs and lows of the economic cycle.
3
COMMITMENT TO OUR STRATEGY
We are committed to following our Strategy Roadmap (see below) and executing the Key How To’s. During the year, we updated our Roadmap to reflect both the progress we have made to date and our focus on driving profitable volume growth. The Roadmap is built to take advantage of the MegaTrends that are shaping the direction of the global tire industry. These MegaTrends include increasing consumer demand for high-value-added tires with features that
include fuel saving, wet traction or ride comfort.
We will continue to innovate to meet the changing needs of
our customers and consumers. Investment in our business
will be driven from the market back and geared toward
providing the high-value-added products that differentiate Goodyear in the marketplace.
We have seen tangible results from our Operational
Excellence initiatives and will continue our journey to
become more efficient in our supply chain, reducing cost
and building the capabilities necessary to serve our
customers better. Our focus is still on delivering the right
tire, at the right time, for the right cost.
As we have done with Operational Excellence, we are
committed to building a global platform of Sales and
Marketing Excellence to take full advantage of our brand
and value proposition in order to drive profitable growth.
The goal is to establish global programs and “One Goodyear
Way” to leverage best practices in sales and marketing.
This is something that we are going to continue to develop
as we move forward.
As we move through the year ahead, we will remain focused
on winning in profitable market segments and positioning ourselves for growth. Led by our momentum in North
America, we remain committed to our target of 2015
segment operating income growth of 10 percent to
15 percent above last year’s record.
Our earnings growth targets support our capital allocation
plan which balances capital investments for future earnings growth, continued progress towards achieving an investment grade credit rating, and continued return of capital to shareholders. As always, we will take a thoughtful approach to
investment, focusing on projects that have the highest
potential for return.

DRIVING GROWTH
Last May, we announced our plan to build a new state-of-the- art manufacturing plant to serve the Latin America and
North America businesses. This plant will have the capacity
to annually produce six million of the high-value-added tires that are in demand in the Americas. The location of the new facility will be finalized this year and is expected to begin production in 2017.
In the meantime, we will continue to invest in our existing factories to help us keep pace with increasing demand.
We will continue to get faster and more efficient through Operational Excellence, enabling us to supply our customers with the Goodyear tires they want to sell and consumers want to buy.
Finally, we unveiled a new buying option for consumers in North America. During 2015, Goodyear will become the first tire manufacturer to offer consumer replacement tires for sale on line. Consumers will be able to purchase tires through Goodyear.com and have them installed at an authorized Goodyear retailer of their choice.
This is a major step for Goodyear and our aligned dealer network. Consumers are shopping for many goods and services on line already, and it’s how we believe they will increasingly shop for tires. As consumer demographics continue to shift and 80 million millennials come into the marketplace, we have to meet their shopping expectations. By taking the initiative and embracing this digital format
to simplify the tire buying process, we believe we will be the industry leader in this space. It’s another Goodyear innovation that goes beyond just tires and a tangible example of our focus on our customers and consumers from the market-back, rather than the factory-out.
CONFIDENCE IN OUR STRATEGY
As I reflect on 2014, I am extremely pleased with what our teams in all our regions accomplished over the past year. Our results are evidence that we have the right strategy in place and are delivering record profitability through a volatile period of the economic cycle.
I’m not only pleased with the results we are achieving, but with how we are achieving them. We know that the tire industry will not grow in a straight line, and we won’t be distracted by short-term swings in our markets. We remain committed to our long-term targets and are confident in our ability to reach them.
The power of our brand and the execution of our strategy strengthens our belief that we will continue to increase our earnings and value for shareholders not only when times are good, but when they are challenging as well.
On behalf of the men and women of Goodyear, who deliver the highest quality products and services around the world, thank you for your continued trust, confidence, and support. Respectfully submitted,
Richard J. Kramer

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
