To Our Shareholders,
Our objective this year is very simple: Drive the turnaround of our Company. Transformation and change will be the norm in 2003, as we take further actions to restore our profitability in North America. We are on a path to make very fundamental changes in our company. These changes will provide platforms for successfully building our business in 2003 and beyond.
Clearly, 2002 was one of the most challenging years in our history. Our net loss, in large part due to a non-cash accounting charge related to tax valuations, was extremely disappointing. Our goal is to significantly improve our financial results in 2003.
A critical step in this change was accomplished on April 1, 2003, when we completed the refinancing and restructuring of our bank agreements. The new arrangements provide more money and more time to turn around our North American Tire operations and to grow our other businesses. We will use that time in multiple ways: to build upon the established momentum we now have in six of our businesses, to fix our largest business – North American Tire, to restore our overall profitability, to pay down debt and to strengthen our balance sheet.
We are confident that we can be successful. Our products are second to none. We have the right leadership, the right strategies, the foremost brand line-up in our industry, the broadest distribution network, the strongest global manufacturing presence, outstanding technology and a team of dedicated associates without equal. We are taking action with a focus on growing revenue, gaining market share, cutting costs and generating cash flow.
We are making the tough decisions. Now! We have already announced a number of such decisions. We turned down unprofitable original equipment business with automakers. We introduced flexible manufacturing systems in our plants, working together with union leadership. We reduced employment in our offices and in our factories. We made changes to reduce the cost of our employee benefit programs. We eliminated the quarterly dividend payment. We announced the possibility of selling our chemicals division. To achieve the marketplace and financial success we – and you – want, more tough decisions involving changes to our way of doing business are following close behind those already announced.
Our business units have been reorganized into smaller, more-agile teams, focused on single customer/product groups. These teams have full responsibility for their markets, their business systems and their business results.
At the end of 2002 we made changes to our North American Tire leadership team to focus on steering key changes. That team is instilling a greater focus on our dealer and distributor customers and is simplifying our supply chain and internal processes so we can respond faster and become the easiest company to do business with in our industry. These goals and the programs to support them are clear. Six Sigma will be a primary process in this change.
Why are we confident?
These aggressive actions to drive change in North American Tire led to many wins during the second half of the year. We improved profitability in our commercial truck tire, original equipment and retail stores businesses. Revenue per tire showed clear improvement over 2001.
Outside of our North American Tire business, our sales increased 2.3 percent in 2002 and our segment operating income was up 76 percent. Many of the strategies that are already proving successful in our other business units are now being implemented in North America.
2

Driving this growth was outstanding performance in:
) Eastern Europe, Africa and Middle East – up 355 percent; ) Engineered Products – up 293 percent;
) Asia – up 120 percent
) European Union – up 79 percent;
) Chemical – up 15 percent; and ) Latin America – up 14 percent.
We are proud of the performance of these businesses and, going forward, we will continue to implement actions that build upon their momentum and make our Company even more customer-focused, more responsive, more efficient and more innovative.
While the year ahead will present ongoing economic and marketplace challenges, Goodyear’s strengths are unmatched in the industry. They provide a solid foundation for growth and restoration.
Worldwide, we plan to launch a steady stream of new products in 2003. Recently, our Goodyear Eagle F1 GS-D3 ultra-performance ‘‘world’’ tire has won praise on both sides of the Atlantic for its handling, wet traction and quiet ride in a sleek, stylish European design. Our most durable off-road tire, Goodyear Wrangler MT/R, won the prestigious Automotive News PACE Award in the ‘‘product innovation’’ category. Our Dunlop SP Sport A2 was the top-rated tire in testing by a leading consumer magazine. We plan to build on our leadership position in run- flat tires in ’03. Clearly, our product capabilities are a source of advantage and we will work aggressively to extend and market that advantage.
The Future Begins Now
We are confident in Goodyear’s future. Much remains to be done, but we’re off to a solid start. Our leaders and our associates are energized and focused on our business turnaround, and we have momentum to build upon.
None of us underestimates the sizable challenge facing our Company as we work to reduce costs, improve our market position, meet our financial obligations and – ultimately – increase the return to our shareholders. Our success will not come overnight. But come it will.
We will emerge from these difficult times as a stronger Company and a better supplier of outstanding products and services to our customers.
As we proceed, we want to extend our appreciation to those who make it all possible: our associates, our dealers, our customers and our suppliers as well as our shareholders, who believe in our ultimate success. We also thank our Board of Directors, whose independent voices and involvement have provided this Company with a wealth of experience, expertise and counsel.
And finally, we ask all of you to ‘‘go Goodyear.’’ We’d love to count all of our shareholders as customers. And we’d like to hear from you about your buying experience. We want to listen, to improve and to win.
Respectfully submitted,
Samir G. Gibara Chairman of the Board
Robert J. Keegan
President & Chief Executive Officer
  3
