         TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
I am very pleased to report that The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company delivered record levels of performance in 2015 and I believe that our company is well positioned to grow profitably in the future.
In 2015, we delivered 18 percent growth in full-year segment operating income, exceeding $2 billion for the first time in our 117-year history. The consistent execution of our strategy has allowed us to generate both record earn- ings and strong cash flow. Excluding the impact of currency on our results, our segment operating income grew
27 percent, which is a clear indication of the strength of our underlying business.
This is our third consecutive year of record segment operating income. To underscore our success, our three-year total shareholder return for the period ended December 31, 2015 placed Goodyear in the 94th percentile of S&P 500 companies over that period. This outstanding achievement demonstrates our focus on creating shareholder value over the long term.
At the start of the decade, we committed to a strategy to build our global business for sustained success. We have not wavered from our strategy. We defined our “Destination” as creating sustainable economic value for the long term. We chose signposts on our strategic journey to provide constant direction, including being first with customers, winning in profitable market segments and remaining profitable through the economic cycle.
While the daily execution of our strategy is critical to our success, our commitment to the long term remains our roadmap for sustained value creation. I am very pleased to say that we are executing our strategy, hitting our growth targets and creating sustainable value. We are very proud of what we have accomplished but more importantly, we are proud of how we have delivered.
RICHARD J. KRAMER
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
GLOBAL BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
A clear illustration of our commitment to building sustainable value is our North America business. Our full-year earnings in North America of $1.1 billion is a
38 percent increase over 2014’s record mark. In addition, our segment operating margin in this business was
14.3 percent, as we ended the year with our seventh consecutive quarter of more than 10 percent segment operating margin.
North America’s outstanding performance was a result of steady, disciplined execution of our strategy. Part of our strategy is winning in market segments where the value of our products and of the Goodyear brand differentiate us from the competition. As demand for our high-value-added
  2

  tires increased, we responded with a richer mix of products in our portfolio than ever. In our consumer tire segment, we continued to grow profitably in original equipment, as our strategy of pursuing fitments on high-loyalty vehicles positions us to earn both the OE position and the first and second replacements. In 2015, our products were on four of the top five best-selling vehicles in the U.S. – including the top-selling Ford F-150.
In North America’s commercial truck tire business, our “total solutions” model has helped our customers grow by supplying trucking fleets with more than just tires. From 24/7 roadside assistance to retreading to the industry’s strongest service network, Goodyear offers a complete – and growing – package of products and services that adds value for our brand.
Our long-term focus on building value in our Asia Pacific business yielded record results in 2015. We achieved full-year segment operating income of $319 million, as we saw strong growth in our China and India consumer businesses.
Though economic growth in China has slowed from its pace of a few years ago, we remain confident in the country’s long-term outlook, which will be fueled by the sustained growth of the middle class. New vehicle sales were especially strong, which helped our consumer OE business. We are well positioned to benefit from this growth given
our award-winning product lines and strong OE position creating aftermarket pull.
We remain optimistic about the long-range growth opportunities within our business in Asia Pacific. We will continue our steady rollout of new high-value-added products and expand our retail network to support long-term growth.
As we have experienced over the past few years, economic conditions in both Europe and Latin America remained challenging in 2015. Still, we saw positive signs and pockets of success during the recent year.
Our Europe, Middle East and Africa business closed the year solidly with fourth-quarter segment operating income of $100 million that helped it draw nearly even to the previous year’s 12-month earnings, despite currency headwinds
Our competitive advantage in this market is our ability to design and manufacture outstanding products that are recognized through tire labeling and magazine test scores. European consumers value the technology and performance of Goodyear tires. That remains a strong foundation to build upon.
Much of Latin America remained in recession during 2015, including traditionally strong markets for Goodyear such as Brazil. Even so, our full-year segment operating margin finished at 10 percent, reflecting the continuing shift toward branded, high-value-added products in the region. Our loyal and strong dealer network in Latin America provides a
solid foundation to take full advantage of this shift when economic conditions stabilize.
CONSOLIDATION OF GOODYEAR AMERICAS
At the end of last year, we announced the consolidation of North America and Latin America into a new strategic business unit, the Americas, beginning in 2016. We believe that this combined business will serve our customers and consumers better and enable Goodyear to be a stronger partner and supplier in both regions over the long term.
This integration will benefit our product supply and customer service. All manufacturing plants in the combined region – including our new plant in San Luis Potosi, Mexico, which comes on line in 2017 – will be leveraged to serve all customers in Latin America and North America.
 3

 Though North America and Latin America approach their markets differently, there are increasing similarities, including growth of high-value-added tires. We also will use the key learnings from our North America turnaround and success to navigate the challenges in Latin America. We have strong teams in both regions and we are confident that they will work seamlessly to execute our strategy.
BUILDING FOR THE LONG TERM
The consolidation of these businesses is one example of our commitment to building our business for the long term. As I’ve said many times, we are not measuring success by the quarter or the year, but by continued progress toward our destination of creating sustainable economic value. Our investments continue to reflect this long-range approach.
We have invested in our manufacturing footprint to help us produce more of the products that are in highest demand. In addition to our forthcoming factory in Mexico, our facility in Pulandian, China has been upgraded and expanded to include a new development center. Driven by innovation and technology, this development center will enable Goodyear to work more closely with vehicle manufacturers in China and is already helping us win more business in the expanding OE market.
Also, our continuing evolution to a company that works from the market back achieved a major breakthrough in 2015. Responding to the changing needs and expectations of a new generation of consumers, Goodyear became the first major tire manufacturer to offer on-line sales directly to consumers, with installation provided by a network of now more than 4,000 aligned retailers in the U.S. and Canada.
Though our North America e-commerce program is still in its early stages, I am extremely pleased with our positive results. We’re connecting on-line shoppers who come to us through goodyear.com to a preferred dealer who’s part of our installer program. Further, our customers have made it clear to us that on-line sales are a huge opportunity for them to grow their businesses.
We firmly believe that to win with consumers in the future, we have to make the tire buying process as easy as possible. Our e-commerce platform is a significant step
in creating a great consumer experience and making Goodyear easy to buy, to own and to recommend to others.
ONGOING CHALLENGES
As we keep our focus on creating sustainable value for the long term, we must remain prepared to respond to ongoing challenges around the globe, including:
• Weak international currencies,
• Economic, political and social instability, particularly in emerging markets and
• Moderate growth in some mature markets.
We believe there are several keys to meeting these headwinds. First, we must recognize the reality of the markets as they are, not as we wish they would be. Second, we must be agile and flexible to respond to rapidly changing circumstances. And third, we must continue to execute our strategy amidst challenging conditions. That means acting with urgency and purpose.
In most cases, such challenges are not new, and we have been running our businesses with flexibility to respond. We’ve taken actions when necessary to reduce costs and recalibrate our business to changing market realities.
 4

  CONTINUING CONFIDENCE
While I am very pleased with our performance in 2015,
I believe it is best considered in the context of our long term vision. Across Goodyear, we are more confident than ever in:
• The soundness of our strategy,
• Our ability to execute against that strategy and
• Our teams across the globe – the best in the industry – who have consistently executed our strategy and met our goals.
Our future is bright – as bright as it has ever been. We have momentum, fantastic products and a trusted brand. Our financial position is the strongest it has been in recent memory. Our technology and industry know-how are increasingly valued. Our customers are proud of the Goodyear sign on their stores and vehicle manufacturers want to do business with us.
Though 2015 was a great year to be part of the Goodyear family, we believe that the best years are still ahead of us. Thank you for your continued trust, confidence and support.
Respectfully submitted,
Richard J. Kramer
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
  5
