look beneath the surface
a strong focus
During 2012, Halliburton continued to execute the successful strategies that have enabled us to double the size of the company
over the past three years and outgrow our competition. Increased demand for our services and solid execution drove record revenues
of $28.5 billion and operating income of $4.2 billion. In addition to industry-leading revenue growth in 2012, Halliburton delivered
return on average capital employed of 15 percent. This was the third consecutive year of superior returns relative to our primary competitors, an achievement which demands a look beneath the surface.
2012 highlights
Revenue
$28.5 Billion
Operating Income
$4.2 Billion
Net Income
$2.6 Billion
Cash Dividends Per Share
$0.36
Capital Expenditures
$3.6B
Return on Average Capital Employed 15 percent
Earnings Per Diluted Share
$2.84
Active Patents
Over 3,000
Employees
Over 72,000
 industry trends benefit Halliburton
I am optimistic about Halliburton’s ability to create sustainable value for our shareholders and customers. Strengthening world economies are driving steady growth in energy demand, and this is supporting continued investment by our customers. Much of the investment is occurring in the three market segments where Halliburton has concentrated its attention and built deep capabilities over the past several years: unconventional assets; complex deepwater environments; and an increased focus on improving the performance of mature fields.
leading in unconventional Plays
In North America, we continue to demonstrate leadership and are committed to delivering the lowest cost per barrel of oil equivalent produced from our customers’ unconventional wells. With the 2012 release of our “Frac of the Future” program, we elevated our service platform to a higher level of efficiency, providing the most effective and reliable hydraulic fracturing system available today. At the core of this program is a new hydraulic pump,
the Q-10, which reduces our well site footprint by 20 percent and can be configured to use clean-burning natural gas as a fuel source. This year also saw a shift to downhole innovation in the domains of customized chemistry and new simulation technologies to enhance subsurface understanding.
Internationally, 2012 was a turning point for the development of unconventional market resources. We expanded our presence in key unconventional markets such as Australia, Saudi Arabia, Mexico and China, building our service footprint and establishing basin- oriented technology teams to help our customers develop their assets. As these countries seek to unlock their unconventional assets, Halliburton is using expertise and technology leadership developed in North America to the benefit of our international customers.
Making Deepwater advances
Over the last six years, the deepwater rig fleet has grown 40 percent, and the market has expanded beyond the scope of the traditional “golden triangle” – Gulf of Mexico, Brazil
and West Africa – into East Africa, the Mediterranean, the Red Sea and other emerging deepwater markets. The growth of deepwater activity spans from exploration and appraisal to development, where we can leverage our core strengths in drilling and formation evaluation, and our leadership in deepwater completions.
04
Halliburton 2012 annual report

As deepwater production becomes a greater portion of our customers’ portfolios, our reputation for reliability has made us a provider of choice across the globe. We are also seeing the payoff of our recent international infrastructure investments, resulting in leading market positions in deepwater in East Africa, Malaysia and Brazil – three robust markets that accounted for 9 of the top 10 discoveries in 2012.
Maximizing Mature Field Performance
Mature fields, those past peak production, demonstrate production declines that are typically estimated to be in excess of 3% per year. In addition, 65% of oil reserves are typically bypassed during production. As a result, our customers place a significant emphasis on the assurance of their production and improvement in recovery rates in their mature fields. This is an area of significant focus for Halliburton, and in 2012 we made investments in the areas of specialty chemicals and artificial lift to strengthen our global capabilities. These investments, along with our Boots & Coots product line, have allowed us to more than double the
size of our mature field business over the last two years.
We are helping our customers rediscover their reservoirs; providing technology to access bypassed zones and improving the recovery rates of their proven resources. Our global presence in all major oil-producing regions and strong portfolio of capabilities for data acquisition, well diagnosis, intervention and completion, position Halliburton for continued growth in this important arena.
Expanding Opportunities
Over the coming year, our business in North America stands to benefit as material cost headwinds experienced in 2012 abate. Bolstered by strengthening offshore activity in the Gulf of Mexico, we remain focused on maintaining our leadership position in North America. Internationally, robust deepwater activity, growing interest in unconventional resource development and expanding mature field opportunities will provide a diverse platform
for continued growth. I believe we will continue to expand our international operations, building our market share position, strengthening our margins and achieving balance in
our geographic portfolio.
We have a sound strategy and a track record of exceptional execution. I am optimistic about our future and the expanding global opportunities for Halliburton, and we remain committed to delivering superior growth, margins and returns. We appreciate the support of our shareholders and customers as well as the exceptional contributions of our board of directors, employees and suppliers, all of whom are vital to our success.
David J. Lesar
    David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mark A. McCollum
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Jeffrey A. Miller
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Albert O. Cornelison, Jr.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Timothy J. Probert
President, Strategy and Corporate Development
Lawrence J. Pope
Executive Vice President of Administration and Chief Human Resources Officer
   05
