                Halliburton 2015 Annual Report
“We are engaged with our customers in their efforts to reduce the cost of producing each barrel of oil equivalent, and have continued to offer them products, services and technologies that are more efficient, reduce non-productive time and improve performance.
To Our Shareholders
In 2015, lower oil and gas prices led to substantial reductions in global upstream oil
and gas activity levels resulting in the most challenging year in decades. Halliburton’s commitment to superior execution, our broad service offerings, and our long-standing customer relationships enable us to manage through business cycles and prepare for the market’s eventual recovery.
The downturn materialized very quickly, beginning in late 2014. As of December 31, 2015, the activity level measured by the Baker Hughes U.S. land rig count declined by 64 percent from the 2014 peak, and we experienced substantial declines in our international markets as well. As our customers’ capital spend declined, so did Halliburton’s activity and the prices paid
for our products and services.
But this is a market that Halliburton knows well, and we have experienced these cycles before. We have focused relentlessly on managing our costs. While this required difficult staffing decisions, we are committed to aligning our cost structure with the market, and we believe the actions and decisions taken in 2015 will enable Halliburton to emerge from this downturn prepared to deliver competitive growth and returns.
Our playbook for a downturn is simple – we control what we can control, preserve our market position and live within our cash flow. We continued to execute our key strategies in the unconventionals, deep water and mature fields markets on a near real-time basis. We also looked beyond the cycle, investing in strategic initiatives and preparing for future recovery.
Our international operations performed well given the global industry headwinds. Revenues were lower than in 2014, compared with an 18 percent decline in the international drilling and completion spend by our customers. However, aggressive cost control enabled the company to maintain our international margins even with downward pressure on prices.
Halliburton traditionally has been aligned with operators that have strong balance sheets and fairway acreage in the most important oil and gas basins in North America and across the globe. We are engaged with our customers in their efforts to reduce the cost of producing each barrel of oil equivalent, and have continued to offer them products, services and technologies that are more efficient, reduce non-productive time and improve performance.
Frac of the FutureTM is a prime example. While industry crew sizes have increased in recent years because of higher hydraulic fracturing intensity, Halliburton’s average crew size has been essentially flat. At year end, Frac of the FutureTM spreads represented 60 percent of our fleet – a more efficient, low-cost delivery platform that offers a clear competitive advantage both in challenging times and during the recovery.
We drive this improvement by lowering costs at every step. We help operators optimize bit designs and fluid compositions, reduce drilling days, and improve surface efficiency. We also help increase estimated ultimate recoveries by collaborating with our customers to identify the best targets and utilize the right chemistry to produce more barrels.
Halliburton is the execution company, and 2015 marked another year of improvement in safety and service quality metrics, with significant, double-digit reductions from 2014 in both areas. Even while the market is forcing us to streamline our footprint in the field, we are improving our performance rates.
4
www.halliburton.com

                In 2015, we continued to work diligently toward the closing of the pending acquisition of Baker Hughes, including the pending regulatory reviews, the divestiture proposals, and planning for integration activities.
We have tremendous appreciation for the contributions of Halliburton’s employees and
our Board of Directors, the confidence placed in us by our customers to help them find the most efficient, cost-effective and safest means to achieve their goals, and the understanding of our investors who have persevered with us during this challenging business cycle.
Turning the page to 2016, market visibility remains limited. Activity recovery will depend on commodity prices, which will impact our customers’ ability to invest. We will continue to strategically focus on offering services and solutions that improve our customers’ cost per produced barrel.
The long-term fundamentals and outlook for the industry remain strong. We expect global demand for oil will continue to grow, and supply levels will contract as output from aging reservoirs decline and lower investment levels result in lower production. These fundamental trends are likely to restore the balance between supply and demand and bring a recovery in oilfield activity.
We are focused on maintaining a strong customer portfolio, investing in more efficient technology and delivering reliable, best-in-class service quality for our customers, and we are preparing the business for growth when the industry recovery begins.
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
    David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Lawrence J. Pope
Executive Vice President of Administration and
Chief Human Resources Officer
Joe D. Rainey
President, Eastern Hemisphere
Jeffrey A. Miller
President and Chief Health, Safety and Environment Officer
Robb L. Voyles
Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Christian A. Garcia
Senior Vice President, Finance, and Acting Chief Financial Officer
Mark A. McCollum
Executive Vice President and Chief Integration Officer
James S. Brown
President, Western Hemisphere
     5
