LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
fellow
shareholders
 halliburton initiated significant changes during 2000 as we restructured the Company to profit from
growing opportunities in the worldwide energy industry. These changes included the decision to divest the Dresser Equipment Group, and the formation of our Energy Services and Engineering and Construction groups.
Halliburton also experienced a transition in senior management. Dick Cheney retired as our chairman in August to run for vice president of the United States, and I was elected chairman and chief executive officer in addition to my job as president.
Dick’s tenure was marked by a period of extraordinary growth for Halliburton. In
five years Halliburton has grown from a $5.7 billion company to its present $11.9 billion size. At the same time, we have become a more closely knit organization with a more focused and unified strategy. We’re grateful for Dick’s service and commitment to Halliburton and wish him well in his new role in public life.
In 2000, the demand for energy services was particularly strong in the U.S., as both crude oil and natural gas prices rose substantially, and oil and gas companies increased their expenditures for exploration and production (E&P) projects. However, historically two-thirds of Halliburton’s energy services business comes from outside the U.S., and demand for energy services in international areas
has been slower to accelerate. As exploration and development increases overseas in 2001, we are in an excellent position to continue to grow our revenues and earnings in the upstream oil and gas sector. Overall, oil and gas company E&P spending was up by more than 18 percent in 2000. Early estimates for 2001 are for additional spending growth of around 20 percent.
The demand for Engineering & Construction (E&C) projects, however, did not mirror that for energy services. In 2000, higher prices for oil and gas had not yet translated to increased spending by our customers on E & C projects in the liquefied natural gas (LNG), refining, and petrochemical industries. This lack of
          HALLIBURTON COMPANY 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
5

  The E&C group’s revenues were $4.0 billion, compared to $5.3 billion in 1999, and operating income was $14 million, compared to $203 million in 1999. This decline was a reflection of the lack of new downstream projects, and intense compe- tition for the few available opportunities.
Our third business segment, Dresser Equipment Group, was reclassified as discontinued operations after we decided to sell the business. The group is performing well, but their lines of business do not closely fit our core business and our long-term goals and objectives. This move will bring a sharper focus on our core business activities.
The estimated $1.1 billion net proceeds
“Our organization and
market opportunities, along with a consolidating customer base and a fiercely competitive environment, contributed to my decision to restructure the E&C group. This change will help us gain operating efficiencies and provide a stronger platform for consistent profitability with improved operating margins. Current and projected strength in the energy services markets in the U.S. and overseas should be followed by increased spending in the E&C sector. We expect this to begin in late 2001 and 2002.
Halliburton’s 2000 revenues from continuing operations were $11.9 billion. Net income for the year, including discontinued operations, was $501 million,
and $188 million from continuing operations. Earnings per diluted share were $1.12, compared with $.99 per share for 1999. Discontinued operations are those of the Dresser Equipment Group, which is in the process of being sold.
The Energy Services Group includes our business units providing services and products to the upstream oil and gas business. The group’s 2000 revenues were $7.9 billion, compared to $7.0 billion in 1999, while operating income more than doubled to $526 million in 2000, compared to $222 million in 1999. This dramatic improvement came from stronger demand for energy services in North America.
  our technology strategy
...are designed to
position Halliburton to...
continue our worldwide
leadership in providing
discrete energy services.
 6
HALLIBURTON COMPANY 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
   ”

   will be used for working capital and to repay debt, which will leave us in an even stronger financial position to pursue strategic acquisitions and internal invest- ment opportunities. We expect a pretax profit of about $500 million from the sale and expect it to be completed in the sec- ond quarter of 2001. Halliburton will retain a 5 percent equity stake.
The changes in our Energy Services and E&C groups have been driven by the same strategic goals: to improve the competitive position of our product lines, to bring a new intensity and focus to our commitment to the energy industry, and to improve profitability.
In the Energy Services Group, this means a renewed focus on optimizing the value of our individual product lines – turning their brand name capital and strong market position into higher profit margins. This will be the focus of the energy services management in 2001.
At the same time, in order to make our E&C organization flatter and simpler, I combined all our engineering and construction operations into one company. All engineering, construction, fabrication, and project management are now part of Kellogg Brown & Root (KBR).
The restructuring has achieved a reduction in the number of executives in
the company, and a flatter, more responsive, management structure in both business segments. This organization will both strengthen our individual discrete product and service lines, and at the same time give us a more effective framework for developing integrated technology products, and for pursuing large integrated projects.
The most significant application for integrated technologies over the next several years is in deepwater exploration and production projects. We estimate there will be about $21 billion committed annually to deepwater projects by 2004, up from $8 billion in 2000.
Winning these projects requires project management skills, the ability to match the subsurface and surface work, to perform and integrate services during the project, and to develop new enabling technologies – all Halliburton strengths. And we’ve proven our ability to compete by winning the engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contract for the $2.5 billion Barracuda/Caratinga offshore project in Brazil.
Our organization and our technology strategy – the focus of this annual report – are designed to position Halliburton to win large projects and continue our worldwide leadership in providing discrete energy services. I would like to thank all of our employees who are executing the business strategies which will drive future success for the Company and our shareholders. H
Sincerely,
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
       HALLIBURTON COMPANY 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
7
