 In November of 2006, KBR was listed as a public company on the New York Stock Exchange.
 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
In 2006, we made a commitment to put our full energies into becoming the preferred energy services provider.
In November, KBR completed the initial public offering of approximately 19 percent of its common stock.
We expect the full separation to be completed early
in 2007, enabling us to focus entirely on being a pure energy services company.
During 2006, the Energy Services Group posted some impressive numbers. We achieved revenue of $13.0 billion – revenue growth of 28 percent year over year. Our operating income margin was more than 26 percent, and our operating income grew more than 48 percent. These numbers reflect record revenue, operating income and operating income margin in each of the divisions within the ESG: Production Optimization, Fluid Systems, Drilling and Formation Evaluation, and Digital and Consulting Solutions.
Eastern Hemisphere
Beginning in early 2006, we started moving rapidly to
expand our already significant presence in the Eastern Hemisphere. This focus included traditional markets, such as the Middle East and the North Sea, and developing markets
for us, such as Southeast Asia and North Africa. With a firm commitment to investments in infrastructure, capital and technology as the cornerstones of our growth, we saw exceptional results: revenue growth of 27 percent year over year.
The Middle East is a significant growth area for Halliburton. One of our big successes last year was winning the contract to provide oilfield services to Saudi Aramco for the development of the Khurais Field. Almost all of our product service lines will be utilized in drilling and completing more than 300 wells during the term of this project.
Pressure pumping services continue to play a key role in our Russian market. In fact, in November, we signed a contract with Rosneft-YNG for the provision of hydraulic fracturing services in Siberia’s Priobskoye Field. We also recently introduced in Russia our pinpoint stimulation technologies, which accurately place multiple stimulation treatments in horizontal and vertical wellbores.
Another recent win in the Tyumen region of Russia is a three-year contract that will utilize products and services from our Cementing, Baroid Fluid Services, Sperry Drilling Services and Security DBS Drill Bits lines.
Western Hemisphere
Complementing our performance in the Eastern Hemisphere are our Western Hemisphere operations, which include Canada, the United States and Latin America. We posted revenue growth of 29 percent year over year.
Among the new technologies we have applied to the Canadian market are Sperry’s StrataSteer® 3DTM system, which was recognized by World Oil magazine as the Best Data Visualization Package, and our patented Geo-Pilot® rotary steerable system. The StrataSteer 3D system, coupled with our real-time decision-making capabilities, gives us a decided edge in in-situ heavy oil development, a high-growth sector.
  2

Our pinpoint stimulation services, in particular, have helped to revitalize mature fields and have proved to be a true game-changer in layered structures representative of unconventional natural gas basins in the United States. Revenue from these technologies, which include our CobraMax® and SurgiFrac® fracturing services, increased 57 percent over 2005.
Another emerging technology is Baroid’s new diesel-based drilling fluid called IntegradeTM. It is based on our ACCOLADE® technology, which helps lower overall well construction costs by increasing penetration rates. We saw a 90-percent increase in the number of Integrade jobs performed in the fourth quarter of 2006 in deep U.S. well applications.
Our Latin America region demonstrated the value of a diverse portfolio by posting year-over-year revenue growth.
In Argentina, innovation in data acquisition, using magnetic resonance measurements with the MRIL®-PrimeTM technology, helped clients to better identify heavy crude hydrocarbons compared with previous methods. On the other hand, conductivity- endurance SandWedge® technologies helped improve the production of wells over longer periods of time.
Our Focus on Technology
We’ve made considerable strides the past few years in our real-time decision-making capabilities, both in our ability to assist our clients in setting up and operating Real Time Decision Centers and in improving our own operational efficiency. Overall, our real-time jobs grew more than 400 percent from 2003 to 2006.
Our plan for the Digital Asset – the real-time collaborative environment to model, measure and optimize reservoir performance – positions us to gain competitive advantage. This seamless transfer, management and interpretation of exploration and production data between our product service lines and our customers are integral parts of our overall growth strategy.
     “Our long-term technology and research strategy is aimed at
meeting our customers’ and the world’s future needs. Each of our product service lines has three-year technology road maps for future internal developments and commercialization of new technology.”
– Vik Rao
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
“Our Rocky Mountain area, where one of every six global exploration and production dollars is spent, is
the flagship operation for the Western Hemisphere. We are the market leader here because our knowledge of the area’s unconventional basins enables us to maximize our customers’ production rates.”
– Jim Brown
Senior Vice President, Western Hemisphere
    
“The Middle East is clearly a significant growth area for us. One recent success was winning the contract with Saudi Aramco for the oilfield services piece
of the Khurais Field development – the largest oil development project in the Arabian Gulf since the 1950s.”
– Ahmed Lotfy
Senior Vice President, Eastern Hemisphere
  We have just completed construction of a major remote operating center in Al Khobar, Saudi Arabia. From this center, experienced engineers monitor and operate complex drilling and geological sensing packages deep below the earth and hundreds of miles away, helping to steer the well through the reservoir and improve the efficiency of field operations. This capability is a sign of more widespread use of remote operations centers and is an important step in enabling Sperry to achieve its goal of performing more than 25 percent of its jobs remotely by 2010.
Our commitment to long-term strategic technology and research aimed at meeting our customers’ and the world’s future needs is evidenced by our newest global research and development center. Focusing on our Fluid Systems and Production Optimization divisions, the Pune, India, center will open in the second quarter of 2007. Another technology center, which will be anchored by products from our Drilling and Formation Evaluation division, will open soon after that in Singapore. These new centers – along with our six existing centers located in the U.K., Canada and the U.S. – will further globalize our technology platform and leverage the worldwide talent pool.
In addition, we have a strategy in place for diversifying our manufacturing footprint in coordination with that of technology. It makes good business sense to source material and manufactured components closer to the work. In doing so, we will take advantage of both our manufacturing reach and our global supplier base.
We had a very good year in 2006. We measure our success in a number of ways, but we know that a truly successful company not only wins in the marketplace, but it also leaves a positive imprint in the communities where we live and work.
Our employees are to be commended for their outstanding performance, attention to safety and service quality, and dedication to the success of our company, as well as for their service to their communities and goodwill toward their neighbors.
We are excited about our future and the many opportunities that await us the world over. Sincerely,
    4
Dave Lesar
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Bert Cornelison
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Cris Gaut
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Andy Lane
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
  