  TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
We, the members of the senior management team, are very proud of the results Halliburton delivered in 2005. And we are equally excited about the prospects for 2006; we anticipate continuing growth in oilfield services revenue and operating income, as well as further quality additions to KBR’s project backlog.
Most of this report is devoted to bringing you the details of our financial performance, but there is much more to
the Halliburton story. We also want to draw your attention to what drives the numbers – the organization, the strategy, and the people.
While strong demand for Halliburton’s services certainly played a role in our robust returns, Halliburton has also performed well relative to the competition. The fundamental drivers to our success are our investment in technology, equipment, and people. Especially people. A handful of senior managers in Houston don’t produce results like these; it takes the combined creativity and expertise of more than 100,000 Halliburton people worldwide.
Our organization has transformed in recent years in order to be profitable at every division and to empower our people at all levels. Our 2005 success and our bright prospects for 2006 are, in large measure, the result of that transformation.
Our company is organized into six divisions – four in the Energy Services Group (ESG) and two in KBR – each with a distinct mission and a unique business niche.
To provide a picture of the accomplishments, challenges, and personality of each division, we have asked the division leaders to supplement this letter with their own reports. Their sections will give investors a new depth of understanding about Halliburton’s business, and it will also provide a sense of the high quality of our management team.
Halliburton has an exceptional global presence. We have a strong oilfield services position in North America, where our customers’ spending is most concentrated. We also have a large presence outside North America, which accounted for over 40 percent of the ESG growth in revenue in 2005. Growing this international business is a strategic priority. ESG management focuses on working with customers around the world to ensure we have the appropriate infrastructure, equipment, and people to grow with their needs and to deliver superior performance worldwide.
For the year 2005, ESG posted revenue growth of 26 percent and operating income growth of 80 percent. Our operating margins were nearly 23 percent, compared to 16 percent in 2004.
We believe ESG’s ability to sustain growth in revenue, operating income, and margin is indicated by our customers’ plans to increase spending on exploration and development, and by their demonstrated confidence in the quality and value of our services. Continued demand growth for oilfield services should also allow for further price increases for our services in 2006. In addition, all four divisions are doing an excellent job of controlling costs in a growth market, and we are increasing our capital budget for ESG by nearly 40 percent to meet the anticipated growth in demand.
KBR delivered four profitable quarters in 2005, posting $498 million in operating income. The Energy and Chemicals Division moved from executing the final stages of difficult legacy projects to newly awarded projects in liquefied natural gas (LNG) liquefaction plants and the emerging gas-to-liquids market, which we collectively refer to as gas monetization. In 2005, KBR won major gas monetization projects in Angola, Australia, Indonesia, Nigeria, Qatar, and Yemen, and we expect more awards for 2006. These projects helped the division produce operating margins in excess of 6 percent, an unprecedented figure. The Government and Infrastructure Division also posted operating income and margin gains, as our work in the Middle East received high grades from our customer, reflecting the quality of our services.
We achieved several important goals that contributed to our strong performance. Working capital management and efficient deployment of our assets helped grow our overall return on capital employed to more than 20 percent in 2005. We had also set a goal of achieving a debt to total capitalization ratio below 35 percent by mid-2006, as we had incurred significant debt in prior years to fund our asbestos and silica settlements. We beat that deadline with a ratio of 33 percent at the end of 2005.
Our strong cash flow will help us continue to grow through increased capital spending and acquisitions. We also recently announced our intention to directly return more cash to our shareholders, with a 20 percent increase in our quarterly dividend and through the introduction of a share repurchase program.
2

     SUPERIOR PERFORMANCE WORLDWIDE
There are many more individuals who deserve recognition than there is space available to mention them here. We want to emphasize the central point of this letter: We are celebrating our most successful year ever because we have been able to empower the talents, initiative, and spirit of Halliburton people from diverse backgrounds. This has been the goal of our recruiting, training, and organizational structure.
We have invested heavily in our people, and we will continue to do so. One focus of our recruitment is nationalization – having a staff primarily from the region where they work. Our experience has shown the effectiveness of this approach in building long-term relationships with customers and communities.
A measure of success is the way our customers relate to frontline Halliburton employees – the men and women who design the job, deliver the services, and create the value. They are the frac crew working in the Rockies, the mud logger on a platform offshore West Africa, and the people providing hot meals and clean laundry to uniformed personnel in the Middle East.
Halliburton’s frontline representatives have always been the source of our competitive advantage because they inspire confidence and trust from the people they serve. That’s why the sight of a red truck coming over the horizon is welcomed around the world.
And Halliburton people have been good neighbors in the hundreds of communities where we live and work. 2005
was a year of great challenges in disaster relief, and our employees met those needs with their own initiative in country after country. They volunteered their time to travel to areas in Asia affected by the tsunami so they could help people there. They also responded immediately after the hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico with donations and services, and when an earthquake struck Pakistan, Halliburton employees from around the world pitched in to help provide relief.
We strive to be good stewards of Halliburton’s brand name and the financial capital that shareholders have placed with us, and this report will show what we have done. We are grateful for the confidence that our customers and investors have placed in Halliburton, and we look forward to reporting on a successful 2006 next year.
Sincerely,
Dave Lesar
Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer
Cris Gaut
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Bert Cornelison
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Andy Lane
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
    3
 