 BIG FOCUS:
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 Halliburton is committed to big thinking, focused execution and outperforming our peers in any market environment. During 2014, we once again delivered industry- leading growth and returns by executing on our key strategies around unconventionals, mature fields and deepwater. While 2015 is shaping up to be a challenging year, we have what it takes to outperform through the down cycle and emerge a stronger company. Our strategies have worked, they are working, and
we intend to stay the course.
During 2014, we produced record revenue and operating income
for the total company, as well as revenue records for our North America, Europe/Africa/CIS and Middle East/Asia Pacific regions. We also set revenue records in
both of our divisions and across
12 of our 13 product service lines. With an unwavering focus on best- in-class returns, we returned a
third of our 2014 cash flow from operations to shareholders, raising our quarterly dividend by 20 percent and repurchasing $800 million of our common stock.
Strength Across Cycles
The year clearly represented another peak in what has always been a cyclical industry. A decline in commodity prices late in 2014 led customers to begin reducing their capital budgets, which translates into a challenging environment for service companies. On the positive side, we have built a position of strength; we have been through these cycles before, and we know what we need to do.
We always take a two-pronged approach. First, we will control what we can control, defend our market position, and live within our cash flow. We will size our operations to market demand and take the necessary steps to reduce input costs. Second, we look beyond the cycle, capitalize on market opportunities and continue with our strategic initiatives, which position us for even greater success in the future.
Building on Our Advantages
Strong customer relationships, exceptional service quality and differentiating technologies matter
in every environment. We are proud to work with many of the world’s premiere operators. In addition to holding acreage in the sweet spots
of reservoirs, they leverage technology to achieve the best economics in
their assets and have the financial resources to work through cycles.
We look beyond the cycle, capitalize
on market opportuni- ties and continue with our strategic initiatives, emerging as a stronger com- pany when the mar- ket comes back.
We maintain these relationships by partnering with our customers on solutions tailored to their needs and the prevailing market conditions.
Our leadership in efficient execution reduces non-productive time and lowers the cost per barrel of oil equivalent for our customers. In an industry characterized by large, com- plex shale wells in North America, daunting technical challenges offshore and a growing base of integrated pro- jects on the international stage, we believe that superior execution and best-in-class technologies will allow us to continue outperforming our peers.
    David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 4
Halliburton 2014 Annual Report // GO BIG

 Strong customer relationships, excep- tional service quality and differentiating technologies matter in every environment.
We are particularly well-positioned in the North American shales where we are the clear leader in efficiency and the preferred partner for maxi- mizing the value of customer assets. Our Frac of the FutureTM delivery platform gets the job done with
25 percent less capital deployed
and offers maintenance cost savings of up to 50 percent, while improving completion times by up to 50 percent at sites where it is employed.
The value we have seen from the rollout of our Q10 pumps has truly exceeded our original expectations and created a strong competitive advantage for Halliburton. We continue investing to accelerate the retirement of older, higher-cost fleets as a way to extend our leadership position. Frac of the Future currently represents about 30 percent of our North American fleet, and that number is expected to be closer
to 50 percent by the end of 2015.
Big Future
We look forward to completing our acquisition of Baker Hughes to create a stronger, more diverse company with an unsurpassed depth and breadth of services. We believe this acquisition will accelerate the execution of our key strategies in unconventionals,
deepwater and mature fields, and create a bellwether global oilfield service company.
Further, we believe the transaction will result in a broader, more cost- effective service offering, and provide compelling value for our customers. We remain dedicated to developing the technology portfolio and inno- vations of the combined company, and delivering best-in-class solutions and service quality to our customers.
We are excited about the benefits this transaction will create for stakeholders of both companies who play such a vital role in our success. We believe we will be very well-positioned financially, poised to accelerate growth, deliver outstanding margin improvement
and drive shareholder returns.
We greatly appreciate the contri- butions of our employees and Board of Directors, the confidence our cus- tomers show by looking to us as a partner in solutions, and the patience of our investors through the ups and downs of our industry. Rest assured that we will never lose our focus on delivering best-in-class returns and value for all of our stakeholders.
The long-term fundamentals for our industry remain very strong. Global demand for oil is forecast to increase by approximately 1 million barrels per day in the coming year, and the steep decline curves from aging reservoirs are still at work. Any extended period of under investment resulting from low commodity prices will reduce production, help to restore supply- demand equilibrium, and return the industry to growth. While it is difficult
to predict the timing of the recovery, we know that it will come. In the meantime, we are taking the neces- sary steps to maintain our financial strength through this period while also looking past the cycle at a big future for Halliburton.
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Jeffrey A. Miller
President and Chief Health, Safety and Environment Officer
Mark A. McCollum
Executive Vice President and Chief Integration Officer
Lawrence J. Pope
Executive Vice President of Administration and Chief Human Resources Officer
Robb L. Voyles
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Christian A. Garcia
Senior Vice President, Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer
        5
