WHAT DRIVES US //
To Our Shareholders,
At Halliburton, we believe in setting bold goals that stretch our abilities, drive our growth and reflect the long-term prospects for our business. Over the past three years, we grew our deepwater business at double the market rate, tripled the size of our mature fields business, extended our unconventionals leadership and delivered superior returns relative
to our major competitors.
Halliburton’s success is rooted in a sound strategy executed by an ambitious management team and a dedicated workforce that is never satisfied with the status quo. We are driven to provide execution certainty, deliver on our commitments and find new ways to increase value for customers. Our strategic focus on deepwater, mature fields and unconventionals has served us well, and these high-growth segments will continue to fuel our growth.
Deepwater Shows Robust Activity
Over the past five years, 60 percent of the total volume of all hydrocarbon discoveries were made in deepwater, and licensing activity is at an all-time high. With deepwater activity expanding to all regions of the world, the market is expected to grow 11 percent annually over the next five years.
The development segment is projected to see the strongest growth over the coming five years – 13 percent per year compared to four percent for exploration. This trend will benefit Halliburton, drawing on our number one position in completions, our integration capabilities and our reputation for execution
certainty. By leveraging our infrastructure investments, building on our leadership in deepwater development and introducing technologies that maximize production from customer assets, we believe we can continue to outgrow the deepwater market by 25 percent over the next three years.
Mature Fields Play a Vital Role
On average, fields that are past their peak represent approximately 60 percent of International Oil Company (IOC) asset portfolios, and their production is estimated to be declining by more than eight percent per year. Compared to capital-intensive new development projects, mature fields can generate attractive returns for our customers and represent an important source
of cash flow for them.
Robust demand and a meaningful increase in service intensity has multiplied revenue opportunities for large, integrated
service providers as the market moves from the provision of discrete services to integrated solutions and ultimately to asset management arrangements. Very few service companies have the scale and the service portfolio to compete in this arena, which offers stable, long-term growth with limited capital investment. Our three-year goal is to again triple our mature fields business.
Unconventionals Market Gains Velocity
Over the past few years, the North American market shifted its focus from natural gas to liquids. Full-scale development of major unconventionals resource areas like the Permian Basin is now underway for many of our customers, who are striving to achieve the lowest cost per barrel of oil equivalent to ensure their economic success. We believe Halliburton is ahead of the curve in serving this market by providing the technologies, capabilities and expertise to help our customers meet their objectives in this challenging high velocity environment.
  4
HALLIBURTON // 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Revenue
Operating Income
Net Income
$29.4 Billion
$3.1 Billion
$2.1 Billion
Cash Dividends Per Share
Capital Expenditures
Return on Average Capital Employed
$0.525
$2.9 Billion
11 percent
We have made significant investments to ensure that we have
the correct tools and capabilities to deliver better producing wells, built faster, at lower cost and with reduced risk. With the industry’s most advanced delivery platform, we address both sides of the value equation, offering cost savings through superior efficiency plus advanced technologies and software that reduce uncertainty and improve production. We plan to extend our leadership position in North America and leverage our expertise to capture opportunities in emerging international unconventional markets.
Delivering on Our Commitments
We are pleased with our operational performance in these key markets. However, the ultimate measure of success for our shareholders is how well we deliver on our financial commitments to produce superior growth, margins and returns. During 2013, we grew our revenue to a new record of $29.4 billion. We maintained market leadership in North America and outgrew our primary competitors in international markets, which now represent
48 percent of company revenue. International infrastructure investments have supported our significant growth in these markets and provide us a platform for future revenue and margin growth.
During 2013, we demonstrated our strong commitment to delivering superior shareholder returns and reiterated our continued confidence in the strength of our business outlook. In addition to raising our dividend twice, for a total payout increase of 67 percent over our 2012 quarterly dividend rate, we repurchased approximately $4.4 billion, or 10 percent, of our outstanding common shares.
We have been, and will continue to be, relentlessly focused on delivering best-in-class returns.
Extending the Momentum
Through consistent execution of a proven strategy, we have built a solid foundation on which to generate future growth and the momentum to drive it forward. The established market leader in North America, we continue to expand our global footprint to address emerging growth opportunities in international markets.
We recognize the vital role our stakeholders play in our success. We greatly appreciate the confidence our shareholders and customers continue to show in Halliburton and the exceptional contributions of our board of directors, employees and suppliers. After reading this report and discovering what drives us, we are confident that you will share our optimism and enthusiasm about the road ahead for Halliburton.
  DAVID J. LESAR
Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer
MARK A. McCOLLUM
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
ROBB L. VOYLES
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
JEFFREY A. MILLER
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Health, Safety and Environment Officer
LAWRENCE J. POPE
Executive Vice President
of Administration and Chief Human Resources Officer
TIMOTHY J. PROBERT
Strategic Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer
    5
