 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  Dear Fellow Shareholders
Halliburton was started in 1919 in the oil fields of Texas by one man with a homemade cement mixer and a borrowed pump. Today, we are a world leader in oilfield services, engineering and construction, with over 100,000 employees and operations in more than 100 countries. Throughout the course
of our history, we have experienced great transitions and every kind of business cycle more times than we can count. We have been here this long and come this far because of our ability to adapt to change. That ability has been tested over the past few years, but as I look back on our accomplishments in 2003, I’m extremely proud and optimistic about the future.
We have made significant progress toward resolving our asbestos liability that has consumed so much of our resources. Despite some pretty big challenges, including a sluggish U.S. economy, our Energy Services Group (ESG) and KBR, our Engineering and Construction Group, have both had a successful year, posting significantly improved revenues.
One day, I believe, we will look back on 2003 as a watershed year when we took steps to become a leaner, tougher organization and continued to put ourselves in position to win in the years ahead.
We reorganized the ESG into four P&L divisions addressing four core customer needs. In addition, four new regional and 10 sub-regional organizations have been established, centered around natural geographic markets and aimed at further extending the ESG’s global growth. For the first time, we have broken out the ESG’s financials by divisions and regions to provide greater transparency to the financial community, and this move is being hailed by many analysts as a model for the industry.
In three of the ESG’s divisions – Fluids, Landmark
and Production Optimization – the ESG maintains a leading presence. About 75 percent of its revenues are being generated from product lines where it holds a No. 1 or No. 2 market share. One of our biggest success stories of 2003 has been within the Drilling and Formation Evaluation division with a product that holds the No. 3 position in its market. In last year’s annual report, we introduced you to Geo-Pilot® point-the-bit rotary steerable technology. The product was deployed in 2001, and by 2002, our market share went from 0 percent to 9 percent. During 2003, our market share jumped to 15 percent and is still growing. We have also seen growth in our international revenues across all of our businesses.
There has been solid progress on the engineering, construction and services side of Halliburton’s busi- ness as well. Since KBR made the decision in 2002 to no longer enter into undifferentiated offshore lump-sum, turnkey Engineering, Procurement, Installation and Commissioning (EPIC) contracts, we have continued to rebalance our portfolio
by drawing upon KBR’s Centers of Excellence,
or core business strengths, to grow the services and program management part of the business. The strategy is already yielding significant contract wins, including the Kashagan oilfield development Project Management Contract (PMC) for offshore and onshore Kazakhstan, and the reimbursable Engineering, Procurement and Construction Management (EPCM) contract for a major floating production offloading and storage vessel offshore Angola. KBR was also awarded the Program Management Contract to restructure and modernize the U.K. National Health Service’s information technology systems.
 2

    Most of the major international oil companies have targeted clean-burning natural gas as a key area of their growth strategies. KBR continues to hold a leading market position in constructing plants for Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG), and is responsible for building 56 percent of the world’s LNG capacity over the last 30 years. As worldwide demand for LNG continues to increase, more than doubling current levels by 2010, KBR will be right there, developing new technology, building on its know-how and delivering the projects that customers need.
KBR also has much to be proud of for the work
it is doing in support of various military troops in locations across the globe. KBR was recently awarded a contract by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to support military operations, federal agencies and governments throughout the U.S. Central Command’s 25-country region that extends from the Horn of Africa to Central Asia.
As part of its competitively bid Logistics Civil Augmentation Program III (LOGCAP III) contract with the U.S. Army, KBR employees are providing
the logistical support and infrastructure for Army bases in Iraq, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Kuwait, Djibouti, Jordan, the Republic of Georgia and Turkey. KBR provides everything from food, beds and mail service to laundry, sanitation and utilities. Under a separate contract for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers known as Restore Iraqi Oil (RIO), KBR, with assistance from ESG reservoir and data management experts, has restored the country’s
oil production to pre-war levels, working with the Iraqi Ministry of Oil.
The work in southern Iraq was competitively
bid and a new contract has been awarded for two years, with three one-year optional extensions.
We will provide a range of services and support – from extinguishing oil well fires and providing environmental assessments and cleanup at oil sites, to supplying design and construction of infrastructure and technical assistance, as well as consulting
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Halliburton
 3

  services to the Iraqi oil companies – that will help Iraq build a sustainable future for its people. We’re assisting Iraqis in their daily lives, too, by importing and delivering massive amounts of fuel for driving, cooking and heating.
These are tough, demanding assignments in a dangerous region. Just 72 hours after the first troops entered Iraq, KBR followed with water and meals. Our people have been under fire and some have lost their lives. To all of the brave men and women who put their lives on the line to get the job done, I give my thanks and sincerest admiration.
What it takes to be successful in the 21st century is different than it was even a decade ago. The continuing consolidation of the super majors, the growing power of the national oil companies, cost- cutting issues and globalization are challenges that all of us face. We are no longer accountable only to local or national interests; we are a citizen of the world.
That’s not a new concept for Halliburton. Throughout our 84-year history, we have contributed to the economic development of communities around the planet by assisting in delivering oil and gas revenues to host governments; building roads, tracks, tunnels and bridges for moving freight; and providing local employment and trade. Our commitment to real time technology has created
a new way of working that allows us to maximize limited resources – whether it’s hydrocarbon resources or human ones.
Our commitment to Service Quality, along with Health, Safety and Environment (HSE), is elimi- nating health, safety and environmental incidents
at the job site, as well as the waste of precious resources and capital. The technologies we’ve devel- oped are helping customers develop their assets in less time for lower costs and with fewer risks. We’re participating with many of our customers and host governments to create global solutions to energy
problems. Recently, we posted a representative to a two-year assignment with the World Bank to work on the Global Gas Flaring Reduction team and to help it develop alternatives for harmful gas flaring practices, encouraging the use of saved gas as a cheap and clean fuel for local communities.
Since the earliest times, a long and prosperous future has been the hope of almost everyone on this planet. The secret of longevity is one of humankind’s greatest quests. Building a Sustainable Future is a process that requires everyone in the organization working together to improve efficiencies. It requires our will and the courage to adapt to an ever-changing and challenging future by understanding and responding to the needs of customers in diverse markets; by identifying and exploiting opportunities without succumbing to market volatility and risk;
by committing to continuous innovation; and by understanding that a company thrives not just by capturing markets, but by developing its people.
I couldn’t end this message without a big thank you to our shareholders who have stayed with us and continue to believe in our Company. And most of all I want to thank our wonderful Halliburton employees. In a year of transitions, and in the face of some pretty big challenges, you have kept your heads down, worked hard and performed magnifi- cently, providing excellent customer service, strong returns and good profits. You never, ever gave up. This, more than anything, is what gives me hope for our future. Just imagine what we can accomplish together once our full power is unleashed. I am proud to work alongside you.
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Halliburton
  4
