REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS FISCAL YEAR 2013

REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS FISCAL YEAR 2013

Chairman's Letter

Dinesh C. Paliwal Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Market-leading innovation remains a sharp focus at HARMAN, underscored by the addition of over 500 new patents and patent applications, and over 40 industry awards during the year for design, quality, and technology advancement.
To Our Shareholders:
Fiscal Year 2013 was a period of continued innovation, relentless execution and strategic growth at HARMAN. Despite a tough economic environment in Europe and China, we increased Earnings Per Share by 5% to $3.07, excluding restructuring and non-recurring items. We expanded our patent portfolio with over 500 new patents and applications and secured new multi-year automotive infotainment and branded audio awards, taking our order backlog to $19 billion. We completed several bolt-on technology-led acquisitions and launched major infotainment platforms for BMW, Mercedes Benz, Audi, Ferrari, Harley Davidson, Chrysler and Toyota. We improved profitability, and grew our home and multimedia business by 23%. We also expanded our professional audio division with the acquisition of the world's leading professional lighting company, Martin, in Denmark. Net sales in Fiscal Year 2013 were $4.3 billion, down two percent from the prior year due primarily to continued weakness in the European automotive market and China. Fourth quarter sales increased in all three divisions, and the Company continued to gain market share. Operating income before restructuring and non-recurring charges was $290 million, down six percent from the prior year. Our cash and short-term investments balance stood at $464 million at year end and our strong balance sheet gives us the flexibility to continue our aggressive innovation programs and to pursue other strategic opportunities for growth. In response to ongoing market challenges in Europe, we completed several restructuring initiatives during the year which we expect to yield about $35 million in permanent annual savings in fiscal 2014 and beyond. As the year began, we announced the completion of the first of several acquisitions--adding Interchain Solution, a pioneer in Android-based infotainment and telematics offerings, to the HARMAN portfolio. We also announced the establishment of a new software engineering center for connected car technologies in the US. Our Aha Radio streaming audio service launched in Honda vehicles, the first of nearly a dozen automakers to adopt the innovative HARMAN platform. In September 2012, Standard & Poors Ratings Services upgraded HARMAN's credit rating to Investment Grade--citing improved margins and risk profile. Moody's Investor Services soon followed suit. Concurrently, we finalized a new revolving credit facility and new term loan that provided the Company with more than $1 billion in liquidity. We used the proceeds from the term loan, plus cash on hand, to repay KKR $400 million in outstanding convertible senior notes. In order to leverage the value of our large installed base of automotive systems, we launched an aftermarket Infotainment Services business during the year.

We expect this to create a new revenue stream with significantly higher margins that is less dependent on automotive market introduction cycles. The HARMAN services offered will include upgrades to installed systems based on our deep knowledge of each vehicle's design, cloud-based services to expand end-user connectivity, and customer relationship management (CRM) services for automakers based on aggregated data from our installed systems. Market-leading innovation remains a sharp focus at HARMAN, underscored by the receipt of some 40 industry awards during the year from prestigious organizations including Red Dot and iF Design Award (Germany), CES (United States), EISA (Europe), and Red Star Awards (China). Several of these were awarded to new HARMAN products even before their public launch, adding momentum to our aggressive marketing efforts ahead of the important holiday shopping season. Including the new patents filed during the year, we now have nearly 5,000 patents awarded or pending. We also launched new initiatives during the year to protect, prioritize, and monetize these intellectual property assets. In December, we announced the acquisition of Martin Professional Lighting--a market-leading provider of lighting solutions for the entertainment, architectural, and commercial sectors. Martin's intelligent lighting solutions have long been favored for touring, events, theatre and commercial installations, and have since become a natural complement to HARMAN's professional audio business. We also acquired iOnRoad, a leading provider of automotive safety system technologies, later in the fiscal year. We kicked off calendar year 2013 at several key global trade exhibitions, including the popular Consumer Electronics Show (CES) where we premiered both an entry-level infotainment solution based on connected radio technology and a new premium infotainment concept featuring such advancements as interactive head-up displays, augmented navigation, touch-free gesture controls, and connectivity enhancements including 4G LTE high-speed networking and in-car Wi-Fi for communication with individual passenger devices.

Also at CES, we introduced HARMAN QuantumLogicTM 3D--a revolutionary new surround sound technology that identifies and distributes multiple audio streams to create an unmatched three-dimensional audio experience. A demonstration vehicle with 25 speakers and more than 2000 watts of power brought rave reviews from visitors and journalists, who cited HARMAN's systems integration capabilities and recording industry roots as unique among the industry. HARMAN innovation continued at the Geneva Motor Show in March, where we partnered with BMW to showcase the automaker's ConnectedDriveTM experience. The new platform combines wireless connectivity, enhanced 3D navigation, real-time location services and productivity applications that transform the car into a safe and intuitive mobile office. Three BMW models also premiered in Geneva with premium Harman/Kardon branded audio, and the automaker's MINI brand showed off its new MINI Clubman Bond Street Edition equipped with a high-performance Harman/Kardon system befitting the character of the classic car. Rounding out the Geneva Motor Show, we celebrated the European launch of the award-winning Uconnect infotainment system developed by HARMAN for Chrysler and Fiat vehicles. The system was named "2012 Technology of the Year" by AOL Autos. Underscoring HARMAN's scalable approach to infotainment, we also unveiled a new and improved Touch&Go multimedia platform for Toyota vehicles in Europe. At the core of these achievements is HARMAN's robust talent pool. We are continually working to attract a diverse workforce by communicating our vision across varied organizations and events, and our managers are measured on the success of this outreach. We are developing new and existing talent through leadership communications, networking, and diversity-focused training. And we are committed to retaining high-quality employees by creating an environment of talent recognition, celebrations and awards that embraces our multi-faceted employee population.

We also strengthened the HARMAN leadership both at the management and at the Board level. After a great career of 16 years with Pepsi and Samsung, Ralph Santana joined HARMAN as our Chief Marketing Officer. We also added three seasoned professionals to our board of directors. Frank Sklarsky, currently Executive Vice President and CFO at PPG Industries, joined us as the fiscal year began. John Diercksen, former Executive Vice President at Verizon, and Adriane Brown, President and Chief Operating Officer of Intellectual Ventures, were both appointed to our Board in June 2013. As the fiscal year drew to a close, we announced that HARMAN would double its annual dividend for the second time in two years, raising it to $1.20. We also announced approval of a share buyback program of up to $200 million, complementing a similar repurchase authorized by the Board in October 2011. We believe these programs will deliver excellent value to our shareholders. To further demonstrate our confidence in continuous progress, we provided guidance to the market for the Fiscal Year 2014. Our sales are expected to grow by 9% to $4,700 million and our EPS to grow by 25% to $3.85. I am very grateful to our investors, employees and customers for their continued support during the year, and our entire team remains committed to delivering value. We recognize the remaining challenges of a global economy still in transition, but we believe that HARMAN is well positioned not only to face these challenges but to build upon our multi-year track record of solid operational improvement. We look forward to your continued support as we unlock new opportunities in Fiscal Year 2014 and beyond.

CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS

400 Atlantic Street Stamford, CT 06901 203-328-3500

To view the full 10-K report visit www.harman.com.

