message from The Executive Chairman
 We think of Infotainment as the art of reducing a set of complex functions to a single, integrated, transparent, and simple solution.We are doing just that in the automotive world today.We will do it soon in the consumer world, and we call it Harman Infotainment.
The cover of this report is intended to suggest the continuing transformation of our company. Transformation, not for the sake of transformation, but rather as a creative, dynamic response to changing technology and the changing character of the industries we serve.
No company can hope to grow and prosper if it treats the dictum that one must stick to his knitting as an absolute invariable. The knitting must change to accommodate significant alterations in markets and science – and as it changes, the company must pay continuous attention to that new, transformed knitting.
In our case, the transformation is from the analog to the digital world, and from products that provide the highest quality musical reproduction to multi- functional Infotainment systems. We think of Infotainment as the art of reducing a set of complex functions to a single, integrated, transparent, and simple solution. We are doing just that in the automotive world today. We will do it soon in the consumer world, and we call it Harman Infotainment.
That complex of functions includes high-quality audio and video reproduction, voice-activated
telephone, climate control, navigation, diagnostics, and Internet access. We have become the leading designer and manufacturer of such systems, even as a majority of the automakers have been our customers for branded high-quality audio systems over the years.
Of the many functions that comprise Infotainment systems, the most familiar today are telephone and navigation. It is possible to provide these functions using traditional analog technology by packaging separate systems in a reasonably manageable form. Such a traditional approach is essentially a patchwork that generates more cost, wiring, and weight, plus additional uncertainty about reliability and the feasibility of future upgrades. For the typical auto buyer, however, there is little visible difference between our digital systems and those assemblies of separate functional systems that now appear in some other cars. For the most part, the distinctions remain fairly subtle.
For example, an alternative to the Harman Infotainment approach uses the radio as a multi- function box with several inputs. That eliminates the optical BUS, which is the fundamental of our “MOST” architecture, and it is relatively
  3

     The exacting standards of the Bavarian Motor Works are legendary. So when their engineers were searching for a partner to integrate advanced digital systems into their entire line of cars, they turned to a company with an equally storied history of innovation – Harman International. For over 50 years, the companies of Harman International have been developing the industry’s most advanced new technology. From the world’s first factory-installed car stereo that brought hi-fi to the highway in 1948, to groundbreaking Harman Infotainment systems that bring up-to-the-second information and cutting-edge entertainment to your car in 2003.You can see the results of our most recent work in the remarkably intuitive on-board computer system of the BMW 5 Series.Harman engineering,combined with industry-standard MOST technology,integrates the audio
 ©2003 Harman International Industries, Incorporated
THE BMW 5 SERIES. NOW, MORE ULTIMATE.

                     Parent of the great Harman Kardon, Infinity, JBL, Becker, Lexicon and Mark Levinson brands.
      and navigation systems into one simple yet sophisticated interface – allowing you to access the complete range of in-vehicle services quickly and easily. Additionally, our voice-activated control system lets you manage all of these systems and talk on a cell phone hands-free. And it all works side-by-side with one of the world’s most breathtaking audio systems. A custom version of our Harman Kardon LOGIC 7 system that features 13 high-fidelity loudspeakers, Digital Dynamic Volume Control and multi-channel surround sound for a uniquely rich, enveloping musical experience. So, with help from Harman Infotainment, the new BMW 5 Series is the ultimate driving, calling, heating, cooling, navigating and listening-to-incredible- musicmachine.Toseewhatkindofsuperlativeswecanaddtoyourcar,visitharman.com/infotainment.

 We believe that the day will come when it is clear that any approach other than the one we follow will not make it. At that time, every automaker will need what Harman provides.
straightforward. On the other hand, it is very difficult to move beyond the first simple combination. And as additional functions become necessary or desirable, the limitations of such a system become obvious. It requires complex wiring harnesses. It adds substantial weight and hardware mass. It is slower and less efficient. In the language of the engineers, the more bandwidth required, the more necessary is a digitally integrated system.
I have spoken recently of Harman’s “secret”. The so-called secret is what happens going forward, because as the number of truly useful functions in the car multiplies, and as infotainment and audio systems are combined, we believe that there is no way to get the job done effectively except through a software- centered, digitally-integrated system such as the Harman Infotainment System. Where the patchwork systems approach necessitates more and more boxes, the Harman approach promises the next generation of integration, and incorporates or subsumes the additional functions within the core structure of our Infotainment system.
Consider that relatively soon, today’s music, navigation/hands-free telephone assemblies will yield to inter-operable systems that couple those services with such additional functions as cabin quieting,
climate control, video entertainment, automatic diagnostics, concierge services, Internet access, and enormously improved navigation – all accessible through an intuitive, multi-modal interface. You will begin with a knob and continue to exercise control through a highly responsive voice-activated system. One can think of it as dialog between the driver and the car.
With an operating platform optimized for the particular vehicle and with beautifully structured automotive software, it is now possible to provide powerful, multi-function, multi-user communications in real time, where each function enhances the effectiveness of the others. That is both the secret and the beauty of Harman Infotainment.
We believe that the day will come when it is clear that any approach other than the one we follow will not make it. At that time, every automaker will need what Harman provides. It is, of course, likely that some automakers will look to another source – a different source – but that is the time when our experience and our enormous head start should pay us very large dividends.
I have presented the centrality of our business and the key to our future up front in this report because it
  6

 would otherwise be difficult to understand how Harman International fits in the current landscape and, perhaps, difficult to appreciate the substantial competitive advantage we have developed over the last number of years. As of this writing, there are more than one million vehicles on the road with one form of Harman Infotainment System or another. Because there is an enormous difference between an academic exercise conducted in an engineering laboratory and the real time, real circumstance represented by those many vehicles on the road – that difference provides us with a multi-year advantage we intend to take full advantage of.
We have completed a historic year at Harman. In last year’s report, I spoke of fiscal 2003 as a transition year – a transforming year for our company. That it has proved to be. We set new records in sales and earnings. Sales for the year totaled $2.2 billion and earnings reached $3.10 per share. We added new clients and new platforms within old clients. We placed an additional 300,000 Harman Infotainment vehicles on the road. We saw our stock price at record levels, and we added significantly to our engineering resources through a series of strategic acquisitions. Our technologies are impressive. They now include speech engines, “MOST” fiber optic networks, hands-free microphones, multi-channel audio signal processing, operating systems, memory-based navigation, digital video, integrated telephone modules, man-machine interface devices, rear seat entertainment, DVD, state-of-the-art acoustics, and embedded real-time parallel processing.
In no small part, our success in fiscal 2003 and our anticipation that we will have a strong fiscal 2004 is the consequence of work we have done in the last several years on both the Professional and Consumer sides of our business. We think of our Professional business as a steady-as-you-go enterprise. It is less positively affected by vigorous economic times than are some other businesses, and it is less negatively affected in poor economic climates. It is a solid business, in which we have sought to establish ourselves as the “turnkey manufacturer” providing every consequential aspect of the hardware and, increasingly, of the software systems that control it. In that sense, we are moving toward creating a Harman Infotainment expression in the Professional sound business. Providing maximum control of the audio in a theatre or stadium, and doing it through graceful software architecture is becoming our Professional hallmark. We intend to continue along that path in the years ahead.
It is widely recognized that consumer electronics is a difficult business. We have felt it wise to retain an active role in that world because the combination of our engineering and our internationally recognized brands has helped to fuel and inform our rapidly developing OEM business. Even as the consumer electronics marketplace has experienced very difficult times over the last number of years, we have worked hard and effectively to reduce the scale of our engagement while maintaining both a world class reputation and operating margins that permit us to separate ourselves from the many companies that lose
 7

     A new era of tranquility is spreading across the world in family cars like the Lexus LX thanks to the road-tested,fully integrated rear-seat DVD players being created by the companies of Harman International. Designed to provide pristine digital quality and to stand up to the rigors of any family road trip, they’re the latest in a long line of innovations from the company that developed the first factory-installed car radios over 50 years ago. And they’re an integral part of an entirely new category of in-vehicle technology called Harman Infotainment. It’s the seamless integration of Internet, satellite, cellular and GPS information systems coupled with Harman high-fidelity entertainment systems. So when the kids are happily occupied in the backseat, parents can take advantage of the Harman Infotainment technology in the front seats.
 ©2003 Harman International Industries, Incorporated.Teletubbies: ®,TM,© Ragdoll Ltd. Screen image simulated. DVD logo is a trademark of DVD Format/Logo Licensing Corporation.
HARMAN INFOTAINMENT. SPREADING WORLD PEACE ONE BACKSEAT AT A TIME.

                     Parent of the great Harman Kardon, Infinity, JBL, Becker, Lexicon and Mark Levinson brands.
      Like our intuitive new On Line Pro GPS Navigation System that analyzes real-time traffic conditions and immediately suggests alternate routes when appropriate. (So you can avoid traffic jams before you ever see them.) And our voice-activated control systems that allow you to talk on mobile phones and even operate navigation and audio systems by voice without ever taking your eyes off the road. Or your hands off the wheel. And it all works side-by-side with our industry-leading audio systems. Like the LOGIC 7 system that uses advanced DSP (Digital Signal Processing) to create an incredibly lush and enveloping surround sound experience right in your car. To see how we can bring a little peace, quiet and digital satellite technology to your next road trip, visit harman.com/infotainment.

  Bernard Girod
Vice Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Gregory Stapleton
President
and
Chief Operating Officer
Sidney Harman
Executive Chairman
Frank Meredith
Executive
Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
Erich Geiger
Chief Technology Officer
and
Chairman Harman/Becker
Talking of transformation, you will note that our long term “corporate jazz quartet” is now a quintet. Dr. Erich Geiger has headed our worldwide automotive OEM business since 1996. He has encouraged and facilitated the promotion of Harald Brunini to that role, and with Harald now in place and in charge as President of our OEM operations, Erich has joined the corporate quintet as Harman International’s Chief Technology Officer and as Chairman of Harman/Becker.
 10

 The good news is that our work in Harman Infotainment carries substantial opportunity and promise for the development of self-contained, fully integrated...highly sophisticated but easy-to-use consumer audio and video systems.
large amounts of money each year. The good news is that our work in Harman Infotainment carries substantial opportunity and promise for the development of self-contained, fully integrated, highly sophisticated but easy-to-use consumer audio and video systems. It is our wish and our purpose to bring such products to market over the upcoming years.
Finally, as I write about this company’s willingness and ability to transform itself, I realize that history is full of examples of companies that failed to act and, as a consequence, disappeared. This year, we are celebrating the founding of our company in 1953. Half a century is a long time in American industry; it represents almost one-quarter of the entire life of the United States of America, and we are still here. Harman International today is “the Infotainment Company.” It incorporates the original Harman/Kardon as one of its units, and the Harman/Kardon name continues to carry great meaning and great brand value, but Harman/Kardon and Harman International are very different from what they were fifty, twenty, or even five years ago. Then, as now, the company valued integrity, honesty, ethical conduct, creativeness, industrial design, and quality above all. The development of its people was
viewed then as a consequential way to ensure serious and growing returns to the shareholders. It still is. Today we think of our shareholders, employees, customers, and suppliers as stakeholders in Harman International, and we are committed to the view that a healthy, honest, and responsible company serves them all.
We enter the new fiscal year with high confidence that despite very uncertain worldwide economies, we will again reach new levels in both sales and earnings.
Sincerely,
Sidney Harman
Executive Chairman
   11

      For over 50 years, the companies of Harman International have been developing the industry’s most advanced electronics systems. From the very first factory-installed car stereo in 1948 to the latest digital systems in 2003. Our latest undertaking is the seamless integration of in-vehicle information systems with Harman high-fidelity entertainment systems to create an entirely new category. It’s called Harman Infotainment. And you can experience it today in sophisticated new Mercedes-Benz automobiles. Our remarkably intuitive new COMAND DVD GPS Navigation System with map and symbol display options makes it incredibly easy to get directions, stay on course and arrive safely at your final destination. Our voice-activated control systems allow you
 ©2003 Harman International Industries, Incorporated. DVD logo is a trademark of DVD Format/Logo Licensing Corporation.
HARMAN INFOTAINMENT. YOU DRIVE.
WE’LL NAVIGATE, HANDLE YOUR CALLS AND KEEP YOU ENTERTAINED.
 
                          Parent of the great Harman Kardon, Infinity, JBL, Becker, Lexicon and Mark Levinson brands.
 to talk on a cell phone and operate the navigation and audio systems by voice.Without ever taking your eyes off the road.Or your hands off the wheel.Our fully integrated DVD entertainment systems are travel-tested to stand up to any road trip. And they all work side-by-side with our legendary car audio systems. Including the revolutionary Harman Kardon LOGIC 7 system that features up to 12 strategically placed high-fidelity loudspeakers, Digital Dynamic Volume Control to counteract wind and road noise and multi-channel surround sound technology for a uniquely rich, enveloping musical experience.To learn more about what we can do for your car, just visit harman.com/infotainment.We’ll take it from there.

message from The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer
 We are in the business of integrating complex functions into a single, simple solution. We call our new products “Infotainment Systems” because they provide both information and entertainment.
The Company achieved excellent results in 2003. Sales reached $2.2 billion, an increase of 22 percent over prior year sales of $1.8 billion. Earnings were $3.10 per share, an increase of $1.40 per share or 82 percent above the prior year’s earnings. We are gratified to have exceeded our long-stated earnings target of $3.00 a share. In doing so we overcame the impact of negative events such as SARS, dock strikes, the bankruptcies of some retail accounts, and necessary internal restructurings. And our results are net of the 11¢ cost per share of expensing stock options, a decision reached after the fiscal year had begun. In a year when most consumer electronic product companies faltered, we achieved record results.
Our continuing efforts to reduce working capital and improve cash flow also paid off. Our cash and cash equivalents balance was $148 million at year end, an increase of $32 million. Working capital, net of cash, represented 15.2 percent of sales; it was 18.1 percent last year. We are rapidly approaching our long-term goal of 15 percent of sales in working capital. That goal was established only two years ago. We have further opportunities to reduce working capital and have lowered the long-term target to 12 percent of sales.
Capital expenditures were under good control. Against a budget of $130 million, we spent $115 million, representing five percent of sales. The bulk of the expenditures was to provide capacity for our high-growth automotive OEM activities and to achieve productivity gains across the company. We negotiated a new and attractive revolving credit bank facility, and we generated a quarter billion dollars in cash flow from operations.
Our OEM business performed splendidly. After the successful launch of the Harman Infotainment System in the BMW 7 Series in fiscal 2001, we produced new, comprehensive Infotainment Systems for the Mercedes-Benz E class, the Audi 8 and the Porsche Cayenne.
And we received important new OEM contracts. Buick will introduce a Harman/Kardon premium sound system in fiscal 2005. It will be our first offering in the General Motors range. The Mercury division of Ford Motor Company will introduce its first Infinity premium sound system in fiscal 2006.
Our consumer companies continued to make progress. The program to improve international operations was fully implemented. All remote warehouses were
  14

 consolidated into one modern facility in Holland. Structural costs were reduced substantially while new products with improved margins were introduced.
The Harman Specialty Group had a difficult year as it struggled with adverse markets and unacceptable product problems. We have consolidated Mark Levinson and Lexicon operations in our Bedford, Massachusetts facility, and have substantially increased the Group’s development and engineering resources. New state of the art products will appear this fall as we commit ourselves to a dynamic future for Mark Levinson and Lexicon.
The Professional Group had a good year. JBL’s new Vertec systems provide critical sound reinforcement in such major venues as the magnificent new Walt Disney Concert Hall (see page 2 and the back cover of this report). AKG continued its progress in wireless applications, and its OEM division received new contracts for telephone capsules from top cellular manufacturers.
Fiscal 2004 presents itself attractively. It begins with first shipments of Harman Infotainment Systems for the acclaimed new BMW 5 Series. It will continue with new systems for the Mercedes-Benz C Class and the Audi 6. And in the U.S., we will launch our first Harman Infotainment System in the new Dodge Ram truck.
The Company’s engineering was strengthened with the acquisition of two small but invaluable software firms. Wavemakers, based in Vancouver, provides important skills and intellectual property in the area of speech recognition. Its patented “Windblocker” and “Wavebeam” technologies enable the user to give clear voice commands in a car even when the convertible top is down. Combined with Temic speech engines and AKG microphones, Wavemakers technology will provide the most advanced speech processing and voice recognition activitation in an automobile. Margi Systems in Fremont, California adds important engineering resources in video streaming and wireless video transmission. These capabilities add significantly to our growing video competence in the car and at home.
The direction of the Company is clear. We are in the business of integrating complex functions into a single, simple solution. We call our new products “Harman Infotainment Systems” because they provide both information and entertainment. The direction is clear and our resolve is firm.
Sincerely,
Bernard Girod
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Gregory Stapleton
President and
Chief Operating Officer
   15
