Eric Clapton at The Royal Albert Hall, London May 8th, 2004
Message from The Executive Chairman
Past, Present and Future
  Fiscal 2004 was an excellent year. Our Company achieved new records in sales and earnings, and we completed the year with an exemplary balance sheet. Sales rose 22 percent above the prior year and earnings per share increased a robust 46 percent. The year-end balance sheet displayed enormous progress with cash at $378 million and inventory levels lower than at the start of the year despite increased sales. We experienced a record 6.2 turns of inventory during the year. Bernie Girod and Frank Meredith review the year’s financials in greater detail later in this report.
During the year we received two major awards from Chrysler for new fully functional Navigation/ Infotainment Systems. The awards represent a break- through in our efforts to establish Harman as “the Infotainment source” in North America—even as we have achieved that role in Europe. One or another of our two new Chrysler-centric systems is expected to be used across the range of Chrysler vehicles. Beginning in Fiscal 2007 applications should grow to serve virtually every Chrysler platform. It was a significant event for us this past year.
If, as I wrote last year, Fiscal 2003 was a year of transformation, Fiscal 2004 declared the true arrival of Harman International. Our Consumer and Professional groups grew stronger as the year developed. Each begins Fiscal 2005 with strong expectations that the year will show significant growth in earnings and in stature.
The OEM automotive systems business is our keystone and, clearly, the basis for our continuing success. Originally, the business was centered in top quality audio systems for the automakers. Now, the center of our involvement is the ubiquitous Harman Infotainment System. We nourished our consumer and professional businesses over the years because they helped to fuel the OEM business by generating awareness and respect for our brands. Now we identify bright future prospects in each.
Our Professional Group is very much on the way. Sales are growing in all significant product and geographic areas. We have developed a fully rationalized and integrated organization, and with our HiQNet, all Harman professional brands can communicate and operate together seamlessly.
Our consumer home business is one of the few operat- ing profitably in the consumer electronics space, and we are actively migrating the substantial know-how and intellectual property we have developed in our automotive business to it.
We claim a special role in the automotive OEM world. That role arises out of three multi-layered and mutually interdependent factors. The first is perspective. Many speak the vocabulary of integration, but most really
Now, the center of our involvement is the ubiquitous Harman Infotainment System.
 3

 
 The latest Maybach ‘super-luxury sedans’ get the super-technology they deserve. At the heart of
the Maybach is a Cockpit Management and Data system (COMAND) developed by Harman/Becker. The COMAND includes full map DVD Navigation with seamless operation of integrated telephone and dual zone Infotainment systems.
Our comprehensive voice activation control system (including Navigation input) keeps the driver of this $367,000 luxury vehicle free of distraction.
  
 think of it as an assembly of complete, fully delineated functionalities. We regard such thinking as analog in the sense that it promotes a patchwork of boxes, each box representing a fully-formed function. Such an approach is costly and self-limiting. Our approach to integration is digital, and the consequence is a seam- less system of greater efficiency and significantly reduced cost. One might argue that “if that’s all there is to it, nothing prevents others from achieving it.” Nothing perhaps but history, tradition, organization, convention and practice. We observe such orthodox thinking and practice in competitor firms as they present themselves during technical panels. We observe it and we caution ourselves.
We note, too, that PC makers eye our market eagerly— and, so far, unsuccessfully. In contrast to the traditional computer, the software framework of our system is designed so that each sub module carries its own pro- cessing. Each module takes the input it requires from the bus and delivers its output back to the bus. It processes its task in real time on its own small, self-contained processor. As a result, in our systems one can enjoy telephone conversations, movies, navigation and radio—all going on simultaneously and without delay. And we have developed a new electrical bus system called MOST which is ideal for hybrid cars. Even as we are very much into the third generation of this advanced technology, most others are struggling to find a foothold in the first.
Assume for the moment that the mindset driving our Company is adopted by others. Then it becomes essential
that the adopting company possess those requisite core competencies to be integrated. It is the second of the three multi-layered factors. For example, a company must possess serious voice-recognition and control technology. We have it in our Temic and Wavemakers units. We see no equivalent competency elsewhere. Indeed, many of our competitors are customers of our Temic, Margi, CAA and Wavemakers subsidiaries. Further, through an August 2004 technical agreement with QNX Software Systems, we can now develop scalable automotive software suites. They, in turn, promise an advanced platform which will eliminate costly and difficult abstraction and interface layers.
Beyond developing or acquiring such critical resources, it is our responsibility to encourage the leaders in each to adopt the Harman mindset. That does not come automatically, but success in achieving it across the board is central to our progress.
Finally, the third factor: we have over two million vehicles on the road which are active expressions of our technology and our experience. We pay great attention to the feedback available from those “laboratories on wheels,” and that feedback continually influences our thinking and actions. There is no substitute for those two million plus vehicles.
Because the third generation of our technology carries profound implications for efficiency and cost, we have developed a new business plan which moves us five years beyond our present plan. Fiscal Year 2005 is the middle year in the current plan which ends in Fiscal
 6

 Rock in
Introducing On Stage.t The dynamic bass and clear, accurate sound you expect from JBL comes home in a compact sound system designed specifically for the iPod.r Plug your iPod into On Stage’s power dock and charge the battery while experiencing your favorite music in legendary JBL sound. For more information, visit your nearest Apple Store or jbl.com/OnStage.
r
©2004 Harman International Industries, Incorporated. JBL is a registered trademark of Harman International Industries, Incorporated. All rights reserved. iPod is a registered trademark of Apple Computer, Inc. The trademark ON STAGE is used with permission of OSA International, Inc.
                      7

  Rock out
  Introducing OnTour.t Slide open OnTour’s protective cover and let the music follow wherever you roam. Delivering the astonishing bass and crisp, full sound you expect from JBL in one lightweight, battery- powered, pocket-sized package, it’s the perfect traveling companion for your iPodr or other MP3 player. For more information, visit jbl.com/OnTour.
r
©2004 Harman International Industries, Incorporated. JBL is a registered trademark, and On Tour is a trademark, of Harman International Industries, Incorporated. All rights reserved. iPod is a registered trademark of Apple Computer, Inc.
                8

 2007. Our new plan runs from Fiscal 2008 through 2012. It reflects an intensive examination of our industry and our role in it. It is no academic, business school exercise. We recognize that a number of powerful influences will shape that five-year period and we are determined to give expression to them. For example, in Fiscal 2008 through 2012, we will see a major new Asian marketplace. The demand for automobiles in Asia—in China and India—can be enormously rewarding, but there are special requirements. The technical protocols necessary to serve those markets are substantially different from those in Europe and the United States, and we are developing them. Similarly, we know that as the balance in markets changes, the hierarchy of automotive clients will shift. Those shifts will be an important factor in the new five- year period. The plan anticipates and reflects them.
Most important, the advancing technology will be an enormous influence. We are certain that our third and, ultimately, our fourth generation will provide superior levels of functionality, efficiency, speed and ease of use. New levels of voice activation, for exam- ple, will permit control and ease of communication beyond the best any of us has observed and at signif- icant reductions in cost. We are confident that our technology leadership will promote applications of Harman Infotainment Systems across numbers of new platforms in the years 2008 through 2012.
We have already learned a great deal from this impor- tant exercise, and we have in hand a good percentage of
We have over two million vehicles on the road which are active expressions of our technology and our experience.
the business we now forecast for the years 2005 through 2012. At a time when most companies have difficulty looking one year ahead, we are projecting our automotive OEM business a full eight years ahead.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
As I have been writing this report about our markets, our technology and our future, I have thought care- fully about the current business environment. Many gatherings across the country today are devoted to analysis and evaluation of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation and the New York Stock Exchange and SEC regulations. All have arisen out of a conviction that business must be monitored and held accountable for the way in which it behaves. I do not diminish the value of the legislation or the regulations, but I am convinced that one cannot teach and cannot, there- fore, prescribe, legislate or regulate morality. Set up rational requirements and the vast majority of business people will respect them. We do. We cross every “T” and we dot every “I.” Indeed, I can identify positive results which we have experienced as the result of the legislation and its derivative regulations. But I argue that the scoundrels who generated the problems and the legislation will find ways to circumvent or skill- fully corrupt or elide the regulations. When they do, we will get more legislation and more regulation, but the problems will not go away.
 9

  10
 American Idol Finale at Kodak Theatre, Hollywood May 26th, 2004
Set up rational requirements and the vast majority of business people will respect them.
I often hear high-level executives proclaim, “We run an honorable, honest company, but we are large with many, many employees. A few bad apples, remote from the headquarters office, can destroy our reputation and everything we have built. We cannot be everywhere!”
I disagree. One cannot be everywhere—literally—but by creating and proselytizing an ethical point of view everywhere, management can communicate a principled perspective and therefore, in effect, be everywhere. I offer two examples from recent Harman International history.
Three years ago, a woman who had for twenty-seven years worked on the production line in one of our factories, was savagely murdered by her former husband as she left work. Most companies would have responded to such an outrage by expressing profound regret to the family and would, perhaps, create a memorial fund to honor the victim. We responded by recognizing that the assault was much more than an isolated incident. It expressed a little known dark side of our society. In their lifetimes, at least one-third of the American female population has suffered some form of domestic violence. We initiated a company- wide, comprehensive anti-domestic violence pro- gram which provides security, psychological support, mentoring and defense training for our employees. As a result, an astonishing number of people have
 
 
 revealed their circumstances for the first time, and word has spread throughout the Company: “This Company cares! This Company is everywhere!”
Some years ago we established a program we call Senior Executive Service. It requires our senior man- agers to work a minimum number of days on a pro- duction line in the Company. Typically, the manager arrives for the 6:15 a.m. shift and works the entire shift. This is no photo opportunity. Recognition that it is a serious effort by the manager results in a very special relationship with the employees. Managers get
closer to understanding the role and lives of the workers. The workers invariably enjoy the opportu- nity, indeed the necessity, to teach managers how to do their jobs. You know that creates a relationship of mutual respect.
These and other programs of the Company work to generate a teacher/partner environment, very different from one in which management operates as sheriff. By promoting a pervasive point of view—by engaging everyone in the program, rather than just applying rules and penalties, management is, in effect, everywhere.
  As our corporate quintet has evolved over the years, the group has worked together in genuine harmony and with real mutual support. Gregg Stapleton served the Company for seventeen years, most recently as our Chief Operating Officer. Gregg will retire on December 31, 2004. He will continue to be available to the Company on an exclusive consulting basis and will be succeeded by Frank Meredith. Frank has been with the Company since 1985 and has progressed from in-house counsel to his current position as Chief Financial Officer. Frank knows this Company in its detail and its nuance. He is perfectly suited to his new responsibilities. Frank’s new title will be Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. At the same time, Dr. Erich Geiger will become Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the parent. Dr. Geiger has been the primary technical and development force in our automotive OEM business. He will continue as Executive Chairman of Harman/Becker, but his expanded corporate role will serve the Company everywhere—in Europe, North America and Asia. I welcome his day-to-day participation with me, Bernie Girod and Frank Meredith.
  12

 CRITICAL JUDGMENT
Traffic lights, stop signs, one-way streets and maximum speed limits are all useful controls of traffic, but the management of behavior and the elimination of road rage comes from something totally different. In business, that difference can and should arise from a critical mindset on the part of a company’s leadership. I identify that mindset as the exercise of critical judg- ment. Rather than thinking in terms of the law and how to accommodate it, critical judgment arises from developing convictions about what the leader believes in. To know what you believe in and to act out of those beliefs is fundamental. A coherent assembly of those beliefs forms the material of a personal philos- ophy of critical judgment. The executive who is able to judge a policy, a product, a service or, for that matter, an advertisement, not on the basis of “I like it or dislike it,” but by measuring it against a set of prin- ciples, and then stating a coherent conclusion, achieves two things. First, a specific judgment that is likely to survive and be validated. Second, the extension of that judgment and that mindset to all aspects of the business.
Many business executives are so busy developing a business plan and developing their particular business skills, that they have no time to ask themselves the most fundamental question, “What is it I believe in— and how did I get there?”
Determining how to reach judgment as to whether something is right or wrong, whether it will work or not work, whether it is justified or unjustified
becomes a skill of enormous value in the conduct of business. Developing that perspective is what I intend when I speak of developing a personal philosophy of critical judgment.
Sarbanes-Oxley and its enforcement create the equiv- alent of regulatory traffic lights for business. Like traffic lights, the review and the reporting are useful, but taken alone they are inadequate. When Harman refuses to do business with firms who demand bribes, that refusal is somehow communicated throughout the Company. When we give precedence to our employees over expedience in outsourcing, that word spreads and our employees respond in highly productive fashion. When we voluntarily disclose the executive compensation arrangements which have exist- ed in the Company for years and have motivated the remarkable performance in revenues, earnings and stock price, we make clear to our employees and our investors that we are driven by something more powerful than regulation, and that we are comfortable disclosing it.
I believe that the combination of unmatched technology, critical judgment and self-directed ethical conduct form the bedrock for the enduring growth and profitability of Harman International.
Sincerely,
Sidney Harman
Executive Chairman
  13
