TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Fiscal Year 2011 was a time of continued, dramatic progress for HARMAN. Following the decisive actions that helped our company weather the most challenging economic cycle of a lifetime, we shifted our focus during the year to driving these principles into every level of the organization. Consistent innovation, decisive execution and operational excellence helped HARMAN to endure when others faltered, and these principles will serve as the catalysts for continued profitable growth. Net sales in fiscal 2011 were $3.8 billion, an increase of 13 percent compared to the prior year when adjusted for constant currency. Sales increased in all three divisions and the Company continued to gain share in selected markets. Operating income in fiscal year 2011 was $190 million, an increase of 122 percent compared to the prior year. Our cash and shortterm investments balance increased to $921 million during the fiscal year, driven primarily by positive cash from operations. Total liquidity increased to $1.5 billion, providing significant flexibility for the strategic initiatives ahead. All three HARMAN divisions posted strong improvement during the year, driven by dozens of new product innovations, project execution, and operational excellence. The Automotive Division increased Net Sales by 11 percent and more than doubled Operating Income. The Consumer Division increased Net

Sales by 13 percent and returned to profitability with $2 million in Operating Income. The Professional Division continued its strong performance with a 17 percent increase in Net Sales and 25 percent growth in Operating Income. A look back through some other headlines for 2011 underscores the depth of our continued progress. As the year began, we announced the first of several important new business awards for our scalable, next-generation infotainment system. Chrysler Group and Fiat selected HARMAN to equip their new vehicles sold worldwide, energizing our established relationship with Chrysler, and bringing an exciting new global brand, Fiat, to our portfolio. This multi-year agreement puts our advanced connectivity, integrated on-board navigation and audio tuning capabilities within reach of millions of new drivers. In September, we further enriched our infotainment offering with the acquisition of Aha Mobile, a Silicon Valley pioneer for on-demand mobile and location-based Internet content services. Streaming, real-time Web technology is a natural complement to HARMAN's premium systems, and we will aggressively deploy this new tool to strengthen our global leadership as the provider of choice for rich, interactive entertainment, information, and telematics content. Later the same month, we celebrated the earlier acquisition of Brazilian

audio leader Selenium at Latin America's largest music industry exhibition, ExpoMusic, in São Paulo. Customers in the region were energized by this new foothold for HARMAN's legendary brands, and we collaborated personally with many of the talented employees and channel partners added through this strategic acquisition. We announced plans to expand production capacity at two new HARMAN plants in Brazil, where we are expected to see strong growth over the next five years. A similar milestone event was held in China during October, as HARMAN hosted nearly 300 key customers, channel partners and government officials to exchange perspectives on our mutual goals and unveil significant investments in the region. We broke ground for a major new engineering and manufacturing complex in the northern city of Dandong, which is beginning operation as I write this and will ultimately become our largest facility worldwide. Our local stakeholders, as well as HARMAN's entire Executive Committee and

HARMAN ANNUAL REPORT 2011

3

Board of Directors joined us the same week as we showcased our legendary brands for millions of potential customers with the opening of a new flagship store in Shanghai. In December, we announced that HARMAN had secured a new fiveyear, $550 Million revolving credit facility. This agreement reflects the ongoing confidence of the banking and investment community, including earlier two-notch upgrades by both major credit rating agencies. The new revolver significantly reduces our borrowing costs, and ensures the flexibility needed for both ongoing operations and strategic initiatives. At mid year, we announced another major new infotainment business win, as Volkswagen Group selected HARMAN to equip its vehicles worldwide beginning in 2012. Currently valued at some $1.6 Billion, this multi-year agreement solidifies our established relationship with several Volkswagen Group brands, while extending our offering across a range of models from Audi, Bentley, Lamborghini, Porsche, Seat, Skoda and Volkswagen. Our scalable, next-generation infotainment is already delighting drivers at Toyota, who unveiled

their HARMAN-based EntuneTM multimedia system in January. Early users are giving strong reviews to the new system, which features a variety of online mobile applications, integration with Toyota's on-board safety system, and field upgradeability that will allow users to add new mobile infotainment applications over time. This contract was the first for our scalable, next generation system, and the first ever awarded to a nonJapanese supplier. The subsequent awards discussed earlier underscore the appeal of this new HARMAN technology and its contribution to our growth strategy. HARMAN's branded audio business also scored multiple wins during the year. We introduced our revolutionary QuantumLogicTM 7.1 channel surround technology in the new Ferrari FF at

the Geneva Motor Show, integrated with our premium JBL branded audio. Soon after, we announced four separate branded audio awards from Chinese automakers, including BYD, Geely, Dongfeng, and the BYD/Daimler joint venture. These new awards highlight the success of our expanded footprint and relationships in China, and give us a strong start toward a targeted $1 Billion in China revenues by 2015. Harman posted a record high $14.5 billion in backlog of awarded businesses. Our activities in Fiscal Year 2011 touched the full range of emerging markets, with strategic events or investments in Brazil, China, Hungary, India, Mexico, and Russia. We appointed an experienced country manager for our new operations in Russia, charged with building an organization that can service the needs of the country's growing consumer demand for premium audio products and automotive infotainment solutions. We will continue to aggressively develop our emerging market resources, seizing new business opportunities and added competitiveness through best-cost operations. Among the driving forces behind this global footprint optimization is the

4

HARMAN ANNUAL REPORT 2011

landmark HARMAN STEP Change program, launched in mid 2008 as the global economy edged closer to recession. We acted early and aggressively with nearly 250 separate measures targeted to deliver $400 Million in cost and productivity savings by Fiscal Year 2011. Through the hard work of hundreds of people across the HARMAN team and deep culture change at every level, we exceeded the STEP Change target three months ahead of plan, and have realized $434 Million in permanent savings as of fiscal year end. Every element of our organization has benefitted from these improvements, from deep restructuring and global footprint optimization to common global processes and supply chain agreements that bring new cost efficiency to the way we work. We will carefully guard these savings while using many of our STEP Change initiatives as the model for additional improvements. Recognizing that HARMAN employees are integral to this success, we continue to empower our team through innovative programs. The annual HARMAN People Cycle includes regular evaluations, clear target setting for the year ahead, and compensation strategies that clearly link employee pay with performance toward both individual and group goals. In addition, we operate specialized learning and development programs at many levels. During 2011, for example, we certified some 50 people to the standards of the Project Management Institute and some 60 others engaged in advanced Lean Six Sigma training. Reaching out to the communities where we live and work also remains

a priority at HARMAN. During Fiscal Year 2011, our employees actively supported such prominent organizations as Habitat for Humanity, the United Way, Toys for Tots and the Salvation Army. Following the recent earthquake and tsunami in Japan, we raised some $200,000 in Red Cross relief funds through employee and corporate contributions. It was with deep sadness that we marked the passing of a distinguished member of the HARMAN community during 2011. Dr. Sidney Harman, our company's Founder and Chairman Emeritus, passed away in April following a brief illness. Dr. Harman's friendship and support will be deeply missed, but his legacy will endure in the caring culture across the company that bears his name. In recognition of his lifelong passion for learning, we have established the Sidney Harman Vision Scholarship to support the children of employees with higher education goals. As of July 1, 2011, we have further optimized the HARMAN structure to sharpen the focus on profitability in our large infotainment business. The former Automotive division has been split into separate Infotainment and Lifestyle divisions. The former

Consumer division is being merged into the newly-created Lifestyle division to bring together automotive audio, consumer audio, car aftermarket and luxury audio under one management structure. The Professional Division remains largely unchanged. I am very proud of the effort our team has made during Fiscal Year 2011 ­ sharply focused on the strategic fundamentals of innovation, execution, and continuous improvement. I am very fortunate to have partnered with a world-class Executive Committee and Board of Directors, whose diverse business and cultural expertise enrich our global operations immeasurably. I am also grateful for the continued support of our customers and shareholders, whose candid feedback is vital for measuring our progress. We remain committed to leveraging this trust as we work closely together to take HARMAN to the next level of success. Best regards,

Dinesh C. Paliwal Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

HARMAN ANNUAL REPORT 2011

5

