We focus on our strategic pillars, executing with diligence for our customers and delivering outstanding returns for our shareholders.

Report to shareholders
Fiscal year 2014

Chairman's Letter

To Our Shareholders: On behalf of the employees of HARMAN International, I am incredibly proud of our record performance in fiscal year 2014. Amidst a sea of great change in the markets in which we compete, HARMAN focused on our five strategic pillars, executing with diligence for our customers and delivering outstanding returns for our shareholders:
· Revenues reached an all-time high of

In terms of technology, HARMAN was named as an Open Automotive Alliance (OAA) partner, joining other founding members Audi, General Motors, Honda, Hyundai and Nvidia. HARMAN is among the first Google OAA member companies to develop reference software and hardware for "Android for Automotive." This project is an extremely large commercial undertaking with the potential to enhance the driving experience in millions of cars. HARMAN systems also enable Apple CarPlayTM and other apps that benefit from an embedded infotainment solution. We believe that HARMAN is the bridge between Silicon Valley and the automakers, and we are ensuring that new connected services are brought into the car safely and securely. HARMAN's experience, expertise and focus are key differentiators in this competitive market as proven by ABI Research ranking HARMAN as the #1 infotainment market supplier. Endorsements such as this are meaningful but the most important ones come from our customers in the form of repeat and new business, which demonstrate the confidence that automakers have in our ability to serve their needs not only today, but also in the years to come. Lifestyle In Lifestyle, revenue increased by 24% compared to the prior year due to our continued momentum in Car Audio and Home and Multimedia. Growth in our Car Audio business was driven by an increase in automotive production and higher take rates. We won new awards from BMW, Chrysler, Daimler, Lexus, Toyota, as well as Alfa Romeo, Hyundai, Kia and Chinese automakers Brilliance, Great Wall, Dongfeng, Chang'an, Geely and SAIC. We also won a new award from Ford for HARMAN's HALOsonic ESS for hybrids and electric vehicles, and new business in the area of hands-free microphones from both Ford

$5.3 billion, an increase of 24% compared to the prior year. · EBITDA reached an all-time high of $555 million, an improvement of 35% compared to the prior year.* · Earnings Per Share improved 43% to $4.41. * · Automotive backlog of awarded business hit an industry-leading $20.5 billion. These numbers reflect a constant commitment to innovation, quality, service and growth by many people. They represent the contributions of our exceptional board of directors that provides guidance on issues from strategic insights and risk management to governance and succession planning, and they represent the hard work of a 16,000-strong workforce that believes HARMAN's superior sound and light, and seamless, secure connectivity, elevates your experience ­ from the studio and stage to the home, car and everywhere in between.

* Excludes restructuring and non-recurring items, a non-GAAP measure. See reconciliation of non-GAAP measures in the August 7, 2014, press release.

Infotainment Much of our financial advancements can be attributed to our automotive businesses, where we capitalized on robust demand for a connected car experience. Our 24% increase in sales in Infotainment was due to the expansion of the Company's production launches across car lines, higher automotive production and higher take rates. Among our many highlights in fiscal year 2014, we secured new business awards from global OEMs, including VW Group, Suzuki, Yamaha, BMW, Jaguar Land Rover, Scion, Toyota and Chinese automakers Geely and Chang'An. We also were awarded business to develop premium infotainment solutions for Bentley and Maserati and in the fourth quarter won a contract from Scania/MAN to develop our first infotainment solution for commercial vehicles. This award demonstrates the power and versatility of our scalable hardware and software architecture to meet the unique requirements of commercial customers. These wins helped bring our total awarded Infotainment business in the year to $2.5 billion. As of June 30, HARMAN's Infotainment backlog of awarded business set a HARMAN record and industry high $16.2 billion.

and Daimler. As cars become more connected, voice control becomes increasingly important as a way for drivers to safely interact with embedded in-vehicle systems. To sum up 2014 Car Audio, we delivered all-time high sales, brought in nearly $1 billion in new car audio orders and achieved a car audio backlog of awarded business of $4.3 billion, a company record. Our technologies and brands enabled us to provide differentiated and unique offerings to the automakers, and we intend to continue our winning streak beyond luxury and into the midlevel and entry markets. The growth in our award-winning Home and Multimedia business was primarily due to higher sales from new products launched early in the year. We earned a record number 57 product and innovation awards, including eight design and innovation awards at the Consumer Electronics Show in January. Throughout the year, we introduced several new headphones and portable wireless products. Through a partnership with Softbank in Asia, HARMAN sold 1.4 million ONYXTM Studio speakers, making it the third HARMAN product to exceed the one million unit mark. Professional The Professional Division continued to experience robust demand for audio and lighting products for use at a wide range of live entertainment events and fixed-venue installations worldwide. Revenue in HARMAN's Professional Division was up 27% in fiscal year 2014 compared to the prior year. This increase was driven by strong demand for our audio products and expansion into lighting. HARMAN's technologies were showcased at many events, festivals and tours from Rock in Rio, the world's largest music festival, to our 13th Super Bowl to eight of the 12 FIFA World Cup competition stadiums. Throughout the year, we secured high profile new business wins, including the BMW World Customer Center in Germany; the Grand Mosque in Saudi Arabia; the Marassi Civic Center in Egypt; and the St. Louis Cardinals and San Diego Padres baseball parks in the U.S. We also made inroads into the transportation sector with awards from the San Francisco Municipal Public Transit System in California and the Salvador International Airport in Brazil. True performers, the HARMAN Professional Division team ended the year on a high note with a total 145 new products launches and several top industry honors for our products, making 2014 a breakout year for this business.

Five Strategic Pillars HARMAN's five strategic pillars provide a framework to build a stronger, sustainable HARMAN that can adapt and succeed for years to come. In fiscal year 2014, we made tremendous strides against these endeavors. Extend Technology Leadership In Infotainment, we introduced our next generation scalable infotainment system that addresses market demands for safety, cyber security and rapid application development, which can only be provided through in-car embedded solutions. We also began to roll-out Clari-Fi,TM our proprietary software solution that intelligently analyzes and restores the audio quality of compressed and streaming music sources. Clari-Fi has already been launched in our JBL® Authentics product line, the Lexus NX with the premium Mark Levinson sound system and smartphones by HTC and Sharp. Software such as Clari-Fi is becoming an increasingly important component of our business across all divisions, and we are stepping up our investments in this area to provide our customers with superior audio and greater connectivity. We continue to protect these innovations with a strong Intellectual Property strategy. Our patent count has increased significantly again this year from approximately 4,900 to more than 5,650 with many of those attributed to software developments. Capitalize on Iconic Brands Throughout the year, HARMAN accelerated our brand awareness programs, and we are realizing an immediate payback through increased sales and traffic to our e-commerce sites. Highlights include a new partnership with GRAMMY® Award-winning alternative rock band Linkin Park and our Infinity brand and a bold promotion in the U.S. with JBL brand ambassadors Maroon 5 and Sprint that culminated in a private concert for consumers in New York City. In Europe, JBL and Media Markt, one of Europe's largest electronics retailers, ran a successful football promotion featuring professional players in Germany and the Netherlands. In North America, we received outstanding visibility in a co-branded BMW commercial prominently featuring the Harman Kardon audio system and in broadcast and print advertisements for the Sprint HTC One M8 Harman Kardon edition smartphone. We also took steps to infuse HARMAN brands into relevant cultural events such as Coachella, SXSW Conference and the 55th annual GRAMMY Awards.

2014 Board of Directors
Dinesh C. Paliwal Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ann McLaughlin Korologos Chairman, Rand Corporation Board of Trustees Lead Director and Chair, Nominating and Governance Committee Edward H. Meyer President, Grey Global Group Chair, Compensation and Option Committee Kenneth M. Reiss Former Managing Partner, Ernst & Young Chair, Audit Committee Adriane M. Brown President and Chief Operating Officer, Intellectual Ventures John W. Diercksen Former Executive Vice President, Verizon Communications Dr. Jiren Liu Chairman and CEO, Neusoft Corporation Hellene Runtagh Former President and CEO, Berwind Group Frank Sklarsky Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, PPG Industries, Inc. Gary Steel Former member of the Group Executive Committee, ABB Ltd.

In addition, we opened flagship experience centers in New York, Moscow and Tokyo. These sites complement our existing corporate-owned stores in Beijing, Seoul and Shanghai and a growing network of licensed retail outlets in India, China and Dubai. Grow Emerging Markets Despite challenging economic environments in Brazil, Russia, India and China, we grew our BRIC revenue 31% this year to more than $700 million. China led the way with 48% growth. We expect our upward trajectory to continue in China in particular and are bolstering our internal capabilities there, as well as initiating strategic partnerships with other companies and institutions, such as the renowned Tsinghua University in the area of automotive technologies. As we look forward, we expect that our growth in emerging markets will significantly outperform the rest of the world. To fulfill the expected demand, we are investing in additional manufacturing capacity in Brazil, India, China and Hungary. Optimize Cost and Capital Structure I often say that innovation combined with cost leadership is the formula for sustainable longterm success. HARMAN cannot win on good ideas or sound strategy alone; we must also win on execution. This requires a vigilant focus on managing our costs and capital, even in good times. In fiscal year 2014, HARMAN's gross margin improved primarily due to the impact of higher sales volumes on fixed production costs and reduced costs due to footprint migration initiatives. We continued to take restructuring actions in Europe to best align our engineering and manufacturing operations with changing customer demands and proximity within growth markets. While these decisions are never easy, HARMAN understands that we must continue to take proactive steps to protect our competitive position and stay ahead of industry and macroeconomic shifts. Regarding our capital structure, we repurchased 1.3 million shares this year and after doubling the dividend for three consecutive years, increased it by 10% for fiscal year 2015. Diversify Portfolio HARMAN completed three acquisitions outside of the automotive sector during the fiscal year. In our Professional Division we acquired Duran

Audio and AMX. The Duran acquisition provided us with access to innovative electro-acoustic and software-based directivity control technologies. AMX is the leading provider of enterprise automation and control systems and video switching and distributing solutions. AMX customers span high security government institutions, commercial, educational, industrial and financial markets, including the Pentagon, NATO, IBM, Bank of America and Deutsche Bank, to name a few. Now, HARMAN is uniquely positioned to provide complete audio, video, lighting and automation solutions to our customers globally. In June, we acquired Yurbuds, the U.S. market leader in sports headphones. This acquisition strengthens our position in the fast growing sports headphones and wearables market. Collectively, we expect that these three acquisitions will contribute more than $200 million to our fiscal year 2015 revenues. We also expect Automotive Services to play a strong role in our growth story, including Infotainment, Application Services and Aftermarket Audio. While we grew this business by approximately 15% this past year, we also are evaluating inorganic options to expand our software capabilities and scale. We believe this will allow us to accelerate growth in this high value-add and high-margin space. In summary, we will stay the course with our five strategic pillars and advance our business transformation with great innovations and exceptional execution. Inspiring an Innovation Culture The key to winning begins and ends with our people. In fiscal 2014, we took significant steps to strengthen our organization and culture. We launched six "Innovation Studio" internal crowdsourcing challenges to harness the collective intelligence and creativity of our employees. In the area of Inclusion, we built diversity metrics into senior executive performance measurements, launched the HARMAN Women's Network and established a Diversity and Inclusion online portal. Importantly, we also created the HARMAN Sustainability Council with responsibility for setting the Company's sustainability strategy and executing and tracking our progress. We believe that by pursuing ambitious environmental and social sustainability goals, we will deliver value to our bottom line, improve the supply chain performance of our customers and enhance the communities where we do business.
* Excludes restructuring and non-recurring items, a non-GAAP measure. See reconciliation of non-GAAP measures in the August 7, 2014, press release.

A Look Ahead HARMAN sees a bright future ahead. In August 2014, we issued strong financial guidance for fiscal year 2015 and increased our outlook for fiscal year 2016. We increased our mid-term revenue outlook for fiscal year 2016 by $800 million to $6.85 billion. This is a significant jump and is based on a number of key assumptions, namely global GDP growth, global automotive production growth and increasing global industry infotainment take rates. We also increased our fiscal year 2016 EBITDA* guidance from approximately $785 million to $880 million. Importantly, we expect new product launches and the demand for connected car solutions will continue to accelerate global take rates to 27-28% and therefore are projecting Infotainment growth of 19% in fiscal year 2016. This is an exciting outlook for HARMAN. I am proud of HARMAN's record performance in fiscal year 2014 and determined to give our many fans an encore as we enable and enhance the connected car, the connected enterprise and the connected lifestyle. HARMAN has a great story to tell. Fiscal year 2014 was an outstanding chapter, and I am inspired to show the world that ­ even with more than 60 years behind us and many milestones to our name ­ HARMAN's story has actually just begun.

Dinesh C. Paliwal Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Corporate Headquarters 400 Atlantic Street Stamford, CT 06901 203-328-3500 To view the full 10-K report visit www.harman.com. Harman Kardon, Infinity and JBL are trademarks of Harman International Industries, Incorporated, registered in the United States and/or other countries. Clari-Fi is a trademark of Harman International Industries, Incorporated. All other marks are the property of their respective owners. © 2014 Harman International Industries, Incorporated. All rights reserved.

