To Our Shareholders
Approximately 10 years ago, we established a new strategy for Hasbro and began to organize and focus our company around a common vision: Becoming a Branded Play Company. We started by putting our brands at the center of all we do and set out to create innovative toys and games surrounded by immersive brand experiences for consumers globally.

We set this strategy because it enables us to take the company to new levels, fostering innovation in the organization, creating bigger, more global brands with reach across platforms and delivering better returns for our shareholders. As we enter 2011, the stage has been set and we are at the threshold of a new era for Hasbro.

Before we look ahead, let's take a look back at 2010.

T O

O U R

S H A R E H O L D E R S

2010 Accomplishments
When we began 2010, we shared with you our vision to continue re-inventing, re-imagining and re-igniting the industry's broadest portfolio of world-class brands. We understood that in order to drive top-line growth, we needed to deliver growth from brands across our portfolio following our very strong performance in 2009, which was driven by two major motion pictures. It was also another year of operating in a challenging and tumultuous global economic environment. For the year, the Hasbro team globally achieved many milestones: · Revenue was $4.00 billion versus $4.07 billion in 2009; international segment revenues increased 7% with growth in all major product categories and regions, including in the emerging markets; we grew revenue in both the Girls and Preschool global product categories and we increased share in many categories. · Each of our product categories had brands which grew. NERF became our largest brand in 2010, growing more than 50% to $414 million; FURREAL FRIENDS more than doubled its revenue in 2010; PLAYSKOOL, through the re-introduction of ALPHIE and WEEBLES, grew along with PLAY-DOH and TONKA; as did several re-imagined games brands, including MAGIC: THE GATHERING, SCRABBLE, CUPONK and BOP-IT. · Operating profit margin increased to 14.7% of revenues, its highest level in 25 years; net earnings reached a record level and earnings per share increased for the 10th consecutive year. · We continued making strategic, longterm investments which position us for growth and success in the future; and · We returned cash to you, our shareholders, buying back 15.8 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $636.7 million and returning $133 million via our quarterly cash dividends. In February 2011, our Board voted to increase our quarterly dividend rate by 20% to $0.30 per share.

Hasbro's Brand Blueprint
Over the past several years, we have shared with you our brand blueprint. A very significant result of the blueprint is the development of immersive brand experiences for our global consumers not only through Hasbro Toys & Games, but in entertainment with motion pictures, television and online; in digital gaming; and in lifestyle licensing. In 2010, our entertainment initiatives took an important step forward. On October 10, 2010, Hasbro and Discovery Communications launched The HUB in the U.S. under the leadership of industry veteran, Margaret Loesch, and her team. We couldn't be more pleased with the quality of programming and the initial results we are seeing with The HUB. Shows based on our brands and produced by Hasbro Studios are leading the way with respect to ratings on The HUB. We set out to establish a destination that brings kids and their families together to enjoy clever stories and engaging characters. In the early months of being on air, The HUB has been the leading co-viewed network of all kid cable networks with Kids 2-11 and Adults 18-49, meaning the network boasts the highest percentage of kids watching television with their parents. Building a successful television network is a longterm endeavor and we have only just begun. We are pleased with the ratings progress overall since the launch. We believe the investments being made in marketing the channel are working. Furthermore, we are encouraged by The Hub's early studies that show it is beginning to rival some competitive networks in terms of unaided awareness, for kids as well as parents, and garners strong recommendations from those already watching. As a result, the number of advertisers is growing, most of whom had never advertised on The HUB's predecessor channel, Discovery Kids. To support the launch of The HUB, we invested over $50 million in television program development at our wholly-owned Hasbro Studios, dedicated to making quality programs based on Hasbro brands. This resulted in 335 half-hours of programming for Season One of The HUB and for distribution in the international markets. In 2010, Hasbro Studios produced a number of the highest

T O

O U R

S H A R E H O L D E R S

rated shows on the network, including Transformers Prime, G.I. Joe Renegades, Family Game Night, My Little Pony Friendship is Magic and Pound Puppies. Steve Davis and the team at Hasbro Studios have done a great job bringing Hasbro brands to life for The HUB and for international markets as they play an integral role in the development of immersive brand experiences globally. Internationally, television is an extremely powerful tool in building brand equity. In 2010, Hasbro Studios entered into programming agreements with Corus in Canada, where our shows are currently airing on YTV, Teletoon and Treehouse; and with Turner Broadcasting's Cartoon Network in the UK, Spain, Sweden, Norway, Denmark and the Middle East. In early 2011, we added Mediaset in Italy with their Italia Uno channel to the list of highly rated kids' networks airing Hasbro Studios shows. We expect to see Hasbro Studios programming in additional regions throughout the world by Fall 2011. Lifestyle licensing is another important element of the brand blueprint. In 2010, we were pleased to welcome Simon Waters to Hasbro to lead our global lifestyle licensing and publishing efforts. Simon brings tremendous experience in this area, most recently from The Walt Disney Company, where he served as Vice President, Global Franchise Development and Strategic Marketing. Finally, as we re-invent, re-imagine and re-ignite our games brands, it is important to note that more people are enjoying Hasbro's games than ever before, in new and different ways as we expand them digitally to consumers globally. In fact, in 2010, our brands experienced a greater than 50% increase in mobile downloads. We continue to leverage our relationships with Electronic Arts, Activision and others to grow our gaming audience and create immersive experiences for consumers across several platforms.

of larger, more global brands which allow us to capitalize on economies of scale and efficiencies. Significant to this global brand activation is the development of our business in key emerging markets. Since 2007, we have opened offices in Brazil, Russia, the Czech Republic, Romania and China. In 2010, we opened new offices in Peru and Korea and most recently in early 2011 we opened an office in Colombia. Also, we have offices in other emerging markets, such as Chile, Turkey and Poland and in India, where we have a joint venture. In total, more than 300 people are working in these markets to establish Hasbro as the leading branded play company worldwide. The emerging markets are delivering strong growth on the performance of Hasbro brands and those of our partners. Key market performance in 2010 included revenue gains of 68% in Russia, 58% in Brazil and 27% in China. We continue investing in marketing and advertising to build our local presence and gain share as we build a long-term profitable business in the emerging markets.

Activating and Executing in 2011
2011 is the first year in a multi-year strategic plan in which we will have significant initiatives across all elements of our brand blueprint ­ in television, in movies, in digital gaming, in licensing, and, of course, most importantly, across our portfolio of toys and games. We have had years with successful initiatives in each of these areas before, but 2011 will allow us to truly activate and execute across our brand blueprint in the most comprehensive manner to date. Specifically, Transformers: Dark of the Moon is scheduled to debut in theatres on July 1, 2011. In partnership with global retailers, we have TRANSFORMERS toys and games, licensed consumer products and digital games across all platforms. In television, we have a full year of The HUB and the

Global Brand Activation & Emerging Markets
Over the past several years we have reorganized our company to execute our business globally. Key to the achievement of our medium-term target of a better than 15% operating profit margin, is the development

initial airing of Hasbro Studios programs outside the U.S. Finally, we will continue to cultivate and grow our strategic long-term partnerships. We are committed to being the best, most innovative partner with the

T O

O U R

S H A R E H O L D E R S

best, most innovative brand owners, such as Marvel and Lucasfilm. To that end, in 2011, a great new partner joins us as SESAME STREET comes to our Preschool line, featuring a number of beloved characters, which we are building into a year-round global business.

from its product instructions, removing some 800,000 pounds of material worldwide from the waste stream. Currently, more than 90 percent of solid waste generated at the Company's owned and operated manufacturing facilities in Massachusetts and Ireland is recycled. Beginning in 2011, our goal is to eliminate all wire ties from our packaging and work toward our newly established target that at least 75 percent of our paper packaging will be derived from recycled material or sources that practice sustainable forest management. By 2015, we hope to achieve 90 percent usage of these materials and sources for all paperboard packaging and in-box game content. We are also working with core toy and game licensees to help them put similar standards in place. Also, in July 2010, we were pleased to welcome to

Making a Difference
We take great pride in being part of the Hasbro team. We approach each day with the intent of being the best we possibly can be for our consumers, our partners, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. Recently, we were honored to be named on Fortune's 2011 "100 Best Companies to Work For" list. We know that the Hasbro team has the drive, passion and commitment to win and our continued investment in growing our talent globally is essential to our long-term success. Importantly, Hasbro has always maintained a longstanding commitment to giving back to our communities. In 2010, the Hasbro Children's Fund partnered with national non-profit organization, Points of Light Institute, to launch a new global youth movement, generationOn, focused on inspiring young people, from pre-school through high school, to make a difference through volunteering. The Hasbro Children's Fund will donate $5 million over the next five years to support the launch of generationOn, the single largest commitment the Fund has made at one time to an organization. Through our partnership with Points of Light, we hope to help kids build better lives for themselves and the world though the experience of helping others. Additionally, in 2010, we announced a number of steps in the area of corporate responsibility and environmental sustainability which build on our ongoing efforts in this area. In 2010, Hasbro significantly reduced plastic bags

the Company's Board of Directors Lisa Gersh, former President, Strategic Initiatives at NBC News. Lisa is highly accomplished within the media and entertainment industry and through her expertise in launching new TV Channels and building partnerships, we are confident that she will prove to be a valuable member of our Board.

Becoming a Branded Play Company
Today, we are well into the implementation of our strategy toward becoming a branded play company. However, we are in the early stages of reaching our full potential. With eight mega-brands as our focus, 150 actively marketed brands, and a vault of 1,500 brands and properties at our disposal ­ all of this with an additional focus on imagining new brands ­ we believe there is a tremendous untapped opportunity ahead for Hasbro. We look forward to partnering with you as we unlock the potential of our brands globally.

Brian D. Goldner President and Chief Executive Officer

Alfred J. Verrecchia Chairman of the Board

