





To	our	shareholders,
It was a challenging year for the toy industry both domestically and abroad in 2004, while at Hasbro it was a year in which we continued our focus on expense reductions, generated good free cash flow and delivered earnings per share ahead of last year, despite lower revenue.

Going forward, we believe Hasbro is well positioned to enhance shareholder value, even with the challenges the toy industry is facing. We recognize that over the longer term in order to do this, we need to grow revenue, in addition to managing the business as efficiently as possible. We are focused on opportunities to do that.

In the last few years, we have spoken about three areas that we have targeted to drive our overall revenue growth: core brands, innovative new products, and strategic licenses - incorporated in that is a broad offering of lifestyle products. We continue to focus on
intensifying our efforts in all of those areas with innovation as the key driver of that growth.


At Hasbro, we have a history of innovation. In 1952, we were the first company to advertise a

toy on television with MR. POTATO HEAD, and in 1964 we revolutionized the toy industry with the creation of the action figure category by introducing G.I. JOE. We also were first to recognize the value of expanding our portfolio and created a new model for the modern
toy company in 1984 with the acquisition of Milton Bradley and Playskool.

Today that innovation continues in our 2005 product line. Our 2005 lineup responds
to the trends we are seeing in the global marketplace. The bottom line is we plan to
continue developing innovative toys, games and lifestyle products that today's consumers want, and to offer those products wherever they are shopping.
 



Using technology to enhance play patterns has been a key area of focus, and in 2005 we plan to reintroduce FURBY, one of the best-selling toys of all time with 40 million pieces sold globally. We have evolved FURBY using advances in technology, robotics and puppetry to create an amazingly realistic and lifelike creature that can react based on how a child interacts with it. The new FURBY will be available worldwide this fall in a number of languages.

In 2005, we are bringing new innovation to the electronic learning category with Playskool's ION Educational Gaming System. This is the first electronic educational gaming system to combine learning benefits with physical activity. It uses patented motion-capture technology to place the child onscreen and literally "in" the game.

Strategically, tweens continue to be a key focus for us, evident by the many great products we've been developing for this consumer segment, including VIDEONOW, named "Best Toy of 2004" by consumers and the press. In 2005, you will  see  more  great  innovation  from the NOW brand.

In 2004, we introduced the concept of the Game Video Disc (GVD) with SHOUT ABOUT MOVIES, as well as our first plug and play game, MISSION PAINTBALL. There are more exciting products planned for 2005. We are enhancing our portfolio by offering our games in a wide variety of platforms: board, electronic, DVD, GVD and plug and play. This enables us to grow our brands and appeal to diverse consumer segments. TRIVIAL PURSUIT is a great example of our ability to extend our brands through DVD and other themed editions. Using this approach, we've been able to more than quintuple the TRIVIAL PURSUIT business in the U.S. over the past five years.

We are continuing to refresh our classic brands with new and exciting extensions to our core brand portfolio. The MONOPOLY game, one of the world's most popular games, celebrates its
 




































We believe there is significant opportunity to grow and improve profitability going forward. You can expect all of us at Hasbro to remain focused on creating value for you,
our shareholders.



 



Alan G. Hassenfeld
Chairman of the Board
 
OfA	V
Alfred J. Verrecchia
President and Chief Executive Officer
 





 
