TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2009 was an excellent year for Hasbro. Across our business, Hasbro employees came together around the world to deliver our fifth consecutive year of revenue growth and ninth consecutive year of EPS growth. These results reflect our strategy to invest in our business for the long term while returning cash to you, our shareholders. In fact, in 2009 we returned approximately $200 million to our shareholders through our dividend and share buyback programs. In early 2010, we were pleased to be able to increase our quarterly dividend 25% to $0.25 per common share. We achieved these results despite a challenging global economic environment - an environment which did not improve significantly in 2009, but also did not deteriorate further. Throughout the year, we stayed committed to our strategy, adapting it to best meet changing consumer spending habits. As a result, we were well positioned for when the consumer came out to shop ­ and the consumer did come out to shop - albeit late in the fourth quarter.

THE CONSUMER IS IN CHARGE
We know fully and fundamentally that the consumer is in charge. Our teams around the world are spending more time and attention garnering consumer insights. Specifically, how they consume brands, particularly Hasbro brands, how they consume media and the opportunities we have to drive our brands forward. This is the fundamental job of the Company and at the core of the strategy we employ. Our core brand strategy is simple. We create immersive brand experiences for consumers of all ages in any form or format they want, anytime or anywhere, around the world. Our brand blueprint is the starting point. Two years ago, we rewired the organization to put brands at the very center of everything we do as we re-imagine, re-invent and re-ignite our brands. It begins with toy and game product innovation and extends to all consumer touch points including lifestyle licensing, entertainment ­ television, movies and online ­ as well as digital gaming. We then employ this blueprint across our mature, developing and emerging markets. In 2001, we established our core brand strategy because we believed it would deliver superior experiences for our consumers and retail partners, provide long-term growth for our business and create value for our shareholders. Today, we can tell you it is working. As we create bigger, global core brands, we leverage our investments across geographies while investing in sales, marketing and R&D globally to deliver stronger operating returns over time. In 2001, our eight global core brands (G.I. JOE; LITTLEST PET SHOP; MAGIC: THE GATHERING; MONOPOLY; MY LITTLE PONY; NERF; PLAYSKOOL; and TRANSFORMERS) represented 17% of Hasbro's total revenues. This increased to 25% by 2005 and in 2009 these brands grew to represent 50% of total Hasbro net revenues. During the same time period, operating margins grew from 7.4% in 2001 to 14.5% in 2009, a level Hasbro has not achieved since the mid-1980s and we achieved a record operating profit in 2009 of $588.6 million. We also returned approximately $2 billion in cash to shareholders via dividends and stock buybacks in that same time period from 2001 to 2009. Throughout 2009, the Hasbro team pulled together to increase operating efficiencies in our business. At the beginning of the year, we outlined cost-saving initiatives, including freezing salaries, hiring only in critical positions and reducing other expenses including travel. These efforts, combined with a focus on prudent spending, resulted in an overall reduction in costs within our business, which is the baseline we began from in 2010.

ASSEMBLING THE TOOLS
2009 was an extremely important year in the evolution of Hasbro as we continue our transformation into a branded play company. During the year, we further assembled the tools we need to be successful in the execution of our strategy over the long term: · First and foremost, we delivered and remain committed to delivering innovative, compelling, branded products at appropriate price points, coupled with strong marketing programs; · We extended key strategic licenses with our partners Lucasfilm and Marvel - who continue to be important contributors to our business; · We announced a 10-year global strategic alliance with Sesame Workshop ­ an extremely valuable new partner. We believe there is opportunity to grow our businesses together and in 2011 we will bring to market a broad range of products, featuring Elmo, Big Bird, Abby Cadabby and Cookie Monster, among others, to entertain and educate young children; · We further expanded Hasbro's presence in emerging markets through share gains in key markets, such as Brazil and China; growing our existing businesses in emerging Asian, Latin American and Eastern European countries; and establishing new offices in important geographies, including Russia and Romania. As a result, we grew revenues in our emerging markets in the Asia Pacific region, Latin America and Europe where key brands, such as TRANSFORMERS, NERF, LITTLEST PET SHOP and PLAY-DOH, as well as games, contributed to our increased net revenues. Despite growth in our emerging markets, there was a continued lower level of consumer spending and poor market conditions in countries such as the UK, Spain and Mexico in 2009. · We also made key strides in entertainment, including movies, TV and online. We formed a joint venture with Discovery Communications to establish a new children's television network, being re-branded as THE HUB; we formed Hasbro Studios to develop compelling television programming based on our brands; and we expanded our roster of studio partners and movies under development based on Hasbro brands.

CORE BRAND GROWTH
For the full year, we grew key brands, including TRANSFORMERS, G.I. JOE, NERF, LITTLEST PET SHOP, PLAY-DOH, TONKA, and MAGIC: THE GATHERING and we gained market share in our major markets. Specifically, the total brand performance of TRANSFORMERS, G.I. JOE and NERF delivered double-digit growth in 2009 across multiple product categories. TRANSFORMERS had a record year, posting $592 million in revenues, a 23% increase from our last movie year in 2007. G.I. JOE recorded revenue in excess of $125 million; and NERF continued its growth, increasing 25% ­ driven by continued growth in the U.S. and the expansion of the brand internationally. PLAY-DOH and TONKA also turned in double-digit growth, both growing approximately 25% in 2009. Hasbro's FAMILY GAME NIGHT campaign was embraced by our retailers and consumers around the world and drove an outstanding fourth quarter in games and puzzles. For the full year, total games and puzzles increased slightly, overcoming the revenue decline in the category reported through the first nine months of the year. In addition to the FAMILY GAME NIGHT campaign, we grew our games business by re-imagining brands like CONNECT 4, OPERATION, and BOP IT and through the creation of our new card game product line.

Our digital games business grew with partners Electronic Arts (EA) and Activision. We also delivered a strong result with MAGIC: THE GATHERING trading card games. However, several areas of our business were impacted by the decision not to carry forward a number of high-priced products from 2008. Both KOTA and the ROSE PETAL COTTAGE line were not carried forward into the 2009 preschool line and we decided not to market several products in the FURREAL FRIENDS line, which created difficult year-over-year comparisons. Despite challenging conditions in the market place, our global teams executed our core brand strategy, delivering a strong year and positioning Hasbro for continued growth in future years.

BRAND ACTIVATION ACROSS PLATFORMS
We continued the activation of our brands across platforms, growing revenues in lifestyle licensing and digital gaming through both the strength of our movie-backed properties, TRANSFORMERS and G.I. JOE, as well as the continued expansion of core brands, such as MONOPOLY and LITTLEST PET SHOP, outside traditional toys and games. In fact, our Entertainment and Licensing segment reached $155 million in revenue during the year, growing 44% from 2008. EA and Activision continued the proliferation of Hasbro brands in the digital arena in 2009. Activision's Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen video game was the number one movie game in 2009. Since our first digital games from EA hit the market in 2008, EA has sold at retail eight million units of Hasbro branded digital games. In 2009, EA successfully launched games for brands from LITTLEST PET SHOP to TRIVIAL PURSUIT to NERF to FAMILY GAME NIGHT. For mobile users, Hasbro brands, including BATTLESHIP, MONOPOLY and SCRABBLE, were top-grossing titles on the iPhone App Store during the 2009 holiday season and both MONOPOLY and SCRABBLE have remained in the top 50 consistently since launch. With great family and casual brands such as these, EA and Hasbro are well positioned to leverage the evolution underway in the digital gaming market place, as mobile and online games grow to represent a larger portion of the total digital gaming opportunity.

MAXIMIZING BRANDS THROUGH ENTERTAINMENT
Our core brand strategy also involves maximizing our brands through entertainment. As mentioned previously, in 2009, we made key strides in entertainment. In television, we partnered with Discovery Communications (Discovery) to form a new children's television network, THE HUB, scheduled to launch in the fall of 2010. We paid $300 million to purchase 50% of the existing Discovery Kids television network, which is being rebranded as THE HUB, and are partnering with Discovery and the newly-hired team under the leadership of Margaret Loesch, an awardwinning children's television veteran, to deliver programming to entertain, enrich, educate and empower children and their families. To further support this endeavor, we established Hasbro Studios and brought industry veteran Stephen Davis on board to lead this effort. Hasbro Studios is developing compelling programming based on Hasbro brands, such as TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY ­ both of which are scheduled to be on THE HUB when it launches in the fall of 2010. Since we own the programs we develop, we plan to license this programming not only to the JV network in the U.S., but also to international television channels around the globe, expanding the brand experience and the revenue opportunity. Hasbro's partnership with Discovery provides our brands with yet another powerful entertainment tent pole. We see television as a keystone to our brand strategy and ultimately, the reason why we decided

to go with a joint venture. We know that Discovery is the perfect partner for Hasbro as we look to maximize our vast potential in television and online. In 2009, our television investment impacted our earnings in the amount of $0.12 per diluted share. We anticipate further dilution in 2010, but believe that by 2011, our television investment will become accretive as the revenues generated from our television initiatives offset our costs. In motion pictures, with our studio partner, Paramount, achieving more than $1.1 billion in gross box office revenues between Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra and Hasbro generating strong product and licensing revenues in 2009, we are working with Paramount on TRANSFORMERS 3 and G.I. JOE 2. We announced the first two movies under our partnership with Universal Studios, BATTLESHIP and STRETCH ARMSTRONG, both scheduled for release in 2012. We also added Sony as a studio partner as we reached an agreement to develop RISK as a major motion picture. Finally, we have tremendous talent working on a number of other potential films based on Hasbro brands including MONOPOLY, CANDY LAND, CLUE and OUIJA.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
In 2010, two long-standing board members, E. Gordon Gee and Paula Stern, will be retiring from Hasbro's Board of Directors. Our Company and its leadership have benefited from both Gordon's and Paula's expertise and counsel over the years and we thank them for their contributions to our success.

CREATING SHAREHOLDER VALUE
As we look back over the past 12 months, we focused on our strategy, while continuing to invest in our business and developing the tools we need to be successful in the years to come. It required every member of the Hasbro team to perform at a high level and they did. As we go forward into 2010 and beyond, the strength of our brands, the growth of our business globally, including emerging markets, and a commitment to our strategy of creating fully immersive brand experiences will continue unlocking the potential of our brands and enable our consumers to enjoy our brands anytime and anywhere, while creating long-term value for our shareholders.

BRIAN GOLDNER

President and Chief Executive Officer

ALFRED J. VERRECCHIA
Chairman of the Board

