To Our Shareholders,
Three years ago we set a new strategic direction for the Company. One in which we would change the culture at Hasbro to focus on growing our incredible portfolio of core brands and developing new and innovative products. In addition, we wanted to reduce our reliance on entertainment properties, improve operating margins and strengthen our balance sheet.

We are happy to report that three years later, we are delivering against all of these objectives!
In 2003, revenues increased 6.9%, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. We re-energized our business by leveraging our rich collection of core brand drivers, which as a category were up 23% worldwide and include brands like PLAYSKOOL and TRANSFORMERS. One core brand worth calling out was MONOPOLY, which was up 18% in 2003, an impressive number for a brand that is nearly 70 years old. Innovative products like BEYBLADE and VIDEONOW also contributed significantly to our solid growth. Improving our operating margin to 10% or better by 2003 was a major objective as well, and we surpassed that goal, delivering an operating margin of 11%. We are particularly pleased that we achieved this goal during a year in which we also took a number of charges relating to actions to improve future profitability. These charges included severance payments related to the cessation of toy manufacturing operations at our Valencia, Spain facility and charges for exiting leases and severance for the employees of the remaining Wizards of the Coast retail stores. In the last three years, we have made tremendous strides in strengthening our balance sheet and have reduced our short and long-term debt, net of cash, by over $1.0 billion. In addition, we have improved our debt to total cap ratio to 34%. We are pleased that this progress has been recognized by both Fitch Ratings and Moody's, who have upgraded our long-term unsecured debt ratings to investment grade. This success was driven by all three of our major segments.

Games Revenues up 8.8%
Games is a solid, profitable business for Hasbro. Consumers have always enjoyed the fun and educational opportunities that games provide, and the way they bring people together. The segment had a strong year, registering an 8.8% increase in revenues. They posted $804.5 million in revenues for the year and an operating profit that increased by 40.8% to $175.3 million. Driving this success were core brands, such as MONOPOLY, TRIVIAL PURSUIT and MAGIC: THE GATHERING trading card games, as well as new innovative products, such as TWISTER MOVES, BULLS-EYE BALL and ELEFUN.

U.S. Toys Revenues up 6.2%
The U.S. Toys business also made substantial improvements in both revenue and operating profit. This year, the segment grew revenues 6.2% to $1.1 billion for the year and operating profit increased 21.6% to $92.0 million. We had strong performance from many toy core brand drivers, such as TRANSFORMERS, which was up 87%, and PLAYSKOOL, which grew 25% in 2003. In addition, we had a number of new introductions that performed well, such as VIDEONOW, and continued strong sales from BEYBLADE and FURREAL FRIENDS.

International
The International segment is an area we targeted to improve in 2003 and we did. Revenues increased 22% to $1.2 billion for the year. Excluding the positive impact of foreign exchange of $127.9 million, revenues increased 8.8% for the year to $1.1 billion. Operating profit increased significantly to $91.3 million, compared with $5.2 million last year. This growth shows the progress we are making in improving our global business. The segment experienced strength in board games and many of our core product lines, including TRANSFORMERS, MAGIC: THE GATHERING trading card games, and PLAYSKOOL. BEYBLADE was also a significant contributor to the segment's performance.

Revenues up 22%

Our success in 2003 was a direct result of delivering on our strategy. In this annual report you will learn about five brands -- TRANSFORMERS, MY LITTLE PONY, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, FURREAL FRIENDS and MONOPOLY -- that illustrate how this strategy is working. Each of the highlighted brands provides a snapshot of how we are growing our toys and games business globally with new, innovative products based on consumer insights; compelling storylines; strategic licensing agreements; and strong, integrated marketing campaigns. We made substantial improvement in our corporate governance efforts in 2003 as well. We split the roles of Chairman and CEO and amended our articles of incorporation to eliminate classification of our Board of Directors through a shareholder vote. In addition since 2001, we have added eight new independent members to our Board, supplementing our expertise in key areas. This year we were delighted to welcome Jack M. Greenberg, former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of McDonald's Corporation, and Jack M. Connors, Jr., Chairman of the full-service marketing communications company, Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos, Inc., to our Board of Directors. Both are very highly respected business leaders. You can be sure that we remain committed to building shareholder value, while conducting ourselves with integrity with all of our constituents.

Our Board of Directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend payable in May of 2004 of $0.06 per common share, an increase from the previous quarterly dividend of $0.03. In closing, our success in 2003 confirmed, once again, that our strategy of growing our core brands and developing new products through innovation is the right one. We have come a long way in improving our earnings, reducing our debt and strengthening our balance sheet.

The good news is...there is much more to come.
We have a strong management team and lots of opportunity to grow and improve profitability going forward as we focus on delivering consistent profitability to you, our shareholders.

Alfred J. Verrecchia President and Chief Executive Officer

Alan G. Hassenfeld Chairman of the Board

