To Our Shareholders,
Two years ago we set out on a strategic course to make Hasbro a more consistently profitable company ­ one better positioned to deliver reliable and sustainable growth. To that end, we focused on improving our earnings, reducing our debt, strengthening our balance sheet, and investing in new product development geared towards growing our core brands. We are pleased to report that in 2002 we continued to make strides in all of these areas, in spite of a very challenging retail and economic environment. We: · Delivered strong earnings excluding certain non-recurring items · Reduced fixed costs and continued to be on track to reduce expenses from 2001 levels by a second $100 million by the end of 2004 · Lessened our dependency on major entertainment licenses · Improved operating margins · Lowered inventories and receivables and increased cash to $495.4 million · Reduced our debt, net of cash, over two years by $684 million or 54% For the year, we reported revenues of $2.8 billion, down marginally compared to 2001. This is consistent with our stated strategy to reduce our dependence on major entertainment licenses and focus on our core brands. Revenues in 2002 were also impacted by a decline in sales of licensed trading card games and robotic pets. These revenue declines were offset somewhat by growth in certain of our core brands which performed well, with revenues from many of those brands up significantly year over year including g.i. joe, transformers, playskool and trivial pursuit. For the year, excluding certain non-recurring items detailed below, net earnings were $106.8 million or $0.62 per diluted share, compared to earnings excluding certain non-recurring items announced last year of $72.1 million or $0.42 per diluted share. On a gaap (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) basis, we reported a net loss of $170.7 million or $0.98 per diluted share, including the cumulative effect of an accounting change of $1.42 per diluted share, compared to net earnings last year of $59.7 million or $0.35 per diluted share. The loss for 2002 was primarily attributable to the adoption of fas 142 "Goodwill and Other Intangibles."

For 2002 results, non-recurring items included a $245.7 million or $1.42 per diluted share, net of tax, non-cash charge as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle related to the adoption of fas 142 "Goodwill and Other Intangibles." In addition non-recurring items included a before and after-tax charge of 4.8 million pounds sterling or approximately U.S. $7.6 million or $0.04 per diluted share, with respect to decisions by the Office of Fair Trading in its investigation of pricing practices of the Company's U.K. subsidiary, as well as a total non-cash, after-tax charge of $31.7 million or $0.18 per diluted share related to the decline in the value of the Company's investment in Infogrames Entertainment SA. Finally, for 2002 non-recurring items included a $7.6 million or $0.04 per diluted share after tax income from interest received from a U.S. tax settlement. For 2001 results, non-recurring items included an after-tax loss of $11.3 million or $0.07 per diluted share, related to the deteriorating business environment in Argentina, as well as a $1.1 million, net of tax, full year cumulative effect of an accounting change that resulted from the implementation of fas 133. Here's how our three principal segments ­ U.S. Toys, Games and International performed in 2002. We are very pleased with the U.S. Toys segment as it registered a 7% increase in revenues. Specifically they posted revenues of $996.5 million for the year and an operating profit that increased significantly year-overyear to $75.7 million, compared with $15.8 million in 2001. U.S. Toys' success was heavily driven by the performance of core product lines like g.i. joe, transformers and playskool, and new introductions, like beyblade and furreal friends, two of the industry's hottest products in 2002. Revenues in the Games segment were $739.8 million for the year, a decline of 8%. Revenue for the year was impacted by the decline in licensed trading card games and electronic games. However, retail sales of board games in our top five U. S. accounts continued to do well, with double-digit increases for the year. In addition, the adult category was up significantly at retail, led by the success of trivial pursuit 20th anniversary edition. The Games segment continued to be profitable, with full year operating profit of $124.5 million compared to $156.1 million in 2001. International segment revenues were $970.8 million for the year, a decline of 3%. For the full year, this represents a decline of 6% in local currency. Revenue for the year was impacted by the decline in licensed trading card games and electronic toys. However, the segment experienced strength in sales of certain core product lines including transformers, play-doh, micro machines and magic: the gathering trading card games. While the segment continued to be profitable, International will be one of the areas where we expect to see meaningful improvement in 2003.

We also announced a favorable re-negotiation of our star wars license and warrant agreements with Lucas Licensing, which includes a ten-year extension of the license expected to run to the year 2018 and an $85 million reduction in the minimum guarantee. This extension provides us with a real economic benefit by allowing us to continue to build and expand on the industry's most successful licensed property for many years to come. Importantly, Lucas and the Cartoon Network just announced the production of 20 animated shorts, each about three minutes in length, that will bridge the story lines between star wars: episode ii ­ attack of the clones and episode iii. Before we close, we would like to mention how delighted we are with the two newest members of our Board of Directors, Ted Philip and Basil Anderson. Both Ted, who is a board member of Terra Networks, and Basil, who is vice chairman at Staples, Inc., are very successful and highly respected business leaders. Their addition is just the latest step in our ongoing transformation of our Board of Directors to help us meet the challenges posed by our fast-moving, highly competitive industry. In just two years, we have added a total of six new members to our Board, supplementing the expertise we can draw upon. All six of our new members are independent, reinforcing our commitment to good corporate governance. Our focus in 2003 and beyond, centers on generating revenue growth by emphasizing our powerful portfolio of core brands through increased advertising and promotional spending, in addition to creating new, innovative products. We remain committed to improving our earnings, reducing our debt and strengthening our balance sheet. The strategic course we set two years ago is still relevant today and you can expect us to remain focused on delivering consistent profitability to you, our shareholders.

Alan G. Hassenfeld Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Alfred J. Verrecchia President and Chief Operating Officer

