 Dear Fellow Shareholder:
2014 was a good year for our company. As a team, and with your support, we are executing our strategic game plan to Create the World’s Best Play Experiences. This transformation from a toy
and game company to an
organization delivering
global brand experiences
is delivering results. It has required change, letting go of behaviors and activities that were no longer adding value
to instead focus on building new competencies and skillsets that make us relevant to today’s consumers. Our 2014
results reflect the positive impact of this transformation and demonstrate the power of understanding our consumers
and audiences by garnering great consumer insights to drive innovation and build brands globally. Superior retail execution, compelling storytelling and global consumer engagement across mediums further strengthen our company.
As Bill Gates once wrote, “we always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten.” As we reflect on the past 10 years and the work we have done to transform Hasbro, this sentiment has proven to be true. Looking forward, we expect it to remain true as we continue to execute our strategy.
For the year 2014, our focus on consumers and innovation delivered revenue growth of 5% to $4.3 billion and adjusted operating profit growth of 7% to $639 million1. Our business grew across segments, geographies and Franchise Brands, as well as with several key partner brands. Investments in new markets, global teams and new capabilities and systems
annual report

 enabled this performance and our ongoing focus toward lowering costs and maximizing profitability is delivering results.
We ended the year in a strong financial position, generating $454 million in operating cash flow during the year and with $893 million of cash on
the balance sheet. After investing back into our business, which remains our top priority, our financial strength enabled us to return $678 million to you, our shareholders, through our dividend and share repurchase program. In early 2015, based on the strength of our business the Board increased the quarterly dividend 7% to $0.46 per share, and authorized an additional $500 million for share repurchases. Through our commitment to returning excess cash to shareholders, we have returned
143% of net earnings through dividends and share repurchases over the past five years.
As we have outlined for you in previous years, everything we do at Hasbro begins with our Brand Blueprint. Our execution of the blueprint drove these strong 2014 results and provides the framework for our actions going forward. The blueprint informs and guides our investments, our decision-making and our behaviors. Consumer insights and storytelling surround our brands and sit at the center of our Brand Blueprint. It serves not only as a strategic roadmap, but is also a key element that differentiates Hasbro in a competitive global marketplace.
our Brands are the organizing principle
Today, brands are serving as the organizing principle for consumers around the world. To maximize the long-term returns for Hasbro shareholders, we focus on driving the development of bigger, more global brands, which hold the greatest revenue and profit potential. These are our Franchise Brands: LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS. Six of these seven brands grew in 2014. LITTLEST PET SHOP, the one brand which did not grow, was relaunched in the second half of the year and is off to a good start in many markets.
As a result of our increased investment in and focus on these brands, Franchise Brand revenues
grew 31% and represented 55% of total 2014 Hasbro revenues. This growth was driven by story- led brands including MY LITTLE PONY
and TRANSFORMERS, but also from innovation based firmly in our global consumer insights for brands including NERF and PLAY-DOH. Several Franchise Brands posted their highest-ever annual revenues—MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF and PLAY-DOH. The theatrical release of TransformErs: agE of ExTinCTion, 2014’s highest-grossing film at the global box office, drove strong growth in TRANSFORMERS revenues for the year.
Given their global potential, our Franchise Brands remain a top priority for our teams. We are also cultivating many additional and potentially significant Hasbro brands, including PLAYSKOOL, FURREAL FRIENDS, BABY ALIVE and many of our games brands. At the same time, we are developing new brands and innovations within our portfolio.
In addition to our efforts to build Hasbro’s own brands, select premium partner brands complete our portfolio across consumer groups and geographies. In 2014, great storytelling and content, supported by
                                                                  annual report
   
 product innovation, propelled MARVEL properties to higher levels behind the AVENGERS, SPIDER-MAN and the GUARDIANS OF THE GALAxY franchises.
Looking ahead, our partner brands will continue to be informed by compelling entertainment. In 2015 alone, this includes the May release of ThE avEngErs: agE of UlTron, the June release of JUrassiC World and the December release of sTar Wars: ThE forCE aWakEns. We have only just entered what promises to be an unprecedented era of boys’ entertainment, with major films planned from now through 2019.
We also expanded our relationship with The Walt Disney Company in 2014, announcing a new strategic merchandising relationship with Disney Consumer Products for DISNEY PRINCESS and FROzEN properties. The agreement gives Hasbro global rights (excluding Japan) to develop dolls based on DISNEY PRINCESS stories and characters as well as FROzEN beginning in 2016. The entire Hasbro team is looking forward to providing consumers with inventive new play experiences based on the beloved DISNEY PRINCESS and FROzEN characters and stories.
Building Strong Brands across Consumer Groups
Our strategic thought leadership and innovation has led to the steady growth of our Girls’ business over the past several years, demonstrating that we have a true understanding of how today’s girls want to play. MY LITTLE PONY, NERF REBELLE and PLAY- DOH DOHVINCI fueled our second consecutive year of revenues greater than $1 billion and drove 2% revenue growth in our Girls category.
At the same time, our history of delivering the best play experiences for boys remained central
to our success. NERF, TRANSFORMERS and the MARVEL properties propelled our Boys category revenues for the year, which increased by 20% from 2013. In a competitive market, our brands, product innovation and the stories they tell stand out and capture the imagination of boys around the world.
Our ongoing development of a more contemporary and relevant Games business
continued in 2014. MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY revenues both increased, as did revenue for several of our other brands, including SIMON and the GAME OF LIFE.
Over the past few years, we have invested in building our gaming capabilities in both analog and digital platforms, including new gaming experiences across our portfolio and investments in the digital platform for MAGIC: THE GATHERING. We continue to build MAGIC: THE GATHERING as a compelling brand experience for our players, and there remains significant growth opportunity globally. 2014 marked the sixth straight year of revenue growth for MAGIC: THE GATHERING.
annual report

            Brand Blueprint execution
In 2010, we relaunched MY LITTLE PONY behind all-new television
entertainment that now airs around the globe in 180 territories and is streamed on multiple digital platforms. Extending a period of growth that has seen the brand’s revenue increase every year since 2011, MY LITTLE PONY had a record year in 2014, with more than $1 billion in global retail sales.
Entertainment is fueling strong performance in many international regions. The MY LITTLE PONY brand has become truly global, and now generates more than half of its revenues outside the U.S.
MY LITTLE PONY is also reaching a broader demographic today than in years past, due in large part to the combined success of friEndshiP is magiC, which appeals to audiences beyond young girls, and the brand extension, EQUESTRIA GIRLS, which has expanded the brand’s story and product lines.
In 2015, we are bringing these great characters to a younger audience with the MY LITTLE PONY PLAYSKOOL FRIENDS line. Designed for 1-3 year olds, Millennium Moms who grew up with MY LITTLE PONY will have the opportunity to share this brand with their youngest children.
In addition, the popularity of our
MY LITTLE PONY content is also driving significant growth of our licensing programs around the world. Last year was our biggest year ever for MY LITTLE PONY licensing. Today, MY LITTLE PONY licensed products— from apparel and comic books to health & beauty and sleepwear—are sold in every major market around the world.
The success of MY LITTLE PONY has been built by executing the Brand Blueprint, a formula which is repeatable across brands and geographies.
 Despite a slight revenue decline in 2014, brought about in part by declines in our partner brand
ANGRY BIRDS, and our brands, DUEL MASTERS and TWISTER, our core gaming brands and our approach to gaming, including our retail execution, have evolved and strengthened significantly over the past few years. We are well positioned to continue driving innovative gaming experiences for global consumers.
Finally, Preschool category revenues declined 4% in 2014. Throughout the year, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS performed very well, but were offset by declines in core PLAYSKOOL
                                                annual report
        
 and our partner brand SESAME STREET. In Preschool, we are focused on Hasbro Franchise Brands and story-led initiatives where we believe we can differentiate our offerings and deliver higher profitability. While revenue has declined, today’s revenue commands a higher margin, and our Preschool category profitability is growing.
Storytelling
As evidenced by the success of MY LITTLE PONY, TRANSFORMERS and MARVEL properties, it is clear that stories are differentiating brands, and industry data supports this trend.
At Hasbro, we are using great stories and great characters to drive innovation in all we
do. Entertainment and storytelling are integral components of every brand. We invest in entertainment across platforms, including digital shorts, television, home entertainment and feature films. Stories can be also be told through a mobile game, on a tablet or online, or woven through social media.
From 2012 to 2014, entertainment-based
toy revenues in the U.S. grew at a 7% compound annual growth rate, while non- entertainment toys remained essentially flat.3
Hasbro Studios is developing much of this global content for Hasbro brands. To date, the studio has green-lit more than 1,250 half hours of original programming, including hit and award-winning series based on Hasbro brands, such as MY LITTLE PONY, TRANSFORMERS and LITTLEST PET SHOP. These programs air on networks around the world, on streaming services and in home entertainment. Since forming the studio, we have spent more than $260 million in cash to develop programming, which in turn has delivered more than $1 billion in television-backed merchandise sales.
To further the reach and impact of our content, in 2014 we unveiled our new film label, ALLSPARK PICTURES. ALLSPARK is an evolutionary step in
our entertainment strategy that allows us greater control of the film-making process and increased opportunities to reach multiple audiences.
We will continue to work with major film studio partners on larger-budget films, including both the TRANSFORMERS and G.I. JOE movie franchises, but will create more modestly budgeted films through ALLSPARK PICTURES, where and when it makes economic sense.
In October 2015, our first film under the ALLSPARK PICTURES label, JEm and ThE holograms, will be released in partnership with Universal Pictures. The film will introduce the 1980s pop star and her band to a new generation of girls. In JEm and ThE holograms, four aspiring musicians will take the world by storm when they see that the key to creating one’s
own destiny lies in finding one’s own voice.
In addition, with the global success of MY LITTLE
PONY, we believe this is the right time to bring the story of our “mane” cast to the big screen. We are currently developing a MY LITTLE PONY feature film under the ALLSPARK banner for release in the 2017 timeframe. This project is just underway, and we look forward to updating you on our progress in future communications.
Brand-Driven Consumer engagement
While stories further the reach of our brands, they also fuel our consumers’ desire to experience brands across a broad spectrum of licensed consumer products. Over the past several years, we built our global licensing organization and developed our storytelling capacity to capitalize on this opportunity.
Our Hasbro-owned brands give us access to profitable incremental revenue opportunities in licensing, entertainment and digital gaming. Through the execution of our brands across the blueprint,
we have dramatically expanded the revenue and profit opportunities of these properties. A few select brands, including MONOPOLY and MY LITTLE PONY, are capitalizing on their cultural relevance and broad appeal, delivering a higher percentage of total revenues in the licensing category.
annual report

 In 2014, our consumer licensing efforts delivered our highest revenues ever within the Entertainment and Licensing segment. Revenues in the segment grew 15% year-over-year to $219 million. This segment also carries the highest operating margins across
the Company, and, in 2014, operating profit for Entertainment and Licensing increased 33% to $60.6 million. MY LITTLE PONY and TRANSFORMERS licensing were key contributors to this growth.
engaging Consumers around the Globe
Much of our consumer engagement is happening outside the developed economies. The global execution of our strategy drove International segment revenue growth of 8% in 2014, or 13% on a constant currency basis. Six of seven Hasbro Franchise Brands grew in the International segment.
Our playbook to continue growing in these significant markets includes driving consumer engagement with innovative product lines for Hasbro and partner brands, combined with television and film content distributed across mediums. These elements make our brands more attractive to a growing middle class increasingly shopping for brands. Emerging markets now represent 16% of our total revenues — a significant increase from a few years ago.
2014 emerging markets revenues increased 20% year-over-year while operating profit grew 23%. Despite profitability gains, our emerging markets operating profit of approximately 10% continues
to reflect the investments we are making and the scale to which we are building in these countries.
International growth, however, was not limited to emerging markets. We grew across all major geographic regions, including major markets such as the UK, Italy and Spain, as well as Mexico, which is a developing market for Hasbro.
In the U.S. and Canada segment, actions we have taken over the past several years to reduce inventory, strengthen our channel strategy and enhance our digital and online capabilities have helped return the segment to growth in 2014. This strong execution, coupled with product innovation and content,
resulted in all seven of Hasbro’s Franchise Brands increasing revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment in 2014.
2014 Was not Without Challenges
If we turned the clock back to this time last year, the outlook for Hasbro was strong—and we delivered on that promise. Yet, as is often true in our industry, delivering on that opportunity was not without its challenges.
Total 2014 revenue growth of 5% was broadly based across Franchise and Partner Brands and geographies, but had to compensate for significant declines in both FURBY and BEYBLADE.
As previously mentioned, international revenues grew 8%, but were significantly impacted by the strengthening U.S. dollar. The impact was most pronounced in November and December and
in total, foreign exchange translation reduced reported 2014 revenues by $93 million. Excluding this impact, revenue growth in the International segment would have been greater, at 13%.
Foreign exchange will continue to be a headwind in 2015 to both revenues and profits. In 2014, the shift in currency happened in a very short period of time. It also impacted nearly all currencies we do business in negatively against the U.S. dollar. As a result, we were not able to react and adjust our business model immediately. As we look ahead, we will work to manage the foreign exchange impact on our business as we do all other exogenous factors.
Despite these headwinds, the momentum in our brands in 2014, combined with innovative products, engaging marketing campaigns and compelling entertainment, positions us well for 2015.
leadership for the Future
As our business expands, it is imperative that
we have the best talent and strongest leadership guiding the evolution of our organization. Our mission is to Create the World’s Best Play Experiences. The best play experiences stand apart, delivering joy, creativity and connection around the world and across generations.
             annual report
   
 At Hasbro, our success is measured not only by our results, but also by how we achieve those results. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is a critical
part of Hasbro’s approach to doing business, and we are incredibly proud of the work that our teams are doing every day to think differently, act responsibly and come up with smarter and more sustainable ways to run our operations.
In 2014, we published our 2013 CSR report, which provides a detailed look at the progress Hasbro
made in our three key CSR priorities—product safety, environmental responsibility, and ethical sourcing—in addition to other focus areas including human rights, diversity and inclusion, global philanthropy and more. We continue to make tremendous progress towards our goals, and we encourage you to review this report in detail at www.hasbro.com/csr.
Our second
annual Global Day
of Joy took place on December 4, 2014,
and Team Hasbro employees in 33 countries volunteered with more than
100 charitable organizations to
make a difference through the power of volunteerism. This day capped off a year in which Hasbro provided more than $13 million in total philanthropic support, impacting more than three million children worldwide.
As a result of these
efforts, we were recently
named a World’s Most
Ethical Company by
the Ethisphere Institute for the fourth consecutive year; one of Corporate responsibility magazine’s 100 Best Corporate Citizens for the third straight year;
and, for the third consecutive year, one of America’s most community-minded companies in The Civic 50, an initiative of Points of Light, in partnership with Bloomberg LP.
Our efforts in CSR and in our communities are further guided by the principals and leadership
of our executive management team. In 2014, we strengthened this team in a number of ways at both the management and Board level.
In October, John Frascotti was promoted to
the newly-created position of President, Hasbro Brands. In this new role, John assumed the additional responsibility of worldwide product development, and now oversees all of the Company’s global marketing and design and development teams. By
combining the marketing and development teams, we will streamline decision-making to further drive innovation,
operational efficiency and collaboration.
Duncan Billing assumed the role of Executive Vice President, Chief Global
Operations and Business Development Officer. In this new role, he is leveraging
his 25 years of marketing, development and worldwide operations experience
to identify new revenue streams, including new platforms and brands that leverage the Company’s strengths, while continuing to lead Hasbro’s global manufacturing, sourcing and supply chain activities.
We also added three new, highly talented individuals to our Board of
Directors in 2014: Richard Stoddart, Chief Executive Officer, Leo Burnett North America, Michael Burns, Vice Chairman of Lionsgate, and Linda zecher,
annual report

 President and Chief Executive Officer of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company. Richard, Michael and Linda bring tremendous leadership and relevant expertise to our Board.
At the same time, we are saying good-bye to several significant contributors to Hasbro’s success. Al Verrecchia, Chairman of Hasbro and previously our President and CEO, is retiring from the Board of Directors in May after 50 years with the Company. Additionally, after 32 years, David Hargreaves, most recently Chief Strategy Officer but previously Hasbro’s Chief Operating Officer and, prior to that, our Chief Financial Officer, retired
in February 2015. It is impossible to effectively sum up the many contributions Al and David have made to our Company, but it is clear they will be missed. We wish them tremendous success in their retirement.
Finally, at this year’s annual meeting, primarily due to the attainment of retirement age, several other current Board members will not be standing for re-election. Frank Biondi, Jr., Jack Connors, Jr., Michael Garrett and Jack Greenberg will end their service with Hasbro. We thank each of them for their tremendous contributions and guidance during their time with Hasbro.
Creating the World’s Best play experiences
We know that, to Create the World’s Best Play Experiences, we have to enthrall, delight and entice our consumers to connect, engage and spend more time with our brands. With a laser focus on our consumers and a vision for the future, we continue to eliminate behaviors that no longer support
the Company that we are becoming. We continue to redeploy and redirect resources where we need to in order to deliver value for our brands, our company and our shareholders, both now and in the future. We will strive to be the first choice for customers, consumers and partners globally.
Informed by the tens of thousands of conversations we have with our global consumers annually, our Brand Blueprint continues to serve as the strategic roadmap for unlocking the value in our brands and our company, to ultimately deliver superior long-term returns for our shareholders.
Thank you for your continued support and belief in the Hasbro team and the opportunities ahead for our company.
Sincerely,
               Brian D. Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer alfred J. Verrecchia, Chairman of the Board
 1 Reported 2014 operating profit increased 36%. 2014 adjusted operating profit excludes a $2.3 million royalty credit and $6.1 million charge associated with restructuring. 2013 adjusted operating profit excludes charges of $36.7 million associated with restructuring, $7.0 million of related pension costs, $61.1 million associated with the settlement of an adverse arbitration award and $40.6 million of charges related to certain non-strategic brands.
2 The NPD Group/Retail Tracking Service/Dollars. Games excluding Strategic Trading Card Games.
3 U.S., U.K., France, Germany, Spain, Italy, Poland; The NPD Group/Retail Tracking Service. Entertainment as defined by Hasbro.
    annual report
   