TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2008 was a year of expansion and investment for Hasbro. While the global economic environment was extremely challenging and consumer spending retrenched dramatically, Hasbro held its own. As a result, Hasbro grew revenues for the fourth consecutive year, and, for the eighth consecutive year, grew earnings per share.

COMMITMENT TO LONGER-TERM STRATEGY ENABLES GROWTH
Our commitment to Hasbro's long-term strategy and the strong execution of our teams globally enabled us to grow our business in 2008 while creating sustainable competitive advantages for the long term. Specifically, we executed against the key elements of our strategy: · Re-invent and re-imagine Hasbro's core brands; · Expand and drive Hasbro brands into digital gaming; · Make our brands more meaningful by bringing them to life via lifestyle licensing and publishing; · Expand and contemporize our brands by delivering the right entertainment and immersive brand experience for every consumer and audience; and · Execute globally, including in our emerging markets business. To bring our strategy to life, we created and instituted a new global marketing and product development organization. Through this global approach, we are gaining a deeper understanding of consumers so that we can create and provide immersive brand experiences that are rewarding, entertaining and globally relevant.

FINANCIAL STRENGTH
After a very strong first nine months of 2008, Hasbro was negatively impacted during the fourth quarter by both the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies as well as the broad-based economic downturn experienced in most markets in which we operate. We worked with our retail customers to put promotional programs in place with the goal of both driving sales as well as managing inventory at retail given the weakening demand. However, these actions resulted in reduced operating margins during the fourth quarter and were the major factor in the reduction of our full-year operating margin to 12.3% in 2008 from 13.5% in 2007. Despite the impact of the economic conditions, we grew revenue in the fourth quarter, absent the impact of foreign exchange rate changes, as well as for the full year, and we entered 2009 with high quality inventory in the channel. Our balance sheet is strong and we ended the year with $630 million in cash after generating $593 million in cash flow from operations during the year. Over the past 5 years, we have generated an average of approximately $475 million of cash from operating activities per year. In 2008, we invested more than $60 million in new growth opportunities, namely digital initiatives, emerging markets and entertainment, and $146 million to acquire CRANIUM and the worldwide rights to TRIVIAL PURSUIT. Additionally, we returned $467 million to shareholders through both our dividend program, increasing the quarterly dividend 25% to $0.20 per share in February 2008, and repurchasing 11.7 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $358 million in 2008. We also repaid $135 million in maturing debt. Hasbro's financial strength provides us with a solid foundation upon which we are building our business and our medium-term financial targets remain in place. Specifically, we believe we can deliver revenue growth in a range of 3% to 5% on average over time and improve operating margin to 15% of revenues.

GROWTH ACROSS CATEGORIES
Our focus on core brands, supported by continued investments in marketing and product development, drove full-year revenue growth of 5% with solid gains in the Boys, Girls, Preschool and Tween categories. Behind strong brands and new innovation, our board games grew as well. Driven by core Hasbro and key licensed brands, our Boys business grew 6% in 2008 to $1.1 billion. TRANSFORMERS remained very strong in 2008 and exhibited the lowest percent revenue decline in the year after a movie of any of our boys' entertainment properties launched in the last ten years. It is a strong position upon which we can build. In 2009, Hasbro teams with DreamWorks and Paramount Pictures for the second film of the TRANSFORMERS franchise, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. The sequel to the tremendously successful 2007 film delivers on-screen action with the same great cast and three times the number of robots as the original, all backed by innovative product and global retail execution. In 2009, Hasbro is also partnering with Paramount Pictures for the global theatrical debut of G.I. JOE in G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra. Together, these films showcase the potential of Hasbro's brands as they come to life in movie theatres around the world. In our licensed brands, we will continue to leverage strategic relationships with Lucas and Marvel for the better part of the next decade. Lucasfilm and Hasbro have a rich and successful history and this relationship will continue at a minimum through 2018. In 2008, Lucasfilm made the transition to television with the very successful animated series, Star Wars: The Clone Wars on Cartoon Network. Supported by this innovative and exciting new entertainment, Hasbro's Star Wars line delivered significant growth in 2008. Star Wars: The Clone Wars will serve as a foundational element for both Lucasfilm and Hasbro in the coming years, and Lucasfilm has made a long-term commitment to animation, with studios currently operating in Marin County, CA and Singapore. The second season of the hit animated series will debut in Fall 2009. Marvel brands, supported by theatrical releases of IRON MAN and THE INCREDIBLE HULK, as well as continued animation for SPIDER-MAN, also continued to perform very well for Hasbro in 2008. In 2009, we are bringing to market a line of products based on the release of the movie, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, as well as great classic lines based on SPIDER-MAN, IRON MAN, SUPER HERO SQUAD and the MARVEL UNIVERSE. With two successful years of our initial five-year deal completed, Hasbro and Marvel announced in early 2009 that Hasbro has retained the rights through 2017 to make toys and games based on new Marvel theatrical releases, Columbia Pictures SPIDER-MAN theatrical releases, and on Marvel's globally popular portfolio of Super Hero brands. We are excited about the tremendous potential Marvel's universe of more than 5,000 characters and SPIDER-MAN'S film and television properties provide Hasbro. Our Girls category once again delivered strong results, growing 13% to $791 million in 2008 and continuing the rapid expansion of Hasbro brands with girls that began in 2000 when annual revenues were less than $60 million. LITTLEST PET SHOP is a cornerstone of our girls offering and led these gains in 2008 with a 26% increase in revenue. In 2009, core Hasbro brands provide the foundation for our Girls line. First, girls will reconnect with collecting with LITTLEST PET SHOP. Second, we are bringing to market new, re-invented lines of MY LITTLE PONY and BABY ALIVE. Third, FURREAL FRIENDS delivers realistic "come to life" animal experiences including ZAMBI THE BABY ELEPHANT, a special edition plush toy whose sale will help children who have been orphaned by AIDS in Africa. Finally, STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE, from American Greetings, makes a return to our lineup with a whole new entry in 2009.

Also growing double digits in 2008, the Preschool category increased 11% to $481 million, with continued strength from the PLAYSKOOL brand and IN THE NIGHT GARDEN. The Tweens category benefited from a very strong year for NERF, which grew more than 50% in 2008 and nearly threefold over the past three years, along with a solid revenue contribution from I-DOG. In total, the Tween category increased 7% in 2008 to $270 million. Celebrating its 40th year in 2009, NERF will join the Boys category with several exciting new initiatives, including establishing Dart Tag as the next generation sport and introducing the new N-Force sword segment, as well as expanding into new geographic territories. Finally, our globally renowned board games business grew 2% in 2008 within the Games and Puzzles category, which was flat for the year at $1.3 billion. Games brands targeted for reinvention in 2008, including MONOPOLY and SCRABBLE, produced several successful new product introductions; we launched PICTUREKA globally; and we re-launched our Family Game Night marketing program ­ with an emphasis on bringing families together with great games at a great value proposition. This campaign will continue in 2009, in a manner that encourages our consumers to play our games in any form or format, anytime or anywhere, from digital to analog.

IMMERSIVE BRAND EXPERIENCES ­ ANYTIME, ANYWHERE
Expanding our brands into Digital Games is a key element of our strategy and our relationship with Electronic Arts (EA) is off to an impressive start. The early success of this partnership supports our belief that Hasbro brands are a tremendous fit for the casual gaming market, in particular on the fast-growing Nintendo Wii and DS platforms. In 2008, we launched nearly 30 games across console, handheld, mobile, iPod, iPhone and online platforms. LITTLEST PET SHOP, NERF, MONOPOLY, SCRABBLE, SORRY, YAHTZEE and other great Hasbro brands found new life at the fingertips of our consumers. In 2009, our partnership with EA is expected to deliver more games across more platforms than in 2008, with new games based on Hasbro brands, including LITTLEST PET SHOP, SCRABBLE, TRIVIAL PURSUIT, and CRANIUM. EA will also bring to market an all new video game based on the movie release of G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra and Activision will continue its successful TRANSFORMERS video game offerings with the launch of the Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen video game. When our consumers are not playing with Hasbro brands, they can still experience Hasbro via our lifestyle licensing and publishing efforts. Through our robust global licensing program, Hasbro brands permeate our consumers' day to day lives in a number of categories including publishing, apparel, party goods, and back to school. So every child can go to school with, celebrate with, and dress head to toe with their favorite Hasbro brands. Developing immersive entertainment experiences based on Hasbro brands is the next core element of our strategy. In 2008, we took this to a new level when we joined with Universal Pictures in a strategic partnership to develop and deliver at least four motion pictures based on Hasbro brands by 2014. The first movie is expected in either 2010 or 2011, and we have engaged a number of highly regarded producers, directors and screenwriters to develop several possible projects based on Hasbro brands, including MONOPOLY, CANDY LAND, STRETCH ARMSTRONG, OUIJA, CLUE, and BATTLESHIP. For the MONOPOLY project, Ridley Scott has signed on as director and we are also excited that Pam Pettler is writing the screenplay. Steve Oedekerk has come on to write STRETCH ARMSTRONG and Etan Cohen is writing CANDY LAND with Kevin Lima directing. We are excited about the tremendous talent that is getting behind our Hasbro brands.

Finally, the execution of our strategy is global in scope, including our increasing efforts in emerging markets ­ where our presence is small but growing quickly and our brands resonate with consumers. In 2008, growth in the key emerging markets we targeted for expansion, i.e., Russia, the Czech Republic, Brazil, Korea, and China, exceeded our expectations with many of our core brands performing well. Our continued investment in these markets will contribute to our growth over the next several years as our teams establish Hasbro brands and we leverage the investments made in 2008 as well as the global expansion of our retail partners.

LEADERSHIP
Our 2008 accomplishments highlight the success of the team's execution of our strategy, a strategy first envisioned in 2001 with the decision to focus on Hasbro core brands. This decision is one Al Verrecchia, now Chairman of Hasbro's Board of Directors, is intimately familiar with. In 2008, after a highly successful run as Hasbro's President and Chief Executive Officer, Al retired from his day to day role at Hasbro. Al's dedication to Hasbro's long-term success and his commitment to develop strong leadership across the organization enabled a seamless transition not only for the President and Chief Executive Officer role but also for the Chief Operating Officer role, which David Hargreaves added to his existing role as Chief Financial Officer. Al has long provided tremendous guidance to Hasbro and as Chairman will continue to bring his industry knowledge and expertise to our Board. Hasbro's Board has also been bolstered this year with the addition of Tracy Leinbach, a former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Ryder System, Inc. Tracy brings more than 20 years experience in operational and financial management positions. Additionally, Hasbro benefited from the insight and experience of Kenneth Bronfin, President of Hearst Interactive Media, who joined the Hasbro Board in early 2008. Ken has been an invaluable resource as we tap the full potential of our brands as immersive entertainment experiences.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
At Hasbro, nothing is more important than the safety and well-being of the children who enjoy our products. Corporate social responsibility is the responsibility that we, as a global corporation, have to the people that develop, manufacture and sell our products, the children and families that use our products, and the communities and environment we live and work in. It is an integral part of how we conduct our business, make decisions, and set our priorities. Our sustainability, quality and philanthropy efforts are at the center of this responsibility and we encourage you to remain up to date on these important initiatives via our website, http://www.hasbro.com/corporate/corporate-social-responsibility/. In closing, our dedication and commitment to our long-term strategy remains the driving force for our global teams. While the environment may be difficult, the opportunity to bring Hasbro brands to new consumers, in new geographies, via new immersive mediums remains compelling and in 2009 and beyond we will continue to deliver those experiences with innovation and value that resonate with our consumers and generate long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you for your continued support of Hasbro and we look forward to sharing our future success with you.

BRIAN GOLDNER

President and Chief Executive Officer

ALFRED J. VERRECCHIA
Chairman of the Board

