To	our	shareholders,

2005 was a very good year for Hasbro and represented a continuation of our improving financial performance during the past  five  years. In 2005, we increased revenues, delivered strong earnings, and further strengthened our balance
sheet. We accomplished all of this  in what  continued to be a challenging environment.  In recogn1t1on  of this strong performance, our Board of Directors announced a 33% increase in our quarterly d1v1dend to   $0.12  per  share, the  highest  quarterly  div dend  1n Hasbro's history.

As we build on this success in 2006, we have implemented a new organizational approach that we believe will improve our go to market cap abil it i es
and provide more opportunities for growth. Ear li er  in  2006,  we  announced  the  promotion  of Brian Goldner to Chief Operating Officer. One of his responsibilities 1s leading  our  r ecent  ly formed North American business segment, which co mbine s our  U.S. Toys and Games, Canada and Mexico operations. In addition, he 1s d r ect i ng our worldwide product deve lo pm ent  efforts and our global supply chain. Brian 1s clear l y one of the most creative and talented ex ecut ive s
in  the	business and 1 s a l eader in bringing innovation and growth to our industry.


We  drove  our  business  1n  four  primary  ways  in  2005. These  continue  to  be  our  key  areas  of strategic focus as we st r i ve to deliver another successful year in 2006. They incl ud e:
•	M ax im 1 z1n  g  strategic  licensing  opportunities
•	Driving core brand growth
Enhancing play patterns with technology and innovation
•	Remaining  a  leader  in  the  growing  and  significant  tween  segment


By concentrating on these key areas, we continued  to  make  strides  in  building  on  the  strong financial fo und at i o n we have established during the past  five  years. In  2005, revenues  increased 3% to $3.1 bil lio n and diluted earnings per share increased 14% to $1.09. Excluding the
$25.8 million, or $0.1 3 per share, impact from taxes on the repatriation of foreign earn ing s, diluted earnings per share increased 27% to $1.22. In addition, operating cash flow increased significantly to $496.6 miiIi on.

Let's look at how our strategy is driving our business.
 

Maximizing Strategic Licensing Opportunities

Our revenue growth for 2005 was driven
pr i nc i pa ll y by the e x ce ll e nt performance of our STAR WARS line of p ro d u c t s. For the year, STAR WARS generated $494. 1 m illi o n in revenue,
in c l u d i n g co-branded products like the STAR WARS ed1t1on of the  MONOPOLY  game  and our very own DARTH TATER. STAR WARS 1 s an
e xa m p l e  of	Hasbro at ts very  best.  as  measured  by everything from product development,
_ marketing and retail distribution, to our coll a bo r at io   n  with   Lucasfilm.  STAR  WARS remains  a  valued  and   long-term   strategic li ce ns e for Hasbro and we expect 1t to
contribute meaningfully to our business 1n 2006 and beyond .

Clearly STAR WARS has proven we can maximize an opportunity with the right license at the right t i m e . We believe our
new y announced agreement with Marvel 1s  another  example  of  a  strategic  l 1 ce n s1 ng
opportunity. Through this agreement, we have acquired rights to develop toys and games based on Marvel's renowned Super Hero franchises, such as SPIDER-MAN, FANTASTIC FOUR, X-MEN and CAPTAIN AMERICA.

In  2006 we w	be expanding  our  Nickelodeon  range of games with a broader line based on the  strength  of their portfolio of the hottest and best loved preschool
characters, including the introduction of the SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS edition of MONOPOLY, an 1nnovat1ve game with breakthrough p ac k ag i ng .
 

Driving Core Brand Growth

In 2005  we  continued  to  invest  in our core brands by  re  nventing them to make them relevant to today's consumers. Our  girls'  business  was up significantly on a  global  basis, with strong performances from core
brands, including LITTLEST PET SHOP and MY LITTLE PONY. Another
core brand, NERF, had an excellent year,
with revenues up 70%. We have a great de a l
of innovation going on within our PLAYSKOOL brand as  well  with  products  that  he l p  infants and preschoolers learn, grow and develop, w h il e providing parents with ideas for p ay 1 ng and
connecting with their children. These are all good examples of how our strategy of ntroduc1ng innovative products under exist ng brands 1 s being successfully executed.

Although our boys' action figure business, other than STAR WARS, was down for the year, there was good news in this category as we closed 2005. We had a successful fourth quarter launch of our new
G.I. JOE SIGMA SIX l i ne ,  which  we  expect  to  be  one of our  growth  brands  for  200 6. TRANSFORMERS  had  a solid year and 1 s a maior p r i o  r it  y for  us  in  2006, as we build up to the  much-anticipated  2007  scheduled release of the live act i on TRANSFORMERS film
from DreamWorks P ctures and Paramount Pictures. ACTION MAN'S A.T.O.M. brand, our new European action  figure,  was  launched 1n  the	fourth     quarter with good  television  ratings,  and  we  expect  1t  to  do well in 2006.
 

In 2005  the  results  were  mixed  in  our  global  games bus ine ss . The international board game business delivered strong revenue growth of 5% for the  year,  helped by the success of MONOPOLY  HERE  AND NOW throughout Europe. However, revenues 1n our
U.S. games  business  were  down  year  over  year.  W h il e the traditional board game  business  both  d o me st i ca ll y and  internationally  continued  to  deliver  ope rat  i ng margins in the h gh teens,  these  margins  were  offset  by  poor performance in the plug and play electronic game
category and  overall  softness  i n  trad  ng  card  game  sales. We  are  very  focused  on   improving   the   performance   of the U.S. games bus ness i n 2006.

Enhancing Play Patterns with Technology and Innovation

In 2005 we continued  to  enhance  t rad it i on a l  pl ay patterns  with  technology  and 1 nnov  at 1 o  n,  and  in  2006 we  will  do  more  of  the   same  by  bri ng i ng   to   market two new learning p l at fo r ms. The PLAYSKOOL ION EDUCATIONAL GAMING SYSTEM uses act i ve p l ay to engage and provide an early learning fo und at i o n, and
T.J. BEARYTALES provides a un·que 1 nt e ract 1 ve learning
experience with  an  animated  friend  who  entertains and teaches through a collection of a n i mat ed t a l e s.
Our  expertise  in   an i mat   ro n1 cs  technology  1s resulting 1n exciting new innovations, 1 nc l ud ng
BUTTERSCOTCH MY FURREAL FRIENDS
PONY, which will amaze ki ds and ad u l t s alike  with  her  le  vel  of  realism.

The   application   of   technology    to enhance game play  is  another  way  we intend to  drive  our  games  bus  ness  in 2006, with i nt ro d uct i ons like CLUE DVD
 






and DESIGNER'S WORLD, a plug and pl ay game where g i rl s can design and  market  their  own fashion products.

Remaining a Leader in the Tween Segment

During  the  last  several  years,  Hasbro  has  led  the way  1n  understanding   the   value   and   potential   of the tween co n sum e r. We were among the first to re cogn i ze  the   s1 gn 1f1 ca nce   of  t h i s  target  gro  up ,  and our speed to market and unique i nno vat i ons have established Hasbro as a clear market leader 1 n the
growing  and   important   category   of   tween   consumer e le ct ro n i cs . The depth and  strength  of  our  li  ne resulted in numerous awards in 2005, i n c ud in g
I-DOG, FURBY and VCAMNOW be ng named to the Toy Wishes Hot  Dozen.  I-DOG  also  appeared in Time magaz in e's special i ss ue , "Most Amaz in g Inventions of 2005." We had a number of other strong performers as well, including CHATNOW
and  ZOOMBOX.  In  2006,  we  intend  to optimize
opportunities 1n  the	newly-created  tween  electronics	(
section of many ret a il e rs by introducing innovative
new  products.  Coming  up  for  2006 are TWISTER	(
DANCE DVD, I-CAT, MINI I- DO G, and the national
launch  of  ZOOMBOX,  a  portable  and  easy to  use	e)
entertainment projector that plays DVDs, CDs and connects to most gaming syst e ms .

Entering New Categories

We also know that in order to grow we need to enter  new  cat ego r ie  s. One  of our  first  new entries will be in the oral care aisle with  our  new TOOTH TUNES  musical  toothbrush, wh i ch  uses patented de nt a- ma nd i bu l a r sound transm1ss on technology to give kids a fun new way to brush  to  an  effective  c le  a n , and  will  be  h1 t t 1 ng  stores  later  in  200 6.
 

Governance

In terms of  board  governance,  we  continued  to  add  expertise  to  our  Board  of  Directors  with the addition of our newest independent director, Michael Garrett, formerly an Executive Vice President of Nestle S.A. Michael  has  extensive  international  consumer  product  experience,  and we are looking forward to his guidance as we seek to continue to grow on a global basis.

On  a  sadder  note,  we  lost  our  good  friend,  long-time  board  member,  and  our  Presiding Director, Eli Segal, to cancer in early 2006. He was  a  remarkable  individual  who  made  a tremendous difference through his  immense  contributions  to  the  community,  the  government sector, the business world, and to Hasbro. He left behind  a  tremendous  legacy  that  won't  be forgotten  as  others  help  to  further  the  causes  he  so  generously  contributed  to.  He  will  be greatly missed by all of us at Hasbro.

At  Hasbro,  corporate  social  responsibility  continues  to  be  very  important.  We  are  active with the International Council of Toy Industries (ICTI) CARE Process in driving ethical manufacturing. We continue to be involved with the communities in which we live. and work. Through  our  charitable  grants  and  in-kind  product  donations,  we  have  helped  to  improve the lives of millions of children who were impacted by tragedies like the Asian Tsunami and Hurricane Katrina. We will continue to do our part 1n 2006 in  helping  to  make  the  world  a better place.

While our industry is undoubtedly changing, it is still a wonderful business  with  many opportunities. Toys and games hold a special place in consumers'  hearts  and are  as relevant  as ever. We are committed to making the necessary investments  to  ensure  that  we  successfully evolve and remain an  industry  leader.  Our  focus  continues  to  be  on  generating  strong  cash flow, improving profitability, and creating greater value for our shareholders.

 
Sincerely,


OfA	V
Alfred J. Verrecchia
President and Chief Executive Officer
 






Alan G. Hassenfeld
Chairman of the Board
