To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Over the past several years, you joined us as we have been transforming Hasbro into a global branded
play company. We are creating a company that reaches farther than before, both geographically and categorically. We have taken steps to further develop our global teams, to establish a greater presence in more global markets, and through our efforts and those of our partners, we have expanded our business beyond the traditional toy and game category.
Through the execution of our strategy, we are:
• Creating new teams to deploy our brands around the world and the infrastructure to move from global aspirations to global execution.
• Expanding our capabilities to deliver innovation globally across our brands and our business.
• Developing new immersive experiences through entertainment in television and feature films, in digital media and in licensing.
During 2011, we made significant progress in many aspects of our business. However, we did not meet our expectations for growth in the U.S. and Canada segment, including in the Games and Puzzles category. We have acted swiftly and decisively in both of these areas, putting in place new leadership and plans to improve performance as we go forward. We will address these efforts in more detail shortly, but first, let’s address the progress we have made toward our strategy.
In 2011, we reported a record $4.29 billion in revenue. This represented 7% revenue growth over 2010, which is ahead of our 5% compound annual growth rate target for revenue growth. We grew earnings per diluted share for the eleventh consecutive year, while returning $577 million
to shareholders through our stock buyback and quarterly dividend programs. In early 2012, our Board of Directors voted to increase our quarterly dividend 20% to $0.36 per share, marking the third consecutive year we have raised our quarterly dividend by 20% or more.
Moving from Global Aspirations to Global Execution
Hasbro’s 2011 top-line growth was fueled by 19% revenue gains in our International business, or 16% growth without the benefit of the positive foreign exchange impact. Revenue grew in every major region internationally, in both mature and emerging markets, and we gained market share in nine of the 10 international countries for which we have third-party market data. In 2011, European revenues increased 19%; Latin America & Mexico revenues grew 19%; and in Asia Pacific, revenues increased 24%.
Over the past several years, we have invested in the infrastructure to capitalize on our innovation all around the world. Through new offices in emerging markets, strong execution in mature markets and
the build-out of our brand blueprint globally - including digital gaming, entertainment and licensing capabilities - Hasbro is rapidly establishing a branded- play leadership position in markets around the world.
Delivering Innovation Globally
Through the successful implementation of our branded play strategy which, at the core, focuses on the innovation and invention of both existing and new Hasbro brands worldwide, we are building bigger and more global brands. In 2011, three brands exceeded $400 million in annual revenues.
The TRANSFORMERS brand delivered $483 million in revenues during 2011, leveraging the global box office success of Transformers: Dark of the Moon. The third film in the TRANSFORMERS movie franchise grossed more than $1.1 billion at the box office globally. TRANSFORMERS brand revenue for Hasbro grew in the U.S. and international markets and we successfully leveraged the TRANSFORMERS brand into new categories, including KRE-O, our entirely new construction brand, as well as TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS, part of Hasbro’s all new PLAYSKOOL HEROES line designed specifically for younger kids.
The BEYBLADE brand was an incredible success globally, delivering $477 million in revenues during 2011. We sold over 60 million tops in 40 countries and online, we had deep digital engagements with our consumers at beybladebattles.com. We now have ten million registered users on beybladebattles.com
annual report 2011
             
and last year, these users battled more than 26 million times.
Through our partnership with Nelvana,
d-rights and TakaraTomy, we set out to manage BEYBLADE as a long-term battling brand with continuous innovation. Leveraging global television programming and innovative play patterns, we
are excited to be entering the next phase of our strategy with new, innovative play patterns.
The NERF brand, which has grown fourfold over the past five years, delivered $410 million in revenue in 2011, essentially flat with 2010, driven by strong growth from international markets. The NERF team continues to deliver great innovation for the brand and we have several major new initiatives planned for 2012.
2011 also marked the first year under our long- term partnership with Sesame Workshop. Together, we are building a year-round global brand and we are creating play experiences around a number
of SESAME STREET characters, including ELMO, COOKIE MONSTER, and others, which engage children and help them learn.
U.S. & Canada Execution
While our recent investments in establishing
our global presence enabled us to deliver very strong growth in our international business and overall solid revenue growth for Hasbro during the fourth quarter and full year 2011, we did not meet our expectations for growth in the U.S. and Canada segment, including in the Games and Puzzles category. When we look to our success internationally, we know - and you can see - that our innovation, marketing and brands are very successful. While our performance in the U.S. and Canada segment was in line with the industry’s overall decline of 2%, we believe we can do better.
We have appointed new leadership in the U.S. and Canada business, naming Wiebe Tinga President. Wiebe is a proven Hasbro executive with 24 years of experience leading global
sales and marketing teams. He and his team are implementing an approach that is similar to how we go to market internationally. By focusing
marketing spend more on the consumer, by pricing our product to reflect our innovation and by strengthening our partnerships with our retailers, we believe we can deliver better performance in the U.S. & Canada business.
Hasbro Gaming
Our Games and Puzzles category performance
was also disappointing last year, contributing to
the weakness in the U.S. During the year, under new leadership, we outlined a multi-year plan to drive innovation and excellence in gaming, with
the goal of stabilizing this business in 2012 and delivering growth in 2013 and beyond. We are now focusing on a core set of gaming brands. We have demonstrated in recent years that when we drive innovation in our gaming brands, we have delivered growth. But similar to the change we made in our toy business a few years back, we must focus our development and marketing resources on select gaming brands that we view as having the greatest global potential.
An example of the successful execution of this approach is MAGIC: THE GATHERING. The team at Wizards of the Coast has done a tremendous job of taking this brand, which totaled less than $100 million in revenues in 2008 and was declining, to where it is today - the largest brand in our Games and Puzzles category, the largest game brand in the U.S. and more than double its size versus just three years ago. It demonstrates that with new leadership, strong consumer insights, innovative game play, and the integration of face-to-face and digital play, gaming brands can thrive.
We also are working to better leverage the nearly one billion gamers in the marketplace today - that is five times the number of gamers from just a few years ago. However, we recognize that we can’t grow our gaming business in the future the same way we had grown it historically. To better leverage today’s technology and digital play, we are working with great partners, including Electronic Arts and Activision, to develop Hasbro brands into digital games. We are also teaming with Jagex
and NetDragon to bring TRANSFORMERS MMO
annual report 2011
             
(massively multiplayer online) games to players in both Western markets and China, respectively. In 2012, we have several global gaming initiatives based on Hasbro brands, including MONOPOLY, TRANSFORMERS and BATTLESHIP.
We also know the marriage between the digital and the analog gaming world works both ways.
In support of this, we recently entered into an exclusive, worldwide strategic alliance with Zynga, the world’s leading social game developer with more than 240 million average monthly active users in over 175 countries. Through this agreement, Hasbro has obtained the license to develop and distribute wide-ranging product lines based on Zynga’s game brands, including FARMVILLE, CITYVILLE, and WORDS WITH FRIENDS, in a number of toy and game categories. This deal also creates opportunities for co-branded merchandise featuring a combination of both Hasbro and Zynga brands. The first products under this long-term agreement are planned for Fall 2012.
Finally, to make all this happen, we have a new Hasbro gaming team, with a lot of talent from outside the traditional board game arena. We have invested in this team, establishing the new Gaming Center of Excellence in Rhode Island, and they are re-imagining our brands, creating new technologies and inventing new brands. We continue to believe that, through a combination of face-to-face, off-the- board and digital gaming, there is an opportunity
to grow our gaming business in 2013 and beyond. We have a solid foundation upon which to build, as Hasbro had eight of the top ten game brands in the U.S. last year.
Developing New Immersive Experiences
The development of digital gaming experiences is one element of the multi-dimensional immersive experiences we are creating for Hasbro consumers and the brands they love. Today, in addition to our digital gaming experiences, global consumers can experience our brands in movies, in television and through licensing and publishing.
In feature films, we currently work with four major studio partners: Paramount, Relativity,
Sony and Universal, which provides us access to amazing talent and tremendous resources. In 2012, two films based on Hasbro brands are scheduled
for global release. First, in partnership with Universal, Battleship is scheduled to debut in April internationally and in May in the U.S.; and together with Paramount, G.I. Joe: Retaliation, will hit theatres in June. Potential future films based on other
Hasbro brands are under development, including OUIJA, the fourth TRANSFORMERS film, STRETCH ARMSTRONG, CANDY LAND, RISK, MONOPOLY and CLUE.
Turning to television, our global initiatives
are making real progress with Hasbro Studios programming now airing globally in over 140 countries this year. International performance so
far has been very good, with Hasbro Studios shows consistently delivering top ratings among our key demographics. By the end of 2012, we plan to
have produced almost 600 half-hours of original programming and, because we know that kids
love to watch television in all forms and formats, we’re distributing these shows everywhere kids are consuming content - television, online, DVDs, tablets and mobile applications.
In the U.S., distribution is primarily on THE
HUB, where we are one year into the launch of the all-new HUB television network and the ratings trends continue to be positive. The fourth quarter
of 2011 was the first quarter we had year-over-year comparisons for THE HUB, and during the quarter THE HUB posted 31% gains in total day against Kids 2 to 11. The network posted growth throughout 2011 and Hasbro Studios programming accounted for five of the top ten series for the year.
As we further develop our licensing and publishing teams, it is important to recognize that our efforts traditionally have been focused in the U.S. To further develop our global capabilities,
we added new licensing personnel into markets globally, including China, Russia, Poland and Mexico to bring to bear our full licensing potential in all
our geographies. We are focused on significant
and growing licensed categories around the world, including apparel, home and publishing.
annual report 2011
             
annual report 2011
      The combination of global film, television and licensing efforts provides Hasbro with a foundation upon which we can expand our global consumers’ immersive experiences with Hasbro brands.
Playing Right
Hasbro’s heritage of playing right - for our customers, our environment, our communities and our employees - is embedded in our culture. We believe it will be the companies that recognize, systematically address and sustain strong corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices, and view such practices as a strategic imperative that will enjoy the greatest success today and well into the future.
In 2011, we took great strides in our CSR efforts when we issued our first comprehensive CSR report. Hasbro has already begun to phase out PVC from some packaging, and has set a goal to completely eliminate PVC in new packaging produced by Hasbro beginning in 2013. Phasing out PVC in packaging is the most recent effort in a long series of sustainable packaging initiatives we have undertaken, all of which are designed to minimize the impact on our natural resources.
We are also honored to be the recent recipient of several prestigious recognitions, including being named on Ethisphere’s 2012 “World’s Most Ethical Companies” list; receiving the U.S. EPA’s Climate Leadership Award for Excellence in Greenhouse Gas Management Goal Achievement; and for the second year in a row, being named on Fortune’s 2012 “100 Best Companies to Work For” list.
Importantly, in 2011, Hasbro contributed over $15 million in philanthropic support through the Hasbro Children’s Fund and our Gift of Play product donation program to help make a difference for more than
Brian D. Goldner
President and Chief Executive Officer
four million children worldwide. Our Team Hasbro employee volunteers also contributed over 18,000 hours to make a difference in our communities and we continue working to inspire young people to make their mark on the world through our founding support of generationOn, the global youth service movement and youth enterprise of Points of Light. Our efforts in our communities are something Hasbro employees globally are proud to be a part of.
For Hasbro, CSR is a journey of innovation and continuous improvement. We invite you to learn more about our efforts at www.hasbro.com/csr.
Transforming into a Global Branded Play Company
Today, our global Hasbro teams are focused on the core tenants of our branded play strategy: creating the most innovative play experiences in the industry, inventing new brands, keeping momentum in our international businesses, and regaining it in the U.S. and Canada, and delivering new immersive brand experiences for our consumers.
We are committed to returning our U.S. and Canada segment to historical levels of performance and transforming our traditional games business into a globally expansive Hasbro gaming enterprise.
We have invested in the infrastructure to move from global aspirations to global execution and are positioned to capitalize on the innovation in our brands all around the world.
We are committed to our branded play strategy and believe it is working, but we recognize there are areas where we need to improve our execution. We value your continued support and participation along this journey as we strive to unlock greater potential from our Hasbro brands globally and share that success with you, our fellow shareholders.
Alfred J. Verrecchia
Chairman of the Board
                  