To Our Investors,
We had a great year in 2010. Sales and earnings per share increased by double digits. We grew both domestically and internationally in our core product categories. We expanded our market share substantially, and we made a successful acquisition. Best of all, we are in a great position to do it again in 2011, even with the challenge of cost inflation. Our brands and market share are stronger than ever, and we aim to capitalize further on this strength.
GROWTH TAKES OFF IN 2010
After spending several years investing in our brands, investing in our global low-cost supply chain and strengthening our capital structure, HanesBrands is delivering growth. Net sales in 2010 increased by 11 percent and diluted EPS increased to $2.16 from $0.54 a year earlier. On the strength of shelf-space gains, sales increased in nearly every country and in every category except sheer hosiery. Our market share gains were impressive in such a short period of time, particularly for men's underwear. Gear For Sports, a leader in licensed logo apparel, began contributing to sales growth in the fourth quarter after our acquisition of the company and will continue this year.
Men's Underwear Socks Women's Plus-Size Bras Activewear
Source: NPD Group, R12 Nov. 2010

SIGNIFICANT U.S. MARKET SHARE GAINS
+ 5 pts + 2 pts + 2 pts + 2 pts + 1 pt

OVERCOMING CHALLENGES IN 2011

The obvious challenge in 2011 for us, and the rest of the industry, is cost inflation, particularly the cost of cotton which has tripled in the last year. We benefit from our self-owned supply chain, which provides us earlier visibility to input-cost inflation compared with most of the industry. Fortunately, we used this information to our advantage by securing a substantial portion of our 2011 cotton needs relatively early and at favorable prices, and we have taken price increases to respond to this new cost environment. We are in a great position to manage through this year's inflation challenges. In fact, we believe that we have a competitive advantage: our brands command the No. 1 market share positions in key categories and our products are value-priced in the market. Therefore, we plan to price accordingly and continue to invest in our business. This is the time to protect our product quality, advertise our brands, and partner on trade programs. With this continued investment, I am confident in our ability to have a very successful 2011.

Richard A. Noll Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2, 2011

