To Our Valued Shareholders:
Driven by our firm commitment to improve the care provided to our patients at each of our facilities, HCA's financial results in 2014 were among the best we have experienced in our company's long history.
We clearly exceeded our internal expectations for the year. We are incredibly grateful to our nurses, our physicians, our administration ­ every dedicated colleague ­ who contributed to our achievements. Our collective success in 2014 is a solid illustration that you can indeed do well while doing good.

85

%

85 percent of our hospitals were recognized as Top Performers by The Joint Commission in reported core measures performance data.

Our highest commitment is simple and straight-forward: to deliver superior quality of care throughout our system for every patient, every day. I am very pleased to announce that 85 percent of our eligible US hospitals reporting core measure performance data were recognized on The Joint Commission's 2014 list of Top Performers on Key Quality Measures. This is no small feat, either viewed as the outcome of our commitment to delivery of the highest quality care to all those who walk through our doors, or of our commitment to the creation of shareholder value. Recognizing that we may be measured and reimbursed increasingly based upon the quality and value of our services, improvement in both patient outcomes and patient service goes not only to the heart of our mission, but to the core of our business operations as well, and thus will remain a top priority for us in 2015. To further our commitments in these areas, we recently hired our first Chief Patient Experience Officer, responsible for leveraging best practices developed across HCA's hospitals and other providers. We know our efforts to improve quality and service are vitally important not only to our patients, but to all our caregivers and employees who want our patients to have the best possible experience and the best possible outcomes. This new role will support those meaningful efforts. Our success in maintaining a standard of high quality care for our patients contributed to a financial performance for the year highlighted by strong volume metrics, favorable payor mix and excellent cost management. As a result, we were able to achieve year over year revenue growth of 8 percent, Adjusted EBITDA growth of 13 percent and diluted earnings per share growth of 23 percent. The diluted earnings per share growth increases to 38 percent when the impact of gains and losses on sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt and legal claim costs are excluded. One of our key strengths is our ability to create shareholder value through thoughtful capital deployment. For the full year 2014, we generated approximately $4.4 billion of cash flows from operating activities. That's up by more than 20% over the prior year, and speaks to the operational excellence we strive for every day. We deployed approximately $2.2 billion in capital spending in the communities we serve to expand services, keep our facilities up to date, and provide our caregivers the latest in medical equipment. Additionally, we invested more than $750 million to acquire a number of surgery centers, clinics and other non-hospital points of care and three hospitals, adding to our Chattanooga, Tampa, and Salt Lake City markets. These investments will broaden our access points and enhance our service capabilities in the markets we serve. In an effort to enhance value for our shareholders, we repurchased 28.6 million shares of our stock for $1.75 billion in 2014. We recently announced in February 2015 the Board's authorization for an additional $1 billion share repurchase that we expect to complete during the year. We believe our comprehensive growth strategy has positioned our facilities to successfully compete in their local markets. In 2015, we plan to increase our total capital expenditures to approximately $2.4 billion. In certain markets, we plan to deploy capital for new hospitals and new outpatient facilities. In others, we plan to provide capital to increase bed and emergency room capacity as well as to equip our nurses and other caregivers with the tools and technology required to continue to take care of our patients. In addition to the increase in capital spending, we are making operating expenditures totaling approximately $100 million, which are expected to increase our efficiency, make our care providers more effective, and improve our patient results.

28.6
million
28.6 million shares of our stock repurchased for $1.75 billion in 2014

Here are the three most prominent of these investments: First, we are implementing a new human resource model, OneHR, which will consolidate many administrative functions, including benefits management, recruiting and training. We expect this improvement will help our employees deliver better care, more efficiently ­ and reduce administrative costs. Second, we are improving our clinical information systems to provide a better user experience for our nurses and physicians ­ and better outcomes for our patients. These improvements will create more comprehensive clinical data that we can then leverage across our business to improve quality, increase efficiencies and drive growth. Finally, we are implementing the new ICD-10 code sets, which are scheduled to go into effect in the latter part of 2015. While the transition process and shift from ICD-9 can be challenging, the goal of the new coding system is one we believe in, that: through better data, we will drive higher quality, more personalized patient care. Data captured by these new code sets could be used to enhance understanding of complications, and more accurately track care outcomes. This information will allow us to more readily identify patients who can benefit from disease management initiatives, enabling us to provide better, more individualized recommendations for such care. We would be remiss if we didn't highlight what affects all of us in the industry ­ health reform. In 2014, we experienced meaningful growth because of healthcare reform, primarily from our effective approach to exchange contracting. For 2015, we remain disciplined with our pricing strategy, and we have broadened our network participation in many of our large markets. This includes increasing our health exchange contracts by 37% over 2014, which we expect will allow us to continue to build market presence and increase the number of patients we serve. While only five of the states in which we operate have expanded Medicaid coverage to date, we are encouraged by the Medicaid trends we observed in all of the states. For 2014, our Medicaid admissions in expansion states increased 40 percent, while uninsured admissions declined 58 percent. In nonexpansion states, our Medicaid admissions increased 2.4 percent and uninsured admissions declined 3.4 percent from the prior year. Our commitment at HCA is excellence in each and everything we do. That's the commitment all of us at HCA make every day. With our leadership team, we have built a track record of success of which we all are truly pleased, from national recognition of our clinical quality standards to time-proven operating strategies and effective resourcing. I am personally honored to lead this very talented and dedicated team. I am excited about what we accomplished last year and optimistic about our position for the future.  Sincerely,

58 decrease
%
uninsured admissions declined 58 percent in expansion states

$

For the full year 2014, we generated approximately $4.4 billion of cash flows from operating activities.

4.4B

 

 

R. Milton Johnson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

