2016 represented a year of solid growth and deliberate attention to our strategic agenda.

To Our Valued Shareholders: In the broader context, 2016 was a year of transition against a backdrop of strongly divergent viewpoints on the topic of American health care; yet for HCA, a company with a near half-century history of successful navigation through political shifts and emerging market trends, 2016 represented a year of solid growth and deliberate attention to our strategic agenda. The company's growth trend has been consistent and sustained. 2016 marked the ninth consecutive year we achieved same facility admissions and equivalent admissions growth, the tenth consecutive year for emergency room visit growth, and the third consecutive year for surgical growth. In 2016, HCA generated revenues of $41.5 billion, an increase of 4.6% over the prior year, net income before income taxes of $4.8 billion, an increase of 21.6% over the prior year, and Adjusted EBITDA of $8.2 billion, an increase of 3.8% over the prior year. This sustainability of performance is based on a disciplined commitment to proven operating principles. The company's longstanding strategy of positioning in large, fast-developing urban markets with growing populations has led to consistent increased demand for our services and resulted in HCA's position as market leader in a majority of these communities we have the privilege to serve. In 2016, our markets saw further benefits to our disciplined approach, as we invested $2.8 billion in capital for expansion of services and capacity, a

"We believe the delivery of high quality care and a positive patient experience are essential to sustaining our financial strength."

significant increase in our already-robust capital investment strategy. We have approved an additional $4.5 billion in capital projects that are scheduled to be completed over the next three years. These investments will add more capacity and offer flexibility of care settings through the construction of urgent care sites and freestanding emergency rooms. With these commitments, we will continue to build upon our goal to be the premier provider of choice and to offer easily accessible care in the most appropriate and convenient setting, wherever and whenever the patient needs it. Moreover, we expect that our capital focus will enable us to increase capacity in existing facilities by adding more inpatient beds, emergency room beds and operating room suites, relieving constraints and contributing further to greater accessibility. The capital we invested in our health care facilities in 2016 enhanced the environment of our care delivery through focused investments in process improvement, technology innovation, and in our most valuable resource -- our people. Concentrated efforts to raise the bar in the quality of our nursing care, coupled with technical advancements that have driven improvements in clinical outcomes across a wide spectrum, have led to an enhanced experience for our patients across the care continuum. Our focus on excellence in nursing continued in 2016 through programs that support our commitment to provide the most compassionate and effective nursing care in the country and to make HCA the career destination of choice for

R. Milton Johnson Chairman and CEO

nurses. We will continue to deploy innovative technology solutions, like the Nursing Insight Dashboard, which has helped nurses streamline their workflow, and Evidence-Based Clinical Documentation, which uses clinically-driven content to standardize nursing documentation, resulting in more time available for nurses to be at the bedside with patients and their families. We believe tools such as these, along with our growing investment in nurse leadership and career development initiatives, such as the "charge nurse to CNO" career track program, have improved employee engagement and wellpositioned HCA to respond to potential nursing labor shortages in the coming years. We also saw some remarkable advancements in our clinical agenda during 2016. While our people are the foundation of our care model, their ability to provide safe, effective, compassionate care is vastly enhanced by processes and technologies that save time and help to prevent errors. The patient-centered care model set by HCA's clinical leadership has resulted in measurable improvements in quality, including a targeted focus on sepsis prediction, detection and prevention. The results of these efforts have improved care and saved lives. The past year also has seen progress in the use of technologies gained through the acquisition of clinician-facing assets, such as Mobile Heartbeat, which provides a secured text messaging system for instant team communication and information-sharing, and PatientKeeper, a platform that allows us to provide better, more convenient workflows for clinicians and offer better care coordination. Our physicians are our strategic partners in our mission to improve human life, and we continue to seek ways to enhance their opportunities to provide the best care to our patients. HCA is continually striving to use our vast clinical capabilities to improve care. Throughout 2016, we harnessed big data to identify and reduce variation in care delivery, set new standards of patient care, and achieve industry-leading operational efficiency. We further leveraged our clinical informatics framework to support the collection and analysis of data, leading to an improved real-time understanding of our patients' conditions and an enhanced ability for physicians to quickly and precisely intervene, as necessary, with appropriate medical treatment. Our enhanced capabilities in cognitive computing and natural language processing technology, combined with HCA's unparalleled

access to clinical data, mean patient pathology reports can be assessed and acted upon within hours, offering potentially lifesaving advantages in speed of care delivery. Our ability to make these kinds of investments in our facilities, processes and workforce is just one advantage provided by the company's consistently strong generation of cash flow, and we have continued to demonstrate a balanced approach to our use of cash flow between capital investments and returning value to stakeholders. During 2016, HCA produced $5.7 billion in operating cash flow, up 19.4 percent over the prior year. This enabled us not only to make significant capital investments, but to continue our vigorous share repurchase program, buying back a total of 36.3 million shares for a total of $2.8 billion. Our substantial cash flow allows us to be nimble in the marketplace and to respond to opportunities that enhance our competitive position in the health care landscape. The combination of increasing capital investment and returns on invested capital while also decreasing our cost of capital has generated strong value for the company. When you couple this with our balance sheet position, with our leverage ratio of Debt to Adjusted EBITDA at 3.8x at December 31, 2016, compared to our stated target range of 3.5x to 4.5x, we are wellpositioned going into 2017. As we near the company's fiftieth anniversary year in 2018, it is gratifying to know the reasonable, common-sense elements that came together to form HCA's basic operating philosophy still endure. Though we continue to enhance the quality and diversity of our care services, these principles still ground us: to leverage scale to its best advantages, to create a diverse portfolio of assets and capabilities, to locate in areas where the need for health care will continue to expand, to hire people and partner with physicians who have a genuine passion for helping others, and, most importantly, to put the patient at the center of everything we do. These core principles are the foundation of our success and will continue to serve us well long into the future. Sincerely,

Adjusted EBITDA and Diluted EPS Growth
3 Year CAGR
$ 8.5 Adjusted EBITDA in Billions 8.0 7.5 7.0 6.5 6.0

$8.2B

$6.6B

2013

2014

2015

2016

7.7% 29.4% Adj EBITDA Diluted EPS
$ 8.00 7.00 Diluted EPS 6.00 5.00 4.00 3.00

$7.30

$3.37
2013 2014 2015 2016

2016 includes a legal claim benefit ($0.39 per diluted share) and the impact of adopting ASU 2016-09 related to the tax benefit for equity award settlements ($0.41 per diluted share).

Deploying a balanced allocation of capital 1
Cash Flows From Operations

$25.7B

$12.5B $3.2B Capital Special
Expenditures Dividends

Investing In Growth

Delivering Shareholder Value

$4.1B $8.9B Acquisition Share
Expenditures Repurchases
1

R. Milton Johnson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

From March 2011 IPO through 4Q 2016.

