                                                                                                                                             Chairman’s Letter
To Our Customers, Suppliers, Shareholders and Associates:
By focusing on sales, service and execution we delivered record financial performance in fiscal 2003. Sales grew 11%, reaching $64.8 billion, making us the youngest retailer to reach $30, $40, $50 and now over $60 billion in revenue – a strong achievement for a company only 24 years old. In three years, we have grown sales by $19 billion, or 42%, and earnings per share have increased by 71%.
Our transformation is paying off in both tangible changes to our business and record financial returns. Our customers showed their appreciation by shopping in our stores more than 1.2 billion times in 2003 and the stock market rewarded our accomplish- ments with a 48% increase in the value of our stock.
Record Financial Results
In fiscal 2003, earnings per diluted share grew to a company record of $1.88, an increase of 21%. We also achieved company records in average ticket, which grew to $51.15, gross margin, which reached 31.8%, and operating margin, which reached 10.6%. Our dedicated associates made all of these accomplish- ments possible, and we are proud of their achievements.
Rock Solid Financial Condition
We continue to benefit from our tremendously strong balance sheet. We ended the fiscal year with stockholders’ equity of $22 billion, $34 billion in assets, including $2.9 billion in cash, and a debt to equity ratio of 6.1%, the best in retail.
The strength of our company affords us the ability to reinvest in the business while also returning value to our shareholders. Over the past three fiscal years, we have returned $5.1 billion to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends paid. This is equal to $2.18 per diluted share or approximately 46% of our cumulative earnings.
Transforming the Business
Three years ago we began a transformation that has touched every facet of our business. During this time, we have invested an unprecedented $10 billion of capital in our company. We are gen- erating a solid return on our invested capital, which was 20.4% at the end of fiscal 2003. Beyond our investments in physical capi- tal, we are also investing heavily in our human capital. In 2003, we created more net new jobs than any other established company in the U.S. Our associates received 21 million hours of training through delivery vehicles such as e-learning and learning forums.
We also made significant investments in our leadership develop- ment programs, ensuring that we have a pipeline of great talent to support our current business and future growth.
Sustained, Profitable Growth
Our strategy for sustained, profitable growth is simple: Enhance the Core, Extend the Business and Expand the Market. We size the global market opportunity for home improvement at approxi- mately $900 billion, which considers growth opportunities both inside and outside of our installed store base of 1,707 stores. Clearly, we believe we have plenty of room left for growth.
Enhancing the Core
We are enhancing the core of our business through a more sophisticated focus on the market and on the customer. We are analyzing demo- graphics, consumer trends and geographic locations to remain current or ahead of emerging customer trends. This includes a company-wide store modernization plan, the introduction of innovative and distinctive merchandise and technological enhancements.
In fiscal 2003, our store modernization plan reached every store at some level, and we have only just begun. Moving forward, an increasing proportion of our capital investment will be spent on fur- ther enhancements to the core of our business, including improved lighting, high-finish floors, merchandising displays and the addition of bilingual signage. Our investment in store modernization is planned to double in 2004 to approximately $1 billion.
We continue to strengthen our merchandise offering through category leadership in national brands, exclusive alliances and proprietary products. From patio furniture to hand tools, we are delivering a richer
The Home Depot, Inc. | 01
  
                                                                                                   Chairman’s Letter
mix and broader selection of merchandise that is stylish and has more features for the value. “We’re America’s Largest Tool Box”SM with the broadest selection available in home improvement.
Alongside these enhancements is an unprecedented investment in technology. We have made major progress in improving the cus- tomer’s total shopping experience – through industry firsts such as self checkout. Self checkout is now installed in close to 800 stores, represents more than one-third of transactions in those stores and is receiving very positive customer feedback. During 2003, we also introduced a new touchscreen point-of-sale system and cordless scan guns, and upgraded technology infrastructure by installing more than 5,000 miles of cable and 90,000 new devices. These tech- nological enhancements are reducing queue times at the checkout and allowing our associates to focus more on customer service.
Extending the Business
New stores, new formats and new businesses will further our growth. In fiscal 2003, we opened 175 new stores and plan to open another 175 in 2004, resulting in 200 million square feet of retail selling space. We believe our breadth of merchandise, wide geo- graphic reach and associates are our competitive advantage.
Through our services business, we are positioned to capitalize on demographic shifts that are creating customers who want home improvement “done for them.” Home Depot stores offer a variety of installation programs, ranging from countertops and kitchens to fencing and HVAC. We currently handle more than 10,000 projects each business day and expect this business to continue its double- digit growth rate.
Expanding Our Markets
Unified under one brand, The Home Depot Supply, we are defining and developing new channels to reach the growing professional market. We are utilizing our existing assets to spread our core competencies into areas such as maintenance repair operations and homebuilders. In fiscal 2003, we received GSA certification, making us the only federally approved government contractor in home improvement, and we now have an opportunity to provide value and selection to government agencies and military bases.
Reaching beyond our U.S. borders, we are successfully expanding our business. In Canada, we ended the year with more than 100 stores and plan to add 14 more stores in fiscal 2004. Since our recent entry into Mexico in 2001, we have more than tripled our store base in this growing market to 18 stores.
Building Value – Sharing Values
Our responsibilities extend to a broad range of constituents. In addition to building value for our customers, suppliers, shareholders and asso- ciates, we are also passionate about sharing our values.
When The Home Depot moves into a community, we make great things happen. Beyond the physical investment of a store, we pro- vide careers, we give back through volunteerism, we add to the local tax base and we help our customers to maintain and enhance their single biggest asset – their home.
During fiscal 2003, our Team Depot volunteers contributed millions of hours of sweat equity to a variety of important projects. We launched Project Homefront in April 2003, as part of our commit- ment to aid the families of deployed military personnel with home maintenance and repair needs. So far, we have aided in the repair of almost 1,000 military families’ homes. The Home Depot is also there to assist when our communities need us most. Our disaster relief volunteers planted thousands of trees to help communities recover from the effects of the wildfires and were on the scene to aid communities impacted by power blackouts and hurricanes. We also built 52 KaBOOM! playgrounds and 10 Habitat for Humanity homes across North America. These efforts demonstrate our con- tinued commitment to giving back to our communities.
The Year Ahead – Positioned for Future Growth
We are committed to building sustained, profitable growth for The Home Depot and our shareholders. Our strategy remains unchanged, is delivering record performance and will allow us to pursue future growth opportunities. We believe we are well posi- tioned to capitalize on the opportunities in the exciting and grow- ing home improvement market. The home, more than ever, is our customers’ most important asset and their family’s sanctuary. We will continue to find ways to serve this market by enhancing our core, extending our business and expanding our markets.
We are the leader in a growing and healthy industry, investing heavily in our future through store modernization and technology, distinctive and innovative merchandise, and our talented and dedicated associates.
As we prepare to celebrate our 25th anniversary, we look back to the first store opening on June 22, 1979. In that first year, The Home Depot had 200 associates and sales of $7 million. We have grown to become the second largest retailer in North America and the youngest ever to reach over $60 billion in revenue. With more than 1,700 stores, 300,000 associates and more than $1.25 bil- lion in sales per week, we have a tremendously proud past and an even brighter future.
BOB NARDELLI
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 29, 2004
 02
