 To Our Shareholders, Customers, Associates, Communities and Suppliers:
Five years ago, we laid out our strategy to enhance the core, extend the business and expand the market. We identified nearly $1 trillion in global opportunities that could be captured by building from the founda- tion of our existing business. We undertook aggressive efforts that allowed us to better serve our traditional customers and reach out to new ones. We sought out creative talent; breakthrough technology; and, most impor- tantly, innovative ideas. That strategy is on course, and it is working.
  From 2000 to 2005, we opened more than 900 stores, including our 2,000th in December 2005. In 2000, we reported $45.7 billion in annual sales; five years later, our sales nearly doubled, to $81.5 billion. Over the same period, our operating margin grew 230 basis points, from 9.2 percent to 11.5 percent, and our earnings per share more than doubled, from $1.10 to $2.72. Since 2000, we returned nearly $13 billion, or approxi- mately 59 percent of our cumulative earnings, to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. And we achieved EPS growth of at least 20 percent in each of the past four years.
In short, over the past several years, we’ve been able to deliver sustainable, predictable and profitable growth, creating a company that has the strongest balance sheet in the industry and tremendous potential for future growth.
2005: A Year of Record Performance
Reflecting the hard work and dedication of our 345,000 associates, fiscal year 2005 was another defining year for The Home Depot. We achieved record earnings per share ($2.72, up 20.4 percent), record operating margin (11.5 percent) and record net earnings ($5.8 billion, up 16.7 percent). Our financial success has allowed us to deliver on our commitment to create shareholder value.
Enhance the Core: Putting the Customer First
Our success in 2005 reflects our focus on offering our customers innovative and distinctive merchandise. Certainly, a solid measure of innovation is average ticket, and in 2005, it reached an all-time high: $57.98, up 5.6 percent from the previous year. LG appliances, Ducane gas grills, Behr’s Colores Origenes
Caribbean-inspired paint palette, Milwaukee and Makita Lithium-Ion power tools are all examples of how we have enhanced our core to bring differentiation to every aisle in our stores.
Our appliance story is a great one. From a virtual standing start a few years ago, we have gone from zero to #3 in core appliance market share, securing nearly 10 percent of the U.S. market by the end of 2005. Across merchandising categories, we will continue to exceed our customers’ expectations with innovative products that differentiate us from the competition.
In 2005, we continued leveraging technology to improve the customer experience. With bold IT initiatives – self-checkout, Back End Automation and Re-engineering (BEAR), and central- ized automated replenishment – we increased our operational efficiency, achieved expense productivity and helped shift more “tasking” hours to the selling floor.
Extend the Business: A Wealth of Fresh Thinking
In 2005, we accelerated our response to evolving customer trends by broadening our assortment, not just in our stores, but also through Home Depot Direct. Through new upscale catalogs, customers can access everything from power tools to home furnishings and choose from more than 30,000 products online. Homedepot.com attracts over 3 million visits a week.
A critical part of our strategy to create new revenue streams is our services business, or The Home Depot’s expert installations. This business taps into an emerging mega-trend: an aging pop- ulation that will need increasing assistance in maintaining and
 2005 Annual Report 1 The Home Depot Inc.

modifying its homes. The growth of our Services revenue – by 21.4 percent in 2005 – is proof positive that we are meeting that demand, especially in categories such as special order counter- tops, roofing/gutters, kitchens, windows and HVAC.
Our acquisition of Chem-Dry last year illustrates how we have pursued strategic and operational adjacencies to build our services infrastructure. As the world’s largest seller and installer of carpeting, we joined forces with the world’s largest carpet and upholstery cleaning franchisor. And whether we decide to own, subcontract or franchise going forward, we are continually looking for unique opportunities to deliver turnkey service and value to our customers.
Expand the Market: Building Platforms for Growth
Expanding our market has presented us with the two largest opportunities: the professional contractor market, and the interna- tional market. The professional contractor market is twice the size of the Do-It-Yourself (DIY) business, while the international market is just as large as the U.S. market.
We can repeat in the pro market what we did in retail in the ‘80s and ‘90s, with both speed and sustainability. Back then, we trans- formed a fragmented, inefficient, local and stagnant market into a consolidated, efficient, international and innovative market. Given our scale and vision today, we have the same opportunity in the professional arena, but our position is much more formidable.
We’re off to a fast and strong start.
Indeed, 2005 was a turning point. We completed 21 acquisitions to better service professional contractors and announced several others, adding to our distinctive portfolio of category leaders, such as National Waterworks, Contractors’ Warehouse, Williams Bros. Lumber Company and Chem-Dry. In 2005 we announced Hughes Supply, the largest acquisition in our history. Through close coordination between our stores and our branches, we will provide unmatched services to our existing base of professional customers as well as to new customers.
Internationally, we are the #1 home improvement retailer in Canada and in Mexico, using a portable business model that respects the cultures in which we are privileged to operate. By fiscal year-end, we had 137 stores in Canada, a country that delivered more than US$4 billion in revenues. In Mexico, we ended the year with 54 stores and expect our business in that market to top $1 billion in 2006 for the first time. We will con- tinue to explore the most prudent way to enter other vast markets.
Community Engagement
When we enter a community, we arrive fully appreciating that our bottom line is really shaped by those on the front line – in the communities where we live and work. We arrive with our asso- ciates’ passion for engaging communities, along with our pledge to improve everything we touch.
I am proud of the associates who embodied that spirit in 2005 when we faced the challenge of responding to the most devastating hurricane season in history. I am moved by those who volunteered more than 320,000 hours in 1,300 community projects during our Corporate Month of Service. I am honored by acknowledgements of our efforts, including The King Center’s 2005 Salute to Greatness Award and the ENERGY STAR® 2006 Partner of the Year Award. And I salute our 1,800 deployed military associates, who lead personal missions of service and sacrifice and contribute to the strength of our nation every day.
2010 Vision: Continuing to Lead, Change and Grow
Leading, changing and growing are considered challenges at some companies, but at The Home Depot, it’s what we do. Over the next five years, I am confident that we will continue to lead, change and grow in ways that will benefit our shareholders, customers, associates, communities and suppliers for years to come.
Over the next five years, we will invest between $12 billion and $14 billion to remodel and refresh our existing stores, open 400 – 500 new stores and launch new retail formats to better meet the needs of our evolving customer base. We will never lose sight of the fact that our core retail stores are the foundation of our great company and the enabler of our future growth.
At the same time, Home Depot Supply will continue growing, with projected sales between $23 billion and $27 billion by 2010. Between our retail business and Home Depot Supply, we expect to be the most formidable competitor in our defined marketplace, with total revenues between $125 billion and $143 billion by 2010. In short, no one will have the breadth of product offering, as many convenient locations, or as diverse a customer base as The Home Depot.
Again, I want to thank our 345,000 associates for making the last five years the best in our company’s history. Not only have we delivered stellar financial results, we have laid the groundwork for a future that promises to be even brighter than our past. I come to work every single day thankful for being part of such a wonderful, dedicated team, and excited about what we are all going to achieve together.
Bob Nardelli
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
March 29, 2006
  2
