 Dear Shareholders:
In Fiscal Year 2012, we grew sales for the third consecutive year, with positive sales in all three U.S. Divisions, Canada and Mexico. For the year, our comparable store sales were up 4.6 percent, total sales were up 6.2 percent, and diluted earnings per share were up 21.5 percent. These results reflect the benefit of our strategic focus and what we believe to be the beginning of the healing process for the U.S. housing market.
We are pleased that by the end of 2012 we met, ahead of schedule, our financial targets of achieving a 10 percent operating profit and 15 percent return on invested capital. We have now set out new financial targets of achieving a 12 percent operating profit and a 24 percent return on invested capital by the end of fiscal 2015.
The focus for our business over the past several years and going forward reflects:
1. What we are passionate about: Customer Service;
2. What we intend to be best in the world at: Product Authority for Home Improvement; and 3. What drives our economic engine: Disciplined Capital Allocation.
For our strategic framework, we borrowed from Jim Collins and use the “three-legged stool” to refer to these priorities, and we have added Interconnected Retail as the fourth element of our strategy, recognizing that our customers want a seamless experience, online and in our stores.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Each year we dedicate over 10 million hours in training for our associates. In 2012, we re-trained all of our store associates on our customer service initiative we launched in 2009 called “Customers FIRST.” We also enabled our store managers to customize their stores’ training to focus on the elements that they felt needed the most improvement. We are pleased that we continue to see improvement in both our internal and external customer surveys.
We are well on our way to our goal of having 60 percent of store hours assigned to customer service, with the remaining 40 percent assigned to completing tasks. We began this effort several years ago, when the percentages were reversed, and ended 2012 with approximately 57 percent of our hours assigned to customer facing activities.
We are very proud that we set a company record this year for our highest ever Success Sharing payout. Success Sharing is our bonus program for our hourly associates, and this year we paid out approximately $195 million. The first step in customer service is making sure that we take care of our associates, and the Success Sharing program is one of the ways we do that.
PRODUCT AUTHORITY
Product authority begins with providing compelling values to our customers and ensuring that the products our customers want are available at the right time and in the right quantities.
We have integrated our online and in-store data, pricing and assortment planning processes to enhance our customers’ experience. We have also improved our inventory management systems and completed the mechanization of our Rapid Deployment Centers.

Additionally, we have begun the development of new distribution centers and the enhancement of existing facilities to support direct to customer fulfillment, which we expect to complete over the next two years.
These efforts have built on our strength in home improvement product authority, and we had positive customer transactions, as well as growth in our average ticket.
DISCIPLINED CAPITAL ALLOCATION
We have a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation, investing to maintain and improve the health of our business. We are committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. In 2012, we repurchased a total of $4 billion or 74 million shares of outstanding stock. We have also announced an increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.39, or an annual dividend of $1.56, a 34 percent increase. This is consistent with our targeted dividend principle of paying out approximately 50 percent of net earnings in dividends. We also authorized a new $17 billion share repurchase program, which replaced the previous program. Our goal is to use this authority by the end of 2015. Since 2002, we have repurchased approximately one billion shares, returning more than $37.5 billion of cash to shareholders.
INTERCONNECTED RETAIL
In 2012, we upgraded our online platform, enhancing the site’s visual appeal and functionality. Our mobile applications have been downloaded over three million times, and we have more than 600,000 skus through our Home Depot and our Home Decorators Collection sites.
We continue to enhance and improve our Buy Online, Pick-up In-Store, and Buy Online, Return In-Store programs, and we are now rolling out a Buy Online, Ship-to-Store program. Each of these capabilities improves our customers’ overall shopping experience with us. We are also adding new capabilities to simplify and improve the customer experience for installation projects with our online tool MyInstall.
INTERNATIONAL
Our business in Canada had positive comparable store sales for every quarter of the year and is gaining share in the Canadian market. In Mexico, we opened our 100th store during the year and also continued the Mexican team’s consistent record of performance, with 37 quarters of positive comparable store sales in a row. We closed our seven big box stores in China during the year. After several years of effort, we concluded that we could not make that format profitable there.
2013
We believe our business is well positioned as the U.S. housing market continues on a path to recovery. For 2013, we will continue our efforts to improve our customer service and provide compelling values. I hope as you spend time in our stores, on our website or on our mobile applications you will see continued improvement.
Francis S. Blake March 28, 2013
 