DEAR ShAREhOlDERS, ASSOCiAtES, CUStOMERS, SUPPliERS AND COMMUNitiES:
From the beginning, outstanding customer service has been the cornerstone of our company. Our customers have high expectations of us because our associates set them. This expectation of outstanding customer service is what sets us apart as a retailer. The most critical job for those of us leading this company is to sustain a culture that never falls short of those customer expectations. Our “values wheel” summarizes that culture:
Associate engagement: Deliver differentiated customer service and the know-how our customers have come to expect from The Home Depot.
Product excitement: Drive value, price leadership and innovation through merchandising.
Product availability: Improve in-stock positions so customers can find and buy exactly what they need.
Shopping environment: Ensure that our stores are safe, clean and uncluttered.
Own the Pro: Be the number one destination for professional contractors, whose business today makes up roughly 30 percent of our retail sales.
2006 was a milestone year for our Supply segment. We completed the acquisition of Hughes Supply and successfully integrated it into our HD Supply business. We are now the second largest commercial distribution business in the United States. As we announced in February 2007, we are exploring strategic alternatives for HD Supply, including a possible sale of the business.
In 2006, we made a significant acquisition in China, a country with one of the largest and fastest growing home improvement markets in the world. The company we acquired, The Home Way, has stores that look very similar to ours in North America for a very good reason: We trained its founding management team in the mid 1990s.
Our goal is to provide the best customer experience in home improvement retail, the best place to work for our associates and the best place to invest. The five priorities described above are clearly aligned with the first two goals, and we will use a disciplined capital allocation approach to drive toward the third goal.
The most important barometer of the health of our company is the health of our culture. I hope that you shop our stores and experience our customer-focused culture firsthand.
Francis S. Blake
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer March 29, 2007
                                                                                                                                                                                         As you’ll read in the attached financial report, 2006 was a challenging year for us. We experienced a tough housing market, particularly in the second half of the year. We addressed this challenge by accelerating investment in our retail business and intensifying our focus on customer service and satisfaction.
Going forward, we expect 2007 to be a challenging year as the housing environment remains soft. We will continue to make the necessary investments in our retail business so that we will emerge even stronger when the industry recovers. We are focused on five priorities around which our leadership team, our associates and our investments are aligned.
 A4
 