                  LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
John B. Hess
Chairman of the Board and Chief executive officer
 This past year has been one of significant progress for Hess as we continued our transformation from an integrated oil and gas company to a focused, higher growth, lower risk pure play exploration and production (“E&P”) company.
Our reported net income for the year was the third highest in company history and our cash flow was the highest in our history.
Specifically, E&P earned $2.2 billion on a crude oil and natural gas production base of 406,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which represented a 10 percent increase from 2011. These strong financial and operating results were driven by an 87 percent increase in production in our leading position in the Bakken shale oil play in North Dakota. At year end, we had replaced 141 percent of our production at a finding, development and acquisition cost of about $38 per barrel of oil equivalent. Our proved reserves stood at 1.553 billion barrels of oil equivalent and our reserve life was 10.3 years.
MUlTI-YeAr TrANSforMATIoN To PUre PlAY e&P CoMPANY
Our Board and management team have been in the process of transforming Hess into a more focused and higher growth exploration and production company. On March 4, 2013, we announced
the culmination of that process by exiting our downstream businesses and becoming a pure play E&P company. Specifically, we are divesting our retail, energy marketing and trading businesses;
divesting our E&P assets in Indonesia and Thailand; and pursuing the monetization of our Bakken midstream assets. Proceeds from all initiatives announced to date will be used first to strengthen our balance sheet in order to fund future growth; next to increase returns to all shareholders through
a 150 percent increase in our annual dividend to $1 per share commencing in the third quarter of 2013, as well as to repurchase up to $4 billion of Hess shares. We also expect to return additional capital to shareholders in connection with the monetization of our midstream Bakken assets expected in 2015.
There have been essentially three phases that this transformation has followed. Beginning in 2010, with Phase One, we began a process of continuing to invest in our growth engines for the future, focusing the upstream business by pruning mature assets and reducing our exposure to the downstream business. We substantially built upon our leadership position in the Bakken, including adding 250,000 net acres in 2010; established a core position in the emerging Utica shale play in Eastern Ohio and, through a series of transactions, increased our ownership interest in the Valhall Field in Norway. We also closed our HOVENSA joint venture refinery in St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands in the first quarter of 2012.
In Phase Two, highlighted on our July 2012 earnings call, for the first time we publicly communicated how we were at a mid-point of Hess’ strategic transformation and specified steps the company was committed to making in the future in support of that process. These steps included focusing our E&P
 2

                strategy on lower risk and higher growth shale assets, including our Bakken and Utica positions; exploiting existing discoveries, such as Tubular Bells in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the
North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand; narrowing our exploration focus to a few key areas such as offshore Ghana; further divesting upstream assets to focus on our growth engines; continuing to reduce our exposure to downstream by completing our exit from the refining business with the closure of our Port Reading, New Jersey refinery and divesting our terminal network; and reducing our capital expenditures by increasing efficiencies in
the Bakken and sharpening our focus in exploration.
Phase Three, announced March 4, 2013, will complete our transformation to a pure play E&P company as we exit what remains of the downstream and further focus our E&P portfolio on future growth.
SAfeTY AND SoCIAl reSPoNSIBIlITY
Overall workforce safety performance improved
14 percent in 2012. The programs we introduced in response to the deterioration in contractor safety performance in 2011 proved effective, particularly in our growing business in the Bakken.
In 2012, the company continued its support of projects in education, health, and community development in partnership with communities
where we do business. In Ghana, we launched the Hess scholars program, a three-year initiative to increase access to secondary education for promising low-income students. In North Dakota, we began Succeed 2020, a program to improve school to career transitioning through integration
of college and career counseling, improving student achievement through teacher training, and developing strategies to address the achievement gap for at risk students. Hess provided significant support to relief efforts in the wake of Hurricane Sandy, mobilizing staff and resources to ensure that nearly all of our retail stations in the affected region would remain fully operational before, during and after the storm. The company provided $5 million
to the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City and the Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund.
oUr CoMMITMeNT
We are committed to delivering long-term sustainable value to all of our shareholders and believe the roadmap that we laid out earlier this month is the best way to achieve this goal.
I would like to thank our existing directors. Former Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady, former Governor Thomas Kean, former Senator Sam Nunn and Frank Olson will be retiring from our Board. Two of our senior executives, Greg Hill and Borden Walker, also are leaving the Board but will continue in their current leadership roles. All of these directors have served with distinction and there is no stronger statement of their leadership and contribution to this company than the quality of the incoming members who will follow in their footsteps. Our directors, along with our management team, deserve credit for building our company today and positioning us to create near and long-term value for all of our shareholders. As we complete our transformation to a pure play E&P company, we are adding six world-class independent directors to the Board: John Krenicki, Dr. Kevin Meyers, Fred Reynolds, Bill Schrader, Dr. Mark Williams and Jim Quigley. They bring the right mix of top corporate leadership, operational and financial expertise and top level E&P experience. We do not think there is
a better team anywhere for what we are trying to achieve. These independent directors agreed to join our Board because they believe in our outstanding plan, and they recognize that our plan is the right plan for all of our shareholders.
I want to express my gratitude to our employees, who continue to deliver strong performance to maximize the value of our assets for shareholders.
I especially want to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued interest and support.
John B. Hess
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2013
   3
