Letter to Shareholders
2013 was a remarkable year for our Company. In March
we accelerated our plan to transform Hess into a pure
play E&P company by fully exiting downstream operations, strengthening financial flexibility, and increasing cash returns to our shareholders.
By any measure our progress has been outstanding. We generated $7.8 billion in total proceeds from completed and announced asset sales, paid down $2.4 billion of short-term debt, funded our $1 billion cash flow deficit and added approximately $1 billion of cash to the balance sheet as a cushion against future commodity price volatility. We also commenced a $4 billion share repurchase program
Ð purchasing $1.5 billion of our common shares through December 31 Ð and raised our annual dividend by 150 percent to $1 per share.
Adjusted net income, excluding items affecting comparability, was $1.9 billion and cash flow from operations, before changes in working capital, was $5.6 billion on a crude oil and natural gas production base of 336,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, or 270,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day pro forma for our announced asset sales and excluding Libya, which has been largely shut-in since the third quarter of 2013 due to civil unrest.
We replaced 148 percent of production at a finding, development, and acquisition cost of approximately $36 per barrel of oil equivalent in 2013 on a pro forma basis. At year end our pro forma proved reserves stood at 1.362 billion barrels of oil equivalent and our reserve life was 12.8 years.
Continuing Momentum in 2014
We have entered this year with strong momentum and a balanced portfolio capable of delivering superior, sustainable returns to our shareholders. Looking at 2014 and beyond, we are fully confident that our initiatives have positioned
Hess to:
¥ Deliver 5 to 8 percent compound average annual production growth through 2017 from 2012 pro forma,
¥ Be free cash flow positive starting in 2015 based on $100 Brent.
Our high visibility production growth, estimated in 2014
to average between 305,000 and 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, is underpinned in the near term by assets with relatively low execution risk, the highest leverage to oil prices in our peer group, and industry leading cash margins.
Near-term production and cash flow growth will be driven by:
¥ The Bakken Shale in North Dakota, where Hess is one of the two largest oil and gas producers with some of the best acreage in arguably the best shale oil play in the world and where we recently raised our long-term production guidance;
¥ Tubular Bells in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, where production will commence in the third quarter of this year and recent drilling results indicate potential upside in both production and reserves; and
¥ Valhall in Norway, a long life material resource that generates free cash flow with further potential in terms of resource and production growth.
In the outer years, we will benefit from:
¥ The North Malay Basin project in Malaysia, which along with the neighboring JDA asset are long life, low risk, natural gas assets with oil linked pricing and exploratory upside that will be significant cash generators for the next two decades; and
¥ The Utica Shale play in Ohio, where we recently sold the majority of our dry gas acreage and have concentrated our focus on the wet gas window where we anticipate returns comparable to those in the Bakken.
With respect to our remaining divestitures, late last year we received a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS permitting Hess Corporation to spin Hess Retail tax-free to
2

its shareholders. On January 8th, Hess filed a Form 10 with the SEC in anticipation of completing the spin in mid-2014.
A parallel third-party sales process has also been initiated and is currently ongoing to determine which alternative maximizes value for shareholders.
In addition, the sale of our Thailand assets is well advanced and we expect to be able to make an announcement early this year. The divestment of our interest in our energy trading joint venture, HETCO, is also ongoing, and we anticipate the conclusion of this process later in 2014.
We are also working aggressively to structure our Bakken midstream assets in a way that would allow monetization without the loss of operating control, most likely through a Master Limited Partnership. We expect this event to occur no later than 2015 and provide additional cash returns to shareholders.
As evidenced by the recent sale of our dry gas acreage in the Utica, we are committed to creating additional shareholder value through ongoing portfolio optimization and allocating capital to the highest returns.
Safety and Social Responsibility
Overall workforce safety performance improved in 2013 despite a significant increase in the contractor base in North Dakota. Improved contractor selection, increased safety training and Stop Work Authority, contributed to the positive results.
We remain committed to engaging with our stakeholders and making a positive impact on the communities where we operate. In 2013 the Company continued its proactive involvement with a number of global initiatives designed to advance transparency, environmental protection, human rights and good governance. We also continued our long term efforts to advance education in our host communities. In North Dakota, our Succeed 2020 initiative is in its second
year and has trained more than 2,300 teachers and 150 counselors to help better prepare students for the workforce. In Ghana, the Hess Scholars program offers scholarships for 100 students attending secondary school, technical training programs and nursing school.
Our Commitment to Shareholders
To summarize, we are doing what we set out to do Ð and more Ð as we have essentially completed our transformation of Hess into a pure play E&P company. This coming year will be one in which the Company Ð and its shareholders Ð will benefit from continued execution around our focused and balanced portfolio of lower-risk, higher-growth assets.
We are immensely proud of each and every one of
our employees for their combined contributions to our tremendous progress. We also want to thank our Directors, who were deeply engaged in our transformation process, for their counsel and their unanimous support of our strategy.
2013 was an outstanding year for our Company and our shareholders. We look forward to carrying this momentum into 2014 and beyond to drive growth, enhance returns and create long-term value for our shareholders.
    Mark R. Williams
Chairman of the Board
John B. Hess
Chief Executive Officer March 5, 2014
3
