 In 2005, we made significant progress in executing our strategy to grow shareholder value over the long term. That strategy is to grow reserves and production in
a sustainable and financially disciplined manner and
to deliver consistent financial performance from our Marketing and Refining assets for more immediate returns and free cash flow.
Our Corporation delivered another year of strong operating and financial results. Earnings rose to a record $1.2 billion as the effect of higher crude oil and natural gas prices more than offset the negative impact on production from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Our capital and exploratory expenditures in 2005 totaled $2.5 billion, of which approximately $2.4 billion was invested in Exploration and Production and about $100 million in Marketing and Refining. Our Exploration and Production expenditures included more than
$1 billion for field developments.
In Exploration and Production, we made substantial progress in advancing our field developments, building a high-impact exploration program and capturing long-term growth opportunities through several new country entries. Our proved reserves increased to
1.1 billion barrels of oil equivalent at year-end, and
we replaced approximately 140% of our production at a finding, development and acquisition cost of about
$13.60 per barrel. Our reserve life improved to 8.8 years, marking the third consecutive year in which we have lengthened our reserve life. We are building a sustainable and profitable business with excellent visibility of growth in reserves and production.
In Marketing and Refining, we continued to grow our retail and energy marketing businesses and delivered strong operating performance at our refineries. Our tightly focused regional business model and well known brand allow us to be very competitive and generate strong financial performance.
EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
In 2005, significant progress was made in our major field developments, including three new field start-ups Ð Block A-18 in the Joint Development Area between Malaysia and Thailand (JDA), the Clair Field in the United Kingdom, and ACG Phase I in Azerbaijan. In addition, the Phu Horm gas development in Thailand was sanctioned in 2005. Approvals of the Shenzi development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Ujung Pangkah oil development in Indonesia are expected during 2006. Over the next several years, we will bring on production from major new field developments in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea, West Africa and Southeast Asia. All of our operated development projects continue to be on schedule and on budget.
JOHN B. HESS
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Stockholders:
 2

 With regard to exploration, we added new acreage in Libya, Egypt, Brazil and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Our drilling program for 2006 includes approximately seven high-impact wells in the Gulf of Mexico.
As part of our strategy to add profitable, long-lived reserves, we established operations in two new countries, Russia and Egypt, and re-entered our former operations in Libya.
¥ In early 2005, Amerada Hess acquired a controlling interest in the Samara-Nafta joint venture in the Volga-Urals region of Russia and added additional assets and licenses to the venture during the year. We currently have invested about $400 million in Russia and have recognized 87 million barrels of proved reserves.
¥ Amerada Hess acquired a 55% interest in, and the operatorship of, the deepwater portion of
the West Med Block in Egypt. The block contains existing natural gas discoveries as well as exploration opportunities.
¥ After a 19-year absence, we, along with our Oasis Group partners, successfully concluded negotiations to resume operations in Libya where we have an
8% interest in the Waha concessions. We began to recognize production and reserves in 2006.
MARKETING AND REFINING
Marketing and Refining had another impressive year of performance in 2005. The HOVENSA and Port Reading refineries both underwent successful turnarounds of their fluid catalytic cracking (FCC) units in the first quarter and benefited from an exceptional year of strong margins. Despite a challenging hurricane season and warmer than normal winter temperatures, our retail and energy marketing businesses also delivered another year of strong operational results. Retail marketing experienced solid growth in 2005, with year-over-year average gasoline volumes per station increasing by 7%, and convenience store revenue rising by 4%.
FINANCIAL POSITION
In 2005, Amerada Hess Corporation reported record net income of $1.2 billion, or $11.94 per share. Exploration and Production earned nearly $1.1 billion and Marketing and Refining earned $515 million.
As a result of strong operating performance and the favorable pricing environment in 2005, our debt to capitalization ratio improved by three percentage points to 37.6 percent at the end of the year.
In response to the tragic devastation caused by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, the Corporation and our employees donated $1.6 million to the American Red Cross to assist in the relief efforts in the Gulf Coast. In addition, the Corporation donated 50,000 of our 2005 Hess Toy Trucks to the United States Marine Corps Reserve Toys for Tots program, which were distributed to children impacted by the storms.
We are pleased with the performance of our assets and our organization in 2005 and remain optimistic that the investments we are making for the future will grow our reserves and production profitably and create sustainable long-term value for our shareholders.
We deeply appreciate our employees for their dedication and hard work, our Directors for their guidance and leadership, and our stockholders for their continued interest and support.
JOHN B. HESS
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2006
 3
