TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
We entered the year 2000 with increasing momentum toward achieving our goal of providing supe- rior financial returns. We continue to increase our crude oil and natural gas production and expand our retail marketing business. We have made substantial progress in implementing the business plan adopted in 1995 to reshape the Company’s asset base to improve financial performance. That busi- ness plan resulted in the sale of over $2 billion of mature, low return assets and investments in higher return projects, including 15 crude oil and natural gas field developments.
1999 began with oil prices near an historical low of $12.34 per barrel. By year-end, prices had reached $25.90 and have continued to strengthen. Refining margins remained under severe pressure through- out the year and into 2000, but have improved recently.
During 1999 we:
• Increased production to 339,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from 302,000 barrels per day in 1998.
• Reduced operating costs by about $100 million, split nearly equally between exploration and
production and refining and marketing.
• Sold $340 million of terminal and retail marketing assets and $55 million of onshore California
natural gas properties.
• Reduced debt by $343 million and improved our total debt to capitalization ratio to 43% from
50% at year-end 1998.
Throughout the year, we maintained financial discipline and significantly strengthened our balance sheet. We completed development of seven new oil and gas fields, reduced capital expenditures by $642 million to $797 million, reduced exploration expenses by $88 million to $261 million and contin- ued to expand and upgrade our HESS retail network.
We face both significant challenges and great opportunities as we begin a new century.
EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
We now have onstream 12 of the new oil and gas fields in which we invested to replace the mature properties sold as part of our restructuring. These new fields have superior financial returns and contributed strongly to the Company’s exploration and production earnings of $174 million in the fourth quarter of 1999. Our total unit cost per barrel of oil equivalent production dropped to $11.75 in 1999 from $13.80 in 1998 and $14.50 in 1997.
 4

Exploration and production continues to be the primary vehicle for future income and growth. We expect to increase production in 2000 by about 10% over 1999 levels on a crude oil equivalent basis. Our challenge in exploration and production is to continue to provide long-term, profitable growth.
Our exploration and production strategy will be balanced among exploration, reserve development and reserve acquisitions. In 2000:
• We have a focused exploration program comprising 35 wells.
• We are pursuing field redevelopment and reserve development opportunities.
• We will seek reserve acquisition opportunities that offer low cost production and volumetric upside
in strategic areas.
Our goal is to increase to one third the portion of our oil and gas reserves that are outside the United States and the North Sea. Currently, 14% of our reserves are outside those areas. We have initiatives under way in our focus areas of Brazil, North and West Africa and Central and Southeast Asia. We are increasing our exposure to less mature areas that offer the potential for high-impact, long- life reserves to balance our portfolio, which currently is weighted toward the high net present value, but shorter life reserves generally found in the Gulf of Mexico and the North Sea.
Attractive opportunities are available as countries that previously excluded foreign investment now actively seek it. Consolidation in the petroleum industry and the high debt levels of certain companies will result in assets becoming available. Our strong financial position permits us to pursue transactions that meet our strategic goals and financial return objectives.
The results of our 1999 exploration program fell short of our targets, in part due to a severely reduced program. However, we did replace about 90% of our production excluding purchases and sales. Probable reserves increased slightly. At year-end 1999, we had over one billion barrels of proved reserves and more than seven hundred million barrels of probable reserves, on a barrel of oil equivalent basis. Two thirds of our proved reserves are crude oil and one third is natural gas.
REFINING AND MARKETING
The Company’s refining and marketing operations improved in 1999 despite one of the weakest years in history for refining margins and modest retail margins. The Company reported profitable operations in each quarter of 1999. Our challenge in refining and marketing is to achieve double-digit returns on
5

capital employed in a business that has traditionally suffered from low margins and relatively poor finan- cial performance. Refining and marketing will be a smaller portion of the Company’s portfolio of assets with less exposure to refining, but more to marketing. We will selectively invest to expand our HESS retail marketing business along the East Coast of the United States and pursue opportunities to expand our energy marketing business with our industrial and commercial customers in the northeast United States.
Early this year HOVENSA, the joint venture refinery company owned by Amerada Hess and Petroleos de Venezuela S.A., began constructing a 58,000 barrel per day delayed coking unit and related facili- ties that will further enhance financial returns for the St. Croix refinery. The $535 million construction project, being financed by HOVENSA, will take approximately two years. Currently, HOVENSA is pro- cessing approximately 155,000 barrels per day of Venezuelan crude oil. Upon completion of construction of the coker, 115,000 barrels per day of less expensive, heavy Venezuelan crude oil also will be processed at the refinery. With the addition of the coker and favorable crude oil supply arrangements, we envision the St. Croix refinery being the preeminent merchant refinery in the world.
Financial returns from our expanding retail marketing business showed considerable improvement in 1999. Our retail marketing initiatives emphasize:
• Building new HESS EXPRESS stores to provide one-stop shopping, quality and convenience.
• Adding convenience stores to all retail locations.
• Acquisitions in select markets along the East Coast of the United States.
We continued to reshape our retail marketing asset base by selling 40 outlets in areas where our gasoline margins have been weak and purchasing 60 retail outlets in Pennsylvania and Florida which are higher margin markets for us. In the second quarter, we will purchase 178 Merit retail sites that will be converted to the HESS brand. We expect to have about 950 HESS retail outlets by the end of 2000, compared with 548 at the end of 1995.
In energy marketing, our strategy is to be a total energy provider to our industrial and commer- cial customers in the northeastern United States. We have reached agreement to purchase the energy marketing business of Statoil Energy Services, a transaction that will more than double the Company’s sales of natural gas to end users and supplement its fuel oil business. The transaction also adds to our Company a well managed, highly professional organization and operation and provides a customer base for expansion of high value electricity sales.
6

SHAREHOLDER VALUE
Our corporate challenge is to increase current returns to shareholders and shareholder value while continuing to grow our business and maintain a strong balance sheet. Given the successful restruc- turing of our asset base, the Company’s earnings outlook and strong financial position and the conviction that our Common Stock is an excellent investment, your Board of Directors has authorized spending up to $300 million to repurchase shares of Common Stock.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Amerada Hess had operating earnings of $307 million in 1999 compared with an operating loss of $196 million in 1998. Excluding special items, exploration and production earned $324 million in 1999 com- pared with a loss of $18 million in 1998. Refining and marketing operations posted a profit of $133 million versus a loss of $18 million in 1998. Interest expense and other corporate charges were $150 million in 1999 compared with $160 million in 1998.
Results including special items amounted to net income of $438 million ($4.85 per share) versus a loss of $459 million in 1998 ($5.12 per share). Details of results of operations appear under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition beginning on page 20 of this Annual Report.
We thank our employees for their hard work and dedication in helping us through the financial chal- lenges that we faced in 1998 and early in 1999 and for their many contributions in successfully reshaping the Company’s asset base to improve financial performance. We express our deep appreciation to our Directors for their continued wise guidance and advice. We thank our stockholders for their support and confidence. We are excited about the Company’s future and the initiatives we have under way to continue the Company’s profitable growth.
                  March 1, 2000
JOHN B. HESS
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
W.S.H. LAIDLAW
President and Chief Operating Officer
7
