   Iam pleased to report 2010 net income of $38 million,
or $0.36 per diluted share. These earnings represented meaningful improvement over the prior year, as global economic recovery took hold and demand for refined petro- leum products began to improve. U.S. distillate demand increased by 3.4% over 2009 levels, as improving industrial activity and diesel exports into growing global markets drove demand higher, and U.S. recovery trends provided
a moderate improvement of 0.4% in U.S. gasoline demand. Advances in drilling technologies, improved access to capi- tal, and a higher crude price led to an increase in available crude oil supplies, contributing to wider heavy and sour crude differentials. While these macroeconomic improve- ments were underway, Frontier focused internally on an initiative to reduce costs, enhance yields, expand margin capture, and control capital expenditures. The cumulative impact to our Company was an almost 260% increase in our refinery operating margin (revenues less raw material and operating costs) per barrel versus 2009 and 50% growth in our share price through the year.
Each of the individual components contributing to overall refining profitability improved in 2010, compared to 2009. Our average diesel crack spread increased by 53%, while our average gasoline crack spread grew by 8%. Our average light/heavy crude oil differential increased by 56%, and the average sweet/sour (WTI/WTS) crude oil differential improved by 30%. We reduced refinery operating expenses by 5%, or $14 million, and decreased overhead expenses
by 20%, or $11 million.
We have made good progress on the Cheyenne profitabil-
ity initiative, launched in late 2009 to improve margins by $3 to $4 per barrel by year-end 2011. At the completion
of 2010, we had achieved about half of this goal. Annual operating costs have been reduced; product yield values have been improved, particularly during periods when
we use more local sweet crudes such as Bakken for which Cheyenne has logistical advantages; and refining margins have increased through our commercial and blending proj- ects designed to optimize use of lower cost blendstocks. In 2011, we will continue efforts to improve the reliability of the Cheyenne Refinery while completing the profitability initiative, including the installation of the LPG project to improve recovery of liquid hydrocarbons currently burned as refinery fuel gas.
The El Dorado Refinery had a strong year in 2010, reach- ing new milestones in crude rates and light product yields. El Dorado achieved daily rates as high as 140,000 barrels per day (“bpd”) with combined gasoline and diesel production as high as 144,000 bpd. To meet low sulfur (Tier II) gasoline requirements, we completed the Gofiner project by year-end 2010, also allowing us to improve the quality of feed to the catalytic cracker, which further improves light product yields in El Dorado and increases the effective capacity of this process unit.
As we look to 2011, we anticipate continuing improvements in refined product demand, while growing inland crude production will exceed near-term pipeline offtake capacities. This means that our refineries should benefit from lower- priced feedstocks for both sweet and sour crude in comparison to our coastal competitors. Canadian crude supply into the midcontinent has increased with the availability of new pipe- line capacity to Cushing, while production from the nearby Bakken formation continues to surpass expectations, and the Niobrara play is emerging in our backyard in Northeast Colorado and Southeast Wyoming.
Frontier’s financial position continued to strengthen in 2010, and at year-end our balance sheet was again among the strongest in our industry. We generated $232 million in operating cash flow, reinvested $85 million in our refineries, paid $7 million in dividends, and increased our year-end cash balance by $133 million to $559 million. While contrac- tually unable to declare dividends throughout 2010, following our 2009 switch to LIFO inventory accounting, we are pleased to reinstate the regular cash dividend in 2011, and based on the successful results of the past year, are further pleased to supplement this with a special dividend to shareholders in an amount approximately replacing the foregone quarterly dividend payments during 2010.
On a final note, Frontier announced on February 22nd, 2011 that we have entered into a definitive agreement to merge with Holly Corporation to create one of the strongest, most profitable and best capitalized independent refining companies in the United States. This is a merger of two outstanding companies, styled as a merger of equals in which Frontier shareholders will own 49% of the com- bined company. Our objectives in bringing these companies together are to create an operation with greater scale, to broaden our manufacturing base, to improve our capacity to withstand industry volatility, and to enhance our ability to grow strategically – all while retaining exposure to the differentiated geographic markets for refined products
and crude oil supply that have been central to our success through the years. Our transaction is expected to close early in the third quarter of 2011. Prior to this, there will be regulatory reviews as well
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 as a shareholder vote on the merger, during which we would appreciate your support. Until the transaction closes, Frontier remains an independent public company and will be focused on executing our strategies with the same commitment to excellence we have always upheld.
As always, we thank you for your continuing support of Frontier Oil Corporation.
Michael C. Jennings Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
      