 RThe year 2009 is one that most petroleum refiners will be happy to put in the rearview mirror.
 Frontier Oil reported a net loss of $83.8 million during the year – our first loss in a decade. The economic recession of 2008 continued as unemploy- ment grew and demand for refined petroleum prod- ucts fell precipitously. To compound this situation, new refining capacity, funded with the profits of the 2004–2007 upcycle, came onstream worldwide. The net effect was a sharp contraction in refined product margins, which caused several refineries to cease operations.
Our Company was not immune, and we saw our gross margin (revenue less raw material cost) per barrel fall from $10.28 in 2008 to $5.54 in 2009. Product demand was responsible for much of this decline, particularly the demand for middle distil- lates, which fell by 11% nationwide versus 2008. The decline also stemmed from less attractive dis- counts on heavy/sour crudes. To balance global crude inventories, OPeC producers withheld sub- stantial volumes of heavy crude from the market, while Canadian production growth was deferred due to lower commodity prices and limited capital for new development. The Cheyenne Refinery, which has traditionally run 80% heavy crude, felt this effect sharply. With a decrease in the light/heavy crude differential per barrel from $17.15 in 2008 to $6.61 in 2009, the Cheyenne Refinery operated at
a loss for the year. We believe the fundamentals that increased the relative cost of the heavy/sour crude will persist until the global crude supply becomes heavier due to growth in Canadian and other heavy/sour production.
From the perspective of February 2010, the road ahead of us remains uphill. With that said, it is important through this downturn to keep sight of who we are as a Company and build upon the stra- tegic advantages that have brought us this far, specifically our market geography and high-quality assets. Frontier serves niche markets in the middle of the country that are short-supplied by indigenous refining capacity, and our Refineries are well sup- plied by local crude production. Furthermore, while refinery complexity is not presently “in-the-money,” we believe that through the economic cycle, our ability to upgrade discounted feedstocks will be
a continuing source of incremental profits.
In terms of competitive position, our el Dorado Refinery is very strong, and we are taking major steps to reposition Cheyenne in terms
of both operating costs and refinery yields. The effort involved is considerable given the sharp change of fortune regarding heavy crude oil pricing. Still, we believe in the Cheyenne Refinery and the markets it serves, and we are moving aggressively to implement a cost structure and product yield structure that will allow the Cheyenne Refinery
to again be a meaningful contributor to Frontier’s profits. Lastly, Frontier’s corporate overhead costs are lean relative to our peer companies, even adjusted for scale.
Our Company’s financial position remains strong. During 2009, we generated operating cash flow of $141 million, reinvested $169 million in our Refiner- ies, and paid $25 million in dividends. At year-end, we had a cash balance of $425 million versus debt of $347 million, one of the strongest balance sheets among the independent refiners. We converted from FIFO to LIFO inventory accounting in 2009, which will result in a one-time cash flow improvement of approximately $86 million and improves our finan- cial strength and peer comparability. The negative consequence of this accounting change was the near-term suspension of our cash dividend as we wrote off previously recorded FIFO earnings and are therefore limited for a period of time from mak- ing dividend payments due to bond covenants. As business conditions improve and earnings return, we expect to commence paying cash dividends on our common stock as we have done for many years.
Before signing off, I wish to applaud the people
of Frontier, in particular those people throughout our workforce and contractor base who make the extra effort to ensure our refinery operations are conducted safely and responsibly. I assure those who own Frontier stock that this focus is genuine and contributes to our Company’s value. Thank you for your continuing support.
Michael C. Jennings
President and
Chief executive Officer
  