2
 TO OUR SHAREH
I am pleased to report that 2013
was another strong year for HollyFrontier, a year that included significant financial and operational accomplishments as we delivered healthy earnings results, continued to return capital to stockholders, and successfully completed
major turnaround projects at our refineries. We are proud of what we accomplished in a volatile market and are confident that we are well positioned to continue building on HollyFrontier’s success.
HollyFrontier Corporation 2013 Annual Report
OLDERS
SOLID FINANCIAL RESULTS DRIVEN BY UNDERLYING STRENGTHS
The geographic proximity of our refining assets to lower cost feedstocks, and our ability
to process both light and heavy crudes continue to be key differentiators for HollyFrontier. While the narrowing of the WTI / Brent crude differential and the market impact of the government’s Renewable Fuel Standard affected our results in 2013, our margins remained strong and we are optimistic about our forward outlook.
In 2013 we achieved:
• NetIncomeattributabletoHFCstockholdersof$735.8million
• Grossrefiningmarginsof$15.99perproducedbarrel
• Operatingcashflowof$869million
• AsofDecember31,2013,wehad$1.7billionincashandshort-terminvestments
and approximately $190 million in long-term debt (excluding HEP debt of $808 million)
These 2013 financial results demonstrate HollyFrontier’s ability to successfully execute, deliver solid financial performance, and create value for stockholders. We expect contin- ued growth in North American crude oil production, consistent customer demand for our products and we believe that our Company’s fundamental strengths will continue to create attractive opportunities.
STRONG TRACK RECORD OF RETURNING CAPITAL TO STOCKHOLDERS
In 2013, HollyFrontier returned over $825 million to stockholders through regular quarterly dividends, special dividends and share repurchases. During the year, the Board of Directors increased the Company’s regular quarterly dividend by 50% and approved four special divi- dends. On an annualized basis, the Company’s cash dividend yield is now approximately 7%. In addition, we completed the repurchase of more than $180 million worth of shares under our $700 million share repurchase plan previously approved by the Board. Since completing the HollyFrontier merger in July 2011, the Board has increased the regular dividend by 300% and the Company has returned nearly $2.0 billion in capital to stockholders.
Over the last two and half years, we believe we have proven our commitment to returning a significant portion of cash we generate to shareholders. Looking forward, our structural advan- tages should continue to drive strong free cash flow, allowing us to continue with significant dividend and share repurchase distributions driving superior total shareholder returns.
INVESTING IN OUR OPERATIONS
This was a year of investment and transition for HollyFrontier, as we completed planned turnaround projects at four of our five refineries. While these projects were planned prior to our merger in 2011, moving forward we anticipate staggering these types of projects to better balance production downtime and project management needs across our system.
We invested more than $370 million in our facilities in 2013, with the goal of expanding our refining capabilities, improving efficiency of our operations and minimizing environmental impacts by reducing waste, emissions and other releases. We are confident that the invest- ments we are making in our facilities will enable us to achieve stronger margins and drive sustainable long-term value creation. Our 2013 capital investment projects included:
• Woods Cross Refinery Expansion Our multi-year expansion program at our facility near Salt Lake City, Utah will increase our capacity to serve the important Las Vegas market through the UNEV Pipeline, as well as Salt Lake City and other markets across

 the Inter-Mountain West. As part of the expansion, we are increasing our capacity to pro- cess locally sourced black wax crude from 10,000 barrels to 24,000 barrels a day. We expect Phase 1, which will increase capacity from 31,000 to 45,000 barrels a day, to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2015.
• El Dorado Naphtha Fractionation Ongoing work at our El Dorado refinery will improve liquid yields, enable us to generate hydrogen using Natural Gas as a feedstock rather than crude oil and reduce lower value by-products yields such as fuel gas, propane, butane and benzene by further fractionating our Naphtha stream. This growth project is underway and we expect it to be completed in the spring of 2015.
• Holly Energy Partners’ Crude Gathering System Expansion We are expanding our New Mexico gathering capacity from 30,000 barrels per day to 100,000 barrels per day by building 40 miles of new pipeline, bringing 65 miles of existing idled pipeline back into service and adding new connections to major clearing points in Cushing, Oklahoma, Midland, Texas and Crane, Texas. Phases of this project have already been brought online, and we anticipate full completion of the expanded system by mid-year.
COMMITTED TO HEALTH, SAFETY AND OUR COMMUNITIES
Health, safety and environmental stewardship remain at the center of our business and we
put our employees, contractors and neighboring communities first. As a team, we strive to operate in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner. We are putting tremendous effort into operational training, procedural discipline and process safety. We continue to make key safety initiatives like the Risk-Based Inspection Program and Operational Integrity and Training a top priority. HollyFrontier is made up of 2,662 hardworking employees and we are grateful for their service and dedication. Their hard work enables HollyFrontier to maintain safe and reliable operations. For 2013, we logged a 28% decrease in employee recordable safety inci- dents versus 2012, which in turn represented a 16% improvement versus the prior year. Our goal in terms of safety incidents remains zero. Also during 2013, we actively participated in our com- munities – contributing both our financial resources and our time to make a difference in the lives of the people around us. We feel fortunate to have the support of our customers, the communities that host our operations and our employees, as we engage in our daily work.
LOOKING AHEAD
This is an exciting time for HollyFrontier as we continue to perform well – both financially and operationally – and take the necessary steps to position our Company for continued long-term success. In the year ahead, we look forward to continuing our focus on operational excellence as we execute on our strategic goals and create value for stockholders.
Sincerely,
MICHAEL C. JENNINGS
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
“Since completing the HollyFrontier merger in July 2011, the Board has increased the reg- ular dividend by 300% and the Company
has returned nearly $2.0 billion in capital to stockholders."
– MICHAEL C. JENNINGS
 3
