2007 CORPORATE REPORT

"The Hartford's financial strength and diversified business model make a compelling case for enduring shareholder value."
Ramani Ayer

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Dear

SHAREHOLDERS:

I

am proud to report that The Hartford had a strong 2007. Even with the market challenges we faced in the second half of the year, our full-year 2007 results were the best in the company's history. Core earnings rose 22 percent to $3.5 billion, a full-year record. Core earnings per diluted share grew to $10.99, a 21 percent increase over 2006.1 Net income reached $2.9 billion, an increase of 7 percent year-over-year. Assets under management surpassed $426 billion. Book value per share2 was up 11 percent, and our return on equity topped 15 percent. To begin to tell the story of our 2007 performance, one must first consider the market dynamics we faced. In the first half of 2007, like much of the rest of our industry, The Hartford enjoyed the economic tailwinds of 2006. At the same time, we saw soft pricing and competition emerging more strongly in the property and casualty insurance marketplace. Still, fueled by the fine performance of our 31,000 employees, our business results across the enterprise were strong, and
1

our share price rose to all-time highs in 2007 , closing at $106.02 on May 22. But soon volatility became the norm for the equity markets, and our share price roller-coastered throughout the rest of the year, finishing 2007 at $87.19. Two market dynamics in the latter half of 2007 influenced investor sentiment toward the insurance and financial services industries. First, there were lower earnings growth expectations for property and casualty and life insurance companies. And second, the subprime crisis and the disruption in the credit and equity markets led to growing anxiety about the possibility of a recession. The Hartford's operating strength has provided its shareholders with excellent long-term value. Over the past three years, our total shareholder return3 was an annualized 10 percent, outperforming the S&P 500 Index at 8.6 percent and the S&P Insurance Composite Index at 5.8 percent. Returns over the five-year period were even better, with a total annualized return of 16.2 percent, surpassing the S&P 500 and insurance composite indices at 12.8 percent and 9 percent, respectively. However, our excellent operating results in 2007 were not enough to overcome challenging equity and credit markets, and our total shareholder return was down 4.6 percent for the year,
3

2

Core earnings is a financial measure not calculated based on generally accepted accounting principles. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income.

Includes dividends.

2007 CORPORATE REPORT

Members of the Office of the Chairman Left to right: Neal S. Wolin President and Chief Operating Officer, Property and Casualty Operations; Alan J. Kreczko Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Thomas M. Marra President and Chief Operating Officer, The Hartford; John C. Walters Co-Chief Operating Officer, Life Operations, and President, U.S. Wealth Management; Ramani Ayer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, The Hartford; Eileen Whelley Executive Vice President, Human Resources; David M. Johnson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Lizabeth H. Zlatkus Co-Chief Operating Officer, Life Operations, and President, International Wealth Management and Group Benefits; Connie K. Weaver Senior Vice President, Marketing and Communications; David M. Znamierowski Chief Investment Officer and President, Hartford Investment Management Company

individuals and families (49 percent of earnings), small and mid-size businesses (25 percent), and Net income large enterprises and government entities (26 percent). With a range of products in multiple markets, the company is able to an increase of 7% target new investment in those areas with the greatest potential Strength and Diversification for organic growth. In this challenging marketplace, the The Hartford's product offercompanies that win are those that ings generated excellent returns in couple diverse business operations 2007. Our asset management and retirement income busiand opportunities with strong balance sheets. The Hartford has prepared itself in the past decade to become such a company. nesses ­ global retail investment products, retirement plans, and Our strong balance sheet ­ with more than $20 billion in institutional financial products ­ delivered record profits, reflectstockholders' equity4 ­ provides the company with the capital ing our efforts to diversify our earnings base and grow scale. strength and flexibility to compete in all of our product lines We saw especially strong growth in mutual funds, 401(k) plans, while navigating the range of market conditions we faced in the and institutional financial products. Overall, we had deposits of second half of 2007 and continue to experience so far in 2008. $53 billion in 2007, up 23 percent from 2006. The Hartford benefits from diverse earnings streams, which Our protection businesses ­ property and casualty insurhave contributed to our ability to generate strong returns in ance, individual life insurance, and group benefits ­ produced different market environments. Our core earnings are generally similarly impressive results in 2007. Facing intense competition, split 60/40 between protection solutions and asset managea slowing economy, and softening pricing in the property and ment/retirement income solutions. Our customer base includes casualty insurance marketplace, these businesses saw increasing compared to the S&P 500, which increased 5.5 percent. While our stock performance in 2007 was disappointing, we did manage to outpace our peers slightly, as the S&P Insurance Composite Index declined 6.3 percent in 2007.

$2.9 billion

4

Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income.

2

"...a well-developed culture of financial discipline and astute capital and risk management."

top-line pressure throughout customer opportunities. We grow the year. and ensure the lifelong wealth of Still, our property and casualty individuals and families. We protect Return on equity business grew while exercising their personal property and assets. underwriting discipline, managing And we serve the protection costs, and delivering exemplary and financial solution needs of service. That formula led to record businesses, public entities, and in 2007 performance. Property and casualty not-for-profits. ongoing operations achieved a Growing Your Wealth and full-year combined ratio of 90.8, Ensuring Lifelong Income a measure of profitability which here means that, after claims and As the Baby Boom generation's expenses, we earned more than 9 cents on every dollar of need for supplemental retirement income solutions has increased, so has The Hartford grown its reputation in personal premium. Record full-year core earnings topped $1.6 billion, wealth management. We provide smart financial solutions a 10 percent increase over 2006. to investors through the wealth accumulation period of preThe Hartford's group benefits business grew fully insured retirement, as well as during retirement itself, when security premium in 2007 to $4.2 billion, a 3 percent increase over the is sought with lifelong guaranteed income. prior year, and core earnings increased 10 percent to a record Let's first take a look at the wealth accumulation phase. $338 million. In individual life insurance, The Hartford grew Mutual funds are among the most effective ways to grow insurance in force by 9 percent year-over-year to $179 billion. wealth in the years leading up to retirement, and The Hartford's The Power of Our Brand family of mutual funds has never been more attractive. In fact, The Hartford's success in 2007 is in many ways the result in 2007, we achieved a significant milestone, accumulating more of the power of our brand and a passionate focus on three than $50 billion in assets, a 27 percent increase year-over-year.

15.5%

3

"...diversifying our earnings base and growing scale."
Protecting Your Property, Income, and Assets Our growing reputation is founded on strong fund perThe Hartford provides a full suite of insurance solutions for formance. Over the past five years, 86 percent of The Hartford's individuals and families, ensuring that key assets ­ auto, home, equity funds have ranked in the top two Lipper quartiles.5 In and life ­ are protected against the unexpected. fact, Barron's ranked The Hartford's family of funds fourth We distribute auto and homeowners insurance through overall in a field of 67 competitors and first among U.S. equity 6 two channels ­ via independent agents and direct to customers funds in 2007. through our exclusive relationship with AARP, an affinity The Hartford's leadership in the next phase of financing group of 39 million members, 50 years of age or older. In retirement ­ securing retirement income ­ continues to grow. 2007, we extended our agreement with AARP to 2020. With longevity increasing and traditional government- and The auto and home insurance marketplace in 2007 employer-sponsored pensions in decline, ensuring a lifelong was very challenging. Growth rates were flat, prices were soft, income stream is more important than ever for retirees. and competition was fierce. Still, The Hartford outperformed The Hartford is a global leader in variable annuity prodthe market and grew total policies in force by 3 percent over ucts, many of which offer guaranteed lifetime income options. the prior year. In fact, in our direct sales channel to AARP Even in an increasingly challenging marketplace for sales of varimembers, we grew written premium by 7 percent. able annuities, The Hartford has consistently met customers' In our independent agency channel, we continue to invest needs and balanced the benefits and costs of lifetime guarantees. in the expansion of our distribution network, adding regional In the United States, our variable annuity sales increased offices and new agents. In the 9 percent to $13.2 billion, led by sales past two years, The Hartford has of our Lifetime Income Builder II. increased the number of agents Individual annuity assets under selling its auto and homeowners management, including fixed annuProperty and Casualty insurance by more than 75 percent ities, grew to $129 billion at the to 7,000. end of 2007. core earnings Overall written premiums in In Japan, The Hartford continpersonal lines totaled $3.9 billion ues to grow its reputation as a leader in 2007, up 5 percent year-overin retirement income solutions. In year.8 Disciplined underwriting fact, The Hartford ranks No. 1 in an increase of 10% over 2006 in this business ­ resulting in a variable annuity assets under mancombined ratio of 91.7 ­ led to agement, with a 24 percent share of 7 strong results. Full-year underthe market. In 2007, Japan variable writing income was $322 million. annuity sales increased 8 percent to The Hartford also offers individuals and families a compre$6.3 billion, fueled by increased distribution and the introset of life insurance products: variable life, universal hensive duction of a new product that satisfies customer demand for life, whole life, and term life insurance. In 2007, The Hartford a shorter investment horizon. Our total assets under managegrew life insurance account values by 9 percent. In variable life ment in Japan increased to almost $38 billion at year-end, insurance, where we rank first in the industry in total premium,9 up 20 percent from 2006. sales grew 13 percent over the prior year. Net income increased In the United Kingdom, The Hartford's relatively new 21 percent in 2007, to $182 million. operation there distinguished itself with the successful launch of a groundbreaking personal pension product. It provides guaranProtecting and Growing Your Business teed income with the potential for growth through participation When it comes to protecting and growing America's businesses, in the equity markets. Awarded "Best Innovation" for 2007 by The Hartford has a well-earned reputation for trust, consistently Moneyfacts magazine, the new pension product made headlines delivering value, service, and dependability. Our suite of throughout the U.K. financial press. business insurance and financial solutions is well-known in

$1.6 billion

5 6 7

Of those funds with five-year records, at December 31, 2007. Barron's, February 4, 2008. Hoken Mainichi Shimbun.

8 9

Excluding the effect of our non-standard auto insurance business, which was sold in 2006. As measured by total premium, by LIMRA International.

4

"...building superior customer solutions and delivering exceptional results."
the industry for its quality and breadth: commercial auto and In December 2007, The Hartford announced three strategic property insurance, professional and employer liability protecacquisitions to accelerate future growth of our retirement plans tion, employee benefit and retirement plans, group annuities, business. These acquisitions12 will add scale in core market segand more. ments, an established presence in new market segments, and Our strong product portfolio has helped establish enhanced technology to serve our customers more effectively. The Hartford as the business partner of choice for many companies. This was especially important in 2007, as competition Looking Ahead: 2008 and Beyond intensified and prices in the property and casualty insurance In a slowing economy and challenging marketplace, marketplace continued to soften. The Hartford's financial strength and diversified business Our small business insurance products are market leaders model make a compelling case for enduring shareholder value. in the United States, with more than 1 million property and The company has a well-developed culture of financial casualty policies in force in 2007. Our proficiency in the middiscipline and astute capital and risk management. Together, size and large business insurance market is also significant. these add up to a strong balance sheet, attractive returns, We continue to exercise our deep expertise in sectors such as and a history of rational pricing and financial guarantees. communications, technology, professional services, and private With this sound financial platform and smart, inspired education, allowing us to continue to grow policies in force in leadership, we will build on the benchmark achievements of a market that saw intense competition in 2007. 2007 and continue to unlock the power of our brand in 2008. Our strong underwriting perOne leader in our exceptional formance in both small commercial management ranks bears highand middle market ­full-year lighting. In 2007, Tom Marra, combined ratios of 81.4 and 93.9, a longtime colleague and the respectively ­ led us to post former leader of our Life operaLife core earnings strong bottom-line results in 2007, tions, was named President and generating $508 million and Chief Operating Officer of $144 million, respectively, in underThe Hartford.13 Tom has been with the company for more than writing income. an increase of 24% over 2006 a quarter century, building superior In addition to business insurcustomer solutions and delivering ance, The Hartford also offers a exceptional business results. range of protection and wealth accuAs I partner with Tom on mulation solutions to businesses for many of the challenges facing the their employees, including group life, accident and disability insurance, and retirement plans company, I look forward to more of the same success from him such as 401(k), 457, and 403(b). and the rest of The Hartford's senior management team in 2008. In 2007, The Hartford's group benefits product line Keeping our focus on the business at hand ­ and winning maintained its No. 2 ranking in fully-insured group disability with integrity ­ will produce even more opportunity and ensure insurance and moved up one place to No. 3 in group life The Hartford's long-term success. 10 insurance. We achieved these leadership positions while our after-tax profit in 2007 expanded to 7.1 percent.11 Sincerely, Our retirement plan products first found success serving the special needs of small businesses. In fact, The Hartford has been ranked "Best in Class" by PLANSPONSOR magazine in the micro- and small-plan market segments. Our passion for service has contributed to strong results. In 2007, retirement plan assets under management grew Ramani Ayer to $28.5 billion, a 16 percent increase over year-end 2006. Chairman and CEO

$2 billion

10 11

As measured by in force premium, by LIMRA International, as of the first six months of 2007. As a percentage of revenue, excluding buyouts and non-core realized gains and losses.

12 13

Sun Life Retirement Services, Inc., TopNoggin, and Princeton Retirement Group. See "A Conversation with Tom Marra" on page 6.

5

