Dear Fellow Shareholders,

A punishing business environment on top of the third year of a
bear market made 2002 another tough year. We were forced to grapple with a "perfect storm" scenario that combined investment losses, a challenging credit environment, aggressive asbestos litigation and the continuing risk of terrorism. Some of our shareholders and customers--who were also punished by this economy--might be wondering what we're doing to combat these issues and preserve their assets over the long term. They're asking where their investments can earn the best return while minimizing their exposure to the stock market's vagaries. Those are fair questions. This annual report answers them. We withstood the turbulence of 2002 much better than most in our industry, just as we've done for nearly two centuries. The strength of our property-casualty business mitigated the investment losses that affected our entire industry. Our tighter underwriting standards and higher pricing generated superior margins to compensate for low credit-market yields. We intensified our efforts to bring about a legislative solution to the problem of costly asbestos claims. And while we were extremely pleased with the terrorism backstop legislation passed by Congress last year, our work in that area is not finished. We continue to manage our risk and think ahead to ensure we are adequately protected from terrorism exposure in the future.

Always thinking ahead 1

As difficult as 2002 was, we have positive things to look back on -- like record annuity sales--and plenty to be optimistic about. I attribute our resilience to several factors, which this report describes in detail. They include a balanced and diversified portfolio of businesses, the high quality of our distribution partners, and our practice of always thinking ahead. At the core of our company are the integrity and customer focus of 29,000 employees who deliver The Hartford Experience every day. They respond quickly to customers' needs, make it easy for distributors to do business with us, and provide extraordinary service. In spite of the difficulties in 2002, we have a consistently strong record since we went public in 1995. We've averaged 8.7 percent annual growth in net income, while operating income has averaged 14.7 percent annual growth. We've met or exceeded earnings estimates for 26 of the past 28 quarters. Assets under management, which we define as total assets plus mutual fund assets and third-party assets managed by Hartford Investment Management Company, have grown 11 percent on an annualized basis. Our diversified business platform, perhaps more than anything else, helped us weather economic uncertainty and increasingly complex risks last year. Our propertycasualty results were robust, thanks to varied products and a world-class distribution network. Favorable pricing, a flight to quality, and continued strong ratings put our company head and shoulders above weaker competitors in our industry. Our excellent property-casualty results helped offset the equity market decline, which made 2002 a very difficult year for our life operations. Our enterprise agency strategy, which you'll learn more about in this report, is deepening our relationships with distribution partners to capture a bigger share of their most profitable business. The strategy enables those partners to come to one company for business and personal insurance and for advice on how to package products for each customer. The Hartford's overall revenues in 2002 rose 5 percent to $15.9 billion. Net income was $1.0 billion, or $3.97 per diluted share, an 89 percent increase on a per-share basis. Net income for 2002 includes $250 million of net realized capital losses, after tax, compared with $164 million of net realized capital losses, after tax, for 2001. Operating income was up 73 percent to $1.25 billion, or $4.96 per diluted share. The calculation of operating income for 2002 and 2001 includes the effects of the Sept. 11, 2001 attack and of tax benefits primarily related to the favorable treatment of certain tax matters arising during the 1996-2002 tax years at Hartford Life, Inc. These factors are explained in detail in the Management Discussion & Analysis section of this annual report. Property-casualty net income rose to $469 million, while operating income increased to $523 million. Pricing increases, favorable catastrophe results and our ability to manage expenses and control losses led to an overall combined ratio of 99.2. Commercial lines benefited from a flight to quality and a solid underwriting environment in 2002. Commercial lines comprise Business Insurance and Specialty Commercial.

2 The Hartford 2002

Ramani Ayer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Our diversified business platform, perhaps more than anything else, helped us weather economic uncertainty and increasingly complex risks last year.

Dave Zwiener, President and Chief Operating Officer, Property and Casualty Operations

Thinking ahead toward improving returns to shareholders, we began adjusting prices in our Business Insurance segment as early as 1998, long before our competitors. That foresight continues to pay off. In 2002 net written premiums in our Business Insurance segment rose 18 percent to $3.4 billion, excluding the impact of 9/11 on 2001 results. The combined ratio was 96.2, a 1.6-point improvement over 2001, excluding the impact of 9/11. The middle-market business in particular is benefiting from our ease-of-doingbusiness approach to new business submissions, a unique capability in the industry. We have consistently provided Specialty Commercial products such as director's and officer's insurance even when the industry's capacity for these products was limited. Today distributors are clearly showing their preference for our products' high quality. Net written premiums in 2002 jumped 37 percent to $1.4 billion, primarily from growth in property, professional liability and specialty casualty businesses. These increases exclude the impact of 9/11 on 2001 results. The combined ratio improved by 10.2 points to 98.1, excluding the impact of 9/11, as price increases worked their way through the results. In personal lines, pricing, loss control and fewer catastrophes led to improvements. Net written premiums rose 7 percent to $3.1 billion for the year, due primarily to a 13 percent increase in AARP written premiums. On Jan. 1, 2002 we began a new eightyear contract with AARP to market auto and homeowners insurance to its 35 million members. We consider it an honor and an affirmation of our service culture for a highly respected service-oriented organization such as AARP to choose our company to provide insurance to its members. Partly as a result of our AARP partnership, personal lines' combined ratio of 100.8 improved on the previous year's by 2.0 points. We expect further improvements in 2003. Despite the difficult year, our life operations' financial discipline and strong products proved superior to those of our competitors. Our lead variable annuity products, Director and Leaders, both saw sales increases in 2002, contributing to record overall annuity sales of $11.6 billion, a 17 percent increase. Total revenues from our life operations were $6.4 billion, compared with $6.5 billion in 2001. Life's 2002 net income was $557 million, compared with $685 million for the previous year. Operating income was $753 million, compared with $800 million in 2001. Life's net income and operating income include tax benefits primarily related to the favorable treatment of certain tax matters arising during the 1996-2002 tax years. The company recognized a $76 million benefit in 2002 and a $130 million benefit in 2001 related to these tax matters. Our Investment Products Division (IPD) felt the equity market's impact the most. The division markets annuities, mutual funds, 401(k) plans, college savings plans, and state and local government retirement plans. IPD had net income of $432 million, compared with $463 million in 2001. However, total sales and deposits were up 3 percent to $20.8 billion, led by a 65 percent increase in our Leaders variable annuity product. By the end of the year, Leaders had moved into the number two position in retail variable annuity product suite sales, right behind our industry-leading Director product suite.

4 The Hartford 2002

Tom Marra, President and Chief Operating Officer, Life Operations

We launched our Principal First variable annuity rider in August, and it was an overwhelming success. The Principal First rider typifies our commitment to staying attuned to our customers' needs. The 1990s were a period in which investors aggressively sought capital appreciation. But the volatile equity market of 2000-02 drove more and more investors away from risk and toward capital preservation. The Principal First rider guarantees investors will get back 100 percent of the principal they invest in variable annuities from The Hartford, even if the equity market declines. The only stipulation is that they can't withdraw more than 7 percent of their principal in any given year. Sales of our mutual funds were down 16 percent in 2002, reflecting investors' continued reluctance to commit to equities in a tough market. However, we introduced several fixed-income funds, including a Treasury inflation-protected securities (TIPS) fund, to meet investors' desire for conservative investment options. We also added a number of dedicated mutual fund wholesalers in the wirehouse channel to increase our sales effectiveness. Sales of corporate 401(k) plans rose 18 percent to $1.0 billion, benefiting from the proprietary products we market through distributors. We also successfully launched our SMART 529TM college savings plan in conjunction with the state of West Virginia, and had $94 million of sales. The Group Benefits Division (GBD) delivered its best year ever, with net income growth of 21 percent to $128 million and revenue growth of 3 percent to $2.6 billion. Despite intense competition and a challenging operating environment, GBD was able to achieve these exceptional results by expanding and honing the skills that set us apart in the marketplace. GBD's disciplined approach to underwriting and its superior claims management enabled us to continue to reduce our loss ratio, from 82 percent to 81 percent, while our focus on carefully managing expenses also contributed to the record results. The division has been a consistent performer through several challenging periods in the group life and disability industry. We took important steps to promote growth in Individual Life, where 2002 net income was $133 million, a 10 percent increase over 2001. However, sales were down 24 percent. Given customers' strong preference for the predictability of universal life insurance, we introduced an enhanced universal life product that offers a lifetimeprotection guarantee and fixed-rate cash value growth, and we introduced new guarantee riders in our variable life product line. We also introduced online tools to make it easier for brokers to sell individual life. Only 5 percent of these professionals market our individual life products now; we want to get that number to 40 percent. A bright star in our life operations in 2002 was our international business, which proved that the values embodied in The Hartford Experience know no boundaries. Our Japanese venture, Hartford Life Insurance K.K., had a truly extraordinary year. Sales in 2002 reached $1.4 billion -- triple those of 2001. In October Japanese regulators began permitting banks to sell variable annuities, including ours. This gave us a healthy distribution channel to add to the broker-dealers that began marketing our products in December of 2000.

Always thinking ahead 5

Our Brazilian joint venture with Grupo Icatu, one of South America's leading investment groups, has seen annualized top-line growth of 16 percent since 1997, its first full year. We're also thinking ahead to other promising markets. Equity investors' difficulties only confirmed the soundness of our business model, which adds the most value during challenging economic times. Frustrated investors are wisely turning to professionals for advice. We have a vast network of experienced distribution partners that include wirehouses, independent financial planners and brokerdealers, including our wholly owned Woodbury Financial Services broker-dealer. All these distributors deliver sound investment advice, which seemed in short supply elsewhere in 2002. And when financial professionals need strategic support, they turn to our highly skilled wholesalers at PLANCO, our wholly owned subsidiary that wholesales our annuities, mutual funds and other financial services products. Continuing our tradition of service excellence, we received three DALBAR service awards in 2002. We won an unprecedented seventh consecutive DALBAR Annuity Service Award and the Financial Intermediary Service Award. For the second straight year, we were the only company to win the DALBAR Life Insurance Service Award. We also received our fourth Operations Managers Roundtable Award in 2002 for annuity customer service, as measured by leading broker-dealers. The awards confirm that we really are delivering The Hartford Experience. Thinking ahead, we continue to apply managerial discipline to the issues that affect our business. Three issues in particular deserve mention: terrorism backstop legislation, asbestos liability and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. First, as I mentioned earlier, we were extremely pleased that terrorism legislation was signed into law late last year. Passage of this legislation was critically important, not only to our company and our industry but also to our customers and our nation's economy. The insurance industry incurred losses of about $40 billion as a result of 9/11. The horror of that day drove home the fact that our industry cannot bear all the risk of future attacks. We will continue to manage risk aggressively, but we need the federal government as a partner to provide a backstop for our industry should the worst occur. The legislation does much more than help the insurance industry. It enables businesses to continue investing and growing with the peace of mind that they'll be protected from financial ruin. It also proves that the private sector and government can work together to solve immensely difficult problems that affect millions of Americans. President Bush, U.S. Sen. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut, U.S. Rep. Michael Oxley of Ohio and Connecticut Gov. John Rowland, among others, demonstrated extraordinary leadership in supporting this legislation. We were proud to do our part in rallying support in Washington. Second, we have joined forces with the American Insurance Association and the business community to seek a legislative solution to the staggering economic impact of costly asbestos claims. Some 8,000 companies face asbestos litigation, and there are about 300,000 pending claims, putting tremendous strain on the court system. Policyholders and plaintiffs' lawyers are becoming increasingly aggressive against insurers, even in the absence of asbestos-related illness.

6 The Hartford 2002

Those who are ill aren't the only victims of this burgeoning social crisis. There are economic victims, too. As of the end of 2002, there were 61 asbestos-related Chapter 11 bankruptcy filings, including 35 since 1998. An estimated 60,000 people have lost their jobs. We will continue to push for reform, which we believe will have a positive effect on asbestos litigation. We have $2.0 billion in gross reserves and $1.1 billion in net reserves for expenses related to asbestos claims. Third, we are enthusiastically complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. It's not difficult for us; in fact, it's really nothing new. Integrity in our relationships with all stakeholders has been a core value of The Hartford since day one in 1810. In the spirit of more transparent financial reporting, we announced last year that we would book stock options as compensation expense, using fair-value recognition provisions. We began using this methodology Jan. 1, 2003. In keeping with our conservative management philosophy, we believe this is the right thing to do. No one can predict the future, but we can predict which companies will be winners in their industries. Winners take the long-term view. They're disciplined and decisive. They're profit-minded and they invest in businesses that generate superior and consistent returns. They treat their employees, business partners and customers with the utmost respect. We're that kind of winner, and we have tremendous opportunities ahead of us. The property-casualty business will continue to be very attractive for a company with a management team and field organization as strong as ours. Distributors continue to seek high-quality partners like The Hartford, as weaker players lose share of market to the stronger ones. What's more, powerful demographic shifts in our country will ensure that retirement savings continue to grow. That fact and the enduring fundamental strength of the American economy make me extremely optimistic about customers' continued investment in our products. I want to thank our 29,000 employees worldwide, our business partners, our board of directors and, especially, our customers for their support during another turbulent year. I also thank you, our shareholders, for your continued confidence. We're always thinking ahead as the business environment changes and our customers' and partners' needs evolve. Few companies can match our consistency of management, financial strength, discipline and ability to adapt quickly to constant change. Few in our industry will emerge from the "perfect storm" as strong as we will. We're in a cyclical bear market, but the storm will pass. When it does, our investment business will rebound strongly. We're determined to stay ahead of the curve, and we're absolutely determined to continue earning your trust. Sincerely,

Ramani Ayer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Always thinking ahead 7

