Ramani Ayer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear

shareholders,
on equity exceeded 16 percent; our book value per share rose 19 percent from 2003 to $43.55; operating income per share* (See footnote on page 29.) grew to $5.90 in 2004 from $5.42 in 2003; and net income, as I noted earlier, topped $2.1 billion. As we move into 2005, we remain focused on growth and expect to overcome any challenges presented by changing market conditions, particularly a softening of the property and casualty markets. The fiscal strength and discipline of The Hartford is reflected in our consistently strong external credit ratings. These ratings also reflect the strength we derive from our diverse financial products and services. The Hartford's solid reputation comes from the leadership positions we enjoy in variable annuities, variable life insurance, small business insurance, AARP personal insurance programs, and group benefits. We've led the nation in sales of retail variable annuities since 1993. Investors buy annuities from us because they trust us to be there for them in the future. In 2002, amid softening equity markets, investors' focus shifted to protecting wealth. The Hartford responded with "Principal First," establishing a

I

am proud to report 2004 was a year of accomplishment across all The Hartford's business lines, resulting in record net income of $2.1 billion. A year as strong as this is, in itself, noteworthy. What makes the story of The Hartford's success even more outstanding is that it is the result of the effort to get our financial house in order, to sharpen the focus of our business model, and to push for better execution across and within every business segment. In the past four years, we have sold parts of the business we deemed not central to our core mission, we shored up our asbestos reserves to move forward with real confidence about our financial future, and we have aggressively managed costs to prepare for the cycles inherent in the insurance and investment industries. We are now positioned to respond to a growing market­baby boomers nearing retirement­that presents an exceptional appetite for The Hartford's asset protection and wealth accumulation products. In other words, The Hartford, on the eve of its 200th birthday, is a strong company poised to grow even stronger. Our financial results in 2004 speak to The Hartford's strength: revenues were up 21 percent over 2003; our return

Financial Highlights
(in millions except for per share data)

Net income Revenues Total assets Net income per diluted share

2004 $ 2,115 $ 22,693 $ 259,735 $ 7.12

2003 $ (91) $ 18,733 $ 225,850 $ (0.33)

2002 $ 1,000 $ 16,417 $ 181,972 $ 3.97

Life Operations Assets Under Management
($ in billions)

$250

200

150

100

50

0

00

01

02

03

04

Ongoing Property and Casualty Net Written Premium
($ in billions)

$10

8

6

4

2

0

00

01

02

03

04

new industry standard by providing investors with a long-term guarantee of their principal investment. As the competition caught up with our innovation, we again led the market in 2004 by designing The Hartford's "Principal First Preferred." This newer product offers a streamlined set of options plus strong guarantees at a lower cost to the consumer. Total annuity sales in 2004 were almost $16 billion, with a record $111 billion assets under management. Our strong distribution systems, among the best in the business, enable this growth. We have a large, multi-channel sales force and our own dedicated wholesale organization that is the envy of the industry, as analysts routinely point out. Our leadership in sales of variable life insurance is also long established. Consumer demand in this market changed when equity markets softened and customers shifted emphasis to protecting income in addition to growing income. Industry-wide, sales of variable life insurance declined from 2001 to 2003. At the same time, sales of universal life insurance rose. In response to the changing marketplace, we introduced a variety of new life insurance products, including "Quantum," which combined the best aspects of variable universal life and universal life. Today, with equity markets once again strengthening, interest in variable life is rebounding. Our individual life insurance group has increased sales an average of 16 percent over the past two years, outpacing the overall market and reaching $233 million in 2004. Our dedicated individual life insurance sales force, the largest in the industry focused on financial planners and ranked No. 1 in national broker-dealers and bank distribution, helps fuel our growth. Our strength in small business property and casualty insurance is the industry's gold standard. Written premium grew by 21 percent in 2004 because we provide strength, reliability, expansive coverage, and exceptional service to our more than 650,000 small business customers. Our support to agents who service small business customers is cutting-edge, with technology and service provided through our Electronic Business Center. This web-based resource center

Record net income of

2

$2.1 billion

allows agents to get nearly instant pricing from us and view claims history and account balances. For more than twenty years, we have been the exclusive provider of auto and home insurance to many of the 35 million members of AARP, the largest association of people over 50 years old in the United States. We are focused on increasing sales in this rapidly growing market through directsale television advertising and by increasing our number of Spanish-speaking customer representatives. The acquisition of CNA's group disability, life, and accident insurance business in December 2003 moved The Hartford into the No. 2 position for total insurance premiums in group disability insurance nationally, and our insurance premiums in group benefits increased by 57 percent. I am proud of how quickly our integration team set about the challenging task of identifying and implementing best practices from each business consistently across the group benefits organization. In each of our leadership businesses, we are growing organically by relentlessly focusing on superior execution. This requires our continued commitment to product excellence, responsive service, innovative technology, and effective distribution. At the same time, pricing discipline and sound risk management will sustain our profitability and create continued strong earnings. The Hartford has the products to capture market growth resulting from the retirement needs of aging baby boomers, whether in the United States or select international markets. We are focused on developing our relatively new product lines such as mutual funds and 401(k) products; emerging markets such as Japan; the agency business in personal insurance lines; and extending the reach of our small business insurance market. In 2004, we had strong growth in each of the aforementioned areas­a powerful affirmation of our strategy and its future potential. The infrastructure that supports our

successful annuity and life insurance businesses enabled us, in the late 1990s, to enter the mutual fund and 401(k) markets, both strong growth areas that reflect a need of customers to build wealth and secure their financial future. In the mutual fund business, we created a dedicated wholesale team to market our fund family through multiple distribution channels. Overall, our results were strong ­mutual fund sales grew in 2004 by 23 percent to $5.9 billion. When we decided to enter the competitive 401(k) market, we focused on expanding services for small business customers. From our success in working with this customer segment in other product lines, we've learned the needs of small businesses and are well-known for our strong service and distribution. To increase our 401(k) business, we nearly doubled the number of

"...we are growing organically by

relentlessly focusing
on superior execution. "
our retirement plan specialists to almost 80 and focused our wholesale team on marketing our retirement products. We also support small- and mid-sized company-sponsored retirement plans by offering employers the opportunity to have us administer the program. Our service in the 401(k) segment also received praise from customers. In its annual survey, PlanSponsor magazine ranked feedback on major 401(k) providers, and in the micro plan market and small plan market, The Hartford earned "Best in Class" for sponsor and participant services. The 401(k) business results reflect this positive feedback and show year-over-year sales growth of 37 percent to $1.9 billion. We've also discovered that our annuity product, service, and distribution model is very transferable to select international

Book value per share increased

19%

from 2003

to

$43.55
Excludes accumulated other comprehensive income 3

markets. In Japan, the world's second-largest economy, the annuity business is still in its infancy. In December 2000, The Hartford entered Japan and began to educate distributors and consumers about annuities. In fact, with 29 percent of the variable annuity market, or $14.7 billion of assets under management, The Hartford is the leading provider of variable annuities with sales totalling $7.8 billion in 2004. Earlier in this letter, I covered one aspect of our personal insurance products, direct sales to AARP members. We also sell personal insurance through independent agents. Our reputation, quality coverage, and customer service offer what agencies need. To service this business segment effectively, we developed two new underwriting tools. "Dimensions" gives agents the ability to offer personal insurance to a greatly

"...we are a company of passionate, dedicated people, and to do the right thing. "
expanded customer base. We coupled that with another tool to instantly and effortlessly provide agents with pricing information. "ExpressWay" allows an agent to transfer system data to us and obtain quotes without additional data entry. Results were outstanding­agency sales increased by 17 percent in 2004, and personal insurance net written premium grew by 9 percent to $3.6 billion. Supporting this growth is a 30 percent larger sales force focused on under-represented markets. With our expanded market reach, more advanced technology, excellent customer service, and increased sales staff­combined with our opportunities within AARP­we anticipate strong growth for personal insurance lines in 2005 and beyond. The Hartford's small business insurance leadership is wellestablished. However, there is a growing segment of the small

motivated to help others

business market ­those businesses with revenues of $5 million to $15 million­where The Hartford is under-represented. This insurance market totals about $20 billion in potential sales. To respond effectively, we developed a new product, "Spectrum Xpand," which extends our reputation for expansive coverage and quality service with agents and customers into this segment. Early results are promising; new sales to this segment accounted for nearly half of the 20 percent revenue growth in small business insurance sales in 2004, the effort's first year. Every day, the employees of The Hartford come into contact with thousands of customers through sales and customer contact centers. In every interaction, we have an opportunity to demonstrate our passion for this business. That's why I'm proud we won the 2004 Purdue University's Center for Customer-Driven Quality for our AARP contact center. (See story on page 22.) The award confirms our commitment and passion to customer service excellence and enhances our existing reputation for record-breaking service levels in our annuity customer service centers. We have won DALBAR Awards for annuity service excellence for the past nine years. (See story on page 15.) Every day, the nearly 30,000 employees of The Hartford execute with attention to excellence and superior customer service. Last year was no different. In 2004, Florida and the Southeast were hit with four hurricanes. Not since 1886, in Texas, has the United States been more ravaged by natural catastrophe. That year, one hurricane hit Indianola, Texas, and essentially swept the town into the gulf. Indianola was literally gone and not to be rebuilt. The aftermath of last year's hurricanes was very different from that of 1886. The protection we provide allowed those affected to repair their homes and businesses and return to them quickly. As always, The Hartford and its people rose to meet the challenges of these hurricanes. We equipped more than 300

Property and Casualty written premium topped a record

$9.9 billion
4

Life Operations Operating Income by Business
Full Year 2004

Institutional Solutions 11% Individual Life 14%

Other 6%

Retail Products 49%

Group Benefits 20%

Ongoing Property and Casualty Net Written Premium
2004

Specialty 18% Business Insurance 46%

Personal Lines 36%

additional claims agents with the latest and best technology and rushed them into the region. More than 90 percent of the claims received at telephone contact centers were answered within 30 seconds. That rapid response is outstanding when you consider, at this writing, The Hartford has received more than 51,000 claims. We have settled more than 48,000, or 96 percent of the claims, to date. Customer satisfaction was rated favorable by 90 percent of the claimants, a remarkable accomplishment given the volume. Traveling to the hard-hit areas, I realized once again how important our mission is to the millions of people who depend on us for protection. I am proud of our efforts and our ability to effectively rally and deliver excellent service and support when needed. Our employees' response to these natural catastrophes only further supports the belief I have held for my more than thirty years with The Hartford ­we are a company of passionate, dedicated people, motivated to help others and to do the right thing for our customers, business partners, and shareholders. The core values that sustained us through natural catastrophes are now sustaining us through the ongoing questions about the industry's business practices. The Hartford is in the spotlight. We are dealing with the resulting questions in a straightforward way and are committed to responding with integrity. Scrutiny from regulators and the press will likely continue. Facing these challenges openly and with candor will make our company stronger. The Hartford's basic operating principle bears repeating: what we sell every day is trust. A spirit of trust must infuse everything we do here at The Hartford, with the best interests of the customer always our measuring stick for success. Maintaining this reputation for honesty and integrity is vital to our future. I am confident in our ability to evolve and grow from this experience. We've consistently demonstrated the winning spirit and innovation necessary to lead in the marketplace. With that same attitude, we will maintain our momentum as we reinvent ourselves to respond to new demands. The company is also committed to educating the American public and Congress about the need for federal involvement

Life operating income increased

33% to $1.12 billion
5

The Hartford is led by Ramani Ayer, shown here with, from left to right, his leadership team: Ann de Raismes, Executive Vice President, Human Resources; David Znamierowski, President, Hartford Investment Management Company; Thomas Marra, President and Chief Operating Officer, Life Operations; Neal Wolin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; David Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Zwiener, President and Chief Operating Officer, Property and Casualty Operations.

in finding a solution to the very real threats to our safety and well-being from potential terrorist acts. The Hartford continues to press for a long-term solution that includes a public-private partnership with the federal government to provide appropriate national economic safeguards against the threat of terrorism. If a long-term solution cannot be found in 2005, then The Hartford supports extension of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, due to expire on December 31, 2005, and continued work toward a permanent solution in the future. The Hartford also supports asbestos reform, perhaps the most profound litigation crisis we've ever faced. Billions of dollars have been paid to date and more than half of the money­ about 59 cents of every dollar ­has gone to lawyers and legal costs. Almost all of the nearly 700,000 claimants come from a handful of states, and in recent years, 90 percent of claimants show little or no disease symptoms. We support legislation that not only provides fair and quick compensation to workers and others who are ill, but also introduces a measure of certainty and finality to defendants' and insurers' asbestos exposure. We will continue to work with insurers, businesses, labor unions, and Congress to develop a solution that addresses the needs of all. The story of The Hartford in 2004 is a powerful one. It documents a company that confronted its challenges head on and focused on its strengths­its balance sheet and core businesses­ to generate profitable growth.

More than

Record revenue of

$25 billion $22.7 billion
in retail mutual funds assets
6

Diluted Operating Earnings Per Share*
$6.00

5.25

4.50

3.75

3.00

00

01

02

03

04

* See footnote on page 29.

Future growth will be driven by a large segment of the population­aging baby boomers seeking retirement income solutions. In 2000, there were 35 million Americans age 65 or older. By 2010, that number is expected to grow to be more than 40 million. By 2030 that number is expected to be 70 million. Some will spend as many years in retirement as they did working. Traditional employer-provided pension plans and Social Security­however it is designed and implemented in the future­ may not be enough to support a retirement that may last thirty years or more. The Hartford has the right product mix to meet the needs of this growing population segment today and beyond. My confidence in the future of this company is strong, as our strategies support growth in both our core and emerging product lines. We are eager to build on the success of 2004 and take advantage of tomorrow's opportunities. We are poised for success in 2005, and beyond. In closing, I want to thank Gordon Ulmer for 10 years of service as he retires from our Board of Directors. His leadership in support of corporate governance and day-to-day business operations at The Hartford was invaluable. Also, I want to thank you all­employees, business partners, shareholders, Board of Directors, and loyal customers of The Hartford­for your efforts and your continued trust in me and the company's leadership team. Sincerely,

Ramani Ayer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Total assets under management

$291.7 billion
7

