dear shareholders:

Thanks to the thousands of Hartford teammates who are dedicated to the company, customers, and partners, 2010 was a transformational year for The Hartford. The company stabilized its businesses, strengthened its capital position, made significant progress implementing its strategy, and delivered a strong operating performance. We are encouraged by our 2010 accomplishments. Executing with renewed focus, discipline, and energy, The Hartford is committed to building a foundation for profitable growth, within prudent underwriting and risk standards.
A Year of Significant Accomplishments
The company returned to profitability for fullyear 2010, delivering five consecutive quarters of earnings that began in the fourth quarter of 2009. For the full year, The Hartford reported net income of $1.7 billion, compared with a net loss of $887 million for 2009. Core earnings were
*

 The company also significantly improved its investment portfolio. To reduce risk in the portfolio, our team took advantage of lower interest rates, tighter spreads, and improved market conditions. Over the course of 2010, the company sold approximately $4.2 billion of commercial mortgage-backed securities and other commercial real estate-backed holdings at attractive prices. As of December 31, 2010, the company's net unrealized losses stood at $600 million, down from $5 billion at the start of the year.  Progress was also made on another important financial metric. At year end, our book value per diluted share was $40.40, a 12 percent year-overyear increase, driven by net income and the recovery in our investment portfolio.

$1.9 billion, or $2.89 per diluted share for 2010, an increase of 56 percent from 2009.  During 2010, The Hartford completed a successful capital raise and the repurchase of the $3.4 billion in preferred shares issued to the U.S. Treasury under its Capital Purchase Program, strengthening the company's balance sheet. At the end of 2010, The Hartford's U.S. statutory surplus increased by more than $750 million over year-end 2009 to exceed $15 billion.

liam e. mcgee
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

*

Denotes financial measure not calculated based on generally accepted accounting principles. For more information see page 8. The Hartford 2010 Annual Report

1

shareholder letter

 Based on The Hartford's improved capital position and the company's confidence in its earnings power, the Board approved an increase in the quarterly dividend in February 2011, doubling it to $0.10 per common share. Over time, we will continue to prudently consider additional capital actions.  During the year, we further strengthened The Hartford's Board of Directors with the appointment of three members: Paul G. Kirk, Thomas A. Renyi, and Kathryn Mikells. Paul Kirk returned to the Board after filling the U.S. Senate seat vacated by Massachusetts Senator Edward M. Kennedy. Tom Renyi is the retired Executive Chairman of The Bank of New York Mellon. And Kathryn Mikells is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nalco.  I want to express my gratitude to Edward J. "Ned" Kelly and Gail J. McGovern, both of whom retired from the board in 2010. The Hartford benefitted from their wisdom and insights. They helped us steer though a period of tremendous challenges, and we are grateful for their many years of exemplary service to the company.

established the following targets:  ­ High single-digit, compounded annual  adjusted core earnings growth for the two-  year period ending 2012;  ­ Total company core ROE of 11% by the   end of 2012; and  ­ A 200 basis point improvement in the  company's efficiency ratio between 2009  and 2012.  The second operating principle is to complement the company's historic focus on products and distribution with an intensified focus on its customers and brand. To that end, we established a customer-focused organizational structure consisting of three businesses:  ­ Commercial Markets: providing risk  protection and benefits for businesses;  ­ Consumer Markets: offering risk protection   for affinities, such as AARP, and focusing on   select segments;  ­ Wealth Management: providing life and   retirement solutions for consumers and  businesses.  The Hartford's unique combination of property and casualty and life businesses is a differentiated strength. The organizational structure is enabling us to bring all of the company's capabilities together to serve customers even more effectively.  Leveraging The Hartford's strong and widely recognized brand is key to our focus on customers. We are striving to operate as one integrated, customer-centric brand--a company that sees

The Plan for the Future
With a strong foundation in place, the company established its go-forward strategy, captured in three operating principles. The first is to maximize shareholder value by generating sustained, profitable earnings growth over time and by moving to a lower-cost operating model. The Hartford has

2

The Hartford 2010 Annual Report

the world through its customers' eyes and delivers its brand promise consistently at every customer touch point.  As for the third operating principle, The Hartford is committed to driving superior execution. We are sharpening our execution edge by increasing efficiencies, improving decision making, and accelerating time to market. These new capabilities will make it easier for our customers and partners to do business with us.  Superior execution also extends to risk management. While the company had risk management processes in each of its businesses, it did not have a full understanding of its aggregate risk exposures. The Hartford has made progress in creating a stronger risk management function at the enterprise level by giving the Board and executive team the information and tools to more effectively oversee the company's complete risk profile--insurance, investment, operational, and market risk.  Overall, the go-forward strategy has helped us define those businesses that best play to our strengths and provide opportunities for growth. As we committed in early 2010, we continue to be disciplined and analytical in reviewing our business portfolio and will make adjustments as appropriate. Accordingly, in late 2010 and early 2011, we completed the sale of two non-core businesses, the Canadian Mutual Funds and Specialty Risk Services (SRS).

The Hartford's Aspiration
I am energized by the creativity, determination, and optimism of my teammates across the company. We are proud of our heritage and of the trust customers and distribution partners have in us. At the same time, we are realistic about our challenges and the state of the economy in which we operate. For example, The Hartford sees signs that the U.S. economy is beginning to improve, but the recovery process is likely to be slow and fragile given the persisting high rate of unemployment. The same pace of improvement holds true for consumer confidence, which is picking up from its historic lows.  We are determined to build the company for the long term. We aspire to be one of the world's most admired companies by shareholders, customers, partners, teammates, and communities.  I want to thank all of my teammates across The Hartford. They are the true engine of our momentum. We are looking forward to another year of strong performance in 2011. Sincerely,

liam e. mcgee
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 2011

The Hartford 2010 Annual Report

3

