Dear Fellow Shareholders,
It would be difficult to imagine a more tumultuous year than 2001. But if one major test of a company's character is its performance in the face of extreme adversity, The Hartford aced that test. Successfully managing our company through a turbulent stock market and the beginning of a recession was challenge enough through the first eight months of the year. Then came the morning of Sept. 11. What followed, in retrospect, almost made those "normal" challenges seem like child's play. None of us will ever forget where we were when we heard the shocking news. I had just stopped at the home of Stuart Carlisle, The Hartford's director of investor relations. We were on our way to an analysts' meeting in Manhattan, but that meeting, of course, never took place. With our eyes glued to the horrific events unfolding on television, our thoughts turned immediately to our 330 employees in 7 World Trade Center and our partners at Aon, Marsh & McLennan, Bank of America and Morgan Stanley, who had offices in the Twin Towers. As you'll read in this report, we were profoundly thankful that all of our people survived the devastation. Our New York offices were back up and running within a week, thanks to a superb group of people I'm proud to call our employees. Tragically, not all our partners were as fortunate. Many of us lost friends, relatives or long-time business colleagues. It's almost a cliché now, but that morning changed our lives. Entire industries, including the financial services industry, will feel its effects for many years. Sept. 11 also taught us some harsh business lessons. There are suddenly new risks in insuring large sections of neighborhoods filled with top-quality office buildings. Horribly, we have to alter our view of workers' compensation risks, even for employers in low-risk professions, like accountants and attorneys. But even with all that, we know one thing didn't change on Sept. 11: a determination, backed by 190 years of experience, to run The Hartford's business the right way. The right way means always thinking ahead and doing the things that ensure we have the unshakeable financial strength to pay over $1.2 billion in gross losses (before taxes and reinsurance) relating to Sept. 11. In a broader context, it means taking the long-term view and sticking to
3

The Hartford Chairman, President and CEO Ramani Ayer speaking at the opening of New York employees' new permanent offices in early November. Despite the destruction of their offices at 7 World Trade Center on Sept. 11, The Hartford's New York employees had their businesses back in operation by Sept. 17. Employees moved into their new permanent offices less than 60 days after the attack.

our proven approach to asset management despite the stock market's vagaries. It means growing our business profitably, maintaining financial discipline, controlling expenses and providing extraordinary service to distributors and customers. We take the last point very seriously, as evidenced by our earning a sixth consecutive DALBAR Annuity Service Award in 2001. DALBAR also awarded us the Intermediary Service Award and the first-ever Life Insurance Service Award. As you'll read throughout this report, service means very specific--and very important--things to us. We strive to forge strong partnerships with our distributors and provide them with technological tools and outstanding products to enhance their selling efforts. These are some of the underpinnings to our solid 2001 results. Despite the challenges I've mentioned, our revenues for 2001 rose 3 percent to $15.1 billion. Total assets under management rose 8 percent to $198 billion. Operating income rose 7 percent to $1.034 billion, or $4.28 per diluted share, excluding the $440 million impact of Sept. 11 (after tax and net of reinsurance) and a $130 million tax benefit in our life operations. The results attest to the resilience of our enterprise. With our strong and balanced portfolio of businesses, we consistently demonstrate superior financial performance. Since 1995, we've produced 13 percent annualized operating earnings-per-share growth, excluding the effects of Sept. 11 and the tax benefit in 2001, and 13 percent annualized growth in assets under management. Excluding the effect of Sept. 11 and the tax benefit, operating return on equity has met or exceeded our 13 to 15 percent target every year for the past five years.
4

All this translates into increased shareholder value. Since 1995, our market cap has increased from $5.7 billion to $15.4 billion--an 18 percent compound annual growth rate. Our share price has increased nearly 160 percent since The Hartford became a public company. During the same period, the S&P 500 increased 89 percent, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average 97 percent. It's no surprise that our management team is highly regarded within the financial services industry and on Wall Street. We've built a strong leadership team, complemented by more than 27,000 dedicated employees who are nurtured and energized by a culture of success. Consequently, we had a smooth leadership transition over the past year. Tom Marra succeeded Lon Smith as president of our life operations and joined our board of directors. Lon retired after a 33-year career with The Hartford, and we owe him a tremendous amount of gratitude for building a strong and successful operation. During 2001 we also welcomed two new members to our board of directors. Edward J. Kelly III, president and CEO of Mercantile Bankshares Corp., joined us in May, and we welcomed Charles B. Strauss, president and CEO of Unilever United States, Inc., in November. We're well-positioned for growth in 2002. On Jan. 1 we renewed our relationship with AARP by signing a new eight-year contract to market auto and homeowner's insurance to its 35 million members. Our small-business property-casualty operation continues to grow--premiums surpassed $1.2 billion in annual sales in 2001. We're also in a leading position to take advantage of demographic shifts and to provide estate planning and investment and insurance products to baby boomers. We are very excited, too, about our new SMART 529TM college savings program, which offers flexible features and numerous tax advantages. And the growing small-business market segment is a key target for our 401(k) and group-benefits businesses. In fact, with $2 billion in fully insured premiums and $106 million in net income, the Group Benefits Division (GBD) had its best year ever. As our markets continue to grow and evolve, we stay intensely focused on the key strategies in all our businesses.

Soon after the Sept. 11 attack, The Hartford Chairman, President and CEO Ramani Ayer, left foreground, joined other industry CEOs in meeting with President Bush at the White House. During the meeting, the executives assured the president of industry support as the nation recovers.

In our life operations, aided by the Fortis Financial Group acquisition, we're enhancing our market share and our distribution advantage. Individual life sales rose 14 percent over 2000. Retail mutual fund sales increased 11 percent--despite a 19 percent drop in total industry retail sales for the year. Performance in our Investment Products Division was strong across all lines of business. Sales of 401(k) plans and institutional investment products rose 58 and 46 percent, respectively, in 2001, and our variable annuity market share increased to 8.6 percent. We believe we are uniquely positioned to reap the benefits of a recovering and, ultimately, rising stock market because we've enhanced our industry-leading market share for individual retail variable annuities in a down market. This is especially encouraging since industry-wide variable annuity sales declined by more than 17 percent last year. We're leveraging our wholesaling capabilities to sell more mutual funds and retirement plans, and we're pursuing long-term growth opportunities driven by consumers' financial needs,
Dave Zwiener, President and Chief Operating Officer, Property & Casualty Operations

demographic shifts and our strengths as an organization. As we add scale, we're reinventing the life insurance sales process. Our SimplifyLife program makes it easier for financial intermediaries to sell life insurance to clients in the "emerging affluent" market. We're relieving financial professionals of time spent filling out applications or asking their clients personal medical questions. Our in-house interviewers call the client, fill out the application and order any necessary medical tests or underwriting requirements. As a result, intermediaries can concentrate on what they do best: selling. We're also making inroads into international markets. We have a highly successful venture in Brazil to sell personal savings, pension and life insurance products. In addition, our new venture in Japan, Hartford Life Insurance K.K., reported more than $500 million in variable annuity sales in 2001. We are also exploring the possibility of establishing operations in a few select markets with favorable demographics. The relentless pursuit of excellence also applies to our property-casualty operations. Excluding the effect of Sept. 11, our Business Insurance segment saw a 20 percent jump in premiums in 2001. Our combined ratio in this segment was 97.8--a 2.8-point improvement over the prior year. Our affinity personal lines premiums rose 11 percent, reflecting our growing business with AARP members. And our specialty professional liability business saw a 56 percent premium gain. We merged our personal and business insurance sales and agency management organizations in 2001 to give agents a single point of contact. This makes it easier for them to do business with us and enhances their ability to cross-sell these lines. We also gave agents a wealth of new technological tools. They include continuously updated small-business underwriting guidelines available online, customized direct-bill status reports, online access to commission statements, and online quoting capabilities, to name just a few.

6

Recognizing that technology can only supplement--not supplant--personal relationships, we created an organization of business technology solutions managers in our field offices. These specialists provide hands-on support to property-casualty agents who use The Hartford's online tools. This successful high-tech, high-touch mix is one reason why we estimate our smallbusiness insurance growth rate is five to six times the industry average. Another reason is that we strategically target these businesses' unmet needs. Our new CyberFlexTM business insurance coverage, for example, is geared to traditional brick-and-mortar businesses that have some exposure for cyber-risk in their normal course of doing business--such as using e-mail or operating a Web site. Our focus on growth never distracts us from the bottom line. When markets or businesses prove unprofitable, we're nimble enough to take quick action. We exited the European property-casualty business in 2001, focusing instead on financial services in Asia.
Tom Marra, President and Chief Operating Officer, Life Operations

We also repositioned our reinsurance business to concentrate on the U.S. market, where we're already strong. In all our operations, we've built a well-deserved reputation as a premier partner because we offer an exceptional value proposition that will never change: innovative products, world-class money management, value-added distribution, and outstanding service and technology. I'm deeply grateful to our employees, our business partners, our board of directors and, of course, our customers for their support during some of the most trying times we've ever experienced. I especially want to thank you, our shareholders, for allowing us to continue earning your support. My confidence in our company and our industry has never wavered, even in the darkest moments following Sept. 11. True, we're still grappling with serious issues. The question of federal backstop legislation for terrorism is still unresolved, and the possibility of future terrorist attacks remains a serious concern. The world and its risks are much changed since I wrote my letter to you a year ago. But we'll continue to manage risks prudently while always thinking ahead for our shareholders, customers and partners. That's what we're in business to do. We'll continue to run our business the right way, and I believe we'll continue to earn your trust. Sincerely,

Ramani Ayer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

7

