 2 Huntington Ingalls Industries
Meeting Our Commitments
TO OUR cUSTOmERS, EmPLOyEES ANd ShAREhOLdERS:
We have a straightforward business philosophy at Huntington Ingalls Industries: We do what we say and we say what we do. While that includes designing, manufacturing and maintaining the best military ships in the world for our U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard customers, it also applies to creating value for our shareholders. Since we spun off as an independent, publicly traded company in 2011, we have consistently communicated our goal of reaching 9-plus percent operating margins in 2015. In 2013, we achieved steady progress toward that goal, with improvement in our total operating margin in each quarter. We also doubled our quarterly cash dividend to $0.20 per share and doubled our stock repurchase program to $300 million, further demonstrating our commitment to maximizing long-term value for all of our stakeholders.
Importantly, we’re achieving this success in spite of the uncertainty surrounding the federal budget and defense spending. Here is a brief review of what Huntington Ingalls Industries’ world-class team of more than 38,000 employees did last year and what we plan to accomplish in 2014 and beyond:
ShIPBUILdING
Huntington Ingalls Industries met two major ship delivery milestones in 2013: Our Newport News Shipbuilding division delivered the submarine Minnesota (SSN 783) 11 months early, and our Ingalls Shipbuilding division delivered the amphibious transport dock Somerset (LPD 25), the last Navy ship to be built at our Avondale shipyard. The Somerset delivery was a critical step in retiring risk at Ingalls and reaching our financial goals. Newport News also redelivered the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN 71) following its midlife refueling and complex overhaul (RCOH).
We continue to make significant progress in our other shipbuilding programs:
• Newport News christened the first-of-class aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford (CVN 78) and has moved to the final outfitting phase, with delivery scheduled in 2016.
• Ingalls successfully completed builder’s sea trials for the amphibious assault ship America (LHA 6) in November. The ship is scheduled for delivery in the spring of this year.
• Ingalls won a competitive bid and signed a $3.3 billion contract to build five more Arleigh Burke-class destroyers, ensuring work in that program for the next 10 years.
• Ingalls christened the fourth National Security Cutter, Hamilton (WMSL 753), is under contract for the fifth and sixth, and has secured the advanced procurement contract for the seventh.
• 2013 also saw the return of the first-ever nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, USS Enterprise (CVN 65), to Newport News and the beginning of a new line of business for Huntington Ingalls Industries: aircraft carrier inactivation.
The year was not without its challenges. Because of the continuing resolution at the beginning of the year, there was a delay in the arrival of USS Abraham Lincoln (CVN 72) for its refueling and overhaul. And due to the Navy’s decision to no longer use composites for the deckhouses on the Zumwalt-class destroyer (DDG 1000) program,

 we made the difficult but necessary decision to close our Gulfport Composite Center of Excellence once work on Michael Monsoor (DDG 1001) has been completed. This closure and the reduced workforce at Avondale significantly reduce our footprint on the Gulf Coast. We also weathered a brief government shutdown and the continuing uncertainty surrounding the specter of sequestration.
WORKFORcE dEVELOPmENT & GIVING BAcK
In 2013, Huntington Ingalls Industries opened brand-new, state-of-the-art apprentice facilities in Virginia and Mississippi. These schools, both built through public/private partnerships, are a critical element of our workforce development investment strategy and our commitment to improving educational opportunities in the communities where we do business. As a company, we also have a long history of supporting the United Way and other important service providers, including the American Red Cross, Habitat for Humanity, Special Olympics, the USO and local food banks. Also in 2013, Huntington Ingalls Industries employees showed generous support for the Washington Navy Yard Survivors Fund and the victims of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines. This doesn’t even begin to account for the volunteer efforts of our employees who, as individual citizens, enthusiastically support many organizations, causes and activities.
AdJAcENT INdUSTRIES & LOOKING AhEAd
While Navy shipbuilding remains the foundation of our business portfolio, we continue to take steps to create value in adjacent markets where we can leverage our unique expertise, facilities and highly trained workforce. In 2013, we opened an office in Houston to pursue engineering and modular construction work in the energy industry. We also began 2014 with the acquisition of The S.M. Stoller Corp., a leading provider of technical, envi- ronmental, ecological, waste management, remediation and consultation services to private sector companies and the U.S. government. Most recently, Newport News opened a business development office in Aiken, S.C., where a company joint venture already manages the Savannah River Nuclear Site (SRNS), to pursue additional work in the Department of Energy and commercial nuclear markets.
For 2014, our objective is to continue on course toward 9-plus percent margins by 2015 by optimizing our Navy and Coast Guard business, executing on our contracts and retiring risk. We will continue to engage with Navy, Coast Guard and Congressional leadership to protect the future of all HII programs, and we will pursue critical construction contracts for the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy (CVN 79), the amphibious assault ship LHA 8, the construction contract for the seventh National Security Cutter (NSC) and Block 4 of the Virginia-Class Submarine (VCS) Program. We will continue our relentless focus on safety, quality, cost and schedule—the basic elements that enable us to deliver the highest-quality products and services at the most affordable cost on or ahead of schedule. Lastly, we will continue to live our company values—Integrity, Honesty, Engagement, Responsibility and Performance—and we will persist in shaping our culture of ethics and compliance.
We are very excited about our future, and we are delighted to have you as a partner on the journey. Thank you, as always, for your interest and investment in Huntington Ingalls Industries and for your confidence in our commitment to “Hard stuff, done right.”
Sincerely,
Adm. Thomas B. Fargo U.S. Navy (Ret.) Chairman of the Board
OUR VALUES
c. michael Petters
President and CEO
IntEgRIty HOnESty EngAgEmEnt RESpOnSIbILIty pERfORmAncE
2013 Annual Report 3
