HealthSouth 2016 Annual Report
   To Our Valued Stockholders:
We are excited to report that 2016 was another strong year for HealthSouth. We laid the foundation for our Company’s current and long-term success by growing our footprint strategically, continuing the integration of major acquisitions, and providing our patients with a true continuum of care that includes both facility-based and home-based services. Our success has been, and will continue to be, defined by our ability to provide quality and cost-effective care to more patients, maintain our financial stability for employees and stockholders, and increase the clinical collaboration across the healthcare continuum.
The evolution of the healthcare industry continues to present new opportunities. As such, we are diligent in our efforts to capitalize on these trends. HealthSouth will continue to play a crucial role in how post-acute healthcare is delivered in the future – and we are up to the challenge. Our preparation for continued success in this evolving environment includes significant investments in technology such as the implementation of our electronic medical record (EMR) system in each of our hospitals, resources to support the clinical education and leadership development of our employees, and clinical collaboration between our facility-based and home-based service offerings. As the healthcare delivery system continues to evolve, these Company-wide initiatives provide increased efficiency and continue to position us as an innovator and leader in delivering collaborative and integrated care across the healthcare continuum.
Our Company is comprised of two business segments spanning 35 states. Within the inpatient rehabilitation industry, HealthSouth is the largest owner and operator of hospitals. We served 28% of the total Medicare inpatient rehabilitation patients in 2016 and operated 123 hospitals, 37 of which operate as joint ventures with acute care systems. Our home health and hospice business, Encompass, which includes 188 adult home health locations and 35 hospice locations, accounted for the fourth largest home health company in the country by Medicare revenues. Over the past year, we made significant strides with both of these business segments through our focus on strategic growth and clinical collaboration between the two while maintaining strong financial performance. We are pleased to share with you some of the key accomplishments in 2016 as well as our strategic priorities for 2017.

HealthSouth 2016 Annual Report
  GROWTH
Following our 2015 acquisitions of Reliant Hospital Partners and CareSouth, we worked throughout 2016 to integrate these new locations. We also added four new inpatient rehabilitation hospitals, ten home health locations and eight hospice locations. Our strategic growth plan focused significantly on creating overlap markets, or a market with a HealthSouth inpatient rehabilitation hospital within 30 miles of an Encompass home health location. As a result, we’ve increased these overlap markets from 30% to 59% across our national footprint, since the acquisition of Encompass. Additionally, we continued to grow organically by adding 83 beds to our existing inpatient rehabilitation hospitals.
In 2017, we expect to continue to expand our network of hospitals through joint ventures and wholly owned development projects in those markets where trends are driving a significant need for inpatient rehabilitative services. We expect to expand our network of home health agencies, prioritizing those markets that overlap with HealthSouth hospitals.
OPERATIONAL INITIATIVES
Our success is built on the quality of care we provide to every patient with a focus on providing high-quality rehabilitative services and optimal outcomes. In 2016, we treated more than 270,000 patients across the post-acute continuum and worked diligently to expand clinical enhancements and collaboration. To achieve this, we developed a predictive model, based on data derived from our EMR system, to identify patients at risk for acute-care transfers. We also launched clinical protocols and coordinated discharge planning between our inpatient rehabilitation hospitals and Encompass home health agencies. This proactive collaboration offers an opportunity to provide unparalleled outcomes more quickly and cost effectively by improving care coordination and decreasing the likelihood that a patient will be readmitted into an acute care hospital.
We also gained valuable operating and clinical experience with alternative payment models in 2016. While these models take various forms, success in all of them is driven primarily by quality outcomes and efficient care delivery...areas of strength for HealthSouth and Encompass. In 2016, we continued our successful participation in eight Bundled Payments for Care Improvement initiatives. This experience should better position us for future bundled payment programs. In 2016, CMS introduced the Comprehensive Care for Joint Replacement model in 67 geographic areas. This program is specific to acute care hospitals by holding them accountable for cost and outcomes over a 90 -day period, but it presents HealthSouth and Encompass with opportunities to help our acute

HealthSouth 2016 Annual Report
  care partners achieve success. To this end, in 2016 HealthSouth began a strategic initiative to design a formal collaboration process that would allow us to work more closely with our acute care partners and provide a seamless experience for our patients. In 2017, we intend to continue to develop and implement risk sharing and bundling initiatives and further enhance the clinical collaboration between our inpatient rehabilitation hospitals and Encompass Home Health.
Additional evidence supporting our value proposition surfaced in 2016 when the American Heart Association and American Stroke Association issued their first guidelines on adult stroke rehabilitation calling for intensive, multidisciplinary treatment. Per the guidelines, the consistency of the findings in favor of inpatient rehabilitation facility (IRF) referral suggests that stroke survivors who qualify for IRF services should receive this care in preference to skilled nursing facility-based care. In response to these guidelines and our expertise in stroke rehabilitation, we will work to increase our stroke market share by communicating the HealthSouth value proposition to various audiences throughout 2017.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In parallel with our growth and operational initiatives in 2016, we maintained a strong balance sheet and reduced our debt by approximately $155 million. This reduction, coupled with our Adjusted EBITDA growth, reduced our leverage ratio from 4.6 to 3.8 times at year-end. We increased stockholder distributions through the repurchase of 1.7 million shares of common stock and the increase in our cash dividend to $0.24/per share. Additionally, strong revenue and volume growth in both segments yielded consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $794 million, an increase of 16% over prior year. In 2017, we intend to remain committed to financial stability by maintaining a strong balance sheet and continuing to have significant flexibility in how we utilize our free cash flow.
HUMAN CAPITAL
We continued to focus on ensuring a productive and engaged workforce. We were honored that both HealthSouth and Encompass were included in Modern Healthcare’s 2016 Best Places to Work in Healthcare. This award is exceptionally meaningful because employee responses count for the majority of each Company’s overall rating. Maintaining our reputation as an employer of choice will continue to be a top priority for us moving forward.
As always, our success in 2016 is a direct result of the skills, dedication and perseverance of our more than 35,000 employees across the country. Our company is extremely fortunate to employ

HealthSouth 2016 Annual Report
  industry-leading clinicians and professionals who provide a high level of care to our patients and are supported by the service-oriented professionals in our home office. We would also like to extend our deepest gratitude to Jay Grinney for his exceptional leadership during his tenure as our President and Chief Executive Officer from 2004 to 2016.
As we reflect on the past year and focus on the future, we would like to thank our stockholders for their continued support. We have made significant progress, but are more confident than ever that our best days lie ahead. We appreciate the commitment you continually place in us.
Sincerely,
Leo I. Higdon Jr. Chairman
Board of Directors
Mark Tarr
President
Chief Executive Officer
  
 March 24, 2017
Dear Fellow Stockholder:
I am pleased to invite you to attend our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of HealthSouth Corporation, to be held on Thursday, May 4, 2017, at 11:00 a.m., central time, at our corporate headquarters at 3660 Grandview Parkway, Suite 200, Birmingham, Alabama.
We will review our 2016 performance, discuss our outlook for 2017, and respond to any questions you may have. We will also consider the items of business described in the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and in the Proxy Statement accompanying this letter. The Proxy Statement contains important information about the matters to be voted on and the process for voting, along with information about HealthSouth, its management and its directors.
Every stockholder’s vote is important to us. Even if you plan to attend the annual meeting in person, please promptly vote by submitting your proxy by phone, by internet or by mail. The “Commonly Asked Questions” section of the Proxy Statement and the enclosed proxy card contain detailed instructions for submitting your proxy. If you plan to attend the annual meeting in person, you must provide proof of share ownership, such as an account statement, and a form of personal identification in order to be admitted to the meeting.
On behalf of the directors, management and employees of HealthSouth, thank you for your continued support of and ownership in our company.
Sincerely,
Leo I. Higdon, Jr.
Chairman of the Board of Directors
 