Dear Valued Stockholder:
The board of directors and management of HealthSouth are pleased to report the results of another year of
solid execution of the Company’s business plan:
Our focus on providing high-quality inpatient rehabilitative care allowed us to treat 123,854 patients,
an increase of 4.6% compared to 2011. This growth is especially significant since data from the
Uniform Data System for Medical Rehabilitation (the “UDSMR”), a data gathering and analysis
organization representing approximately 70% of the country’s inpatient rehabilitation providers,
indicates that discharges for all non-HealthSouth UDSMR-reporting entities declined by 1.1% in 2012.
We believe our success is directly related to our focus on clinical programs and technology
investments that are specifically designed to meet the needs of patients requiring inpatient
rehabilitative care. We are very proud of the fact that 86 of our hospitals have earned Disease-Specific
Care Certification in Stroke Rehabilitation from The Joint Commission (“TJC”). This is even more
impressive when one considers that HealthSouth accounts for approximately 80% of all TJC Disease-
Specific Care Certifications in Stroke Rehabilitation nationwide.
We also added to our portfolio of hospitals despite the challenging economic and political
environment. Our de novo strategy – building new hospitals in new markets – resulted in the
completion of a 40-bed hospital in Ocala, Florida; the continued construction of two hospitals, a 40-
bed hospital in Littleton, Colorado, and a 34-bed joint venture hospital with Martin Health System in
Stuart, Florida; and the receipt of approved certificates of need for hospitals in Orlando, Florida and
Newnan, Georgia. We also grew through acquisitions. We purchased a 34-bed inpatient rehabilitation
unit in San Antonio, Texas, which we consolidated into our existing Rehabilitation Institute of San
Antonio, and entered into a letter of intent to purchase the 58-bed Walton Rehabilitation Hospital in
Augusta, Georgia.
Our information technology team successfully implemented our electronic clinical information system,
which we refer to as “ACE-IT” (Advancing Clinical Excellence through Information Technology), at
13 additional hospitals. Starting in 2013, we expect to implement this system in approximately 20
hospitals each year. This new technology allows our clinical teams and physicians to collaborate
quickly and easily in providing coordinated care within our hospitals. Longer term, ACE-IT will
permit our hospitals to share clinical information on health exchanges and directly with other
providers, thereby enhancing patients’ comprehensive coordinated care across all providers.
We continued to strengthen and improve our balance sheet and financial flexibility in 2012 by
amending and extending our revolving credit facility and issuing $275 million of new 5.75% senior
notes maturing in 2024. Proceeds from the new notes offering were utilized to replenish our liquidity
and to reduce shorter maturity, higher coupon debt.
Finally, we again generated significant adjusted free cash flow even after increasing our maintenance
capital expenditures to cover hospital refurbishment projects and the implementation of our electronic
clinical information system. We utilized this free cash flow to support growth in our core business
through bed additions, new hospitals, and acquisitions, as well as to repurchase approximately $46.5
million of our convertible perpetual preferred stock.
While 2012 was a very successful year from an operational and financial perspective, these successes could
not have been achieved without the hard work and dedication of the Company’s 22,700 employees. The board of
directors and management are enormously grateful for their efforts and proud of their accomplishments.
Sincerely,
Jon F. Hanson Jay Grinney
Chairman President
Board of Directors Chief Executive Officer