TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Building on our last two years’ progress, 2010 proved to be very successful for us on several important fronts. We achieved outstanding financial results by continuing to be disciplined stewards of Health Management’s resources. Throughout the year, we made remarkable progress transforming Health Management into the most innovative health care organization in the nation. We made tremendous strides molding the culture of our organization with our Getting 2 GreatTM initiative and are approaching our goal of leading the industry in quality metrics. We were able to do all this and more while consistently maintaining focus on our three core operating initiatives: emergency room (ER) operations, physician recruitment, and market service development. Importantly, we added to our string of recent successful partnerships by completing transactions with two outstanding organizations – Shands HealthCare and the Wuesthoff Health System. Indeed, we are now very proud to be enabling great local health care in the communities of Starke, Live Oak, Lake Shore, Melbourne, and Rockledge, Florida.
We continue to support our family of hospitals by investing in information systems to create efficiencies and achieve the necessary technical certifications required for additional patient reimbursement. We are deploying ground-breaking predictive analytic techniques that allow us to better manage our business in a more productive and proactive manner. We made strong commitments to leadership training and development so that those in the field are equipped to execute at the highest levels and deliver the best care possible. The result is a portfolio of outstanding, high quality, modern hospitals and medical staffs that have earned the pride of the communities they serve. Lastly, we continue to generate the strong cash flows that allow us to continually reinvest in our hospitals and fund meaningful partnerships with new communities.
For the full year, Health Management grew its net revenue by more than 12% to $5.1 billion; increased its income from operations by more than 11% to $490.1 million; and grew diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Health Management Associates, Inc. common stockholders by more than 18% to $0.65. Cash flow from these earnings was used in 2010 to acquire five hospitals, representing $400 million in annual revenue, and to invest nearly $210 million in capital to expand our existing hospitals’ services.
A DISCIPLINED OPERATING FOCUS
Patients chose our ERs for their care more than 1.4 million times during 2010, a 4.5% increase over the prior year. Many of these visits represented a patient’s first encounter with one of our hospitals, giving us the all- important opportunity to make a great first impression which is so vital to ensuring our facilities become the hospitals of choice for their future health care needs.
The 2010 introduction of our signature, patient- centered, ER Extra® program – designed to reduce patient wait times, enhance patient satisfaction, and improve the quality and scope of patient assessments – contributed to a 15% gain in patient satisfaction and an 8% reduction in average encounter times. We are singularly focused on making all our ER experiences extra fast, extra easy, and extra great for the patients we serve.
We recognize that to serve the ever changing medical needs of our communities, we must continually recruit needed physicians to these markets. To that end, we continue to evaluate and meet the demand for new physicians and services. During the year, we added more than 650 new doctors, setting a new high-watermark for the number of physicians added in a single year.
Innovation is not only imperative to differentiate our hospitals from the competition, but also a reality of the dynamic health care industry in which we operate. We now
deploy state-of-the-art equipment and services, such as advanced robotic surgery, in many of our communities: services previously found only in tertiary urban facilities. We do this because we believe that the people who live and work in our communities should drive only a few miles for the best comprehensive care, staying close to family and friends.
PARTNERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES ABOUND
Today, more than ever, real challenges exist that threaten the economic viability of hundreds – if not thousands – of stand-alone hospitals. The current economic malaise, facilities’ burdensome debt loads, unfunded pensions, and lack of accessible capital markets are meaningful obstacles spurring hospitals to seek new partners. With their independence threatened, we can’t imagine a more intimate decision for communities than with whom they should partner to operate their community hospital. Fortunately, we stand ready to help. As an outstanding strategic partner with a successful 33-year track record of flexible acquisition options, we are the pure-play partner of choice for non-urban facilities.
In 2010, Shands HealthCare (Shands), affiliated with the University of Florida and one of the Southeast’s premier health systems, sought out Health Management precisely for its operating expertise and culture. In July, we acquired the assets of three Shands hospitals located in central Florida, with a combined 139 licensed beds. This
 
  Gary D. Newsome, President and Chief Executive Officer and William J. Schoen, Chairman
partnership, in which Shands retained a minority interest, now generates valuable new tax revenue for the respective communities. Consequently, these communities were able to reduce local taxes, benefiting local citizens.
Maintaining our solid acquisition pace, we acquired the two-hospital, 413-bed Wuesthoff Health System in October. Located on the east coast of central Florida, Wuesthoff – saddled with large capital requirements of their own – chose us to help continue their important mission. Within a few short months of the transaction, we expanded services, added innovative robotic surgery capabilities, and recruited much needed physicians to the Melbourne and Rockledge markets.
The prospects for future partnerships and acquisitions look strong. We believe the economic realities and operational challenges for independent hospitals and small hospital systems will not diminish for the foreseeable future. We stand ready to help with a culture of patient-centered care, a strong financial base, and flexible partnership models to provide joint venture, long-term lease, or outright asset purchase options.
QUALITY MATTERS MOST
The cornerstone of everything we do has been – and continues to be – premised on the delivery of high quality health care at the local level. As part of our Getting 2 GreatTM initiative, we have invested in great leadership, introduced a “people- centric” culture, and implemented the necessary
processes to affect change and measure our progress. We are pleased to report that we finished 2010 having achieved the highest core measure scores in our history. Now, we fully expect to achieve our goal of leading the industry in these measures very soon.
A BRIGHT OUTLOOK
Despite the challenges of a difficult economy, we continue to seek and find opportunities to improve our operations, create value, and continue our mission. Indeed, we are excited about our prospects for the future.
Although health care reform remains cloudy due to poorly defined legislation and a politically turbulent environment, we nonetheless believe that any incremental reform which provides affordable access to health insurance for the underinsured and uninsured benefits everyone – including Health Management.
In closing, we would like to recognize all our hardworking Associates who support our communi- ties and their citizens by donating their time and money to worthy causes. They are swinging the hammers, driving the nails, lacing up the shoes, and walking the walks to make their communities great. Our success is a direct result of our individual and collective commitment to being servant leaders, doing the right thing, and never settling for anything less than the best. We believe the faith and spirit of our Associates ensures our future success in enabling America’s best local health care.
William J. Schoen
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Gary D. Newsome
President and Chief Executive Officer
Naples, Florida March 24, 2011
                       *All chart data is from continuing operations (in thousands).
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010
494 512
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010
296 2006 300 2007 297 2008
1,267 2007 1,286 2008
265 265
TOTAL ADJUSTED ADMISSIONS*
TOTAL ADMISSIONS*
TOTAL ER VISITS*
1,209 2006
TOTAL SURGERIES*
513 535
307 2009 325 2010
1,361 2009 1,421 2010
284 283
588
316
