2

Health Management Associates, Inc.

To Our Stockholders

"These are unsettled times, but we are confident that there are unique opportunities for HMA to continue improving in 2009."
 Despite the headwinds of a very difficult economic environment in 2008, HMA grew its net revenue by approximately 3.7% to $4.5 billion; generated operating cash flow of $425.6 million and reduced its total debt by $522.5 million representing 14% of the total debt with which the Company began the year.  2008 was a year of transition for HMA. Most notably, HMA's board of directors affected a leadership change it believed was necessary for the Company's future success. The board believes that HMA's success in the current climate requires a leader with a successful track record of hospital operations, and in September 2008 Gary D. Newsome was appointed HMA's new President and Chief Executive Officer.  During the year, we witnessed a return to the fundamental principles upon which HMA was founded more than 31 years ago: a focus on delivering high quality health care and a return to the discipline of hospital operations led by a management team with a lifetime of hospital operations experience. Quality & Satisfaction We successfully executed our plan in 2008 to raise the quality of the health

William J. Schoen, Chairman of the Board (left) and Gary D. Newsome, President and CEO

care we deliver and improve the satisfaction of our patients, physicians and employees. We are pleased to report that in just one year, we have significantly improved our quality scores and witnessed satisfaction increases beyond our expectations.  We are continuing to work to fulfill our mission to deliver compassionate and high quality health care services to improve the quality of life in the communities we serve. Based on our progress, we believe that in the next

year, we will achieve our vision to lead the hospital industry in quality and customer satisfaction. Hospital Operations HMA has always been recognized for operating hospitals in wonderful communities with excellent growth potential, and this aspect of our business has not changed. Significant opportunities, which we believe are unique to HMA, exist in our communities when we acknowledge a more



3

2008 Annual Report

competitive environment and adapt quickly to meet those challenges. We have begun that process with a focus on three key areas: emergency room (ER) operations, physician recruitment and market service development.  The ER is the real front door to a hospital with approximately half of patient admissions at our nation's hospitals originating in the ER. Candidly, while the quality of care at its hospital ERs was sufficient, HMA's focus on ER operations the past several years could have been sharper. We have sharpened that focus, having upgraded our ER system hardware and software, increased training of ER staff and physicians, and updated, improved and standardized treatment protocols and benchmarking oversight. We believe these efforts had a positive impact on our fourth quarter volume.  Similarly, physicians are the lifeblood of the medical community, and we must better address the needs of our communities with additional physician recruitment. We have added additional leadership resources and divisional support to aid the recruiting effort across our entire system, and we have re-emphasized accountability at the divisional and local level. This renewed focus resulted in 200 new physician recruitment signings in 2008's fourth quarter alone, doubling the results of a year ago.  Market service development is a longer term area of focus but integral to improving the level of health care services we are providing our communities. By leveraging existing market service strengths and physician expertise in a particular HMA community, we seek to establish centers of excellence in specific service lines to attract patients from both within the community and around the state and country. This applies to both inpatient

services and outpatient diagnostic and surgical services. It is a natural extension of our quality and physician recruitment initiatives. Capital Expenditures Investment in our hospitals will continue, and while we modestly scaled back capital expenditures during the latter part of 2008, we invested nearly a quarter billion dollars into our communities during the year. Our capital expenditure plans for 2009 call for a similar level of investment, which stands in stark contrast to many competitor hospitals that have severely cut back or eliminated capital investment plans for 2009. We intend to remain flexible with our capital investments. Collaboration During 2008, HMA completed five joint venture transactions with local physicians or other health care organization partners to operate 11 hospitals. Most notably, on March 31, 2008, HMA partnered with Novant Health, Inc, selling Novant a 27% interest in all seven of our North and South Carolina hospitals. We believe that this partnership with Novant, a strong, nationally recognized regional health system, further enhances the quality of care residents in these HMA communities can expect to receive. We plan to continue to develop mutually beneficial joint venture relationships with physicians and health care organizations in 2009. Outlook Our government appears poised to enact meaningful health care reform that will be designed to improve access to health care services for all citizens, while aligning the proper incentives to continue to enhance quality and

promote technological development and reinvestment.  These are unsettled times, but we are confident that there are unique opportunities for HMA to continue improving in 2009. Our focus on operations is beginning to gain traction as evidenced by the improved patient volumes we experienced in the fourth quarter. In addition, we have exercised discipline and taken some aggressive and prudent steps to manage our costs, and we will act as effective stewards of our resources throughout the coming year. Based on our initial progress and the expected benefit of our physician recruitment efforts, we issued our 2009 objectives on January 13, 2009, with projected income from continuing operations per diluted share of between $0.37 and $0.45 on anticipated net revenue of between $4.55 and $4.65 billion. In addition, our de-leveraging efforts have continued as we have already repaid $73.9 million of our indebtedness during the first quarter of 2009. Our goal is to reduce our debt by at least $150 million during the year.  We are excited at the prospects for HMA in 2009 and beyond, and we would like to thank the many compassionate health care professionals, employees and physicians whose unselfish dedication to their professions has improved the quality of life in the communities we serve.

William J. Schoen Chairman of the Board of Directors

Gary D. Newsome President and Chief Executive Officer Naples, Florida March 25, 2009

