Dear Shareholder

We are a stronger company than we were a year ago, well positioned for long term success. We continue to streamline and strengthen our core businesses, creating a platform to power long term profitable growth. Our strategies are working: more from the core, split and focus with leverage, and Rapid Continuous Improvement driven by the power of our member owner culture. As a result, we are confident in our ability to double earnings every three to five years based on the following key pillars. BEST TOTAL COST--POSITIONED FOR THE FUTURE We will be the best cost producer in the markets we serve. We will continue to relentlessly drive structural cost reduction, significant productivity improvements, product simplification, and design commonization--all of which helped us increase profits in 2016 despite lower sales. Long term, best total cost allows us to deliver greater value to customers, drive growth and enhance profitability. Our commitment to operational excellence is a sustainable competitive advantage delivering significant value to all stakeholders. OFFICE FURNITURE--STRONG MARKET POSITION AND GROWTH OPPORTUNITY We maintain the broadest and deepest coverage in office furniture with our strong portfolio of brands. Our split and focus model continues to offer the best opportunity to reach the most customers. Brands with focused management teams tuned and tailored to specific customer segments provide a laser focused, consistent, flawless customer experience. The investments we have made in new products and selling capabilities will drive greater returns because they are targeted to our customers' unique needs. Our relationships with winning customers provides a distribution platform that remains a major sustainable competitive advantage. HEARTH BUSINESS--LEADING POSITION IN ROBUST MARKET Our hearth business is the clear leader in its market. We have the best known and most preferred brands for builders and homeowners supported by the industry's best products, distribution and customer focused organization. Our best in class supply chain provides unsurpassed financial benefits to our resellers and their customers with a just in time delivery model making them more profitable. Our leading value proposition for builders and homeowners puts us in an excellent position to realize continued benefits from the long term, sustainable growth in single family housing.

OUR CULTURE--A COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE We remain committed to our unique culture, core beliefs and values. Our member owner culture continues to stand the test of time and sets us apart from the competition. We continue to build talent and capability across the organization with the next generation of leaders. LOOKING FORWARD--2017 As we look to 2017, we expect strong performance driven by top line growth, continued benefit from our investments and relentless cost reductions. Our office furniture businesses are strong and well positioned to benefit from investments in selling capabilities and new products in an improving market. Our hearth business continues to lead the industry. With our strong brands, broadest market coverage and outstanding sales partners, we are well positioned to continue delivering long term shareholder value. THANK YOU We appreciate the continued trust placed in us by our customers, suppliers, members and shareholders. One of our core beliefs is the concept of collective gain. We believe when we provide more value to our customers than their alternatives, we create value for all stakeholders. I want to thank our committed partners for helping us drive long term value creation.

Stan A. Askren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer HNI Corporation

HNI CORPORATION

