Dear Shareholder
We delivered on our commitments--significantly increasing profits, investing in our businesses for long-term, profitable growth and continuing to build strong businesses to outperform the market.

We had a great year in 2013. We delivered on our commitments--significantly increasing profits, investing in our businesses for long-term, profitable growth and continuing to build strong businesses to outperform the market. Our profits increased over 30 percent on sales growth of three percent. We continued to deliver strong cash generation with $165 million in operating cash flow. Our strategies are working and are unchanged: focus on the core, split and focus with leverage, core plus market growth and Rapid Continuous Improvement inspired and supported by our member/owner culture. Our market momentum is strong and our businesses are well positioned for long-term, profitable growth.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

OFFICE FURNITURE--STRONG PERFORMANCE IN CORE MARKETS

Our supplies-driven and contract businesses outperformed the market. We invested aggressively in new product solutions and platforms to meet the needs of our customers. Our new products have been well received, with strong demand across channels, customers and end users. Sales in our international businesses were relatively flat, challenged by slowing growth in China and India. Our international strategy remains on track for long-term, profitable growth. Lamex continues to strengthen our leading market position in China. We successfully entered India with the acquisition of BP Ergo, an important long-term growth platform for this rapidly growing market.
FINANCIALLY STRONG AND INVESTING FOR THE FUTURE

In 2013, the U.S. economy continued on a path of slow growth with unemployment remaining above pre-recession levels, low white collar job growth and reduced spending by the federal government. Economic growth slowed in our key international markets of China and India. These overall economic conditions provided headwinds to our office furniture sales. The housing construction and remodel /retrofit markets continued to rebound, fueling strong growth for our hearth business.
HEARTH BUSINESS--OUTSTANDING SALES AND PROFIT GROWTH

We strengthened our financial position in 2013, ending the year with our lowest debt level in eight years. Working capital was again a key source of cash. Our capital priorities are unchanged: reinvest in our businesses, pay dividends to our shareholders, seek value enhancing acquisitions and, when appropriate, repurchase stock, primarily to offset dilution. Our balance sheet provides significant capacity for future investment. We accelerated manufacturing and distribution investments in 2013 in response to the changing requirements of the workplace and to deliver consistent, flawless performance to our customers. Our operational investments and strong execution drove excellent performance in complete and ontime shipments, lead times, safety and quality. We continued to invest in our marketing and selling capabilities with better branding, content and improved connectivity with our channel partners. Business Systems Transformation (BST) remains a key long-term investment for HNI. This strategic

Our hearth business achieved outstanding financial results, delivering $20 million operating profit growth on $58 million in additional sales. Our aggressive cost structure reset and strategic investments during the great recession provide the foundation for strong long-term financial returns. We have the best known and most preferred brands by both builders and homeowners, supported by the best products, distribution and customer-focused organization in the industry.

HNI CORPORATION

initiative is centered on simplifying and transforming our business processes to deliver more value for our customers and reducing non-value added costs. We made great progress on BST in 2013 with significant work to continue in the coming years.
STRONG MOMENTUM FOR 2014

I am optimistic about our businesses and our prospects. Our office furniture businesses are strong and we are investing significantly for their future success. Our hearth business is delivering significant value based on a reset cost structure and long-term investments. With strong brands, the broadest market coverage and outstanding sales partners, we are well positioned to continue our momentum: growing profits, investing in our businesses for the long term and outperforming the market.
THANK YOU

I want to thank our customers and our shareholders for their continued loyalty, trust and support and our members for their dedication and hard work over the past year.

St A Stan A. A Askren k Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer HNI Corporation

2013 ANNUAL REPORT

