02

DEAR SHAREHOLDER
2015 was another strong year. We delivered a thirty percent improvement in non-GAAP earnings on modest sales growth. We again generated solid cashflow to support our long-term business investments and increased our already strong dividend. Our businesses performed well versus the competition in a challenging, slow-growth economic environment. Office Furniture markets were negatively impacted in the second half of 2015 by muted CEO and small business confidence and the economic turmoil in China. In our Hearth markets, single family housing starts continued to improve modestly while warmer weather and dramatically lower oil prices severely impacted the biomass market. We executed well on our core strategies in 2015: focus on the core, split and focus with leverage, core plus and Rapid Continuous Improvement driven by the strength of our member/ owner culture.

HEARTH BUSINESS--ANOTHER YEAR OF RECORD EARNINGS Our Hearth business achieved another year of record earnings, delivering $80 million of operating profits on sales of $527 million. Sales results across the business were mixed. Solid growth in the new construction and retail gas businesses was partially offset by a significant decline in the biomass business due to low oil prices and warm weather. We continued investing to strengthen our industry leading brands, products and distribution, and we are the preferred choice for builders and homeowners. We are focused on significant investment and structural cost reduction opportunities to drive additional value creation in our Hearth business. OFFICE FURNITURE--OUTSTANDING PROFIT IMPROVEMENT Our Office Furniture business profitability improved by twentyfive percent on modest sales growth. Strong operational performance, consistent flawless execution for our customers and benefits from strategic investments were key drivers for increased earnings. Our North America sales increased two percent led by growth in our contract business of approximately five percent. Our supplies driven business sales were flat driven by muted small business confidence. Sales in our international business were up three percent despite the drag from the economic upheaval in China. Looking forward, we see significant opportunities for increased investments and structural cost reductions to deliver attractive financial returns and additional profit improvement across our Office Furniture businesses, even in a challenging economic environment.

HNI CORPORATION

03

BUSINESS SYSTEM TRANSFORMATION We continued our investment and commitment to Business Systems Transformation (BST). We made strong progress simplifying and transforming our business processes to deliver more value to our customers and reduce non-value added costs. BST remains a significant focus for the organization and a major strategic investment for HNI. OUR CULTURE--A COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE We remain committed to our unique culture, core beliefs and values. Our member owner culture continues to stand the test of time and is what sets us apart from the competition. We believe the key to value creation is an intense focus on creating value for customers. When we create value for customers by consistently delivering more, better, faster with less, we create value for shareholders, and ultimately for our members.

LOOKING FORWARD--2016 As we look to 2016, we expect the weak economic environment to continue, impacting our competitive markets. Despite facing potential sales declines, we are aggressively driving significant structural cost reductions while investing for the future across our businesses. I am confident we are focused on the right actions to deliver long-term value for customers, members and shareholders. THANK YOU Finally, I want to thank our customers, members, and suppliers for their contributions to our success. We appreciate the continued loyalty and trust placed in us by customers, suppliers and shareholders. Thank you to our members for their continued dedication and hard work to drive long-term value creation.

" 2015 was another strong year. We delivered a thirty percent improvement in non-GAAP earnings on modest sales growth."

Stan A. Askren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, HNI Corporation

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

