Dear Shareholder

WE HAD ANOTHER GREAT YEAR IN 2014. WE EXCEEDED OUR FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS--SIGNIFICANTLY GROWING SALES, DELIVERING SOLID EARNINGS AND GENERATING STRONG CASH FLOW. WE OUTPERFORMED THE COMPETITION IN OUR MARKETS WHILE CONTINUING TO INVEST IN OUR BUSINESSES FOR LONG-TERM, PROFITABLE GROWTH."

Our strategies are working and unchanged: focus on the core, split and focus with leverage, core plus and rapid continuous improvement driven by the strength of our member/owner culture. We are pleased with our results, yet are clearly focused on our opportunities for future significant value creation. HEARTH BUSINESS--RECORD EARNINGS Our Hearth business achieved record financial results, delivering $77 million of operating profits on $484 million of sales. Market momentum was very strong with a twenty-nine percent sales increase. To put this in perspective, prior peak operating profits of $75 million were generated on sales of $595 million. The foundation for these outstanding financial results was established through the aggressive cost structure reset and strategic investments implemented during

the recession. We completed the acquisition of the Vermont Castings Group in the fourth quarter, further strengthening our market-leading position. We have the best brands, products, distribution and customer focused organization in the industry, making us the preferred choice for builders, dealers and homeowners. We expect significant future sales and earnings growth in this business. OFFICE FURNITURE--STRONG PERFORMANCE Our Office Furniture businesses had strong earnings driven by a three percent sales increase and strong operational performance. North American sales were led by accelerating momentum in our contract business, which grew approximately nine percent. Sales in our international businesses were down modestly, commensurate with slow economic conditions in China and India.

2

HNI CORPORATION

We aggressively invested for the long term in new product solutions and platforms to meet the evolving needs of our customers and channel partners. We continued to accelerate investments in new processes and capabilities in manufacturing and distribution for consistent flawless execution and best cost. Looking forward, we expect these investments to continue to deliver Office Furniture business profit improvement similar to the results achieved by our Hearth business. Our unique market position, with the broadest and deepest distribution, product solutions and platforms, places us in an advantaged position as the office furniture market recovers. Our long-term investment and commitment to Business Systems Transformation (BST) strategic initiative continues. We made solid progress simplifying and transforming our business processes to deliver more value to our customers while reducing non-value added costs. BST will continue as a significant focus and strategic investment for the organization. MEMBERS AND OUR CULTURE CREATE VALUE Driving our success is a set of unique and strongly aligned beliefs, behaviors and processes enthusiastically shared by our members. We create value for our customers through the commitment of our members and the capital of our shareholders. When we create value for our customers, we grow and generate profits, which we share with our shareholders and members. It's a powerful equation and self-sustaining cycle. We manage through split and focus. We improve through rapid continuous improvement. We grow through core plus. This integrated business model and set of processes drive continuous performance improvement over the long term. Members share in profits, which engages our members to best serve our customers. By staying true to our culture and business processes, we will continue to create significant long-term value for our customers, shareholders and members.

THANK YOU I want to thank our customers, members and stakeholders for their contributions to our success over the past year. We appreciate the continued loyalty and trust placed in us by customers and shareholders. We are grateful to our members for their continued dedication and hard work to drive value creation. We have significant opportunities offering exciting potential and possibilities for the future. We are committed to meet these challenges to deliver significant long-term value for our customers, members and shareholders.

Stan A. Askren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer HNI Corporation

ANNUAL REPORT 2014

3

