DE AR SHAREHOLDERS
:
We were challenged by the business cycle in 2007.
Housing starts declined 56 percent from the peak in 2006, and we experienced softness
in the office supplies channel, where we enjoy our strongest office furniture position.
In the face of these challenges, we did what we have always done well at HNI: We adapted
to the marketplace and aggressively pursued improvement across the corporation.
We continued to pursue our core strategies, leveraging our unique structure to get
closer to our customers and create value. We strengthened our businesses and
positioned them for long-term growth.
The actions we took resulted in record revenue and operating profit in our
office furniture business and record operating cash flow for the corporation
during 2007. We also improved consolidated gross profit margin during the
year despite the market decline our hearth business faced.
Positioning for Value Creation and Growth
Every year, in good times and bad, we strive to position ourselves for profitable
growth by focusing on our markets and continuously strengthening and
streamlining our business. That’s what we did in 2007.
We aggressively retooled our hearth business to better align with dramatically
lower market demand, implementing more than $50 million in fixed and non-fixed
cost reductions. As a result, our hearth business continued to manage profitably through
the negative effects of the housing market. Even though its sales were down 23 percent
compared with 2006, the hearth business generated a 7.9 percent operating profit
margin in 2007.
We also sharpened our focus by streamlining our office furniture businesses and
product lines during the year. We continued to increase our cost leverage of HNI’s scale
across the corporation, driving toward sharing more services and best practices. As a
result of these and many other actions, our office furniture business’s 2007 operating
profit grew more than four times faster than revenue.
At the same time, we worked to strengthen our market position, getting closer to our
customers to better understand their needs and tailoring our product offerings and selling
models accordingly. The result will be the launch of a record number of new product
solutions in 2008 and continued investment in our brands and selling models.
To enhance the fulfillment process for customers, we’re transforming our manufacturing
and transportation network model. We’re realigning our manufacturing capacity as part of
that effort, closing some facilities while improving and expanding others to support growth.
We shut down our Monterrey, Mexico, facility earlier in the year. We announced
plans to close our Richmond, Virginia, plant in the first half of 2008 and consolidate production
into our Cedartown, Georgia, and Muscatine, Iowa, facilities. The Richmond closure alone
will eliminate approximately $10 million in annual costs when fully implemented in 2009.
We also outsourced a large part of our logistics management to a third-party provider,
which will result in a $7 million reduction in annual transportation costs when completed
in mid-2008.
We effectively responded to the business cycle in 2007, but we believe there is room for
more improvement. Rapid Continuous Improvement is at the heart of our culture and touches
everything we do. We’re managing better today than we did a year ago; we’ll manage even
more effectively a year from now.
HNI'S UNIQUE MODEL AND GRWOTH STRATEGY CONTINUE
Our decentralized split-and-focus business model succeeded in a year that presented
an unusually wide range of challenges and opportunities. Because our companies
are independent and focused on unique market segments, each was able to nimbly tailor
its response to its own environment without compromising HNI’s high standards of
quality and service.
Our contract-oriented office furniture businesses continued to expand and gain
market share while our supplies-oriented office furniture businesses dealt with softer market
demand. At the same time, our hearth business was able to resize significantly without
compromising its long-term competitive capability.
Each HNI company follows a “Core Plus” strategy, which focuses on growing the
existing businesses (the “Core”) while seeking out and developing new frontiers for growth
(the “Plus”). We grow the core profitably in two ways. First, by continually improving
operations through lean principles. Second, by focusing on end users and letting that guide
new branding, product development, marketing and selling strategies.
“Plus” growth opportunities include adjacent vertical markets like education or health
care; new distribution models, which have been a continued focus for our hearth and
contract-oriented office furniture businesses; and new geographies such as China, where
Lamex delivered strong performance in its first full year as an HNI company.
The Core Plus strategy is intended to renew our businesses continuously, enhancing
their competitiveness and producing growth faster than the industry. While Core Plus did
not fully offset major declines in our industry or in segments where we’re especially strong
during 2007, it has enabled us to gain market share over time in both the hearth and office
furniture industries and strengthened our prospects for the longer term.
GOING FORWARD: MEETING THE CHALLENGE
The business cycle and U.S. economy will continue to present challenges, at least in
the near term. We’re planning for the current market weakness to continue through 2008—
conditions in the hearth industry will continue to deteriorate with the general housing
market, and we expect the supplies-driven channel in office furniture to remain soft
into 2009. We’re projecting overall office furniture industry growth to soften during the
same period.
With the initiatives we’ve completed to resize our hearth business, we expect even
a modest recovery in new homebuilding to produce significant increases in profits. In our
hearth business and in all our office furniture businesses, we’ll continue to be aggressive
in pursuing opportunities to further streamline operations and generate cash while
investing to drive growth, both organically and through acquisitions.
We remain excited about the long-term prospects of this corporation. Our strong
fundamentals remain unchanged: motivated and engaged members; well-managed, strong
business positions in industries with attractive long-term potential; strong profitability and
solid cash flow generation; and a track record of growing faster than our industries.
HNI members are working hard every day, driving change in our business in ways that
both improve performance now and strengthen our ability to perform even better in the
future. We all share a growing confidence that HNI will come out of this cycle stronger
than ever.
We thank you for your support.
Sincerely,
STAN A. ASKREN
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
HNI Corporation
