Dear Shareholders:

Stan A. Askren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

2011 was a year of strong performance for HNI Corporation. All businesses achieved solid growth and corporate profits improved by over 70 percent. We made significant progress on our strategies, and our growth investments are yielding attractive returns. The continued improvement in the economy is encouraging, and we are determined to build on our momentum in 2012. We are competitively well positioned in our markets, and the prospects for our businesses are excellent. Office Furniture--Encouraging Growth Our overall market position in office furniture is strong with the broadest and deepest product offering and distribution. We are investing to keep our brands relevant and to help our partners compete more effectively and profitably. Growth in our corporate projects-driven office furniture businesses was robust, particularly in the first half of the year. Business spending increased as the economy improved, and demand benefited from corporate investment in real estate strategies to reduce lease and occupancy costs. Our international business delivered exceptional performance, especially in China where we are a market leader. We are investing aggressively to expand within our existing international markets and pursue new growth frontiers.

Growth in our supplies-driven business was modest as employment and broader economic concerns weighed on small business confidence. We performed well relative to the market as investments in new products and selling initiatives are paying off. HNI is the leader in the supplies-driven office furniture channel, and we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive position. Hearth Business--Strong Profit Improvement Despite challenging market conditions and declining housing starts, our hearth business leveraged its leading market position to increase sales and drive significant profit improvement. We are investing in new products and expanding our selling and marketing capabilities to enhance our competitive advantage. With the hearth industry's strongest brands, best products, and superior manufacturing and distribution capabilities, we are well positioned for continued strong profitable growth. Strong Cash Generation--Focused Capital Deployment Our operating cash flow remained strong at over $130 million. We grew our businesses without adding working capital, which allowed us to reinvest for growth and generate attractive free cash flow. We are committed to an industry-leading dividend, which we increased by 7 percent in 2011. We reduced debt, strengthened our balance sheet and increased our financial flexibility.

HNI Corporation 2011 Annual Report

We continue investing to build strong businesses and drive long-term shareholder value-creation.

Value-enhancing acquisitions remain a priority. We bolstered our growing position in the education market with the acquisition of Sagus, a leading provider of high-quality and well-priced educational furniture solutions. HNI Corporation is now the industry leader in the K­12 education market and offers the most extensive line of products. Competitive Advantage HNI's split-and-focus business model is core to our success and competitive advantage. Our decentralized structure enables our businesses to operate close to the markets they serve, deeply understand customers and create tailored selling and fulfillment models to serve them. Our management teams are equipped to rapidly respond to emerging opportunities and generate new sources of growth. We know how to compete, manufacture and execute. We have a strong culture of lean thinking, and our pursuit of performance improvement is relentless. Our members continuously collaborate across our businesses to identify opportunities to fully leverage the scale of HNI in core functions such as purchasing, information technology, logistics, product development and manufacturing. Investing for Profitable Growth We continue investing to build strong businesses and drive long-term shareholder value-creation. In 2011 we launched 51 new product series, a reflection of our commitment to build market leadership with innovative products. We are building e-business capabilities to

reach more customers and make it easier for our partners to do business with HNI. Our investments in industryleading selling programs and processes are designed to make HNI the preferred choice--the first time, every time for our partners and customers. We are adding selling and marketing capabilities to deeply penetrate our existing markets and extend the reach of HNI into new markets. We are building for the future, today. Looking Forward With Confidence Looking forward, I am optimistic about the future despite an uncertain economy. HNI is well positioned for longterm profitable growth given our leadership in attractive markets. Our businesses are strong, competitive and agile. Our strategies are focused, and we have solid, executable plans to capture the growth potential created by our strategies. Our members are engaged and empowered to make a positive difference. Our principles and values are enduring and will guide the company forward to continued success. Thank You I would like to thank our members for their dedication and passion. They make HNI a great place to work. Finally, thank you to our customers and partners for their loyalty, and to our shareholders for their investment and continued trust.

Stan A. Askren Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer HNI Corporation

HNI Corporation 2011 Annual Report

