DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

While we're not satisfied with our results... we are competing well in our markets, and our growth strategies are working.

WE'RE MANAGING THROUGH COST AND ECONOMIC PRESSURES.

structure and continue to resize the hearth business to reflect lower anticipated demand levels.
WE DELIVERED ENCOURAGING TOP-LINE AND MARKET SHARE GROWTH.

We were hit by a record rise in the cost of materials in our office furniture business. This was particularly tough because close to half of our furniture business is in the catalog channel. It takes longer to put price increases into effect in this channel, resulting in a significant lag time between input cost increases and price realization. We started to close the gap by the fourth quarter. In the hearth business, an unprecedented decrease in new housing starts negatively impacted our results. After a long run of new construction in housing ­ close to a decade of industry growth ­ the market declined more severely than anyone anticipated. We have aggressively adjusted our cost

Our businesses are strong and competitive. Industry growth in office furniture was robust across all sectors, and our sales more than kept pace. We continue to compete well in all of our markets and achieve market share gains. Our strategic investments made during the year performed at or above expectations. We also launched many new products across the business in 2006. We're the market leader in hearth products with the best brands and the most competitive value propositions. Despite the decline in housing starts,

HNI CORPOR ATION 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

3

Stan A. Askren
CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

we grew share in the new construction segment, making major inroads with the nation's largest builders. We also continued to grow our remodel/ retrofit business.
WE KEPT OUR FOCUS ON SHAREHOLDER RETURN.

The blend of HNI's best practices in lean manufacturing and marketing with Lamex's local market knowledge and product line is already proving to be a potent combination. We continued our strategy to selectively acquire contract office furniture distribution businesses to accelerate Allsteel's growth in large markets. Going forward, we'll look for other opportunities, market by market, to grow in this way. We also continued making investments in developing new vertical markets.
WE WERE BUILT FOR CHALLENGES LIKE THESE.

As we navigated through 2006 challenges, we continued to invest to create both short- and long-term value. We announced a 16.1 percent increase in our quarterly dividend and continued an aggressive share buyback program, repurchasing 4.3 million shares. Since 2003, we repurchased approximately 20 percent of our outstanding shares. We stayed focused on long-term growth and shareholder value creation by making strategic investments in many areas. We entered the large and very fast-growing China office furniture market by acquiring the leading company there, Lamex.

With our emphasis on agility, flexibility and adaptability, our model serves us well in any economic environment. This is where our culture and our values shine.

4

HNI CORPOR ATION 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

The strategic investments we've made are the right choices for our business. We're going to stay focused on the long term while we continue to meet short-term challenges head on.

We will continue to leverage HNI's unique culture and business model to drive continuous improvement. We're going to continue to emphasize lean. The lean journey is never-ending.
IT'S A LONG-TERM STRATEGY.

We are also pleased to have named Mary H. Bell, who is a Vice President of Caterpillar Inc. and Chairman and President of Caterpillar Logistics Services, Inc., to HNI's Board of Directors. We welcome Mary to the team.

Our goal is aggressive, profitable, sustainable growth. We have the strong fundamentals to achieve this objective. We're going to work diligently to ensure that we seize the opportunities ahead.
THANK YOU.

The coming year will be an exciting one. I have a great deal of confidence in our members and management team, and I believe that working together, we can drive continued success in our markets.

I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all those who are a critical part of our current and future performance. We're grateful to our members for their dedication and hard work over the past year; to our customers, for the trust they put in us; and to our directors, for their support and counsel. Stan A. Askren
CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

HNI CORPOR ATION 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

5

