2

Dear Shareholder
2012 WAS A GOOD YEAR. WE SAW POSITIVE TOP LINE GROWTH IN MOST OF OUR BUSINESSES. WE DELIVERED SOLID BOTTOM LINE GROWTH, GENERATED STRONG CASH FLOW, AND MADE STRONG PROGRESS ON OUR STRATEGIC INITIATIVES. THESE ACCOMPLISHMENTS WERE ACHIEVED IN A FLAT GROWTH MARKET AND SLUGGISH ECONOMY.
Our core strategic framework and focus continues to be centered on our: long standing Rapid Continuous Improvement efforts inspired by our member/owner culture; unique split and focus with leverage structure; and Core Plus market and growth strategies. We are constantly adjusting to adapt to the changing landscape, but our core strategies are working and continue. Our focus on efficiency and cost effectiveness is as strong as ever. We constantly and rigorously capture opportunities to drive waste out of our businesses and deploy our cash carefully and wisely for the benefit of our shareholders. Creating long-term value continues to be our commitment and primary objective. We believe strongly in taking a longerterm view of markets, customers, investments and value-creation strategies. At times we forgo short-term gains to pursue investments with opportunities for even greater sustainable returns down the road. A good example is our comprehensive Business Systems Transformation initiative. The goal of this multi-year investment is to simplify and transform our integrated processes, reduce our customers' cost of doing business with us, and significantly improve our ability to execute and take out waste. At the same time, we are committed to paying a strong dividend and growing our profits and earnings per share each year. These are interesting times. The global and U.S. economy are in a historically slow growth mode. Our end markets are tied directly to the overall economy. Competition is as intense and capable as ever. The office workplace is changing dramatically driven by new work styles, technology, generational shifts, and real estate and productivity considerations. The new housing construction market has finally started to recover after a historic downturn. Yet, these times offer tremendous opportunity for HNI. We are well positioned with strong brands and the broadest market coverage, channel coverage, product offerings, categories and price points. The changing office environment creates new furniture opportunities as organizations refit their offices with new furniture solutions. As new single family construction recovers, we are well positioned to benefit and expand our leadership position in hearth products. Our split and focus structure allows us to quickly adapt to changes, threats and opportunities. We have an effective cost structure, growing capabilities and a member/owner culture which is key to driving momentum. I remain excited about HNI's future and prospects for continued profitable growth.
OFFICE FURNITURE-- BUILDING FOR THE FUTURE

The office furniture market consists of two primary channels--the contract channel and the supplies-driven channel. HNI is the leader in the supplies-driven channel. We continue to expand our business and gain market share. Our suppliesdriven business grew over seven percent despite challenging market conditions

HNI CORPORATION

3

and depressed levels of small business confidence. Our brands have significant growth momentum, and we continue to strengthen our competitive position as we invest in new products, selling initiatives, e-commerce and marketing content. Growth in our contract office furniture businesses was basically flat in a declining market, negatively impacted by a steep drop in federal government office furniture spending. To position our businesses to benefit from market improvement, we continued to stay close to our customers and launched a number of relevant new products in 2012 to meet evolving customer needs. Our contract brands are an important part of our growth strategy, and I am excited about the opportunities for long-term profitable growth in these businesses. Our international business is a significant component of our Plus expansion strategy and continues to deliver strong performance, particularly in China where our Lamex brand is a recognized, trusted leader with a growing market position. We are aggressively investing to expand distribution and build focused selling capabilities to accelerate growth in Asia. Our recent acquisition of BP Ergo, a leading office furniture company in India, extends our leadership position into the large and fast-growing Indian office furniture market.
HEARTH BUSINESS--OUTSTANDING PROFIT GROWTH

brands by both builders and homeowners. Our competitive advantage and momentum are strong, and the business is well positioned for continued profitable growth in the future.
FINANCIALLY STRONG--EXCELLENT CASH GENERATION

WE CONTINUE INVESTING TO BUILD STRONG BUSINESSES AND DRIVE LONGTERM SHAREHOLDER VALUE-CREATION.

HNI is in excellent financial condition. Our businesses generated over $140 million of operating cash flow. Working capital performance was exceptional generating $33 million of excess cash while also financing our growth. Our balance sheet is strong with low levels of debt. In 2012, we increased the dividend by four percent. Since 2002, we have increased our dividend by 90 percent.
INVESTING FOR LONG-TERM GROWTH

I am excited about the investments we are making for the long-term. We are investing in innovative new products relevant to the way people work. Our expansion into the fast-growing architectural wall segment with a highly differentiated product has already received positive market response. We are investing in our synchronized, sequenced manufacturing and distribution operations to deliver consistent, flawless execution to our customers. We continue to invest in our members and in our organizational capabilities, and to improve selling, branding and customer loyalty. We are building for the future.
THANK YOU

Our hearth business delivered exceptional performance in 2012. We continued to grow our market share. Operating profits improved 80 percent, and our profit margin exceeded eight percent, the highest level in five years. Actions taken during recent years to resize our hearth business and simultaneously invest in new products, distribution and branding when housing was in steep decline are clearly yielding excellent financial benefits as new homebuilding recovers. We are the market leader in hearth products with the best known and most preferred

I would like to thank our members for their dedication and hard work over the past year, our customers for the trust they put in us, and our shareholders for their continued support of our company.

Stan A. Askren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

HNI Corporation

2012 ANNUAL REPORT

