2000 Annual Report HEALTH NET 5
To Health Net Stockholders - I am very pleased to report to you on a very successful 2000 for Health Net, Inc. Last year this letter discussed our hopes for a major turnaround. In 2000, we fulfilled many of our hopes as we virtually completed the turnaround and began to grow again. To signal this new beginning, on November 3, 2000, we changed the company name to Health Net, Inc. from Foundation Health Systems, Inc.
Long the name of our California health plan, Health Net is a name that evokes our future – a future when all of our health plans and most of our other operations will be known as Health Net.The health plans will strive to generate consistent enrollment growth based on outstanding service and consumer-responsive product designs. We hope to deliver value-added medical programs and increased operating efficiencies based on new technologies. If we do these things and help improve the health of our members, we believe all the measures of our financial performance will grow as well.
Growth is vital to any successful enterprise and it is essential to our future. In 2000, we made an excellent start on our new growth path as all of our key financial measurements improved. For the year, revenue increased by 5 percent to $9,076,555,000, as we added approximately 190,000 new members in continuing health plans with increased premiums that rightly reflected underlying health care cost trends.This growth does not count members in plans we sold either in 1999 or early in 2000.
Net income climbed by 15 percent to $163,623,000 or $1.33 per diluted share. In 2000, our margins expanded. For example, our margin on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization rose to 5 percent, from 4.5 percent in 1999. Our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expense ratio declined to 15.2 percent from 16.0 percent in 1999. Our efficiency improvement efforts, along with our investments in new technology, helped drive this ratio lower. There is more room for improvement in this ratio in the future as we continue to create new, more efficient business processes and more direct, less cumbersome interactions with our provider partners.
Operating cash flow improved by more than 23 percent, to $366,163,000 in 2000 from $297,128,000 in 1999 and from just over $100 million in 1998.This substantial improvement helped us reduce debt to $766,450,000 at year-end. This reduction in debt, along with an increase in stockholders’ equity to $1.1 billion, helped lower the debt-to-capital ratio to 42 percent at the end of the year.
As you read this, the debt-to-capital ratio is even lower thanks to a landmark settlement between Health Net and the Department of Defense (DoD) finalized just after year-end. On January 3, 2001, we announced a $389 million settlement with the DoD, thereby dramatically reducing the amounts receivable under government contracts and allowing us to pare debt even further.These new numbers will be reflected in the first quarter of 2001. Shortly after this announcement, Standard & Poor’s upgraded Health Net’s debt rating to investment grade, another important event signaling the impending completion of the turnaround.
The amounts receivable under government contracts on the balance sheet relates to our three TRICARE contracts with the DoD. Under these contracts, we serve the health care needs of approximately 1.5 million military retirees and dependents of active duty military personnel. At the end of 2000, the amounts receivable under government contracts stood at $334,187,000.
One measure of our financial performance that did not improve in 2000 was the health plan medical care ratio (MCR), which measures health care costs against premiums.The issue of medical cost inflation could easily consume this entire annual report. There are demographic, technological, financial and myriad other reasons why health care costs are rising. Our responses to this challenge are many, but first among them is the necessity to price our services consistent with these cost trends.We must also maintain reserves for health care costs. In 2000, our reserves for claims payable and our days claims payable, a standard industry measure of reserve adequacy, both improved.
The issue of health care costs extends to the financial health of our provider partners that we view as a vital responsibility. We try to ensure that our providers are compensated fairly and efficiently, so that these providers of care can meet the needs of our members – and employer groups and the government know their premium dollars are being spent prudently.

6 HEALTH NET 2000 Annual Report
The MCR in 2000 was as expected, and we believe it will decline by no more than a few tenths of a percent in the near future.
The fastest growing component of health care costs is pharmaceuticals. Health Net experienced an approximately 9 percent increase in pharmacy costs in 2000. To address this trend, in 2000 we expanded our pharmaceutical programs with a wider variety of co-payment structures.These provide greater choices to our members, while continuing to keep this very popular benefit affordable.
We continue to work on significant improvements in SG&A. As I noted, SG&A dropped in 2000. During the year there were many exciting developments, both in SG&A initiatives and in our New Ventures Group.
The NewVentures Group was established in late 1999 to develop new processes utilizing technological enhancements such as the Internet. For example, in the Northeast we have signed up more than 3,500 physicians to our connectivity project that uses the Internet to speed administrative functions and reduce administrative burdens for doctors’ offices.
The Group developed and introduced in California, Questium (www.Questium.com), a consumer Web site that allows members to be more actively involved in the design and management of their health benefits. It’s proving to be very popular with our members and we’ll be rolling it out to our other health plans and to our TRICARE members throughout 2001.
Our success in 2000 was also based on exemplary performance by our Government and Specialty Division. We are very pleased with our position in the TRICARE program. In 2000, we secured two-year contract extensions for Region 11 in the Pacific Northwest and for Region 6, which covers Texas and three other states.We hope to receive a two-year extension on the third contract for Regions 9, 10 and 12 that covers California, Hawaii and two other states.
We continue to see a bright future for our behavioral health subsidiary, MHN. It added new members in 2000 and continued its leadership in Employee Assistance Programs (EAPs).
Overall, our health plans had a very successful 2000. In early 2001, however, we announced a definitive agreement to sell our Florida plan. Unfortunately, we reached the conclusion that this plan was too small to succeed in the highly competitive south Florida market.
For our other health plans, it is clear that our focused and innovative marketing efforts, our emphasis on customer service and our attractive product designs are drawing new members, especially in our key New York and California markets. As a measurement of our success, our plans in California and the Northeast were rated #1 in member sat- isfaction surveys conducted by a major national firm.
We have also done an outstanding job in various state Medicaid programs. In California, our Medi-Cal program and our involvement in newer, state-sponsored programs for children and families generated enrollment growth in 2000.
As we enter a period of economic uncertainty, we believe employers will show more interest in managed care products as they strive to maintain attractive health benefit packages. In such a climate we believe success will come to plans with strong market positions and the ability to offer flexible benefit packages. In fact, our turnaround prepared us well for virtually any economic scenario.We are now concentrated in large dynamic markets, with competitive advantages and expertise in a range of health insurance products.
Getting to the point where we could focus on growth was the goal of our turnaround.While we are pleased with this achievement, we still have the challenges of consistent, profitable growth coupled with improved technology-based operating efficiencies ahead of us – challenges we are all confident we can meet – just as we met the challenges of the turnaround.
None of what has happened in the last two years could have been possible without a dedicated team of associates who have worked long and hard against some pretty tough odds.They are led by our Executive Management Committee (EMC), pictured with this letter. The EMC is a cohesive team working with an admirable focus to our shared goals. They and all of our associates are to be congratulated for the successful completion of the turnaround and the resumption of growth.

2000 Annual Report
HEALTH NET 7
  FROM LEFT TO RIGHT: EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE MEMBERS DAVID OLSON, KARIN MAYHEW, CURT WESTEN
On a very sad note, however, the Health Net family misses Karen Coughlin and Mary Gilligan. Karen, who led a remarkable turnaround in the Northeast, passed away just after Thanksgiving. Mary, who had just begun to make an impact on our Arizona plan, passed away just after the first of the year.Their contributions live on in the performance of this company and in the hearts and minds of all the people, inside and outside Health Net, they touched.We honor their memories and dedicate ourselves to continuing on the paths they began.They were both true credits to the best of what this industry offers.
We thank you, the stockholders of Health Net, for your patience and support.We hope that our success in 2000 is a harbinger of continued success in the years ahead.
Sincerely,
JAY M. GELLERT
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER MARCH 12, 2001
 