TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

Our 2004 performance was significantly below our expectations, and this statement is very different from the one we hoped to deliver on behalf of Health Net's associates, senior management team and the Board of Directors. On the heels of several years characterized by steady earnings growth, Health Net confronted challenges that caused its 2004 performance to fall short of expectations. Therefore, our efforts in 2004 focused on making this simply a detour on our journey. Beginning with the first quarter, we began to address the challenges we faced and to implement solutions that would serve to strengthen Health Net for the future. We found that we had to refocus on the basics ­ such as these three key factors that drive success for a managed care company: ¨ Accurately forecasting health care cost trends and pricing services to be consistent with those trends; ¨ Maintaining a broad, high-quality and stable provider network; and ¨ Providing top-tier service to members so they can access the health care they need when they need it. We began executing this basic approach in 2004. As we continue to stay focused on this strategy, we believe we will be able to achieve our goal of providing stockholders with an increased value of their investment in Health Net. In this letter, we will address the challenges we faced in 2004 and the action plan we implemented to resolve them. Then we will review our 2004 achievements and financial highlights.
Left: Jay Gellert, President & Chief Executive Officer and Anthony S. "Buddy" Piszel, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

We began executing this basic approach in 2004. As we continue to stay focused on this strategy, we believe we will be able to achieve our goal of providing stockholders with an increased value of their investment in Health Net.

1

PERSPECTIVE ON 2004 RESULTS Health Net got off to a frustrating start in the first quarter of 2004 when earnings fell short of expectations. Hospital costs increased at a greater level than we had forecasted, causing overall health care costs to be higher than projected. As a result, we implemented a comprehensive financial performance improvement plan that included, among other things, premium increases, general and administrative cost reductions, and faster claims payment. The overall plan was designed to get Health Net back on track for the balance of 2004 and into the future. First, we began to implement significantly higher premium increases. The rate of growth
10.7%

in premiums rose in each of the successive quarters of 2004. This was absolutely necessary to address our higher-than-anticipated health care cost trends. As a

8.7% 7.7% 6.9%

consequence, we began to see enrollment declines that continued throughout the year and will persist into early 2005. We also retained our focus on lower administrative expenses. This plan appeared to be working and, in the third quarter, Health Net showed performance improvement on all measures, including better pricing, stable health care costs, reduced administrative

Q1 2004 Q2 2004 Q3 2004

Q4 2004

expenses and stronger cash flow. We were moving in the right direction. To complete our performance improvement plan, we took the final step in the fourth quarter of 2004 by recording a $252 million pretax charge for provider settlements, adverse reserve developments and some miscellaneous items. We believe this charge reflects our absolute commitment to steady the course of the company and clear the way to a better, more consistent and predictable future for Health Net. In so doing, we believe we closed the door on past issues and opened another door to a clean and solid 2005. LEADERSHIP HIGHLIGHTS Health Net welcomed two new financial experts to our Board of Directors, as required by Sarbanes-Oxley, and bid farewell to a long-time Board member. Theodore Craver, Jr., chairman and chief executive officer, Edison Mission Energy, and Frederick Yeager, senior vice president, Finance, Time Warner Inc., joined the Board in March 2004. Former California Governor George Deukmejian retired from the Board in May 2004. Roger Greaves was appointed chairman of the Board in January 2004. Health Net's Board of Directors now consists of 11 members.

COMMERCIAL REVENUE PMPM
(percent increases)

2

ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2004 Health Net Federal Services (HNFS) From July through September, HNFS, our government contract subsidiary, completed the transition to its new TRICARE contract with the Department of Defense (DoD). Health Net now is proud to serve families of our troops ­ approximately 2.9 million beneficiaries ­ in 23 states and the District of Columbia, known as the North Region.

Health Net now is proud to serve families of our troops ­ approximately 2.9 million beneficiaries ­ in 23 states and the District of Columbia, known as the North Region.

In December, HNFS was awarded certification to the ISO 9001:2000 Quality Management System Standard, an international reference for quality management requirements in business-to-business dealings. An organization that chooses to become certified implements business systems to fulfill customer and regulatory requirements with a clear charter to enhance customer satisfaction. This standard, originally a model for manufacturing companies, has been updated and is a growing model for service enterprises. MHN We also are proud of the contributions of MHN, our behavioral health subsidiary. MHN not only expanded and improved its product and service portfolio but also realized significant bottom line business success. MHN was selected by the State of California to provide Employee Assistance Program (EAP) benefits to 202,000 employees and their families ­ a total of 465,000 new members. MHN also broadened its service delivery to the DoD, including expanded family counseling and domestic abuse victim advocacy services at home and abroad, furnished in collaboration with HNFS.

3

MHN's product and service offering also grew in 2004, demonstrating its ability to provide innovative solutions for both employers and employees. This year, MHN launched new initiatives in such key fields as abuse victim advocacy, psychiatric disability care management, return-to-work programs, standardized DUI education and commercial wellness. Health Net of California (HNCA) To better serve health care providers statewide, Health Net converted approximately 80 percent of claims from our contracted facilities to an automated procedure. Automation is popular with our hospital partners because it improves claims accuracy and turnaround times. The California Department of Health Services selected HNCA to provide Medi-Cal benefits to members in two new areas ­ Kern and Stanislaus counties ­ and to continue providing benefits to members in Fresno and Tulare counties. The annual revenue from the four five-year contracts is projected to be up to $100 million. Salud con Health Net, HNCA's innovative program that provides products and services to the state's Latino population, grew its Los Angeles County network and expanded its HMO presence into Orange County. Salud con Health Net already has made strong headway in San Diego and Los Angeles counties, and the addition of Orange County is essential to our efforts to better reach the Latino marketplace. HNCA is working closely with key California provider trade organizations ­ such as the California Medical Association and the California Hospital Association ­ to develop joint solutions to health care accessibility and financing challenges that face health plans. Health Net of Oregon (HNOR)
148 120

HNOR continues to be a bright spot with strong enrollment, innovative product launches and an energized work environment. Oregon sustained its strong growth pattern, adding approximately 19,000 new commercial members in 2004, a 15 percent increase over 2003. Total enrollment increased by slightly more than 20 percent from

79

2003 to 2004. Oregon Business ranked HNOR fourth in its annual listing of the "Top 100 Companies to Work For." In addition, the Children's Cancer Association awarded

2002

2003

2004

HNOR its Corporate Donor "Carpe Diem" Award, which recognizes community partners who use their time and talents to profoundly improve the lives of children with cancer and their families.

OREGON ENROLLMENT
(members in thousands)

4

Health Net of the Northeast (HNNE) While HNNE stumbled out of the starting gate, it gathered momentum as 2004 progressed. New executive management and disciplined control of resources helped HNNE to emerge with a renewed focus on its customers. Steve Nelson stepped in as chief operating officer mid-year, and then was named president in January 2005 based on his demonstrated leadership and organizational vision. Health Net of Arizona (HNAZ) HNAZ demonstrated its commitment to the challenge of uninsured residents of Arizona in 2004. The plan provided two grants totaling $50,000 to help underwrite the membership costs for uninsured, low-income workers with the Pima Community Access Program and HealthCare Connect. In early 2005, HNAZ was voted the No. 1 HMO in Arizona by Arizona Business Magazine's "Ranking Arizona" public opinion poll. Sarbanes-Oxley As of year-end, Health Net completed the detailed review of all internal controls and financial reporting required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX). Compliance with SOX is now a way of life at Health Net. Health Net Pharmaceutical Services (HNPS) For 2004, HNPS managed prescription cost trends to about 11 percent ­ among the best in the industry ­ which helps keep prescription drugs affordable for our customers. Factors in this success include ongoing education on generic drugs in California; transitioning HNAZ to the existing HNPS claims processor, which saves the company between $6 million and $8 million annually; retail network re-contracting; expansion of our Prior Authorization Operating System; and participation in the Medicare Drug Discount Card program. Senior Products Division Health Net was among the first tier of health plans in the nation authorized by Medicare to provide access to discounts and financial assistance to qualified low-income members purchasing prescription medications. Beginning June 1, 2004, Health Net members had access to discounts at no cost to them, and members who qualified for lowincome assistance became eligible for up to $600 in credits on prescription medications. Health Net officially formed its Senior Products Division in 2004, linking our Medicare teams in each of our geographic markets to a single strategy. Our Senior Products team is charged with exploring all potential Medicare opportunities for Health Net. With more than 170,000 Medicare members, we have been ­ and we intend to continue to be ­ a key Medicare participant. Health Net of Oregon made significant inroads into the

5

Medicare market with the introduction of Health Net Options Plus, a Medicare PPO. In January 2004, the plan began with approximately 300 members; at year-end, enrollment was approximately 9,000. www.healthnet.com On June 25, 2004, we launched our streamlined Web portal ­ www.healthnet.com ­ with a new look and feel in keeping with our brand, and relevant content and transaction capability for members, providers, employers and brokers. The Web site provides consistent information for our customers ­ regardless of geography ­ and supports informed decision making. Ethics Program The hallmark of a great company centers on demonstrating honesty and integrity in all aspects of the business. That's why Health Net implemented One Company; One Set of Values in 2004, a company-wide Ethics Program for all associates. The program includes a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics statement and a mandatory training program. We strongly believe that One Company; One Set of Values will serve to strengthen our outstanding record in this area. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS For the full year of 2004, Health Net achieved diluted earnings per share of $.38 on net income of $42,604,000 compared with diluted earnings per share of $1.98 in 2003 on net income of $234,030,000. The $.38 earnings per share includes the full effect of $252 million in fourth quarter charges for provider settlements, adverse reserve developments and other items (see "Perspective on 2004 Results" above). Revenue increased slightly to $11,646,393,000 compared with $11,064,702,000 in 2003. Revenue in health plans rose as a result of higher premiums, and revenue climbed
3,834 3,840 3,758 3,696

in our Government contracts segment as more beneficiaries moved into the TRICARE program, the result of the nation's high level of military activity. Overall health plan enrollment declined in 2004, principally because of our strict pricing discipline.
3,607

Our health plan Medical Care Ratio (MCR) for the full year rose to 88.0 percent compared with 82.7 percent in 2003. This is the clearest evidence that our number one
Q4 2003 Q1 2004 Q2 2004 Q3 2004 Q4 2004

challenge in 2004 was higher than expected health care costs. The various steps we took, including a directed series of more than 30 health care cost-reduction initiatives in the Northeast, did have an effect since the ratio improved successively between the first quarter and the third quarter of 2004. However, the ratio climbed in the fourth quarter due to the year-end charge.

TOTAL ENROLLMENT
(in thousands)

6

Our ongoing vigilance on general and administrative costs caused our administrative ratio, which combines such costs with depreciation expenses, to drop to 9.7 percent for 2004 compared with 10.6 percent in 2003. A number of factors combined to bring this ratio down, but the overarching reason is a company-wide commitment to keep administrative costs low. Reserves are an important measure of financial prudence as health care costs rise faster than expected. Our reserves rose by more than $140 million from the end of 2003 to the end of 2004 despite enrollment declines and our focus on paying claims faster to reduce backlogs. Our accelerated claims payments, provider settlements and transition issues in TRICARE affected our operating cash flow. Net cash used of approximately $55 million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2004. With our financial performance not meeting expectations, we received downgrades from key debt rating agencies in September. This caused interest expense to rise on our $400 million senior notes. We believe, however, that these actions reflect on our operational issues and not on our underlying financial health. In fact, our debt-to-total capital ratio stood at 23.8 percent at year-end, well below our 30 percent target. In addition, all of our other key financial metrics, such as coverage ratios, remain well above their target levels. It is our hope that improved financial performance in 2005 will lead to increased ratings in the future. Enrollment Throughout 2004, commercial enrollment declined, primarily as a result of pricing. Our commercial enrollment decreased by more than 200,000 members in 2004 from the previous year. We concluded the year with more than 2.5 million commercial members in six states. Health Net One We continued to make substantial progress on Health Net One, our systems consolidation effort, but decided late in the year to reprioritize some of this work. We decided to accelerate medical management system enhancements in 2005 and defer the claims conversion in California and Oregon until 2006. In the meantime, we will use the additional time and resources for extensive data and system testing, in addition to training more than 2,000 of our associates. Other Health Net One work is on track, and we have already reaped substantial savings from the project.
2004 ENROLLMENT
Commercial 72% Medicare 5% Medicaid 23% 5% 72% 23% $1,024 $1,069 $1,043 $990

$1,169

Q4 2003 Q1 2004 Q2 2004 Q3 2004 Q4 2004

RESERVES FOR CLAIMS
($ in millions)

7

HEALTH NET'S NEW CFO ­ Buddy Piszel
In late August, Health Net expanded its Executive Committee and added a wealth of strategic and practical experience to the senior leadership team. Anthony "Buddy" Piszel joined Health Net as executive vice president and chief financial officer, and assumed responsibility for all finance functions, including accounting, risk management, treasury and financial planning. Buddy is uniquely qualified to oversee the growing complexity of Health Net's Finance function with more than 10 years of service at Prudential Financial, another 10 years with Deloitte & Touche LLP and two years with the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Within a short period of time at Health Net, he earned the respect and admiration of his colleagues, the Board and industry observers.

Share Repurchase Program We repurchased 3,179,400 shares in 2004, bringing the total number of shares repurchased under the program to 19,978,655 since its inception in 2002. In the third quarter we stopped repurchasing shares as we decided to use cash to bolster statutory capital at our regulated subsidiaries. The repurchase program is being continuously evaluated, but, as of this writing, remains on hold. While our overall results for 2004 reflected a sluggish start, our performance did improve over the course of the year (excluding the fourth quarter charge). This steady progress fuels our optimism that we will produce solid, predictable performance in 2005, laying the groundwork for sustainable growth in the future. OUTLOOK FOR 2005 Health Net is resolute in our commitment to get it right, and 2004 was our year to lay the foundation for steady growth and pave the way for a strong 2005. We believe that resolving our 2004 challenges provides the opportunity for better performance in the future. Finally, thank you to all our stockholders for your support. You can be certain that our 8,500 associates will continue working diligently on your behalf.

Sincerely,

Jay Gellert
PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER MARCH 18, 2005

Anthony S. "Buddy" Piszel
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

8

