 To our stockholders
Your company, along with the managed health care sector and the financial markets, faced significant financial challenges in 2008. However, we did not retreat from these challenges. We faced them head on, using this difficult environment as an opportunity to take a new look at the company. Near the end
of 2008, we developed and began to implement a comprehensive strategic review of our businesses with the goal of rebuilding stockholder value in 2009 and beyond. Although some of the decisions resulting from the strategic review will be difficult, they will help establish a platform that we believe can produce long-term success for Health Net.
While our financial performance in 2008 did not meet our expectations, we did not lose sight of several key Health Net strengths. It is important that we continue to focus on these strengths.
We have a strong commercial franchise in California and a stable presence in oregon.
our work serving the TRICARE population — military families and retirees — consistently earns customer satisfaction ratings that are among the highest in the country. In addition, we expanded our role with new counseling programs designed to help military families handle the special challenges presented by lengthy deployments. Combined, these two factors helped drive Government contract revenues higher by 13.3 percent in 2008.
our Medicare Advantage and prescription drug (Medicare Part D) programs are popular. We produced significant enrollment growth in 2008 — 25.0 percent in Medicare Advantage and 43.6 percent in Part D.
our “operations Strategy,” which is a comprehensive plan to reduce general and administrative (G&A) expenses while allowing us to devote more resources to enhance direct customer service, made substantial progress in 2008. our efforts on this front helped reduce the G&A expense ratio from 11.1 percent
in 2007 to 10.4 percent in 2008 while improving operational performance.
Also as part of our operations Strategy, in the
second half of 2008, we entered into two service arrangements that are expected to produce further efficiencies in the future. First, IBM will manage the company’s information technology infrastructure, resulting in substantial cost savings and increased data center reliability. Second, Cognizant Technology Solutions will manage a substantial portion of our claims processing activities. These efforts will help to streamline operations and are more cost-effective as we take advantage of vendor scale and expertise.
We believe our ability to quickly address and resolve customer issues is essential to our future success. As evidence of our commitment, the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) issued “Excellent” ratings to several of our health plans in 2008. In addition, J.D. Power and Associates recognized the TRICARE customer call centers for providing an “outstanding customer service experience.”
our strengths also include a strong and stable balance sheet. The financial turmoil of 2008 caused stockholders of numerous companies to take a much closer look at company balance sheets. In our case, we believe Health Net’s balance sheet proved especially resilient. Despite the declines in asset values globally, Health Net impaired less than one percent of the
2 HEALTH NET 2008 ANNuAL REPoRT
  
 Bolstered by a strong financial foundation, Health net is positioned to respond to changing times.
company’s $2.2 billion of cash and investments. Net investment income totaled $91.0 million in 2008, or 3.8 percent on average cash and investments.
our portfolio is conservatively invested with an average credit quality of “AA+” based on Standard
& Poor’s ratings. We are almost entirely invested in bonds. We have no direct exposure to the subprime mortgage market, and 46.2 percent of our investments are in municipal bonds or in instruments guaranteed by the Federal government.
This stable balance sheet is a great comfort to management, and we hope it also is a great comfort to our stockholders.
As noted earlier, our financial performance did not meet expectations. While revenues grew by approximately $1.3 billion in 2008, reaching $15.4 billion, our earnings per diluted share declined from $1.70 in 2007 to $0.88 in 2008. These amounts reflect charges in both years. We incurred these charges to account for the costs of settling various legal matters and for severance and related expenses as a result of our operations Strategy efforts.
The primary operational issue affecting our 2008 financial performance was higher than expected health care costs in our commercial, Medicare and Medicaid health plans. These higher costs were concentrated in inpatient and outpatient hospital costs.
We have taken steps to address these issues. First, we are committed to maintaining commercial premiums at levels that produce a positive relationship between premium yields and health care costs. In fact, our
current view is that commercial premium growth year- over-year will be higher in 2009 than it was in 2008.
In addition, our bids on Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D for 2009 should result in improved operational performance. We also focused on enhancing our strength in established Medicare Advantage markets — markets where we have operated successfully for many years.
Total health plan membership declined by 0.9 percent, or 34,000 members, in 2008 compared with 2007. The ample growth in Medicare contrasted with a
9.1 percent decline in commercial risk enrollment year-over-year.
Commercial markets were more competitive in 2008 than in 2007 as many nonprofit health plans priced more aggressively. In addition, the economic downturn has made it more difficult to enroll new members, and we lose enrollment as companies downsize.
our current expectation is that 2009 will see a much smaller decline in commercial enrollment compared with 2008.
As we look at each of our regions, we see that
the commercial enrollment declines were more pronounced in the Northeast and Arizona than they were in California or oregon. This reality was a significant consideration as we began our strategic review process.
We determined that the challenges faced by Health Net and the managed care sector amplified the critical importance of scale in local markets. Such scale is fundamental to long-term growth and success.
HEALTH NET 2008 ANNuAL REPoRT 3

 Jay M. Gellert,
President and Chief Executive Officer
 While the company possesses ample scale in California and oregon, we concluded from our strategic review that our health plans in the Northeast and Arizona do not. Enrollment declines in 2008 helped to confirm this view.
Further, we determined that there were no near- term steps that we could take to achieve the scale necessary for us to effectively compete in these markets. Therefore, we are now in the process
of reviewing a number of strategic options for these plans.
These steps will allow our management team to focus resources on California and oregon — the two markets where we have strong market positions in commercial, Medicare and Medicaid, and that have solid prospects both near- and long-term. The strategic review also will enhance our ability to adapt to any changes that emerge from the obama administration’s health care reform efforts.
As an outgrowth of our strategic review, our Board of Directors made substantial changes to management roles and responsibilities in the fourth quarter of 2008. As president and chief executive officer, I am devoting my full energies to our strategic review process, including our approach to health care reform. Jim Woys, our chief operating officer, now has companywide responsibility for all day-to-day operations. In addition to managing Federal Services, Steve Tough is now responsible for California, Medicare and Medicaid health plans. Steve Sell, who did outstanding work running our behavioral health subsidiary, MHN, is now president of Health Net
of California. John Sivori, president of Health Net Pharmaceutical Services, has taken on the additional
role of managing the company’s regional health plans outside California. Finally, we are pleased to welcome back Jonathan Scheff, M.D., as our chief medical officer.
As we enter 2009, we are awaiting a decision from the Department of Defense on the next round of TRICARE contracts. We expect an announcement in the first half of 2009 with the new contracts commencing April 1, 2010. We hope to retain the North contract and are very proud of our more than 20-year record of helping military families.
In closing, I would like to thank all of our associates for their efforts during a very challenging 2008. It was not an easy year for them and the company. Yet their dedication and energy are a source of strength as we confront the future.
We believe that our strategic review will produce a leaner, more efficient company that is able to adapt to changing times, bolstered by a strong financial foundation. We also believe this is the prescription that can produce stockholder value improvement
in the months and years ahead. We thank all stockholders for their ongoing support in these turbulent times.
Sincerely,
Jay M. Gellert
President and Chief Executive officer
    4 HEALTH NET 2008 ANNuAL REPoRT
  