Dear Fellow Shareholders,

The first time I walked through the front door at 3700 West Juneau Avenue as a Harley-Davidson employee back in 1975, one thing was highly apparent. At the time, Harley-Davidson had four V-Twin motorcycles in its model line. The newest of the bunch was going on five years old and I was the person who had just been tapped as the Company's vice president of engineering, with the mission of jump-starting product development. However, the thing that was so apparent wasn't the volume of work ahead, ample though it was. It was the deep sense of awareness that all our employees had for the central importance of both the motorcycles and the whole motorcycling experience in the lives of our customers. Harley-Davidson® motorcycles were truly "more than a machine," to borrow an advertising phrase from that era. And the people who worked at Harley-Davidson were so deeply attuned to this everlasting relationship between rider, motorcycle and experience because many were riders themselves. Today, we have another phrase for it: "we ride with you." First given voice by Willie G. Davidson at Harley-Davidson's 95th Anniversary celebration, "we ride with you" expresses the relationship, both literal and emotional, between Harley-Davidson, its customers and all of the Company's stakeholders.
harley-davidson 2004 annual report 1

" `We ride with you' is elegant in its simplicity and the way it speaks to the relationship we have with stakeholders on so many levels."
cha ir m a n a nd chief executive officer ha rley-davidson, inc.

Jeff Bleustein

Early morning ride: Jeff Bleustein (right), and customers Cliff Crawford and Duke Kornsuwan
2

In the literal sense, we ride with customers at rallies and events, and out on the open road. Beyond the literal idea that we'd rather be out there riding motorcycles than sitting in a meeting, "we ride with you" reflects our entire approach to business. It means that we do what we say we're going to do. It means that employees have opportunities for professional growth as the Company grows. When we work with suppliers to help them operate more efficiently, it means that we also help HarleyDavidson achieve its cost and supply goals. In short, "we ride with you" means that when we succeed, so do you, as customers, investors or any of our stakeholders. Speaking of success, in 2004, Harley-Davidson, Inc. recorded its 19th consecutive year of record revenue and earnings. Consolidated revenue for the Company was $5.02 billion, an 8.5% increase over 2003, while net income was $889.8 million, a 16.9% increase over the prior year. Diluted earnings per share rose to $3.00, a 20% increase over 2003. The Company shipped 317,289 Harley-Davidson motorcycles in 2004, a 9.0% increase over 2003. U.S. retail sales of Harley-Davidson motorcycles for 2004 grew 7.1% and the Company maintained its market share lead at 49.5% of the heavyweight motorcycle (651+cc) market. International retail sales of Harley-Davidson motorcycles grew 1.5% in 2004, compared to the prior year. Parts & Accessories (P&A) revenue increased 9.7% to $781.6 million in 2004. Revenue from General Merchandise, which includes MotorClothes® apparel and collectibles, totaled $223.7 million, a 5.8% increase from the prior year. Harley-Davidson Financial Services, Inc. (HDFS) recorded solid gains again in 2004. Operating income of $188.6 million increased 12.3% compared to 2003, reflecting both the quality of HDFS' product offerings and its ongoing ability to be responsive to customers' motorcycle financing and insurance needs. In 2004, HDFS made retail loans totaling $2.1 billion on more than 135,000 motorcycles, improving its share of loans for new Harley-Davidson motorcycles sold in the U.S. to 40%, compared to 38% the prior year. Buell motorcycles had its XB12 motorcycle products in the market for the full year in 2004 and introduced the new CityXTM to strong reviews in July. Buell® XB motorcycle retail sales were up 19% on a worldwide basis, led by Europe, where Buell XB sales were up 46%. Harley-Davidson's performance in 2004 continued to reward investors handsomely. The price of Harley-Davidson stock appreciated 27.8% and closed at $60.75 at year-end. We more than doubled the dividend payout to $119 million in 2004, including two quarterly dividend increases of 25% each. We also repurchased 10.6 million shares of Harley-Davidson stock in 2004 and the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 20 million shares going forward.
.

Propelling that performance is a range of new products and initiatives that speak to our constant drive to innovate and to grow demand. We brought eight new motorcycle models--six Harley-Davidson and two Buell models--to market in 2004, to a warm reception by customers, motorcycle magazines and dealers around the globe. P&A introduced 1,137 new accessories in its ever-expanding array of ways for customers to customize their personal motorcycles. New riding gear and fashion apparel from the Harley-Davidson MotorClothes line underscored the positioning of General Merchandise as the fashion and function leader in motorcycling apparel. Rider's Edge®--The Harley-Davidson Academy of Motorcycling had another great year. In 2004, 18,427 people took the Rider's Edge New Rider Course, up 30% from 2003. We believe that Rider's Edge will continue as a strong enabler for introducing customers to motorcycling and our products. In early 2004, we articulated our belief that for the foreseeable future there is an underlying core growth rate for Harley-Davidson motorcycle sales, estimated to be in the range of 7% to 9% per year. At that time, we also expressed the view that we could sustain a midteens earnings growth rate, based on the 7% to 9% growth in motorcycle sales, ongoing productivity improvements in all areas of the business, as well as earnings contributions from Parts & Accessories, General Merchandise and Financial Services--all of which are experiencing the benefits of our growing base of customers. Our 2004 results reaffirm that these performance expectations are appropriate and for 2005, we have established a goal to ship 339,000 Harley-Davidson motorcycles to dealers and distributors worldwide. Narrowing the gap between supply and demand has been a key part of the Company's Strategic Plan for Sustainable Growth and was a major reason for the Company's capacity expansion over much of the past ten years. It has resulted in better product availability and has had the effect of beginning to normalize retail pricing. This, along with the ability of Harley-Davidson dealers to provide the close attention to customer needs that buyers of premium motorcycles expect, will all increase customer satisfaction and demand. Consumer demand--how we create it and how we satisfy it--is the common thread in our 19-year record of performance. Going forward, we continue to ramp up product development. We are hard at work to bring exciting new products to market and to add new dimensions to the total ownership experience. This 2004 annual report explores a sample of our approaches to preserving strong relationships with the current Harley-Davidson family and to attracting new members to that family. In it, you will hear from some of the leaders who are helping to do just that. Whether it's ratcheting up our product development efforts, exploring new ways to provide even more great experiences for customers

harley-davidson 2004 annual report

3

or gearing up to sell our American-made motorcycles in additional markets abroad, Harley-Davidson is a company with an incessant desire and drive to go to new places--but always in a distinctly Harley-Davidson way. As we've said many times, our employees are our most important resource and are our only sustainable long-term competitive advantage. Harley-Davidson remains a leader in providing the tools and learning opportunities that serve to develop skills and nurture talent throughout the organization, including our Union partners represented by the Paper, Allied-Industrial, Chemical and Energy Workers International Union and by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. I'm especially proud to report that Harley-Davidson received a prestigious Catalyst Award in 2004 for our efforts to expand the role of women in the organization, promote workplace diversity, and ensure the visibility and optimization of talent across the organization. Not only are these practices the right thing to do; they also make powerful business sense. We believe that the better our employees reflect an increasingly diverse base of customers, the more successful we will be as a company. Harley-Davidson made Fortune magazine's annual "100 Best Companies to Work For" list--for the seventh time in eight years-- based largely on Fortune's research, including employee responses to surveys. We also were deeply honored to receive a Freedom Award from the National Committee for Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve, a Department of Defense agency, in recognition of our support of employees who serve in our nation's Armed Forces. At a leadership level, Harley-Davidson enhanced its capabilities in several areas in 2004. In November, the Company elected NAVTEQ President and CEO Judson Green to the Board of Directors. Prior to assuming the leadership of NAVTEQ in 2000, Judson was Chairman of Walt Disney Attractions, the theme park and resort segment of The Walt Disney Company, and also had served as Chief Financial Officer of The Walt Disney Company. His background makes him exceptionally well-suited to contribute in key ways to our focus on delighting customers and exceeding their expectations. At the senior leadership level in manufacturing, Roy Coleman accepted a new role as Vice President, Advanced Operations, focusing on Operational Excellence and Rod Copes was promoted to Vice President and General Manager, Powertrain Operations at Harley-Davidson's Pilgrim Road plant. Dave Bozeman was promoted to General Manager of the Capitol Drive Powertrain Operations and Mike Heerhold was promoted to General Manager of the Company's Tomahawk Operations. In business operations, Bill Dannehl was named Vice President, North American Sales and Dealer Services; Jon Flickinger was named

President and Chief Operating Officer, Buell Motorcycle Company; John Hevey was named Vice President, Strategic Planning and New Business Development; and Lara Lee was promoted to Vice President, Destinations and Rider Services. These moves and others throughout the Company recognize the talents and contributions of these leaders. But they also reflect Harley-Davidson's longstanding practice of building experienced leaders by providing broad growth and development opportunities. I can think of no better example of how this leadership development process benefits investors than the Board of Directors' decision to elevate our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Ziemer, to succeed me as CEO upon my retirement from that post in April 2005, and to elect Jim to the Board. He brings to his new job a broad knowledge of the business and the enthusiastic support and trust of the entire organization. During his 35-year career with Harley-Davidson, Jim has been a key contributor to the Harley-Davidson team and I am confident he will continue to take the Company forward. Over the 30 years that I have been a part of the Harley-Davidson family, the Company has prevailed through some trying times and has soared to heights that I could never have imagined. As we close the 2004 chapter of the Company's epic journey, I want to thank all the members of the Harley-Davidson family for making this the great company that it is and for making 2004 another milestone. I am truly fortunate to have been at the Company during this period of time and I look forward, as continuing Chairman of the Board, to playing a role in an even brighter future. As much as some things have changed since I first walked through the door at 3700 West Juneau Avenue in 1975, one thing hasn't. This is still a company run by people who love the product, who understand our customers and who share in a proud history. They are people who are engaged and ingrained in the experience of motorcycling and sharing it with others, and who are dedicated to keeping the products and experiences relevant to new times and changing customer desires. They are people who appreciate the importance of each Harley-Davidson stakeholder--whatever their relationship with the Company. "We ride with you!"

Jeffrey L. Bleustein
ch a ir m a n a nd chief ex ecuti v e officer h a r ley-dav idson, inc.

4

