CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT

ONE COMPANY, ONE TEAM, ONE DIRECTION

COURAGE, FOCUS AND DIRECTION.
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS :

In the worst economic downturn in decades, 2009 was a year that required Harley-Davidson to respond with tough, courageous decisions. We had two key priorities. First, we executed on our strategy to manage the business effectively in the near term and address the immediate challenges. But we needed to do more than simply persevere. We needed to establish a bold, clear strategic direction that would maximize our opportunities going forward and restore the Company as a strong business that could consistently grow over the long haul. We set that direction, and the word that best describes our new strategy is "focus. "
to 2008. Managing supply in line with demand remains a top priority as a key underpinning of brand strength. We embarked on a major consolidation and restructuring of our production operations to get our cost structure right at lower volumes. We also succeeded in obtaining the funding needed to support the lending activities of Harley-Davidson Financial Services-- another priority for us in 2009. Our ability to fund motorcycle loans for customers was a key strategic advantage in 2009 and was one of the reasons for our market share growth during the year. As a result of our actions, HDFS is on much stronger footing, and we believe we have provided for its anticipated funding needs for 2010.
STRATEGIC FOCUS HIGH-POTENTIAL BRAND

We wasted no time in bringing this strategy to life, moving quickly to focus our resources behind the unique strengths and growth potential of the Harley-Davidson brand. In light of the 2009 landscape and the actions we took, our 2009 financial results were not surprising. Income from continuing operations of $70.6 million, or $0.30 per share, decreased 89.7 percent from the prior year, on a 23.1 percent drop in revenue from motorcycles and related products to $4.29 billion. These results primarily reflect the impact of reduced motorcycle shipments, restructuring and Buell exit costs, and non-cash charges related to Harley-Davidson Financial Services. When the loss from MV Agusta discontinued operations is included, the Company reported a full-year net loss of $55.1 million. At the same time, even with the decrease in profitability due to the reduction in motorcycle shipments and restructuring spending, the Company's continuing operations generated $609 million in cash flow from operating activities in 2009. This speaks well for the ability to generate cash, even in a challenging business environment.
ADDRESSING THE IMMEDIATE CHALLENGES

To address the immediate challenges of 2009 and the deep recession, we decreased Harley-Davidson motorcycle shipments to dealers by nearly 27 percent compared

Looking out across a longer horizon, in October we unveiled our long-term "Delivering Results Through Focus" business strategy, with its four pillars: growth, continuous improvement, leadership development and sustainability. As part of this strategy to focus our efforts, we announced we would exit from the Buell product line and sell MV Agusta, focusing our resources on the Harley-Davidson brand, which includes continuing to expand the brand globally.

The heart of our strategy is our strong belief that focusing our investment behind the powerful Harley-Davidson brand provides a superior path to tapping the full potential of the brand and to sustained long-term growth. The Harley-Davidson brand consistently ranks among the strongest globally, across many demographic groups. Even in today's more practical, cautious consumer environment, people of all ages and backgrounds still dream about the Harley-Davidson experience. We see great potential to drive growth globally and in the U.S. through unique products and experiences, both through outreach to new customers and our commitment to core customers. Our strategy is multi-generational and multi-cultural. It calls for us to grow sales to our core customers, while growing sales to outreach customers at a faster rate. Our Dark Custom products, including the Iron 883, are a strong draw for young adults, and motorcycles like the Street Glide, Tri Glide and Electra Glide Ultra Limited have earned the ongoing commitment of core riders. In international markets we plan to add 100 to 150 dealer points through 2014 , and in the same period increase international retail unit sales to more than 40 percent of total retail unit sales, up from about 33 percent in 2009.

We also believe we have significant opportunity to run our business more effectively and efficiently through continuous improvement in manufacturing, product development and business operations. Our focus on continuous improvement goes beyond simply reducing costs. It extends to our ability to deliver the right bikes to the right markets at the right time, an essential capability when it comes to customer satisfaction and effectively managing supply in line with demand. The transformation currently underway at our vehicle operations in York, Pa., demonstrates our commitment to reshaping the face of Harley-Davidson manufacturing, with much greater flexibility and significant savings from a more efficient operation. Just as important is the transformation under way in Harley-Davidson product development. Our work focuses on product selection, cost reduction and time compression, to reduce time to market and consistently deliver on customer expectations. These actions represent important early steps in what will be an ongoing journey in continuous improvement.
THE ROAD AHEAD

When my journey here at Harley-Davidson began last May, it was obvious that people were passionate about the brand. As I have had the opportunity to get to know our customers, dealers and employees, join them at rallies and events and ride with them, it is clear the passion is far stronger and deeper than anything I could ever have imagined. All of us at Harley-Davidson are fully committed--as one company, working as one team and pulling in one direction--to doing the right things for this company and for the collective future of all stakeholders. By aligning the organization behind a clear strategic direction, we are

moving with appropriate urgency and making great progress toward our goal to do just that. We appreciate the trust you have placed in us to move this company forward. While there is still plenty of hard work ahead, I could not feel better about the progress we have made and the path we have chosen. Sincerely,

K EITH TH E. WANDE L L
PRES S I DEN T AND CH I EF EX ECUT I VE OF F ICER

2009 was indeed a year that tested our company, but it was also a year of genuine achievement as we embarked on a new course. It was a year in which we took many courageous actions to position Harley-Davidson for the future. Our accomplishments were possible only through the hard work, unwavering spirit and dedication of our employees, dealers and suppliers, who focus every day on delivering an outstanding experience for our customers. I thank all the members of our team for their many contributions. As we execute on our strategy, we do not promise easy solutions. Consumers will likely continue to be cautious in an economic environment that remains challenging. However, we believe our strategy and the performance measures we have laid out are based on an appropriate and prudent approach to the market. Delivering on our plans will take discipline, determination and intense focus, but we are confident we can achieve our goals through our strategy.

