                                          This past year was a challenging one. Despite the stalled economic recovery, our company performed well. Sales were down 6 percent from $23.7 billion in 2001 to $22.3 billion in 2002 primarily due to the decline in Commercial Aerospace and continued softness in capital spending and industrial production around the world. Extensive cost restruc- turing allowed us, even in this difficult environment, to gener- ate ongoing earnings per share of $2.00, essentially flat with the $2.05 earned the previous year. It was necessary for us to reduce our total year commitment twice during the third quarter, a performance none of us here have a desire to repeat. Nonetheless, maintaining earnings with the economic head- winds and resulting sales decline was very nice work. Our free cash flow was just superb coming in at a record $2.0 billion, beating original expectations by more than $500 million. Cash means flexibility.
It was also a year for us to bring stability back to the company after three years of turmoil. We have addressed or are addressing all the critical challenges impacting the company. In the fourth quarter, we took a $1.9 billion after-tax charge to earnings to resolve specific issues associated with asbestos, asset write-downs, particularly in Specialty Materials, and needed restructuring in our businesses. We have made great strides in resolving asbestos liabilities facing the company. In anticipation of a final resolution of our North American Refractories Company (NARCO) exposure, we committed the funding needed to establish a 524(g) trust. In addition, early in 2003 we announced a potential deal with Federal-Mogul that would
resolve all of our Bendix-related asbestos liability. In exchange for our Friction Materials business and the rights to proceeds from related insurance coverage, all Bendix asbestos liability would be channeled to the trust to be established by Federal-Mogul. It is a good deal for Federal-Mogul, particular- ly given synergies between the businesses, and a good deal for us. With both the NARCO and Bendix deals, we are seeking to resolve both current and future asbestos claims. Looking at pensions, although not required until 2005, we contributed $830 million in stock and cash to our pension fund to make sure it is fully funded for the future. These have been painful, but necessary actions to “clear the decks” and prepare ourselves for a terrific future.
INTEGRITY AND GOVERNANCE Honeywell has a culture of governance and integrity essential for the success of any com- pany. Credibility is our most valuable asset. Honeywell was in compliance with the key components of Sarbanes-Oxley, long before it became law. Our directors are independent and most are current or former CEOs, able and willing to provide me with the professional guidance and advice needed to lead a company of this size. I could not have more respect for our board and what they do to help lead our company forward.
Our employees also play a critical role. Employees everywhere want to be proud of the company where they work. We support that with our focus on integrity, a commitment to full compliance with all laws in all countries. There is no sup- port, no “wink and a nod” for anyone violating the law. We take the same approach to good accounting and controls. In addi- tion to the quarterly certification of financial statements by our CFO and me, we have implemented a process to require certifications from business leaders across the company. It has resulted in a careful re-examination in every part of the organi- zation around the world. When disciplinary actions are required, they are implemented expeditiously. Good financial records are critical not just for external reporting, but also because they are the primary information system companies use to determine if business actions being taken are working. If the data are flawed, leaders make bad decisions and that helps no one.
MOVING FORWARD So where does that bring us? We have sta- bility after three tumultuous years, our big issues are being addressed, and good governance principles are in place. Now we begin to move forward again. Our employees are ready for it.
TO OUR SHAREOWNERS
 14 CUSTOMERS +TECHNOLOGY =PERFORMANCE

                                          During my first weeks at Honeywell, I visited with about 20,000 employees in nine countries. The intent was to do some “cheerleading” and bring momentum to what I expected to be a dispirited group. Instead, I drew inspiration from them.
There was no whining, no recriminations about the past, no disaffection. What clearly came across was a drive, a desire, a determination to move forward! They were asking for direction. I wasn’t pushing them ... they were pushing me!
FIVE INITIATIVES We introduced our Five Initiatives (Growth, Productivity, Cash, People, and our Enablers, DigitalWorks and Six Sigma) to propel our company forward and unite our work- force around a specific set of priorities. We have made terrific
progress in each area, though it’s also clear there is a lot more we can do. These initiatives provide a clear framework for making our company better every day.
GROWTH Growth is the most important initiative for us to drive in the coming years. Not because it’s more important than productivity or cash but because it’s the one where we’ve had the least success. Honeywell has great positions in very good indus- tries, wonderful technologies to differentiate and add value for customers, social and regulatory trends working for us, great people, and a strong balance sheet. The only missing element has been our own drive and focus to make growth happen.
Consider our businesses. Commercial Aerospace will come back strongly at some point. We all know people will travel more. Businesses everywhere are becoming more global,
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David M. Cote
  
                                          families more dispersed, and tele/videoconferencing will always be a poor substitute for being there. Business jets will become an even more important tool for busy executives. The Defense business (about 40 percent of Aerospace sales) is growing well. Our positions in all these sectors focus on areas where technol- ogy differentiation makes a difference ... safety equipment, avionics, auxiliary power units (APUs), engines ... all excellent. Additionally, about 45 percent of segment sales are in the after- market, clearly an area we can continue to build.
Automation and Control Solutions is similarly posi- tioned, an industry growing well globally over the course of a cycle, differentiated technologies, and about 40 percent of our sales in services. The Honeywell brand, known throughout the world, has the greatest impact here. Our positions in energy- efficient products, fire safety and security in homes, buildings, and factories are terrific. The demand for all our products and services will expand as we use our technologies to differentiate our products and make them easier to use and install.
Specialty Materials has been a more difficult situation to manage. Half our businesses (Specialty Chemicals, Electronic Materials, Spectra®, Fluorines, Barrier Films) have great growth potential, while others (Nylon, Engineered Plastics, Polyester, Commercial Roofing, Metglas®) do not. We made good progress during the year with the sale of the Pharma and Advanced Circuits businesses, and announcement of an exchange of our Engineered Plastics business for BASF’s fibers business. This transaction will improve our position in a diffi- cult industry and provide more flexibility and strategic options. As you’d expect, we’re working to grow the first group and to resolve the issues in the second.
In Transportation and Power Systems, our Consumer Products Group brands (Fram®, Autolite®, Holts®, and Prestone®) are terrifically placed in the retail auto aftermarket. While that industry is not growing rapidly, it is stable and our strong brands have performed very well. Turbochargers are an
absolute jewel of a business. Turbochargers create the same per- formance as a full-size engine but in an engine one-third to one- half the size and at a comparable total cost. This means better fuel efficiency, one-third to one-half the emissions, and no major difference in auto performance or cost for consumers. They are used extensively on diesels today and are just beginning to penetrate gasoline engines, a segment four times the size.
Proprietary technologies have always been the founda- tion of our company. Increasing use of sensors, Micro-Electromechanical Systems, or MEMS (the ability to miniaturize), jet engine turbine technology applied to tur- bochargers, unique chemistries like fluorines and films, wireless applications ... all provide the ability to add value for our customers. Social and regulatory trends like improving energy efficiency, reducing emissions, protecting the ozone, aircraft safety, and increased attention to home/building security all work to our strengths. Our balance sheet and cash flow genera- tion provide the funding we will need to grow.
The only missing element has been institutionalizing a growth process. It has not been part of our psyche. We have a tremendous productivity culture and we can apply that same mindset to growth. All those things we do to drive productivity... small and large programs, long-term and short-term projects, who is going to do what when ... can also be used to drive growth.
We will use those tools to drive growth on two dimen- sions ... implementing a clearly defined growth process and executing on the fundamentals. Each business is creating a process to generate, select, and develop growth ideas. We want a culture where everyone thinks about growth every day just like we do with cost. It’s just as important.
We will also focus on four fundamentals. The first is to do a superb job for our customers every day in quality, deliv- ery, value, and technology. It’s tough to talk with a customer about a new product or service if we’re not doing a great job with what they have already ordered. The second is superior sales and marketing. We have been a company driven by man- ufacturing, technology, and finance. All good things, of course, but we also need to be more market oriented. The third is globalization, particularly increasing our presence in emerging markets. The fourth is developing robust, funded technology roadmaps for new products and services all supported with a strong commitment to DFSS, Design for Six Sigma. While perhaps sounding elementary at some levels, it’s amazing how often people and companies forget how important it is to do each of these four things well. We will be relentless in our drive to make our growth process succeed.
 16 CUSTOMERS +TECHNOLOGY =PERFORMANCE

                                          Much of this letter has been devoted to growth for a good reason. It hasn’t been a historic strength and we need to make it one. That in no way implies any lessening of our long-standing commitment to productivity. Productivity gives us the freedom and the funding to grow. It is essential. We will continue driving productivity with new ideas and our
ability to execute them.
C A S H In their focus on earnings, companies sometimes forget the significance of cash flow. Cash flow needs a daily mindset just like operations. Cash provides the flexibility needed to grow. Whether it’s used to invest in our businesses, increase dividends, repurchase stock, or acquire new businesses, cash is the ultimate facilitator. We have been good cash generators in the past and we’ll continue to do so. Working capital alone (primarily, receiv- ables and inventories) is a $2-3 billion opportunity for us. We have a great balance sheet and intend to make it stronger.
P E O P L E People make all the difference. The best people, com- mitted and organized correctly, can frequently transcend bad processes and sometimes even a bad strategy. Having great teams means having great people. Our focus on differentiation in selection, reward, promotion, and training has been intensi- fied. Management Resource Reviews (MRRs), where we discuss the performance and teamwork of individuals and businesses throughout the company, have become more rigorous, candid, and open. The introduction of a new clearly defined set of Honeywell Behaviors (see page 24) will aid this process, focusing people not just on results but also on how we go about getting them. We need results and teamwork.
E N A B L E R S Our two Enablers are DigitalWorks (formerly Digitization) and Six Sigma. DigitalWorks has been a great source of productivity for us, which will enable us to achieve the $500 million annual savings commitment a year early. Focal points going forward, in addition to driving more productivity, will be our growth processes and integration of legacy systems
in Aerospace, Automation and Control Solutions, and Europe. Systems issues in these three areas are a source of customer and employee dissatisfaction, so we have started a three-year plan to improve them significantly.
Six Sigma is progressing well. At the beginning of the year, we had about 60 percent of our management population trained in the Six Sigma basics of Define-Measure-Analyze- Improve-Control (DMAIC) and no one trained in DFSS (Design for Six Sigma). By the end of 2003, we will have 100 percent of our management population trained in DMAIC and by June of this year, 100 percent of our engineers will be DFSS trained. This substantial training commitment will make a huge difference to our Growth, Productivity, and Cash Initiatives.
CUSTOMERS + TECHNOLOGY = PERFORMANCE It’s been a very busy year! While generating good performance during a tough economic time, we also addressed our major issues, brought stability to the company, and launched our Five Initiatives to develop an even brighter future. We have great positions in good industries, differentiating technologies, social and regulatory trends in our favor, a strong balance sheet, a terrific productivity culture to build upon, and energized people who know how to get things done. Honeywell is in a wonderful position to grow.
Our challenge will be to develop that growth culture by harnessing the ideas of our people, developing and funding those ideas into new business, and especially recognizing the significance of doing a great job for our customers every day.
An increased focus on customers along with enhanc- ing our ability to differentiate with technology will result in improved and more dependable performance. More simply... customers plus technology equals performance ... the theme for this annual report.
We have done a significant amount of work, but we still have a lot more to do. There is tremendous opportunity at Honeywell and it starts with our customers. Our customer commitment must be palpable and relentless. Honeywell’s goal is to not just outperform our competition but to help our customers outperform their competition.
I am excited about our future.
DAVID M. COTE
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2003
PRODUCTIVITY
  CUSTOMERS +TECHNOLOGY =PERFORMANCE 17
