TO OUR SHAREOWNERS
This letter was a lot more fun to write than last year’s letter.
We were proud last year of our ability to perform in the recession better than our peers and a lot better than we did in the previous recession. But it sure is more rewarding to perform in a recovery than it is in a recession. That performance, through the recession and the first year of recovery, resulted in our stock price being up 36% in 2010 when the S&P 500 was up 13%.
We are going to keep doing what we have been doing because it’s working...through recession and recovery. Having the right strategy from the beginning, and executing it day-by- day, quarter-by-quarter, gets you to amazing places in five years. At every step of the way we do the “seed planting” that allows us to perform well not just this quarter, but also this quarter next year, and this quarter three years from now. It does make a difference.
GREAT POSITIONS IN GOOD INDUSTRIES, ONE HONEYWELL, AND OUR FIVE INITIATIVES
These will continue to be our mantra. Great Positions in Good Industries is a simple but powerful concept. A Good Industry provides a tailwind for growth. It allows you to try new things, it’s more tolerant of the occasional error. A Great Position allows you to gain share because you have critical mass in research and development, feet-on-the-street, and in the back office. Gaining share in growing industries allows sales to expand 6-8% per year. With that sales growth, controlling growth in fixed costs to a lower rate quickly results in double- digit increases in earnings and cash flow. Overall, a simple concept...yet powerful in its execution.
One Honeywell has done a lot to transform our company. There is no substitute for creating the glue that causes people to want to work together...across businesses, across functions, and across countries. No organization construct can replicate the benefits of people just plain old wanting to work together. There is, after all, only one stock price.
We continue to progress on each of our Five Initiatives. The Four Pillars of Growth are clearly the right ones. Delivery and Quality continue to get better. Sales and Marketing Excellence shows up in better sales deployment; better integration of Marketing, especially in Velocity Product DevelopmentTM; and Commercial Excellence. We’re more global with more than 50% of our sales outside the U.S. and a very rapidly growing presence in emerging markets. The new product pipeline is now very robust in every business and geography. We focus on areas where we can differentiate with technology and it works very well for us.
Productivity is driven through a focus on material and on Organizational Efficiency for labor costs. All costs can be categorized as a payment to a supplier or a payment to a person. In both cases we’re trying to accomplish two seemingly competing things...having the best while also having the lowest total cost. Both have to be achieved simultaneously and it’s a cross-functional effort. The trick in business (and sometimes in life) is being able to do two seemingly competing things at the same time, successfully. For example, we want low inventory and good customer delivery, good controls and empowerment, good short-term and long-term results. The same is true for having the lowest material costs while having better quality and delivery...and for having the lowest organization costs while having the best people, organized the right way, and motivated.
     
Cash gives us the freedom to invest in the future. We’ve gone from free cash flow conversion of about 70% of net income in the last decade to greater than 120% cash conversion in this decade...a huge difference. It starts with high quality earnings, then good working capital processes, and judicious capital expenditures. We always keep a very watchful eye on cash performance.
People make all the difference in the world. We want the best, organized the right way, and motivated, and we want lower costs overall consistent with our Organizational Efficiency focus. Like most things in business, both are achieved by having better processes. Every day has to be better than the last one.
Our Enablers help us to get better on each of the Initiatives. The Honeywell Operating System, Velocity Product DevelopmentTM, and Functional Transformation represent huge process opportunity and have allowed us to do a lot of seed planting for the future. There are two big cross-functional processes in any business...order to delivery and new product introduction. Our Enablers make us better in both.
All of this progress is more obvious in the financial results now that we have rid ourselves of that devil monkey, pension accounting. Our shift to mark-to-market accounting has been hugely beneficial. It allows investors to focus on business performance rather than the vagaries of pension accounting. A welcome removal of a headwind.
BUSINESSES
Our businesses continue to perform well, and we expect even more in the future. Our Aerospace business lagged on the commercial side into the recession and, as expected, has lagged into the recovery. We’re encouraged by recent good upticks in demand for Commercial aftermarket. Going forward, we expect the Commercial (Transport and Business Jets) increases to be mitigated somewhat by U.S. Defense market declines as the U.S. addresses its debt / deficit issue. We have considerable technology strength in Aerospace and Tim Mahoney and his team have been very focused on improving basic execution across the board. There’s always further room for improvement of course, but the market share gains we’ve already seen are terrific. The C919 platform ($16 billion in wins over the life of the platforms) is a wonderful example of what this team has been able to accomplish.
Automation and Control Solutions is on a roll. They just get better and better. Early on, Automation and Control Solutions suffered greatly from dis-investment . . . in people, processes, geographies, and new products and services. Roger Fradin and his team have completely turned that around and it shows up big time in the results with steady increases in all financial and business metrics. Additionally, they have become an astute acquisition machine. From identification, through valuation, due diligence, and especially integration, Automation and Control Solutions excels. Our biggest in the year was the acquisition of Sperian, a global leader in the growing personal protective equipment segment. This deal doubles our size in this very good industry and will be hugely beneficial. It is a wonderful example of using acquisition strategy to advance our Great Positions in Good Industries concept.
Transportation Systems has benefitted the most from the recovery and about tripled their income contribution as a result. Alex Ismail and his team did a wonderful job in the recession by significantly reducing their fixed costs through smart application of Organizational Efficiency. Even with the sharp V-shaped demand increases, they were able to deliver to customers because of their smart planning in the recession. Their Turbo focus on having a huge competitive advantage in cost, technology, and flawless launches showed up in their
   
win rate. Again, they won about 50% of all worldwide orders for turbos (large and small, gas and diesel) on a dollar basis.
Specialty Materials is an impressively different business than the one we started with. The portfolio changes (including the acquisition of UOP) made a big difference early on. Andreas Kramvis and his team have done a great job of inculcating a growth culture on all dimensions. New products, new markets, new geographies, plants running reliably to support demand...everyone working together for that common growth goal. It’s exciting to see where they are going. For example, we lead the world in development of bio-renewable fuels. Our fuel (developed from second generation feedstocks like algae, camelina, and jatropha) has already powered vehicles, commercial jets, a U.S. Navy ship, and the U.S. Navy F/A-18 Green Hornet at supersonic speed. Unlike biodiesel which is very corrosive for engines, pipelines, and dispensing devices (as a result, it has to be blended to no more than 10-15% with petroleum products), Honeywell Green DieselTM is a drop-in replacement for petroleum- derived products. Honeywell Green Jet FuelTM meets all flight specifications for commercial and military jets at a 50% blend with petroleum-based fuels without any modifications to the aircraft or engine.
SUMMARY
Going forward, you can expect more of the same from us. We are already ahead of the five-year roadmap discussed at last year’s Investor Conference. We don’t intend to just deliver this year or next. We intend to deliver forever. We will do it by having a smart, consistent strategy executed day-by-day, quarter-by-quarter, year-by-year. Doing the seed planting in products, processes, and geographies that causes us to grow this year and five years from now. Constantly reinforcing our message of Great Positions in Good Industries, One Honeywell, and our Five Initiatives. We’re excited about how far we have come and even more by how much farther we can go.
We have done a lot of seed planting for a bright future.
Sincerely,
DAVID M. COTE
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
           