TO OUR SHAREOWNERS
 What a difference a year makes!
In last year’s letter, the comments focused on bringing stability, establishing credibility, and developing direction after several years of turmoil and doing it all during the tough economic times we predicted (accurately unfortunately) for 2003. This year we can talk about the significant progress achieved in all areas, a resurgent organization, the stock price up 39 percent in the year, and a much more positive economic outlook for 2004.
Sales were up 3.7 percent to $23.1 billion largely resulting from the effects of foreign exchange and acquisitions. Volume was actually down slightly reflecting the difficulties in our end markets. Earnings per share were $1.54 consistent with our earnings guidance.
Included in these results is an increase in non-cash pension expenses of $0.32 per share. Most importantly, 2003 was the first year in the last five to be free of any large uncovered charges to income. Cash flow from operations reached $2.2 billion resulting, after capital expenditures,
in $1.5 billion in free cash flow ... a
117 percent conversion rate on net income. This included contributing $670 million in cash to our U.S. pension fund. After the puts and takes for
acquisitions, divestitures, and dividends the result was an increase of $929 mil- lion in our cash balance to $3.0 billion at year-end. This further strengthened an already excellent balance sheet resulting in a 17 percent debt to capital ratio, defined as net debt (short-term plus long- term debt minus cash) divided by net capital (shareowners’ equity plus net debt). We are in very good shape financially.
Pension accounting on the other hand is our bookkeeping irritant. While bearing absolutely no resemblance to cash needs, the esoteric and arcane calculations are reflected in earnings in ways surprisingly different between com- panies. Our accounting practice provides
 12

  much more aggressive book recognition of market gains and losses versus our peers. In effect, while the impact over a long period is the same, in a short period of time our approach causes much more significant swings in earnings both up and down. Nice after a few good market years, painful today when 3 of the last 4 years were down. The net result is that despite outperforming benchmarks throughout the downturn and being nearly fully funded with the $1.5 billion contributed in the last 13 months, plus the 23 percent investment return
in 2003, we book significant accounting losses for pension expense versus our
peers. This trend will continue in 2004 with an additional negative EPS impact of approximately 25 cents. While frustrating to see, it’s also important for all of us
to recognize that none of the negative earnings impact is related to cash and as market returns improve and interest rates rise the impact of this non-cash expense will decline.
As we embark on a new year, I’m very encouraged about prospects for
Honeywell. We have positioned ourselves well during these last two years to bene- fit from the nascent economic recovery. Our pension funding issues are behind us, our asbestos exposure is contained, our businesses are launching new prod- ucts and services, the business portfolio continues to take shape with 8 acquisi- tions ($500 million in revenue) and 4 divestitures ($445 million in revenue), and the focus on our Five Initiatives is working.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David M. Cote
13
 
 The Honeywell brand carries value and credibility around the world, and our products, services, and technologies travel well.
FIVE INITIATIVES
Our focus on Growth, Productivity, Cash, People, and the Enablers (DigitalWorks and Six Sigma) continues to provide direction for the company. It’s great to see the progress in each.
PRODUCTIVITY
This continues to be both a focal
point and an area of expertise and performance. Some maintain productivity and growth are incompatible. We maintain they are interdependent ... as we grow we become more productive, and as we become more productive we grow. Good business always requires being able to accomplish two seemingly contradictory goals simultaneously ... low inventories and good customer delivery, market share and margins, empowerment and controls, and of course growth and pro- ductivity. In addition to continually driving cost efficiency we will fund it with new ideas. DigitalWorks achieved the $500 million annual savings goal a year earlier than expected and will continue to grow. We also launched a reinvigorated drive on our $3.5 billion of indirect costs. An area mined in the past of course but
one where we feel there is still real opportunity for more consolidated buys.
CASH
While productivity provides the income freedom to grow, cash pro- vides the flexibility. The daily cash mind- set is working and it shows in our cash
generation. The working capital
push is working well. As we reduce order-to-delivery cycle times, inventories are coming down while delivery improves. Even with our accomplishments we estimate there is another $2 billion available to us in improved working capital performance.
Generating cash is the first obliga- tion of course. But just as important once you have it is what to do with that growing cash balance. A nice problem to have ... but an issue nonetheless. Our first priority will always be investing in our businesses. Even with that we antici- pate continued strong generation of cash. The money is not burning a hole in our pocket. Few companies have been burned by having cash. That being said, it’s important to consider potential usage and that leaves three alternatives ... dividends, stock buyback, and acquisitions. Our divi- dend yield is approximately 2.0 percent and at a reasonable level. We announced a stock buyback program in December to offset shares issued to employee plans and hold share count relatively constant. That still leaves lots of cash and the
idea of acquisitions.
 14

 Building our businesses through steady, focused organic growth comple- mented by well-targeted acquisitions is a terrific path for us to add value for our shareowners.
We’ll be the first to admit acquisi- tions in general have a checkered past and that includes us. No management team ever goes into an acquisition planning to blow money or integrate the new company poorly ... but it happens.
To improve our success rate we analyzed our history in ten years of acquisitions and distilled the learnings into a robust disciplined process for identifying, valuing, analyzing, and integrating acqui- sitions. Results on businesses acquired using this new process (about 18 months) have been excellent. Invensys Sensor Systems, BASF Carpet Fibers, Sensotec, Gamewell, Baker Electronics, Ultrak ... all are generating accretive returns in excess of acquisition estimates. The new process works and is vigorously followed. We recognize acquisitions can be high risk and work hard to absolutely minimize the odds of anything going awry. Building our businesses through steady, focused organic growth complemented by well- targeted acquisitions is a terrific path for us to add value for our shareowners.
PEOPLE
The ultimate differentiator in perform- ance. People make all the difference. We continue to focus on having the best and rewarding them commensurately. The Honeywell Behaviors focus on results of course but just as importantly on how people go about achieving them. The Behaviors are taking root through our CIS (Continuous Improvement Summary) and MRR (Management Resource Review) processes. When it comes to having the best people that starts at the top. With the addition of Dave Anderson as our Chief Financial
Officer and Roger Fradin as the President and CEO of Automation and Control Solutions, we have a very strong manage- ment team. We also added two very strong directors with Lord Clive Hollick (CEO-United Business Media) and General Ric Shinseki (retired U.S. Army Chief of Staff).
Reinforcing our commitment to employees, we improved our safety and environmental record again this year. To push ourselves even further we are striving for external safety certification such as OSHA’s VPP STAR in all our plants. Even with improvements, there are regrets, accidents that could have been prevented, and this keeps us resolute in our commitment to safety.
To build greater esprit de corps, we are establishing and invigorating employee clubs around the world and uniting them through Honeywell Hometown Solutions (HHS). Through HHS we have also concentrated our giving in three areas ... child and family safety; housing and shelter; and science and math education. Our signature partnerships with the
 15

 The prospects for Honeywell are wonderful. In the past two years
we have tackled our
big issues head-on and worked hard in our businesses using our Five Initiatives to prepare ourselves for recovery
in our end markets.
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Rebuilding Together, and
NASA are creating momentum and making a difference in these important areas. It’s a great way to build community spirit and impact.
ENABLERS
DigitalWorks continues to deliver savings and the Systems upgrade projects in both Aerospace and ACS are making good progress. Both businesses have assigned full-time general managers to ensure that effective process change
is the root of all the new systems. We anticipate that in addition to productivity benefits this effort will also generate greater employee satisfaction as we provide employees with better tools to
do their jobs.
Six Sigma training is largely com- plete. Now the tough part ... internalizing it into how we work every day so it never becomes “How do I get my job done
and Six Sigma too?” DFSS (Design
for Six Sigma) has taken root in all
our Engineering functions. And Lean used in conjunction with Six Sigma is the perfect combination as we improve all our processes and reduce cycle
time. We continue to make great progress and have terrific upside with Lean and Six Sigma.
GROWTH
This initiative has been the source of our greatest concern because it’s the one in which we’ve had the least experi- ence. It is also the area we are showing
the most improvement. There is lots of opportunity here given the strength of our industries, our business positions, and our balance sheet. Each business has created a growth process to generate, select, and nurture ideas. The results are evident in the new products/services dis- cussed in each of the Business Profiles.
We continue to focus on the four pillars of growth ... (1) doing a great job for our customers every day in quality, delivery, value, and technology, (2) Sales and Marketing excellence, (3) globaliza- tion, and (4) robust funded technology roadmaps supported by DFSS.
While our customer focus has clearly intensified we also clearly have further to go. To reinforce the importance of quality and delivery we measure it monthly by manufacturing plant and service location with awards and recogni- tion for superior performance and improvement letters from me to the laggards. It has had a noticeable positive effect on our performance for customers. We also initiated a weekly Chairman’s Award for Everyday Heroes which recognizes superior employee perform- ance at all levels in the organization in support of the customer. We’re very proud of the performance of these plants and people all listed on pages 10 and 11.
 16

 We have great positions in very good industries. Technologies that differentiate. Social and regulatory trends supportive of our businesses. A superb balance sheet. And increasingly a dynamic growth and customer focus throughout
our company.
Sales and Marketing excellence gets a real boost this year with the intro- duction of a Marketing curriculum for leaders and development of a plan in each business to introduce and develop Marketing as a function. Commercial excellence is a real opportunity for
us given we haven’t focused on it histori- cally. By aggregating these functions (functionalization) in each business, we’ve been able to add critical mass
and drive functional excellence. Our foundation for Marketing analysis will always be grounded in developing a terrific understanding of our customers and our competition.
Globalization efforts made strides as we added significantly to our presence in emerging markets like India and China and started a European Union Government Relations office. The Honeywell brand carries value and credi- bility around the world and our products, services, and technologies travel well.
Technology roadmaps and accom- plishments by our Engineering teams
are getting truly exciting. While the new products and services being introduced and planned are impressive, equally impressive is the work they have initiated on VPD (Velocity Product Development)
to speed development times. Using high-caliber customer information and insights from our Marketing organization, our technology teams are committed
to using Lean and Six Sigma tools to eliminate development time white space, reduce bottlenecks, and run activities concurrently rather than sequentially
wherever possible. For a technology focused company like ours, the impact from this VPD effort along with great marketing input at the beginning of the process can be big.
SUMMARY
The prospects for Honeywell are wonderful. In the past two years we have tackled our big issues head-on and worked hard in our businesses using our Five Initiatives to prepare ourselves for recovery in our end markets. We have great positions in very good industries. Technologies that differentiate. Social and regulatory trends supportive of
our businesses. A superb balance
sheet. And increasingly a dynamic growth and customer focus throughout our company. This could not be a better
time for Honeywell.
It was true last year and it’s even more true today when I say ... I’m excited about the future.
David M. Cote
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  17
