 Honeywell 1
     Where it matters Our customers depend on us to develop technologies and innovations that improve the competitive landscape for them and their customers. Our focus
on what matters most to our customers means on-time delivery, eliminating defects and listening carefully to the voice of the customer. Our shareowners can be confident that we will continue to deliver consistent earnings growth, competitive returns on investment and superior financial performance driven by customer satisfaction and leadership in high-growth industries. We can make these commitments because we’re focused where it matters.
 Financials
The financial results for 2005 demonstrate another strong stride in achievement of that goal. Sales were up 8% to $27.7 billion with 5% organic growth. Earnings grew 30% to $1.94 per share. Free cash flow (cash flow from operations less capital expenditures) at $1.8 billion was up 8% and represented 106% conversion of net income. We have been over 100% for the last three years. Another strong performance.
Robust cash flow, a strong balance sheet, and a terrific outlook for the future
To our Shareowners
It’s just the beginning for Honeywell.
Four years ago we were three companies (Honeywell, AlliedSignal and Pittway), and at least that many cultures, brought together but not uni- fied. That lack of unity was reflected in an inconsistent track record. We needed more “glue”: shared initiatives, standardized processes, a focus on people, and a common mindset to drive a cohesive strategy bringing everyone together as one company that provided sustainable, reliable, and strong operating results.
  
  Another strong year ... and it’s just the beginning. Our businesses are in great shape, the global economy continues to be good,
and our focus on building One Company is working.
allowed us to again raise our dividend by 10% to $0.9075 per share and repurchase 30.6 million shares of stock for $1.1 billion. Our stock responded with a return to shareowners including divi- dends of 7.5% versus the S&P 500 at 4.9% and versus the S&P 500 excluding oils at 3.3%, but ... it should
be even better. Delivering these great consistent results like we did in 2005 and will do again in 2006 moves us a long way to building investor credibility.
We also completed eight acquisitions for $3.5 billion and eleven divestitures for $1.0 billion, further strength- ening the growth profile of our already excellent suite
of businesses. Notably, we completed the acquisition and integration of Novar, including the sale of Security Printing Services (December 2005) and Indalex Aluminum Solutions (February 2006)
for far more than we had
modeled. The acquisition
of the remaining 50% of
UOP significantly advanced the transformation of our Specialty Materials business, and the acquisition of Zellweger Analytics gave us great capability in the rapidly growing field of gas detection.
Another strong year ... and it’s just the beginning. We expect another strong performance in 2006. Our businesses are in great shape, the global economy continues to be good, and our focus on building One Company is working.
One Company
Our drive for One Company is paying off. People feel a part of something that’s successful. The change
has been big. There is more “glue” holding us together everywhere in the company.
Not that long ago, we were just a collection of busi- nesses with little overlay of company processes. Morale was low, strategic planning and the employee perform- ance review processes were just exercises, acquisitions frequently resulted in write- offs, leadership ranks were so depleted that only 39%
of openings in our top 150 positions were filled internally, and our Learning Center
was empty to the point we were renting space to other companies. Not a great
state of affairs.
Today we have a strong track record of financial performance, 80% of our
open top positions are filled internally, the Learning Center is filled with Honeywell peo- ple, strategic planning is vibrant, we have consistent employee evaluation and differentiated salary/bonus planning worldwide, the Human Resources leader and I interview final candidates
for all of our top 150 people, Honeywell Hometown SolutionsTM helps to build connection with our communi- ties, and our new acquisition process works. It feels great.
The new acquisition process has been particularly effective as we developed and revamped our approach to identification, due dili- gence, valuation, and integration. A single process used the same way across the company makes a big difference. Over the last
four years we completed
37 acquisitions for $4.6 billion and added $5.6 billion in annualized sales. During that time we also completed 21 divestitures for $2.2 billion in proceeds reducing sales by $2.0 billion. We target
our acquisitions to be accretive to earnings by
the second full year after
the acquisition, for their returns to exceed our cost
of capital, and for ROI greater than 10% in the
fifth year. The upshot is
these acquisitions added approximately 0.07¢ per share in earnings last year. That’s a real change from
our previous track record and a great use of cash.
Honeywell 2

   From the beginning we have said we wanted to be in good industries with great positions. We have divested those businesses that did not fit that profile and have added only businesses that did. We now have four businesses in better shape to grow than they have ever been.
One Mission is doing a great job for our customers every day in delivery, quality, value, and technology. A primary thrust of our Growth initiative. It’s tough to talk with customers about new products and services if they are having issues with the current shipments.
One Brand is a real success story. Four years ago, less than 70% of
our products carried the Honeywell name. Today over 90% do. Standard Marketing Communications guidelines also give us a consistent look and feel around the world. Our brand promise “Honeywell is building a world that’s safer and more secure ... more comfortable and energy efficient ... more innovative and productive” gives us a common global message.
One Culture unites
our 116,000 employees around the world. We all focus on the customer, identify with the brand,
and work with the same big processes. Not just strategic planning and the Management Resource Review, but also the acquisition process, Velocity Product DevelopmentTM (VPDTM)
to bring better products and services to market faster, Functional Transformation Initiative (FTI) to improve service levels of our administrative functions and reduce those costs significantly, and the
Honeywell Operating System (HOS) being rolled out to all our plants to improve cus- tomer service and efficiency. Each makes us a better company and unites us.
One Community is sup- ported through Honeywell Hometown Solutions. We now have 35 local employee clubs around the world work- ing to better their communi- ties. Programs we initiated to support middle school sci- ence and math education (FMA Live! with NASA), child abduction prevention (Got
2B Safe! with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children®), and housing (home rehabilitation with Rebuilding Together®) continue to grow and receive accolades. We also announced a partnership with Nobel to support university level science and math through scholarships and a laureate lecture series. Our employees and the company strongly supported disaster relief for the tsunami in Asia, Hurricanes Rita and Katrina, and the Pakistan earthquake. Our employees take a lot of pride in what’s been accomplished.
Five Initiatives
Four years ago we developed our Five Initiatives (Growth, Productivity, Cash, People, and Enablers) to provide direction for the company. The results indicate it’s work- ing and we will continue.
Growth is driven by our Four Pillars (1) doing a great
job for our customers every day, (2) Sales and Marketing excellence, (3) globalization, and (4) introduction of
new products and services supported by VPD and Six Sigma. Customer service continues to improve with more to go. At the end
of this annual report we recognize top performing customer-focused plants and individuals. Marketing has improved a lot with the second year of our Strategic Marketing Program. Sales outside the U.S. today are 45% of sales, up from 39% four years ago. Good progress, but with two-thirds of the world’s GDP outside the U.S. there’s more to go. New products and services are starting to show in our organic growth and several are exhibited in this report.
Productivity continues to focus on traditional materials and manufacturing programs, and we’re excited about what FTI and HOS can do to improve service levels inter- nally and externally while reducing costs substantially. Growth and Productivity
are interdependent. Growth provides fixed costs leverage and Productivity provides
the opportunity to generate more value for customers.
Cash is always upper- most in our minds, and half of the company’s bonus pool is determined by cash perform- ance. We again generated cash at over 100% of net income, but we still think we can do better in areas like
Where it matters
The theme of this annual report highlights “where it matters” for Honeywell: One Mission, One Brand, One Culture, and One Community, because we are One Company.
Sales
(dollars in billions)
30 25.6 23.1
27.7
Honeywell 3
        20
 10
 0 2003 2004 2005
Earnings Per Share
$2.25 1.94
   1.54
1.49
     $1.50
 $.75
 0
2003 2004 2005

  Honeywell 4
 working capital. Cash rede- ployment focuses on first investing adequately in our businesses, then acquisitions and returning cash to share- owners through dividends and share repurchases.
People are the ultimate differentiator and we’ll continue improving our selection, reward, and promotion processes to get better and better. People provide the “glue.” The best people, organized correctly and motivated, make all the difference. Our Board of Directors received a great boost this year with the
 addition of Scott Davis, Chief Financial Officer of UPS. Scott’s financial expertise and business judgment are a nice add to our high-caliber board.
Our Enablers have changed, along with a corre- sponding resource shift, from Six Sigma and DigitalWorks to VPD, FTI, and HOS. Companies need to evolve. We had provided great train- ing across the company on the tools for Six Sigma, Lean, and DigitalWorks; and using these tools and resources to support company-wide process improvements can help us hugely.
 David M. Cote with the senior management team. From left to right: William L. Ramsey, Thomas W. Weidenkopf, Larry E. Kittelberger, Robert J. Gillette, Peter M. Kreindler,
Nance K. Dicciani, Roger Fradin, Rhonda Germany, David J. Anderson, Shane Tedjarati and Adriane M. Brown

  From manufacturer to consumer, pilot to passenger, homebuilder to homeowner, and physician to patient,
Honeywell
  Honeywell 5
    Businesses
Our businesses are now in their best shape ever with lots more upside. The Aerospace business is bene- fiting from the customer focused reorganization implemented in 2005. With a wonderful depth and breadth of technologies and increas- ing flight hours the outlook is excellent. Automation and Control Solutions is now on a roll with the introduction
of many new products and services, and they have become masters of identify- ing and integrating acquisi- tions. Transportation Systems
hit a rough spot with a shift in the European diesel market to under 1.7 liter engines where we are underrepre- sented. While we expect this tough market to continue into 2006, we are encouraged by our outlook for continued platform wins and margin expansion. The leadership team is taking the tough actions needed while sup- porting growth programs to keep flourishing in this excel- lent business. Specialty Materials should be a case study of what can be accom- plished when a strategy is well thought through and
steadily implemented over time. Where once we had a bleeding $3.5 billion busi- ness, we now have a vibrant growing $4.4 billion business. As a multi-industry company our portfolio is now in good industries with great posi- tions. Exactly what we said we wanted to do.
Summary
Our One Company focus is working. Today there are more things that unite us than divide us. Our business portfolio is in the best shape ever. We are in good indus- tries with great positions.
The disciplined acquisition process works well. Our Five Initiatives continue to provide direction. Major company process improvements like VPD, HOS, FTI, and working capital make us a better company and further unite us. Importantly, it’s all show- ing in the financial results.
We have come a long way in four years. And ... it’s just the beginning.
  David M. Cote Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 We are building a world
 