     TO OUR SHAREOWNERS
Well ... what an “interesting” year 2008 was ... and certainly “interesting” seems to apply to 2009 also.
For the year, we again had terrific financial performance even in a difficult economy, with sales up 6% to $36.6 billion; earnings per share up 19% to $3.76; free cash flow of $3.1 billion, excluding cash taxes relating to the sale of the Consumables Solutions (CS) business, yielding a conversion rate of 110% on net income; and our fifth consecutive 10% annual dividend increase. We made great progress on all our process initiatives, divested
the CS business at a great price, had terrific contract wins further bolstering our future, and acquired a wonderful position in the rapidly growing personal protective equipment space.
The reward ... a 47% drop in the stock price
... incredible. Interestingly, at the same time the stock declined, our bonds traded strongly and we issued commercial paper at extremely attractive rates.
So why the dichotomy? Some investors look at our impressive six-year track record; sales up 58% (10% annually), earnings per share up 151% (20% annually), free cash flow doubled, excluding the CS taxes (after dividends up 152%) ... and believe that we can continue to outperform even during tougher economic conditions. Conversely, other investors look at our performance during the last recession (1999-2002) and are concerned that, regardless of the last six years, it will happen again during these difficult times. Back then on a 6% sales decrease, we laid off 30,000 people and actually lost money two years in a row.
But ... that was a different time. Three companies (Honeywell, AlliedSignal, and Pittway) had been brought together and had not been integrated ... financially or culturally ... and the problems of each were magnified rather than subdued. That’s changed.
And ... we’re a different company. The changes are significant in our portfolio, leadership and culture, and the “seed planting” we’ve done will
yield real results. While the year will clearly be tough on every company, you will not see a reprise of the last recession at Honeywell. It’s our intent to show we perform well in good times and tough times.
PORTFOLIO
Great Positions in Good Industries has made a big difference. During this time we’ve acquired 58 companies ($7.5 billion sales) and divested 32 companies ($4.3 billion sales), in each case, strengthening our business portfolio. We already had a good portfolio, and while any of us can still point to some smaller soft spots, the fact is we are in significantly better shape today than we were then ... and it’s true in every business. We’re more global, better diversified, and better positioned across the board.
Aerospace has undergone significant organizational change to make the business more customer- and market-focused ... and much less costly. It has clearly worked and is manifested in customer comments – $40 billion in contract wins
in 2008 on top of the $27 billion won in 2007. We sold the CS business ($.5 billion in revenue) to B/E Aerospace for $1.05 billion. CS, which delivers small parts to aerospace company assembly
lines, no longer fit with our technology focus. B/E Aerospace can do a better job with this business for customers and employees. We’ve acquired great positions in defense logistics with Dimensions International and in condition-based maintenance (or predictive monitoring) with Intelligent Automation Corporation (IAC). While we can likely expect
Aero sales to decline this year, we also expect to weather it well and come out of the cycle very well-positioned because of our wins, the ongoing cost focus, and our new technologies.
Automation and Control Solutions (ACS) since 2002 has grown from $7 billion to $14 billion both through organic growth and by acquiring
(1) great positions in new good industries like
gas detection (Zellweger and First Technology),
   
     bar code scanning (Handheld and Metrologic), and personal protective equipment (Norcross); and (2) businesses that bolster our current positions
(eg. Novar). We have a robust acquisitions process, from identification, through due diligence and valuation, to integration, and it works extremely well in ACS. Organically, the new product stream, geographic expansion, cost repositioning, and business reinvigoration have been particularly acute in ACS.
Transportation Systems (TS) is clearly a
better business today but is also experiencing the worst auto industry fall-off any of us have ever seen. The industry impacted the business strongly in the second half of 2008 and we expect that to continue through much of this year. That being said, the long-term outlook and market dynamics for our tur- bocharger business, which represents the bulk of TS, have never been better. The world’s focus on greater fuel efficiency points to turbochargers as a solution. With Honeywell turbos (generally sold as Garrett brand), an engine (diesel or gas, small or large) can be up to a third smaller and still produce the same power as a full-size engine... and, signifi- cantly, using up to 40% less fuel also meaning up to 40% less emissions ... a very good thing. Given all our wins over the last few years across all platform categories and around the world, plus our cost and technology advantage, this business will perform very well for the long term. In the very short
term, though, with the industry down and many
of the new launches occurring late this year and into next year, it will be financially tougher. But that’s one of the advantages of being in a company as diversi- fied as Honeywell. We can invest in those great new wins to support excellent long-term prospects.
Specialty Materials (SM) has seen the most change. We’ve divested 12 businesses ($1.7 billion sales), all of which were real issues during the last economic downturn, acquired UOP ($2.0 billion sales), and transformed Resins and Chemicals (R&C) from a money-losing nylon business to a largely formula-priced supplier.
While the R&C highs weren’t as high as they used to be, neither will the lows be as low ... and that’s a big deal at a time like this. We can expect
some fall-off, of course, given the economy and the short-cycle nature of these businesses, but it’s not expected to be anything like the difficulties we faced the last time through.
As a company, several macro trends, such as safety and security, have helped us, and energy efficiency is becoming especially strong. The energy efficiency drive is extremely beneficial for us because with our existing product line-up (i.e., stuff we already have) if, for example, the United States could just immediately and comprehensively adopt the products we have already designed and are
in the marketplace today, the country’s energy consumption could be reduced by 15 to 20%. Programmable thermostats and HFC blown insulation for homes, upgraded HVAC controls
for buildings, turbochargers for cars, updated air traffic control systems and efficiency packages for airplanes, efficient process controls for refineries,
a green diesel process that creates drop-in diesel fuel from plants like jatropha and algae ... all from Honeywell. The world needs energy efficiency
and we’re eager to help.
Overall, a much better positioned portfolio ... better industries, better positions, better performance. We’re more global, more diversified, and more prepared than the last time.
LEADERSHIP AND ONE HONEYWELL
It doesn’t get discussed much, with the constant focus on financial performance, but it is generally true that even with a good portfolio of businesses, the financial performance won’t be there unless the leadership and the culture are there to
make it happen.
This also has changed significantly. We’ve
selected leaders who act in accordance with
our Twelve Behaviors and concentrate on the customer. It’s stuff every company talks about,
 
     but it’s surprising how hard it really is to do. We think about it all the time.
Thrice-annual in-depth Management Resource Reviews focus on our top 200 leaders and organizations; nobody goes into a top 200 position unless that person is interviewed by me and our HR leader even if we already know them, an automated appraisal and goal-setting system that ensures employees have their goals before the year starts and receive candid appraisals (or managers forfeit their salary increase), our review of total compensation for the top 600 people to ensure it reflects the reality of pay for performance ... these things make a difference in developing leadership and One Honeywell consistent with our Twelve Behaviors. The written process is easy to duplicate ... the rigor with which we do them is not ... and that’s what makes a difference.
We have a leadership and a culture that performs for our customers, our investors, and ourselves. We plan sales conservatively, get our costs in line, do the “seed planting” for the future, and then get it done. Our customer service metrics have consistently improved, and it shows up where it matters ... in orders. All important ... all tough to measure ... and all happening at Honeywell.
SEED PLANTING
Another big area of change. We want to make
not just this quarter, but this quarter next year, the year after, and five years from now. That means always thinking about the future today. That head-set was in short supply last time for a variety of reasons. Since that time, we’ve consistently invested in seed planting of all kinds ... new products and services, geographic expansion,
big process improvements, people development ... all consistent with our Five Initiatives. While
it’s important to do seed planting during the good times, it’s just as important to do seed planting during the tough times. We won’t short our customers, our programs, or ourselves to save
money on customer service or key investments. Of course, there will be product investments or expansions delayed, recognizing the reality of our markets, but the critical items will continue so we can deliver in the short term and the long term.
Business success is always about trying to accomplish two seemingly competing objectives at the same time. We want low inventory and great customer service, employee empowerment and good controls, market share and good pricing, low costs and great quality ... the same is true of generating both short-term and long-term results. Focusing on today and investing for tomorrow ... at the root of all of these cases is process improvement.
Understanding the process and the basic questions of who, what, when to make it better, yields all the improvements in what appears to be the conundrum of achieving seemingly conflicting objectives. In a big company, it takes some time to get it right. “Go Slow to Go Fast” is a good
way to describe it. Go slow not as in eternalizing projects, but rather to truly understand the Voice of the Customer and competitive position before we design a new product, why there are a hundred different processes to record orders or pay suppliers before we start mechanizing, understanding
cycle times before we start reducing inventory
or demanding faster product development, understanding the mind-set and process of a
plant before we launch the Honeywell Operating System (HOS) ... all good examples of Go Slow (understand first) to Go Fast (effective launch and achievement of results). It can seem counterintuitive in an organization predisposed to action, but it sure is real. The trick as usual is in “the doing”
... pushing the organization to understand more quickly, recognizing when that’s been achieved, and then moving fast to get it done.
We’ve invested in that seed planting across the company over these last six years while still delivering a 20% annual growth rate in earnings, and we will continue to invest. It’s too important to
 
     our future. You can already see more of the new products in every business, and there’s more to come. Velocity Product DevelopmentTM (VPDTM) has been hugely effective and will become more so.
Our increasing global capability, products that can go “East-to-West” (from emerging to developed markets) and “East-to-East” (between emerging markets), and all-functions-involved VPD are a big deal. The new product/service flow will continue and accelerate.
HOS has been started in 70% of our manufacturing cost base and will climb to 80% by this year-end. Only a few plants have completed the launch process (at which point the journey really begins), but even at this stage the performance difference between HOS and non-HOS plants is startling in quality, delivery, safety, cost, and inventory. There is a lot more upside to come in HOS. It takes a long time to get it right and sustainable, but once you do, it’s a 20-year competitive advantage.
Functional Transformation (FT) is essentially HOS for administrative functions like Finance,
HR, IT, Legal, and Purchasing. We’ve made great progress reducing the cost of these functions while improving service quality, and there’s a lot more to do. Again, we took the time to understand our processes and “commonizing” before launching ERP and automating.
Seed planting across all functions and busi- nesses has been important to our success ... and we’re going to keep doing it. “Go Slow to Go Fast” will also continue to be our mantra, not to slow
the process but rather to accelerate the realization of results. And, One Honeywell and our Five Initiatives will continue to be our guide.
DIRECTORS
A superb Board, independent and supportive, helps to keep a company on track. A high quality Board ensures a lively discussion of key issues. During the year, we had two departures (Jim Howard and General “Ric” Shinseki) and a
terrific addition (George Paz). Jim Howard retired after 18 years of service and provided excellent insights to our Board, especially when it came
to driving new products. General Shinseki, a genuine American hero, resigned to become the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Our loss is clearly the country’s gain. George Paz, CEO of Express Scripts, brings a wealth of success and insight to our Board and we look forward to his participation. A great Board is a big help.
SUMMARY
We are a hugely different company than we were just a few years ago. That difference led to the per- formance our investors have seen over the last six years ... sales up 10% annually (58% total) from $23.1 billion to $36.6 billion, EPS up 20% annually (151% total) to $3.76, and free cash flow doubled to $3.1 billion. At a time like this, though, investors see the global economy and some question which is the real Honeywell. It’s our job to show that Honeywell is a company that performs in good times and tough times. We’re a different company today ... a better portfolio of businesses, strong business and func- tional leadership, One Honeywell, our Five Initiatives and Twelve Behaviors and lots of seed planting. These things worked during the good times ... and they’ll work in the tough times. These times surely show that no company is immune to a downturn of this magnitude, and that includes us. Even in tough times though it’s important to outperform while
still seed planting, and that we intend to do.
My thanks go to our shareowners, our 128,000 employees in over a hundred countries, our customers, and our suppliers who have made our success possible and who will help us succeed as we embark on what is likely to be another “interesting” year.
David M. Cote
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  