 +9.7%
SAME STORE WORLDWIDE REVPAR
+140BPS
IN WORLDWIDE REVPAR INDEX
81
HOTELS OPENED, FOR A RECORD
20,900
ROOMS
112
NEW DEALS, BRINGING OUR PIPELINE
TO ALMOST
90,000
ROOMS
DROVE GUEST SATISFACTION SCORES TO RECORD LEVELS
SG&A GROWTH BELOW INFLATION,
+2.3%
DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS
Starwood posted another great year in 2011. We grew REVPAR index and room count faster than the industry. We played offense in the marketplace. But we played it safe with our finances, as we enter 2012 with our strongest ever balance sheet. This has been Starwood’s game plan since the crisis has receded, and it is paying off as we further distance ourselves from the competition and accelerate our growth trajectory.
We delivered strong financial results despite a turbulent global economy. As the most global company in our industry, we witness firsthand world events like the Arab Spring, the disaster in Japan or the euro-zone drama. Behind those headlines, though, we see encouraging trend lines. Our REVPAR gains were fueled by rapid economic growth in emerging markets and tight supply in the developed world. The global economic recovery continued through 2011, bringing occupancies close to pre-crisis levels. With many hotels full on weeknights and during peak periods, we saw rates increase. For the full year, higher rates accounted for over half of our REVPAR gains. We are encouraged to see robust demand for business travel, which drives 75% of our total revenue. Corporate profits and cash on hand are at record levels, and companies are scouring the globe in search of growth opportunities.
Against this backdrop, here are just a few highlights from the year:
» We grew Same Store Worldwide REVPAR by 9.7% (or 7.4% in constant dollars)
» We gained 140bps in Worldwide REVPAR index
» We opened 81 hotels, for a record
20,900 rooms
» We signed 112 new deals, bringing our pipeline
to almost 90,000 rooms
» We drove guest satisfaction scores to
record levels
» We held our SG&A growth below inflation,
up 2.3%
These strong results are thanks to the hard work of our 154,000 employees around the world. Our surveys tell us that our associates have never been more engaged, energized and committed to our global growth. We share a belief that people want a better way to experience the world. Those better experiences drive growth, brand loyalty and market-leading returns.
GLOBAL GROWTH
Growing our footprint of hotels is a key driver of value over the long term, and we will continue to generate and deliver on our pipeline of great new hotels year after year. This momentum gives us the confidence to be selective in where we open hotels and in culling lagging ones from our system. Between 2007 and 2011, Starwood opened 389 hotels. This equates to an average of 8% growth per year, and means over one-third of our properties are newly opened. Bear in mind also that this growth continued even in the wake of the Great Recession of 2008 and 2009. In the midst of the credit crisis, new hotel activity in the developed world ground to a halt. Factoring in the typical three-year gestation period for building a new hotel, you might have expected a drop in new hotel openings today.
Filling the gap were a record number of conversions of existing hotels to our brands in the developed world. We also went from strength to strength in emerging markets. During 2010 and 2011, we opened more hotels in Asia Pacific than our three largest US-based lodging competitors combined. Overall, emerging markets accounted for 61% of our new rooms last year, up from 50% in 2010 and 31% in 2009.
More importantly, the rise of these markets is the single biggest growth opportunity in our lifetimes. Take China, for example, where we are the leading operator of four- and five-star hotels, with almost 100 properties open today and another 100 in the

pipeline. Domestic travel volume there is already roughly equal to the US and likely to double in the next five years. China could one day be our largest market, eclipsing the 480 hotels we have today in the United States.
Two-thirds of the 112 hotel deals we signed in 2011 were in emerging markets. This means we are positioned to lengthen our lead and strengthen our brands with great new hotels. Globalization is adding to the ranks of elite travelers like never before, and our brands have captured more than our fair share of that demand. Our luxury room count doubled during the last five years, which underscores the value of our investments in brands and in loyalty.
A BETTER WAY TO EXPERIENCE THE WORLD
As we sell real estate, we are making a shift from owning hotels to owning guest relationships. Compelling brands, great service and best-in-class properties are three key ingredients to fostering these relationships. Starwood Preferred Guest® (SPG) is what binds our brands and properties together. To great fanfare, we recently announced changes to our SPG program that will deepen our connection to global mega-travelers. Here is how these changes came to life, what it does for our guests and how it creates value for our hotel owners.
In any branded business, the best marketing investments are geared to recruiting and retaining new brand-loyal customers and getting even more business from existing ones. The more targeted and the more focused on their needs, the better. Over the last five years, we’ve doubled our number of elite members, and spending per elite member is up 60%. Today, the top 2% of our guests account for 30% of hotel profits. Our Platinum SPG members give us nearly 50 times the business of our average guest. Our first-mover advantage has enabled us to benefit from the rising wealth around the world. Today, 40% of our elite members live outside the US, and these mega-travelers are more diverse, more informed and more sophisticated than ever.
We engaged in a dialog with these travelers, and what we learned made a lot of sense. High-end travelers want more than just a good deal. They want that personal touch, and to be treated in a special way. Their comments helped us to recast SPG. They told us that not all trips are equal and not all benefits matter. They asked for more milestones,
more reasons to stay after they reached a certain level and more choices. All of these are part of our program. They also wanted to know whether their loyalty with us over time counted for something, so we introduced lifetime status. Our guests asked for a more flexible definition of a stay. So we tested our ability to meet that need, and today we are offering 24-hour check-in for our most elite guests. Even in this digital age, they appreciated a one- on-one contact, which we have made a part of our program for our most loyal guests.
We believe that the changes to SPG will not only set the program apart, but will take loyalty to a whole new level. A great benefit for guests means more business at our hotels. For every dollar, euro or yuan that we spend on the transformation, our experience tells us that we should expect to see over four times that amount in top-line growth. In other words, happy guests mean better returns for our owners, and stronger brands.
DELIVER MARKET-LEADING RETURNS
We are focused on delivering market-leading returns for all of our stakeholders, and we have four financial levers at our disposal. It starts with driving REVPAR premiums, growing our footprint, holding down costs and unlocking the value of our balance sheet. As we have noted, 2011 was a strong year along each of these measures. We made progress in getting cash from the sale of our real estate assets. We sold two hotels and a joint venture in 2011 for net proceeds of $281 million. Other sources of cash include over $200 million from time- share and $74 million from residential units at The St. Regis Bal Harbour Resort.
We expect 2012 to build on our momentum. We will generate cash as we work toward our target of being at least 80% fee-driven. From Bal Harbour and from our timeshare business, we expect to generate $375 million in cash. When it comes to selling our owned hotels, we will continue to be patient and disciplined sellers, searching for the right prices, partners and management contracts.
We also expect to continue to gain share. Our margins will grow, as REVPAR is driven by rising rates. Our corporate customers expect to keep hitting the road in 2012. Corporate negotiated rates are set to be up mid- to high-single digits, and our group meetings are being booked at higher rates as well.
At Starwood, we are sticking to a cautiously confident worldview. Our caution is reflected in our conservative balance sheet and cost base. After all, the world remains an uncertain place. Our confidence is rooted in the long-term growth prospects for high-end travel and for our portfolio of brands. To lengthen our lead in 2012, we will stay on offense, targeting additional REVPAR index gains, opening more rooms than ever, signing the most hotel deals since the beginning of the crisis and further deepening our ties to elite guests.
Thank you for your interest in Starwood. And, of course, we look forward to welcoming you as a Starwood guest in 2012.
FRITS VAN PAASSCHEN Chief Executive Officer
 