Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.
 Dear Fellow Shareholders
 As you all know, I joined Starwood as the CEO in September of 2007 and I am excited to be a part of such a great organiza- tion. So while I can’t take credit for the terrific results our team delivered in 2007, I’m very proud of their hard work and feel fortunate to have such a strong team of talented Associates around the world that deliver industry-leading results year after year. This pool of industry veterans will be the foundation for our future as we transform Starwood into the leading hotel company in the world.
First, let me list some of our top accomplishments in 2007:
• We delivered worldwide system-wide RevPAR growth of 10.3%, driven by our strong international presence where RevPAR jumped 15.5%.
• We also delivered strong results at our worldwide owned hotels, with RevPAR gains of 11.0% and margin expansion of 120bps.
• We opened 67 hotels and signed 198 hotel contracts with 47,000 rooms.
• SVO generated operating income of $246 million on industry- leading margins of roughly 26%.
• We returned approximately $2.0 billion to our shareholders, including $1.8 billion through our buyback program and almost $200 million in dividends.
But rather than just talking about yesterday’s results, I want to take this opportunity to walk you through my vision for Starwood’s future, our strengths and opportunities, and how we will continue to create value for our shareholders over the long- term. We have identified five pillars that will direct our actions to deliver the growth, cost containment, and focused resource allo- cation that our investors should expect from us. So let me take you through each of these pillars, why they are important for Starwood, and how we’ll measure our success.
The first pillar of our strategy is based on ‘World Class Brands’. As you all know, Starwood has some of the best brands in the industry, especially in the upper upscale and luxury segments. Our goal is to have distinctive and compelling brands. Distinctive brand positioning means targeting a specific guest with exactly the experience they are seeking. Our brands become compelling through delivering those experiences time after time. The role of innovation is to keep our brands fresh, driving repeat business. Successful delivery of the experience builds loyalty, which, in the end, drives RevPAR growth ahead of the competition. So, put simply, if we aren’t gaining share, we’re not doing our jobs. To measure our success, we’ll focus on RevPAR index by brand. And at the same time, we’ll keep a sharp eye on the underlying economics for both ourselves and the development commu- nity. This should translate into additional pipeline growth and
increasing returns on invested capital. Let me give you an example. We would contend that the economics of W are better than any other luxury brand, which explains the explosive growth from an existing base of 20 hotels today to well over 50 in the coming years.
Now let’s take a quick look at our distinctive and compelling portfolio of brands. To start with, our Luxury Brands Group offers unique and differentiated products for consumers and developers through St Regis, The Luxury Collection and W. In the upper upscale category, Westin is one of the most sought- after brands through its clear and consistent positioning around personal renewal. Sheraton’s strong international presence affords us a platform to aggressively re-invigorate and bring con- sistency to the brands in the US. And Le Meridien complements these upper upscale offerings with a chic European-flair that can grow from its geographic base in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Meanwhile, aloft and Element bring excitement and personality to the select-serve category. And at the same time, we’ve transformed Four Points by Sheraton into a compelling brand, with stellar growth in RevPAR, GSI scores and pipeline.
Our second pillar for Starwood is to be ‘Operationally-Driven’. We must consistently deliver the right brand experience for our guests. And we can measure our effectiveness at delivering on that brand promise through tracking our Guest Satisfaction Scores. But at the same time, we must also manage expenses at our hotels to improve efficiencies. And because we own hotels, we’re focused on growing not just the top-line, but also margins. I also believe we have an opportunity to streamline our processes and better allocate resources within the company to their highest and best use. Prioritization is key to our success as we enter a period of great growth in our managed and fran- chised businesses. An example is innovation, which has been a hallmark for Starwood. Our goal going forward will be to focus on fewer, more significant innovations that will resonate with our guests and are aligned with owner interests.
This leads me to our third pillar, ‘Growth’, as we believe that Starwood is poised to gain market share over the coming years. Our development team has led the charge in building a great pipeline to increase our penetration in the US. More importantly, these are exciting times for the upper upscale and luxury seg- ments thanks to the extraordinary rise in global prosperity. This is most dramatic in China, India and the Middle East, but it’s also true in scores of other markets around the world. Our dis- tinctive and compelling brands will have a global appeal as guests reach income levels where they can afford to travel. Our optimism about our growth is reflected in our industry-leading pipeline. With 120,000 rooms in the pipeline, our room count can grow by over 40% over the next four to five years. These are high quality rooms, with almost 70% in the upper upscale and luxury categories, and over half in international locations.

At the same time, we need to be sure that we ‘Grow Smart’ as we invest ahead of growth. The expenses we’re incurring today to sign management contracts and build hotels won’t translate into meaningful fee income for several years down the road. And because we’ve only ramped up our investments in growing the pipeline over the past couple of years, there’s a lag between today’s expenses and when fee revenues kick in. We also now have the additional expense related to ensuring that we open our pipeline of hotels ‘HOT’, which in our parlance means on- time, on-budget, and full. These expenses are incurred in antici- pation of future income. Delivering growth will require us to be smart at how we deploy our resources over the coming years, as I believe we already have most of the people we will need to grow. This will allow the company to enjoy increasing econo- mies of scale as our room count grows while we control expenses. Remember, we’re working off half the base of rooms that Marriott and Hilton have, so the best economies of scale are yet to come as we’re investing heavily today for tomorrow’s growth.
Our fourth pillar is ‘Building Great Teams’. After spending time with our people in the field around the world, I can tell you that Starwood has a deep pool of talented lodging professionals. But our biggest future challenge is managing our growth—100 new hotels means forming 100 new teams that are ready to deliver the brand experiences. Our brands, growth and operational effectiveness will depend on retaining, developing and attracting talented Associates around the world, and we’re focused on making Starwood a world-class organization. Also, I should add that I expect to announce some additions to our leadership team in 2008.
This leads us to our fifth and final pillar: ‘Delivering superior returns to our shareholders’. As a baseline, we are committed to and focused on consistently exceeding our financial targets. And looking forward, we need to bring discipline to two more areas: First, investing in high growth areas that don’t tie up the company’s capital, and second, managing our expenses through discipline and prioritizing our activities.
For example, our view is that there aren’t many businesses quite as compelling as managing and franchising hotels. The capital requirements are minimal, there is great potential for growth, and the earnings can be sustained over the long-run. This leads us to redefining our asset-right strategy and reviewing our criteria for determining which assets we continue to own as market conditions change. In today’s market, for example, we see arbitrage opportunities between our underlying real estate value and our share price.
This discipline in capital allocation also relates to our vacation ownership business. Over the past few years, we’ve grown this business dramatically and had another great year in 2007. This growth has been fueled by our great brands and world- class sales organization. As the economics of this business change over time and across geographies, we need to apply discipline to balancing our desire to grow in the future with the potential returns, as measured on a project-by-project basis. In
the coming years, that’s likely to mean favoring high returns over continued rapid growth as we concentrate our focus on key existing markets.
As a management team, we’re also committed to controlling our expenses. This would be an important discipline, even without the economic uncertainty for 2008. So we’re launching a thor- ough review of our spending, with an eye towards reducing costs, improving productivity, and reinvesting against high priorities such as growth. We expect that this capital allocation and cost discipline should result in generating excess cash that we intend to return to our shareholders. And as an example of this commitment, in 2007 we bought back $1.8 billion of stock and raised our dividend by 7% to $0.90 per share.
There is a lot of uncertainty surrounding the US economy as we enter 2008, but we see continued strong growth in our core lodging business due in no small part to our great global foot- print, our portfolio of strong brands, and the constrained supply in the segments and locations where we operate. Today, Starwood is the most global of the major lodging companies, and not nearly dependent on the US as it has been in prior cycles. US owned hotels contribute roughly 20% of the company’s profits. Managed and franchised fee streams are now the largest contributors to our bottom line, and also increas- ingly international. In fact, over half of our hotels are located in international markets, and almost 55% of our fees are generated outside of the US. And we expect this evolution towards interna- tional and fee income to continue, especially as we expand our international presence and contemplate selling additional assets. We believe this means we should be valued differently than during the last cycle.
So in summary, I’d like to emphasize three key points:
1) Our business fundamentals were terrific in 2007.
2) We’re committed to continuing to deliver strong results in 2008 and beyond. And importantly, Starwood has never been better positioned to weather US economic uncertainty, through our reduced reliance on owned hotels, and our global footprint.
3) We have a clear vision for the company’s future that can be easily tracked and should generate significant shareholder value for years to come.
Thank you for your continued support.
Frits van Paasschen Chief Executive Officer
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.
 