To our shareholders and associates
Throughout 2011, the housing industry continued to bounce along the bottom of this unprecedented downturn. From time to time there were glimmers of hope but unfortunately the much-anticipated economic recovery did not take flight. The good news is that even though the homebuilding market remains quite challenging, it looks as if it has stabilized.
For the first time since 2005, our full year net contracts surpassed the prior year. Our total community count increased from 204 at the end of fiscal 2010 to 214 at the end of fiscal 2011. More importantly, our backlog increased an impressive 19% on a year-over-year basis. The increase in communities and backlog should lead to a corresponding increase in deliveries. For all of fiscal 2011, our total revenues were $1.1 billion and we recorded a net loss of $286 million.
Part of our path back to profitability comes by gaining efficiencies through top line growth. In this effort, we increased our newly identified land position, land that was owned or optioned after January 31, 2009, by about 1,900 lots during the year. Through the end of fiscal 2011, we have purchased or optioned, 16,900 newly identified lots in 266 communities throughout our markets.
During fiscal 2011, we invested approximately $400 million in new land purchases and on land development. Yet because our cash flow improved during the year, total cash flow from operations prior to spending $400 million on land and land development was positive $180 million for the year.
After beginning the year strong, our gross margin decreased slightly compared with the previous year, due primarily to additional incentives on sales. Over the last two years, pricing has deteriorated somewhat, reducing the margin we expected on our newer land purchases. Nevertheless, we believe the new land purchases are significantly better than sitting on our cash and investing in Treasuries. Since many of these newly identified communities were recently opened, they did not meaningfully contribute to 2011 deliveries but will begin to deliver homes in earnest in 2012. As long as we see no changes in market conditions, particularly in home prices, we expect this mix shift to improve our gross margins in 2012.
Our mix of newly identified active selling communities to total communities increased in fiscal 2011. For the full year 2011, approximately 44% of our deliveries were from new communities; this is up from 12% in fiscal 2010. We expect the percentage of new deliveries in 2012 to increase further.
We ended fiscal 2011 with $302 million of homebuilding cash, including $58 million of restricted cash required to collateralize letters of credit. Our liquidity continues to govern our land investment decisions. We are managing our business to a total cash target between $245 million and $170 million, which includes cash to collateralize letters of credit.
Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2011, we successfully completed a debt exchange offer. $142 million of unsecured debt that originally matured in 2014 and 2015 was exchanged for a like principal amount of a new 5% secured note that matures in 2021 and approximately $14.2 million in cash, excluding accrued and unpaid interest. And $53 million of unsecured debt that originally matured in 2016 and 2017 was exchanged for a like principal amount of a new 2% secured note that also matures in 2021. After this exchange, we only have $137 million of debt that matures between now and the end of 2015 and only $53 million that matures through the end of 2014.
Looking forward, our internal projections for the next two years do not assume any improvements in market conditions, so any top line growth we achieve will be driven by community count growth. Year over year our community count was up 5% in fiscal 2011. Although it is difficult to project future community count growth, we continue to look for new land parcels that meet our underwriting criteria in order to achieve future community count growth.
The quality of the new land we are purchasing is maintained through a disciplined underwriting methodology, which is governed by the premise that all new land deals must meet or exceed a hurdle rate of a 25% internal rate of return based on current home prices and sales paces. If the community is long lived, we will factor in some pace improvements in the out years but no price improvements over the life of the community. With
1

each and every one of these new land purchases, the intention is to get the community open for sale as soon as possible. We are not purchasing land today with the hope that the market improves in four to five years.
The new land purchases we have made position us to take advantage of the inevitable housing recovery. Our participation will come through community count growth driving an increase in revenues, which will result in a more efficient use of our fixed costs.
Foreclosures remain an issue but many markets appear that they might have reached equilibrium with respect to prices and volume of foreclosures. Modest home price declines coupled with all-time low mortgage rates kept affordability at record levels throughout the year. Total U.S. housing starts increased slightly in 2011, though most of the gains were in multi-family starts, which are typically rentals. Nonetheless, one of the biggest dampening effects on the housing market continued to be below normal household formations. We are firm believers that there is pent up demand because of these low levels of household creation.
Before the successful execution of the debt exchange, we felt comfortable with our liquidity and we feel even better about our liquidity now that the exchange is completed. We believe that we have adequate liquidity to reinvest in land, as well as repay the debt that matures between now and the end of 2015. Additionally, we recognize the need to repair our balance sheet. As the homebuilding market recovers and we return to solid profitability, we should be able to issue equity at higher prices than today, reduce our leverage and refinance our 2016 and 2017 maturities.
We would like to express our sincerest thanks to all of our associates and stakeholders that have supported us throughout this difficult market cycle. We will continue to press on in the pursuit of our vision of becoming the best homebuilder in the nation.
Ara K. Hovnanian
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
 2
