To Our Shareholders:
We entered 2009 in the wake of the near collapse of the global financial markets, and as a result, our business fundamentals were rapidly eroding. Confidence in the markets and economy was shaken and consumers across the board, including our customers, were more conservative with their pocketbooks due to the growing uncertainty. Many of our customers had capital structures more suited for better times than we were about to endure. As the economy slowed, oil and natural gas demand weakened at the same time as production increased due to the high level of drilling activity in recent years. This led to a sharp decline in commodity prices. At one point in 2009, oil and natural gas prices were nearly 77% and 86% off their 2008 high prices, respectively.
This general fear about the state of the capital markets and economy, coupled with the precipitous decline in commodity prices, led to a historic slowdown in exploration and production spending and drilling activity in the U.S. and the first decline in international markets in nearly a decade.
Additionally, Hercules Offshore, like many of our customers, was capitalized for a stronger environment, which added to the substantial hurdles we faced during 2009.
Beginning in the fall of 2008, our management team moved quickly with a number of proactive measures to better position the company for the coming downturn. We eliminated costs, reduced capital spending and strengthened our capital structure. But in fact, it was one of our longer-term strategic initiatives, our international expansion, as well as the stability provided by our liftboat business, that helped pull us through the most severe downturn the industry has seen since the mid-1980’s. Our International Offshore segment benefits both from a customer base that is generally better capitalized, and from a much higher proportion of activity driven by oil prices which, while cyclical, have not been nearly as volatile as U.S. natural gas prices that tend to drive our Domestic Offshore, Inland and Delta Towing segments. Our Liftboat segments generally support production activity which

is not as closely tied to commodity prices, and therefore the downturn has not been as severe in these segments.
Strategic Response
Upon initial signs of the downturn, we recognized that while none of our segments were immune, our Domestic Offshore, Inland and Delta Towing segments were going to bear the brunt of the weakness. Thus we moved quickly to eliminate excess capacity and reduce our costs in these segments. We instituted an aggressive stacking plan based on both anticipated activity levels throughout the year and our expectations for a modest rebound in activity in 2010. Ultimately, we stacked 13 of our 24 domestic offshore drilling rigs and 14 of our 17 inland barge rigs. While this move was drastic, activity fell even further than anticipated and the industry was still plagued by, and we still suffered from, excess capacity in these segments. In fact, the slowdown was so severe that during the second quarter 2009, our inland barge drilling rigs were not under contract for one single day. At one point during the summer, only 14 jackups were working in the entire U.S. Gulf of Mexico, a low not seen since the early days of the industry.
In this environment, we could not cut our way to profitability. We had to reduce expenses to better position the company financially to weather the downturn, while balancing the risk of cutting too deep and leaving the company in a position where it would not have the experienced people necessary to respond quickly to the upturn. We opted to man our stacked rigs with a small crew of experienced personnel so the rigs would be better maintained and have the right people to reactivate them in a cost effective manner when activity rebounds further.
The savings from these actions were profound. We reduced our operating expenses in these three segments by $142 million, or 37% versus 2008. While many of these expense reductions were the result of our stacking plan and right sizing of our workforce to more closely match demand, many of the cost savings were the result of seeking more economical ways to run our business around the globe, including in our headquarters. The initiatives

included the elimination of our 401(k) match, the elimination of a number of executive and other positions, reductions in executive pay and countless others. We left no stone unturned.
Additionally, as our international expansion projects were winding down in early 2009, we reduced our capital and drydocking expenditures by nearly 70% in 2009. We also divested various non-core, idle assets during 2009 for proceeds of approximately $26 million. These efforts have continued, and we have either sold or entered into agreements to sell additional non-core, idle assets for proceeds of $13 million during the first half of 2010.
These significant reductions in operating and capital expenditures and the sale of non-core assets helped pave the way for necessary and significant debt reduction even in a weak environment. We put a great deal of time, effort and focus on strengthening our capital structure during 2009 without compromising our strong liquidity.
Beginning in late 2008, we undertook a series of separate transactions that accelerated our debt reduction. Given the lack of liquidity in the financial markets during this period, prices for securities of all kinds were extremely depressed. This afforded us the opportunity to retire a substantial portion of our convertible debt at a significant discount to par, ultimately saving the company approximately $57 million as we purchased $108 million of the debt for $51 million in cash. We also entered into transactions with a number of holders of the convertible debt to exchange their securities for equity, which enabled us to retire another $46 million of our convertible debt without impacting our liquidity.
Despite this significant debt retirement and our operating cost and capital expenditure reductions, more challenges were on the way. It became evident that a violation of the financial covenants contained in the credit agreement governing our term loan and revolving credit facility was becoming increasingly likely to occur at year end as a result of the unparalleled decline in U.S. Gulf of Mexico shallow water and inland drilling activity. Therefore, we proactively approached our lenders during the summer of 2009, more than six months before we envisioned a problem occurring, to negotiate an amendment to our credit agreement. We ultimately reached an agreement that provided us with the necessary

covenant relief and allowed us to maintain the liquidity that we would need to operate through the trough of the business cycle.
During the fall of 2009, we continued to focus on strengthening our capital structure. We completed an offering of 18.8 million shares of common stock, generating net proceeds of approximately $90 million. Shortly thereafter, we completed the private placement of $300 million of 10.5% senior secured notes due 2017. As a result of these activities, the interest rate on our term loan was meaningfully reduced, providing for approximately
$15 million in annual interest cost savings.
All-in-all, these transactions since late 2008 resulted in a $270 million net reduction in our debt and a $563 million, or 50%, reduction in our 2013 debt maturities. Perhaps what is most pleasing about this financial restructuring is that we were able to accomplish it all without sacrificing our strong liquidity as we ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of approximately $140 million and total liquidity of over $300 million. Lastly, while our management team and board of directors never take the decision to sell additional shares of common stock lightly, the equity issuances during 2009, which resulted in an approximate 27% increase in our share count, were necessary steps to safeguard the investments that our shareholders had already made and enhanced the company’s ability to grow again going forward.
Operating Highlights in 2009
Notwithstanding the downturn in the business cycle, I am extremely pleased with our operational accomplishments. First and foremost, I am very proud to report that our Health, Safety and Environmental performance set a company record with greater than 40% improvement on most of the key metrics, a testament to the HS&E and operations team to produce these results in a very challenging environment.
Even in the face of softening market conditions, our strong International Offshore perfor- mance helped offset weakness in our domestic businesses. We completed contract prepara- tion related upgrades to the Hercules 262 and a leg extension on the Hercules 185 and

consistently operated nine international rigs throughout the year. As the year came to a close, so did some of our opportunities for our rigs in Mexico. The Hercules 205 and Hercules 206 have since returned to the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, however Platform 3 received an extension that will carry it into 2011. Although still under contract for the duration of 2010, the near-term future for Hercules 185 in West Africa is uncertain as a result of our customer’s lack of a drilling plan and recent apparent inability to meet their commitments under the contract.
Consistent with our longer-term goal of greater geographic diversity, we mobilized four of our larger liftboats to West Africa from the U.S. Gulf of Mexico in order to capture the growing demand in the region. Moving the Tiger Shark, Creole Fish, Cutlassfish and Mako significantly upgraded our West African fleet while greatly increasing the earnings potential for these vessels. Given the increased fleet capacity and backlog that we quickly secured, we anticipate a strong performance for International Liftboats during 2010.
In January 2009, we entered into an agreement with Mosvold Middle East Jackup Ltd. to market, manage and operate two newbuild jackup rigs. However, following their dispute with the shipyard, we mutually agreed to terminate the agreement. Undeterred, later in the year we entered into a similar agreement with MENAdrill to market, manage and operate two newbuild 300’ high-specification jackup rigs. Additionally, we reached an agreement with Skeie Drilling and Production to manage and operate an ultra high-specification 400’ jackup expected to be delivered in mid-year for a specified opportunity in the Middle East. These agreements enable us to capitalize on our global footprint, helping to facilitate our goal of international expansion, while enhancing our fleet capabilities and growing our revenue without any capital investment on our part.
Looking into 2010 and beyond
Given the dramatic improvement in the capital markets in the second half of 2009, apparent bottoming of economic activity and meaningful recovery in commodity prices, I believe the worst is now behind us. In fact, while dayrates remain depressed, U.S. Gulf of Mexico drilling activity has already rebounded significantly off bottom. Most of our customers have

indicated their capital spending will increase by double digits in 2010. This increased spending, coupled with a recalibration of service costs, should lead to an even stronger uptick in demand. If demand continues to recover, dayrate improvement will surely follow. We do not, however, foresee the same degree of improvement in our Inland business in 2010.
While the international jackup markets are showing some signs of recovery, our optimism remains guarded. Even with strong oil prices and the expected increase in capital spending, we do not expect to see a meaningful recovery in dayrates or utilization until 2011 due to the significant amount of excess capacity coupled with the expected delivery of approxi- mately 26 newbuild jackup rigs in 2010. Fortunately, we have good contract coverage into 2011 on the majority of our international fleet, which should continue to provide strong cash flows during 2010 and keep us well positioned should the market improve in 2011.
We expect steady results from our Domestic Liftboats business and improving results from International Liftboats as a result of our aforementioned expansion.
We have made tremendous strides since our inception to expand internationally in both the drilling and liftboat businesses. Additionally, we have improved the quality of our fleet, divested of non-core assets and built a solid backlog. Over the last year we have also significantly strengthened our capital structure and built a more lean operating cost struc- ture. Yet, we know much more work remains on several of these fronts and we are committed to continued progress.
Through all of the challenges in 2009, our long-term vision remains the same; we are committed to providing our employees with a safe and incident free workplace, our neigh- bors with environmentally sound operations, our customers with world class operational performance, and our shareholders with industry leading returns.
We welcome the leadership of Thomas R. Bates, Jr., who recently took over the post as the Chairman of our Board and look forward to his continued contributions. However, John T.

Reynolds, who served as our Chairman since our inception as a public company, will be missed and we are forever indebted to his talents, counsel and leadership.
While the last year was one of the toughest industry downturns in memory, I can say without a doubt that we had the right team in place to deal with the challenges. From our employees out in the field and offices around the world, to rig managers and captains, to our executive management team and board of directors, our people strived to deliver world class performance. I believe the support and guidance of our board of directors is unrivaled, and for that, I am deeply grateful. I would also like to extend my sincere gratitude and appreciation for all of our shareholders, for the confidence you have shown in our team, and your support of Hercules Offshore.
John T. Rynd
Chief Executive Officer and President March 22, 2010
 