To Our Shareholders:
The last few years were some of the most challenging that our industry has endured. We started 2010 with renewed optimism. We were actively marketing 12 domestic jackup rigs, and at one point we carried a domestic backlog per marketed rig that was the highest since mid-2007. Five of our Domestic Offshore jackups were contracted through hurricane season, and good opportunities existed for the remaining rigs. In early 2010, it appeared as if the U.S. Gulf of Mexico shelf was on the road to recovery. The combination of improved business conditions in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, in tandem with the relative stability of our international drilling and liftboat businesses, made us feel cautiously optimistic for our prospects in 2010.
All of that changed early on the morning of April 20, 2010. On that day, our industry experienced a tragedy that will forever change the face of offshore drilling, with the Macondo well blowout and sinking of the Transocean Deepwater Horizon that resulted in the heart wrenching loss of 11 men aboard the rig and the largest oil spill in our country’s history. Less than three weeks after Macondo, which occurred in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the federal government issued a moratorium on all drilling in the Gulf of Mexico. We realized that this arbitrary mandate would immediately impact our domestic business, given the short duration of our contract terms.
We responded swiftly and strategically with the formation of the Shallow Water Energy Security Coalition (“the Coalition”), consisting of drilling contractors and operators in the Gulf of Mexico, and spearheaded by our General Counsel, James W. Noe. The goal of the Coalition is to educate Congress and regulatory officials about the physical and operational differences between shallow water and deepwater drilling, as well as to highlight the detrimental economic impact of the moratorium on the U.S. economy.
On May 28, three weeks after the formation of the Coalition and our meetings with the Secretary of the Interior, Kenneth L. Salazar, and numerous members of Congress, the moratorium on shallow water drilling operations, defined as those occurring in less than 500 feet of water, was lifted. However, our perceived victory was short-lived, and unfortunately our battle was just beginning. While the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management Regulation and Enforcement (“BOEMRE”), which was created to replace the Minerals Management Service, confirmed approval of two new drilling permits shortly after the lifting of the shallow water moratorium, those permits were revoked within one week under the grounds that all drilling operations must satisfy new safety and environmental

regulations that had not yet been defined. The “de facto moratorium” on shallow water drilling began.
Shortly thereafter, on June 8, the BOEMRE issued a notice to lessees (Notice to Lessees
No. 2010 — No. 05 or “NTL-05”), which imposed new safety regulations and standards primarily focused on well control systems and blowout preventers. It took us less than a month to comply
with these new rules at fairly minimal cost. Ten days following the issuance of NTL-05, the BOEMRE delivered a second notice to lessees (Notice to Lessees No. 2010 — No. 06 or “NTL-06”), which required operators to provide additional environmental information related to their drilling operation, including supplemental information on the potential worst-case discharge and response plan in a blowout situation. Although the requirement to provide this information is
not new, operators have always had to disclose this data in prior permit applications, the change in methodology caused a great deal of confusion and challenges, both for the operator who submits the application and the regulators in charge of reviewing these applications. These changes are particu- larly perplexing to our industry when one considers that shallow water drilling in the Gulf of Mexico dates back over sixty years, with more than 46,000 wells drilled during that period. In the last
15 years alone, there have been over 11,000 wells drilled, out of which a total of 15 barrels of oil were spilled. Our methods are tried and true in the shallow water, and our safety track record is among the best across all industry groups.
In the six weeks following the issuance of the second NTL, only two permits for new wells were issued. As most wells drilled in the shallow water Gulf of Mexico are done on a 30-day cycle, it became evident that the significant delays in the issuance of drilling permits would have a crippling effect to our customers as well as our domestic drilling business.
It was only through hard work and determination that the industry remained afloat by finding creative opportunities to keep our rigs working with supplemental activities where some of the new regulations were not applicable. As the year progressed, permits for new wells began to improve. While the pace was still far below what it was prior to the new rules, given the positive trend, we felt that the worst of the regulatory firestorm was behind us, and we were cautiously optimistic as we entered 2011.
The pace thus far in 2011 has been inconsistent. We remain confident that operating conditions in the shallow water Gulf of Mexico will improve over time, although the road to recovery will have fits and starts. Through the Coalition, we will continue to have active dialogue with members of

Congress, the BOEMRE, as well as key federal, state and local officials to emphasize the importance of the shallow water Gulf of Mexico, not only to the people that are associated with offshore drilling, but also to our national economic interest and energy security.
Operating Highlights in 2010
In spite of the challenges, I am proud of how our people have conducted themselves during this difficult period and their commitment to the job at hand. A strong indication of this commitment
can be seen in our Health, Safety and Environmental record. In 2010, our HS&E performance was the best on record, with greater than 10% improvements in all but one of the categories we measure. The Macondo incident highlights the vital role that HS&E practices play in our industry. At Hercules Offshore, our HS&E improvements over the past several years reflect the great emphasis that we place in this area, not just in rhetoric, but with resources and measured results. We will continue to enhance our HS&E practices to ensure safe operations.
We were also fortunate in 2010 that we have a diversified business mix that provided much needed cash flow to offset the financial challenges faced by our domestic drilling operations. We continue to benefit from the stable cash flows generated by our International Offshore segment. Additionally, our Domestic Liftboats and Delta Towing segments experienced a sharp increase in utilization as a result of incremental demand related to the post-Macondo coastal restoration efforts. Finally, the overseas liftboat expansion plans continue to pay off, as our International Liftboat segment recorded another solid year of financial performance.
Going back on the Offensive in 2011
As we begin 2011, our senior management team and our Board of Directors have taken decisive actions to capitalize on market opportunities that we believe will position Hercules Offshore for growth over the many years to come. We begin with our $10 million investment in Discovery Offshore S.A., a newly formed, pure play high-specification jackup company. Discovery Offshore has two newbuild jackups under construction with Keppel FELS and the option to build two additional jackups. Our investment gives us an eight percent ownership in Discovery Offshore, with the potential to increase to 15 percent pursuant to performance-based warrants granted to Hercules Offshore. In addition to our ownership interest, we also have entered into project management and service agreements with Discovery Offshore, whereby we will be compensated for overseeing the construction, marketing and operation of their two ultra high-spec jackups. The jackups, which are scheduled to be delivered in 2013, are based on the Keppel FELS “Super A” class design, and will be among the most elite jackups in the world.

The investment in Discovery Offshore gives our shareholders a unique opportunity to participate in the high-end jackup market, which we believe is poised for a multi-year run, and provides us with a platform for further expansion into this attractive segment over time. Importantly, we gain this exposure without significant capital at risk.
Shortly after Discovery Offshore, we announced our intent to purchase 20 jackup rigs and related assets from Seahawk Drilling as part of Seahawk’s bankruptcy filing in February 2011. The transaction, valued at roughly $105 million at the time of announcement, will be paid for through the issuance of Hercules Offshore stock and cash. Based on our proposal, we will not incur any additional debt as a result of this acquisition, nor will we assume any of Seahawk’s liabilities, with the exception of trade credit.
The transaction is attractive for a several reasons. The acquisition includes several rigs that offer greater capabilities than our existing domestic fleet. The cost synergies from this transaction are substantial. Not only will we assume very little incremental overhead as we fold these assets into our existing fleet, we will be able to spread our overhead across a wider base of assets. In short, we will be able to operate a larger, more diverse fleet for our customers at a lower cost on a per rig basis, and we will be ideally positioned to capitalize on a rebound of drilling activity in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico with a larger, more capable asset base. The Seahawk transaction makes sense for the industry and our customers as well. I strongly believe that we are the best stewards of these assets, given our strong culture of safety and our proven track record of operating similar assets efficiently.
To facilitate these growth initiatives, we successfully amended our credit agreement in March 2011. In addition to receiving lenders’ approval for the Seahawk transaction, the amendment provides greater financial flexibility to pursue other growth prospects. This includes a restructuring of the financial covenants and an increase in our investment basket.
Not as apparent in our amendment process is that we completed it at a time when the credit markets were open, business conditions were improved, and the overall sentiment for the health of our company was vastly more positive than they were post Macondo. It gives me comfort to know that senior management and the Board of Directors maintained a clear mindset to not overreact and succumb to market pressures to address our capital structure at arguably the worst time, but rather wait for a more constructive period to access the capital markets.

Closing Thoughts
The last two years have dealt some very serious blows to the drilling industry in general and to our Company specifically. During these difficult times, we proactively took steps to reduce our costs, promote our cause, protect our liquidity, and attain greater financial flexibility. Many of these challenges remain. But, as we move past what we expect is the worst of these business conditions, we have aggressively pursued opportunities to position the Company for growth. With the Discovery Offshore investment and Seahawk transaction, we are able to leverage the significant experience of our people and strong customer relationships, who rank among the top global oil and gas companies, to create real value for our shareholders over the long term.
Whether we are operating in good times or bad, our mission remains the same. We continue to strive to be the preferred provider of injury-free, environmentally sound, reliable and cost-effective services to the oil and gas industry. We will not sacrifice the safety of our employees, the environment, our shareholders or the world class service we strive to provide our customers regardless of the market conditions.
I am extremely grateful to have the support and commitment of our Board of Directors, management team and people of this Company to address every one of the challenges we have faced in the last two years head on. Our ability to overcome these hurdles has truly defined Hercules Offshore as a world class company. On behalf of myself and the management team, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude and appreciation to our shareholders for their continued support and commitment to our Company.
John T. Rynd
Chief Executive Officer and President March 26, 2011
 