To Our Shareholders:
Survival to Success. Those three words effectively describe the difficulties and the growing improvement that Hercules Offshore and the entire offshore drilling industry have experienced over the last three years. Even with our experience in a cyclical industry, the challenges that we have faced over the last three years have been unparalleled, starting with the worst global economic contraction since the Great Depression and followed by the crippling regulatory fallout stemming from the Macondo incident. Through these challenging times, we undertook the difficult strategic task of eliminating costs and rationalizing assets to realign our business with reduced activity levels, all the while continuing to strengthen our safety culture and maintain the quality of service that our customers have come to expect from us. With industry conditions improving in 2011, our focus has shifted from weathering the economic and industry storms faced over the past several years, to capitalizing on future opportunities for growth and long-term value creation. Integral to this shift is the foundation that was established at the start of our company and refined during these past few formidable years, that is: to be responsible stewards of our people, assets, capital and the environment; operate safely and efficiently; and provide world-class customer service.
We believe the turning point in the most recent cycle began in early 2011, when worldwide demand for jackup rigs began to strengthen. As the year progressed, utilization continued to gain momentum in each major operating region, and by year end, global utilization of the marketed jackup fleet had exceeded 90%. Pricing followed this upward trend in demand over the past year, and we continue to see further rate upside as we progress into 2012, buoyed by the robust crude oil prices that drive our customers’ capital spending budgets.
Exemplifying this market upturn was the business environment in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, where rig rates have nearly doubled on certain classes of our jackups since the beginning of 2011. Internationally, we were able to secure consistently higher pricing for our jackups than we originally anticipated at the start of 2011, albeit at rates below the historical peak achieved in 2008. For example, we were able to secure new three year contracts with Saudi Aramco for Hercules 261 and Hercules 262 after ending successful multi-year contracts with the same customer. We also secured solid work for the Hercules 260 in West Africa after it completed its long-term contract in India. We will experience downtime for contract specific upgrade work on several of our international rigs as we prepare the rigs for their new contracts, which we anticipate will impact first half 2012 results. Once these international rigs commence their new contracts, and given our expectation of a firm market in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico throughout the year, the second half of 2012 is shaping up to be an interesting period for our company.
Strategic Growth
As I addressed in last year’s Shareholder Letter, our anticipation of the market improvement led us to take pre-emptive action, starting with our investment in Discovery Offshore S.A. followed by our acquisition of the assets of Seahawk Drilling, Inc. With Discovery Offshore, our aim is long-term value creation and fleet renewal. Our 28% ownership stake in Discovery Offshore exposes the company to one of the highest margin segments of the jackup drilling industry. Upon entry into the market, the Discovery Triumph and Discovery Resilience will be among the most elite jackup drilling rigs in the world. Construction of these rigs at the world-class Keppel FELS shipyard in Singapore is progressing as scheduled, with delivery of the rigs on course for the second and fourth quarters of 2013. Initial discussions with potential customers have been positive and confirm our belief that there will be strong demand for these assets into the foreseeable future. Importantly, our ownership was prudently achieved with limited shareholder capital at risk.

The impetus for the Seahawk Drilling asset acquisition was the opportunity to solidify our leading position in the Gulf of Mexico at a time when we believed market conditions were near a cyclical bottom. Since the closing of the acquisition in April 2011, the integration of people and assets has been seamless, cost synergies were quickly realized and market demand has improved more rapidly than we had previously expected. Furthermore, the proceeds from the sale of non-performing assets, which were above our initial expectations, have effectively reduced our already attractive purchase price. The addition of these rigs has allowed us to offer our customers a more diverse and capable fleet to meet their drilling requirements. This added scale and diversity came with minimal overhead, and at a period when U.S. offshore drilling is experiencing a solid rebound.
While each transaction possesses different characteristics, they both are consistent with our strategic mission: optimize and diversify our fleet, build upon our leading positions and leverage our core competencies in shallow water services. These transactions also show the creativity, determination and quality of the people in our organization.
2011 Operating Highlights
In addition to achieving these key growth initiatives, 2011 was also a year of many operational accomplishments. In one of our segments, we achieved our long-standing goal to deliver an accident free workplace. We continue to emphasize yearly improvements to our Health, Safety and Environmental results across all of our businesses. When we acquired the Seahawk assets, our U.S. Gulf of Mexico employee base rose by 40%. Melding that many people into a new safety culture and work environment can present a variety of challenges to any organization, but it also provides a learning opportunity for all. Through this process, I am proud to report that our safety performance, as measured by our overall lost time and total recordable incident rates, saw a 20% year-over-year improvement. This achievement marks our fifth consecutive year of improvement and we continue to perform ahead of industry standards.
In the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, the operating environment improved substantially, particularly in the latter half of 2011. Our average dayrates in the fourth quarter of 2011 were up more than 30% from year ago levels. More importantly, most of our higher dayrate contracts are ahead of us in 2012. Further, our backlog has doubled from an average of roughly two months per domestic rig at the beginning of 2011, to well over four months at the start of 2012.
There are several developments over the past few years that converged during 2011 which drove this improvement. After curtailing drilling activity since the 2008 economic downturn and experiencing the normal depletion of their reserve base over time, our domestic customers needed to increase the pace of drilling in order to maintain their production. Operators were motivated by robust prices for crude oil, which led them to shift their activity to target more oil and liquids-rich prospects. Despite the weak price for natural gas, the disparity between crude oil and natural gas prices, and the benefit of having an extensive network of existing pipeline infrastructure, I believe drilling in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico is more attractive today than what many industry pundits give the region credit for. I also suspect that elevated activity levels in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico is partly due to the industry’s ability to adjust to the new regulations and permitting requirements that ensued after the Macondo incident.

For our International Offshore segment, we realized that 2011 would be a transitional year given the completion of several long term contracts that we have benefitted from since 2008. These long-term contracts generated significant and steady cash flow during the past three years. We were fortunate in that some of these contracts matured later in the year, as the global jackup market strengthened. This helped us to successfully secure follow-on work for most of our international rigs, including the re-contracting of the Hercules 261 and Hercules 262 to Saudi Aramco. The Aramco contracts extend over the next three-years at attractive market rates, which I also attribute to our strong relationship and past performance with this key international customer.
We have made significant progress on our asset divestiture program. Since the beginning of 2011, we have sold 12 cold-stacked or retired drilling units and our Delta Towing segment. In addition to generating over $80 million of cash proceeds, and over $130 million in total over the past three years, these divestitures allowed us to reduce our cost structure, reduce our potential liability and remove idle capacity from the industry. We will continue to pursue opportunities to rationalize our non-operating asset base where appropriate.
I would be remiss to not mention the operational challenges encountered over the past six months, starting with the leg damage on the Hercules 185 in September 2011. We acted quickly to secure the rig, assess the damage, and devise a plan for repair. Through the extended downtime, we have diligently kept the customer apprised of our progress and the condition of the rig, and I am pleased to see the Hercules 185 is nearing contract recommencement at the time of this letter. In October 2011, one of our liftboats in the U.S., the Starfish, capsized following the sudden touchdown of multiple waterspouts around the vessel. This was followed by an incident in January 2012 on the Mako, one of our liftboats in West Africa. While in support service for a third-party drilling contractor, the Mako was engulfed in a fire that originated from the third-party rig. Such events are never a highlight, but they show the importance of safety training and our commitment to industry best practices. The situations on both the Starfish and Mako had the potential to be tragic. However, through the quick, thoughtful and heroic actions taken by our offshore captains and crews, everyone aboard made it off both vessels safely with only a few minor injuries.
The Path for Success in 2012 and Beyond
Survival to success. That has been the driver behind all of the difficult, but necessary, measures that we have undertaken over the past three years in order to move from surviving the industry downturn to positioning our company to capitalize when market conditions improve. The domestic drilling market appears to be poised for a solid 2012, which should benefit our U.S. marketed jackup fleet, and opens the door for potential internal growth opportunities via rig reactivations. The decision to reactivate will be taken with great consideration, as we must balance customer demand, and the sustainability of that demand, with our returns on capital. So long as the market stays firm, the opportunity for rig reactivation is possible, but we will stay disciplined with our approach.
Looking overseas, it is our belief that the improvement in the international jackup markets which began last year will continue through 2012. We are hopeful that this may lead to additional contracting opportunities for some of our idle rigs or our rigs with contracts expiring within the year. Tempering our expectations for the International Offshore segment is the impact from extensive shipyard downtime expected during the first half of 2012.

Discovery Offshore is roughly fifteen months away from taking delivery of the first of two rigs. Construction is progressing as scheduled, and we expected delivery of both rigs within the scheduled timeframe. In terms of our marketing efforts, initial discussions with potential customers have confirmed our belief that there is strong long term demand for these assets. Our challenge, and opportunity, will be to find a suitable home for these rigs with customers that are in need of and willing to pay for the high capabilities that these rigs can deliver. I am confident that we will successfully meet this challenge.
Beyond internal initiatives, there are a number of potential external growth opportunities in the market, both on the drilling and liftboat segments. As with all of our investment decisions, we will be disciplined with our capital, and only pursue opportunities that fit our long term strategic goals and are accretive to shareholder value.
In closing, after managing through some of the toughest years in the offshore services business, as well as challenges unique to our company, we are finally in a position to emerge from these conditions and get back on a growth trajectory. Despite these difficult periods, our mission to be a preferred provider of incident-free, environmentally sound, reliable and cost-effective services to the oil and gas industry holds steadfast. I am grateful to the Board of Directors, management team, employees, customers and stakeholders of Hercules Offshore for their perseverance and support during this period, and am excited for their participation during what I expect will be an exciting time for our industry.
John T. Rynd
Chief Executive Officer and President March 16, 2012
      