   Our world is getting bigger. That is the most succinct way to describe 2007 at Hercules Offshore. Our strategic goals, which we believe will enhance shareholder value, continue to be growth through acquisitions and asset mobilizations, expanding our geographic footprint and maintaining finan- cial discipline.
Growth
The acquisition of TODCO in early July has positioned Hercules Offshore as one of the world’s leading shallow water oilfield services providers, more than doubling the size of our drilling fleet and providing us an entrance into the inland barge drilling business. We are now the world’s fourth largest jackup provider and a market leader in both liftboat services and barge drilling. Our position in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico was enhanced and we will be able to capi- talize on the strengths of each company to accelerate
our expansion into international regions.
In June, we acquired a 200 class liftboat, Black Jack,
from Consolidated Energy Services. Upon completion of an upgrade and refurbishment program in early 2008, Black Jack will be marketed in West Africa, further strengthening our position in this region.
With an asset base that nearly tripled in size and the combined experience of approximately 3,300 employees worldwide, we now have a stronger base in both our domestic and international sectors. The additional capacity, operational flexibility and broadened knowledge base will enable us to better serve our customers and provide value to our shareholders.
Worldwide Presence
Our worldwide presence has grown dramatically since our inception as a U.S. Gulf of Mexico based service provider; we now have operations in nine countries on four conti- nents. With the addition of the former TODCO assets into our fleet, we have been able to further expand our global reach and move into areas such as Malaysia, Angola, Cameroon, Mexico and Trinidad. Our international expan- sion not only provides us with increased revenues due to current demand and higher dayrates, it provides a balance to our operations as well as the potential to increase our contract backlog.
Further increasing both our international diversification and our contract backlog are the two three-year contracts awarded for the Hercules 260 and Hercules 258, both expected to commence operations in India in early to mid 2008. We estimate the combined revenues on these contracts will be in the $265-$275 million range.
Financial Disipline
Maintaining financial discipline is a fundamental part of our business plan. We adhere to strict financial guidelines when evaluating new investments. Our focus is on return- ing long-term value to our shareholders while maintaining a healthy balance sheet.
Since our initial public offering, we have successfully completed 14 acquisitions as a direct result of our ability
to effectively execute such transactions. We will continue to grow our core businesses through acquisitions because
we currently believe this approach will generate higher shareholder returns as recent newbuilds are costly and subject to long lead times and shipyard delays. By bringing existing assets up to par with today’s standards, we are able to meet the needs of our customers and quickly begin generating revenue on the new additions to our fleet.
Our Greatest Assets
Hercules Offshore would not be the world class company
it is today without our highly trained and dedicated employ- ees. The success of our business is a direct result of our ability to meet the needs of our customers while adhering to our goals of providing reliable, cost-effective services and operating in a safe and environmentally sound manner.
Hercules Offshore transitioned from a company of approximately 1,000 employees to a company of approxi- mately 3,300 employees when the TODCO transaction was completed. I am pleased to report that there was very little attrition as a result of the acquisition. The integration of people and best practices from each company was a natural progression. We believe we will continue to see excellence from our employees, and for that, I would like to thank everyone at Hercules Offshore.
Randall D. Stilley
reduction in U.S. Gulf of Mexico supply as jackups move into international areas, is indicative of a recovery in both the supply/demand balance and dayrates.
Early this year, we entered into an agreement to purchase three jackup drilling rigs capable of operating in most non-harsh environment regions around the world. The addition of these rigs into our fleet will substantially increase our contract backlog as we are negotiating long-term international contracts on two of the rigs and marketing the third in a number of international regions. We anticipate closing this acquisition in the second quarter of 2008.
Though our domestic liftboats continue to generate solid cash flow, we are seeing opportunities to mobilize additional vessels to international regions to meet growing demand. Our international liftboats continue to benefit from strong demand and dayrates.
A full year of operations with our unified fleet, the commencement of operations for several units in our international fleet, the reactivation of warm stacked assets, the continued acquisitions and the ability to build backlog with our increasing international presence provides for earnings growth in 2008.
In our short time as a public company, Hercules Offshore has grown from a domestic energy services provider into a world class company with leading market positions in liftboat services, inland barge drilling and jackup drilling. We are now well positioned to take advan- tage of an eventual upturn in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico as well as satisfying incremental demand internationally. On behalf of myself and the Hercules Offshore management team, I would like to extend my appreciation to our share- holders for your continued support.
Randall D. Stilley
Chief Executive Officer and President March 17, 2008
Financial Results
We reported annual revenues of $766.8 million, an increase of 123 percent over the previous year’s $344.3 million.
Net income for 2007 was $136.5 million, or $2.29 diluted earnings per share. Our operating income rose to $231.5 million from $158.1 million in 2006. Our operating days in- creased by 47 percent to 23,435 from 15,938 due largely to our international expansion and the addition of the TODCO assets.
The U.S. Gulf of Mexico jackup region is currently experiencing relatively weak demand and weaker dayrates than a year ago. Therefore, our domestic contract drilling results were not as robust as we would have preferred.
As a proactive measure to an anticipated upturn in that market, we accelerated some planned maintenance
on our idle rigs while reducing our operating costs. Our continued strength and diversity in our domestic liftboat and international drilling and liftboat operations aided in partially offsetting the impact of the softer domestic contract drilling results.
A Look Ahead
We anticipate this year to be dynamic at Hercules Offshore. The recent lease sale and property transfers in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico bode well for activity on the shelf. The average bid per block on the Central Gulf of Mexico Lease Sale 205 was up 25 percent and there have been more than $8 billion in shallow water property transfers over the last couple of years. Our customers appear to be ready to move forward with their drilling projects after spending time in 2007 evaluating prospects and reducing debt. The afore- mentioned factors, coupled with the anticipated continued
  2 Hercules Offshore
2007 Annual Report 3
  