Dear stockholders
First, let me say how confident I am in the future of Hewlett-Packard. We	have strong leadership from the consumer markets
to the commercial, the industry's broadest portfolio, unmatched reach and scale, and an exceptionally talented and committed workforce. I look forward to building on this powerful foundation to maximize the value of HP in the marketplace.
 
The year in review
Throughout fiscal 2011, we exper ienced a number of changes and challenges.

An uncertain macroeconom ic environment, especially in the United States and Europe, resulted in a weak consumer market that persisted throughout the year and a commercial market that started strong but softened as the year progressed.

Additionally, we faced a number of natural disasters, including the tsunami in Japan and flooding in Thailand . At HP, we joined in the global relief efforts, committing money, technology, and expertise to help with the recoveries. Our hearts go out to all those affe cted. At the same time, we are working diligently lo manage our supply chain and inventories to mitigate, as much as possible, any adverse impact to our customers and our businesses.

We also acquired the software company Autonomy lo help position HP as a leader in the future of information management . However, amid a number of strategic announcements and changes, we did not clearly articulate our direction. Our execution during the year proved inconsistent, and we had to manage through a CEO transition.

All of these issues led to a mixed financial performance. While this was certainly not HP's best year, our businesses remain strong and we generated solid cash flow.

In fiscal 2011, HP delivered :
•	Net revenue of $127.2 bill ion, up 1 percent year-ove r-year
•	Cash flow from operations of $12.6 billio n, up 6 percent year-over-year
•	GMP diluted earnings per share of $3.32, down 10 percent year-over-year
•	Non-GMP diluted earnings per share of $4 .88, up 7 percent year-over-yea r*

Early priorities
My initial focus as CEO has been to get HP out of the headlines and back lo being the reliable, trusted company that you can count on. That meant we needed to make a set of decisions to remove any uncertainty surrounding our businesses.

First, we made a decision about the future of our PC business the Perso nal Systems G roup. After announcing that we would a;s e ss a possible separation of the business in August, we conducted a thorough, fact-based analysis that clearly indicated that PSG should remain a part of HP. We can sa y with certainty this is the right answer for customers and stockholders. PSG and HP are truly better togeth er.

Second, we closed the acquisition of Autonomy, a market leader in managing unstructured data . We positioned Autonomy for success within HP by creating a new Information Management business unit that brings together Autonomy, Vertica (another fiscal 2011 acqu isition) , and our existing information management business. This focused organizat ion will accelerate our momentum in this market and bring new capabilities to our customers.
 
By harnessing the power of both the structured information that resides in databases and the unstructured  information like video, texts, and emails that exists in the real world, we are well positioned to define the future of information management .

Third, we met our stated outlook for the fourth quarter. As a management team, we are very focused on delivering consistent financial performance and meeting the public goals we set.

Fourth, we developed a go -forward plan for the webOS software platform. As you may recall, we discontinued our webOS device business in August, but we retained the highly regarded operating system. We subsequently decided to contribute webOS to the open source community. HP plans to continue to be active in the development and support of webOS. By combining the innovative webOS platform with the development power of the open source community, there is the opportunity to significantly improve applications and web services for the next generation of devices.

What is HP?
Over the past few months as I met with customers, pa rtners, and employees, one question kept being asked . What is HP? Our answ er:

HP is the world 's largest provider of info rmation technology infrastructure, software , services, and solutions lo individuals and organizations of all sizes.  That's  what we are and we are proud of it. It's straightforward and clear.

At the core of HP are our infrastructure products. Represen ting about 70 percent of our revenues, this is an area where HP excels. We are the market leader in PCs, industry-standard servers, and imaging and printing, and we are well positioned across key enterprise in frastructure segments. Everything else we do either amplifies or builds on this massive differentiating strength.

On top of our infrastructure products, we layer software. Our software allows us to manage and secure technology environments consisting of our infrastructure as well as others' -something customers really need. Our Autonomy acquisition  also  enables us lo solve a host of new customer problems , which will provide new growth opportunities for HP and our customers. So ftware at HP is about solving customer problems .

Services wrap our core infrastructure and software businesses, and help customers get the most value from HP. Many of our services customers have relationships with HP that have lasted for decades. Services position HP lo do what we do best: act as
a strategic partner to customers by leveraging our full portfolio and making sure that HP technology is meeting their needs.

Finall y, our solut ions make it all work by comb ining our technologies to advance customers' organizational objectives in a holistic and compelling way.

We have packaged our enterprise portfolio into five solutions sets:
•	Converged Infrastructure transforms aging, rigid technology environments into agile infrastructures that can easily scale up or down to meet changing demands.
 


2
 
•	Application Transformation takes applications that were designed and implemented for an old model of technology and modernizes them to meet the needs of today and tomorrow.
•	Enterprise Security protects people and businesses by keeping sensitive information safe from malicious threats.
•	Information Optimization harnesses the power of information in all its forms to drive better insight, foresight, and decision making, as well as better workflow management.
•	Hybrid Delivery delivers our solutions in the way that's best for the customer, be that on-premise, traditional data centers, private cloud, public cloud, or a combination that optimizes performance and cost.
This is who we are. Each piece of the portfolio helps customers turn challenges into opportunitie s, and we bring the pieces together to deliver increased customer value.

Thoughts so far
We have incredible people who are smart, committed to our customers, and passionate about our company. HP has a terrific portfolio-I believe that it is the best in the indu stry. We have market leadership and what we do really matters to our customers. Enterprise customers rely on HP to run the heart of their organizations, and consumers trust us to help manage and deliver the personal information that they depend on.

What we do day in and day out is at the center of our economy and our so ciety. HP helps ensure  credit  card  transactions get processed, cell phone calls get connected, mortgages get underwritten, and medical care gets delivered. And just as
we help make sure British pensioners get paid on time, we have a thousand stories about the difference we make in the world.
It is a great responsibility that we take very seriously. We have
a lot of pride in what we accomplish with our customers, and we look forward to making a difference for them in even more ways.

The road ahead
While I'd like to say that we're through the tough times, many of the fiscal 2011 headwinds are still with us as we enter fiscal 2012, and our near-term focus is on stabilizing the busi ness. I've characterized 2012 as a rebuilding year  in which  we will be doing the hard work that will position us to pursue consistent,
profitable, long-term growth . We expect that focusing on the fundamentals and building a stable platform will drive revenue and earnings growth for years to come.

Over the long term, I expect HP to be a GDP-type growth company that can grow revenue inline with or better than our markets, expand earnings faster than revenue, and produce consistent cash flow. We intend to deploy a balanced capital allocation strategy, investing in our businesses through a combination of capital expenditures and acquisitions, and returning cash to stockholders through a mix of share repurchases and dividends .

I also am a big believer in accountability, so I want to share with you my priorities for 2012.
 
I've already discussed the importance of restoring our credibility with all of you, and my No. 1 priority is to strengthen our operational discipline and execute consistently, quarter after quarter. Additionally, we are going to focus on the custom er.
We are fixing our sales tools to make it easier for customers to do business with us and help our salespeople  respond  faster to their needs. We're going to double down on quality and service delivery, ensuring customers have a great experience from the first time we sit down with them until their solution is up, running, and delivering value. We want to build a better online customer experience for both enterprise customers and consumers. We also are investing in our people to attract, retain, and develop the best talent in the industry. We need the right people in the right jobs at the right time to meet customer needs and deliver results. Finally and importantly, we are going to invest in the innovation that you expect from HP. We increased our R&D spend last year and plan to do so again in
fiscal 2012. We want to deliver products and services that
delight and inspire.

In closing, let me just say that I am optimistic and confident about HP's potential. We  have work to do, but HP has some of the best core franchises in technology. We have a solid earnings and cash flow base. We have customers who want to do more business with us. We have a world-class senior leadership team and employees who want to win.

I look forward to updating all of you on our progress and our performance as the year continues.

Sincerely,





Meg














•	Fiscal year 2011 non-GM   P diluted earnings per share excludes after-tax costs of $1.56 per diluted share related to the wind down of HP's webOS device business, impairment of goodwill and purchased intangible assets, amo  rtization of purchased intangib le assets, restructuring charges and acquisition-related charges. HP's management uses non-GMP diluted earnings per share to evaluate and forecast HP's performance before gains, losses, or other charges that are considered by HP's management to be outside of HP's core business segment operating results. HP believes that presenting non-GMP diluted earnings per share , in addit ion to GMP diluted earnings per share, provides investo rs with greater transparency to th e information used by HP's management in  its financial and operational  decision making. HP further belie ves that providi ng this additional non-GMP information helps investors understand HP's operating performance and evaluate the efficac y of  the methodology  and information used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. This additional non-GM P i nformation is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GMP diluted earnings per share.



3
