Dear Fellow Shareowner, For all the astonishing change that technology has brought to our world, perhaps the most remarkable thing about IT is that most of the innovations we consider routine today weren't possible just five years ago. Every time we perform an act as simple as capturing a digital image, beaming it to a printer and then e-mailing it around the world -- without ever leaving the room -- we are doing something most couldn't imagine a few years ago. Which is why, at HP, we have always believed that optimism is the soul of invention -- and that progress will always be made by those who believe that everything is possible. 2002 Overview For a company that has always defined its aspirations through the hopes and goals of our customers, we also recognize that to help our customers do more, we at HP must constantly challenge ourselves to be more -- and that before we can help create change for others, we must first manage change in our own industry and our own markets. In a year fraught with rising international tensions, corporate scandals and a delayed global economic recovery, 2002 was a year in which HP challenged itself to be much more -- while managing the profound changes that are sweeping through our industry. As a result, we will remember 2002 as a historic year in the life of a historic company. The year began on a tough note. A dramatic slowdown in business investment, compounded by the events of September 11th, continued into 2002. While it's rare for business and consumer IT markets to slow simultaneously, both stalled for the second year in a row. In the midst of all of this market turmoil, HP was caught up in a controversial proxy battle over the direction of its future. At this time, much of the market commentary around our industry centered on cyclical economic challenges. Certainly, the tough economic climate contributed to declining growth rates. But our approach to managing this change began with a strong dose of realism: that the shifts we see today are not being driven by cyclical economics alone. The IT industry is undergoing structural transformation. Enterprise customers are much less interested in what individual products can do, and much more interested in how their entire infrastructure supports, responds to and drives change in their organizations. We are rapidly moving away from the era of pure products toward a new era of interconnected solutions. As a result, the hot box and the killer app are no longer enough. Customers are looking for fewer, more capable technology partners who can deliver more. As technology becomes even more deeply integrated into every facet of home and work, there is a growing recognition that technology is not a silver bullet, but it is serious business at the core of every business. As a result, there is a renewed focus on value. Our conversations with business leaders and CIOs this past year were about redefining the economics of computing infrastructure -- with increasing interest in server and storage consolidation projects and utilitybased computing models that are more efficient and more flexible. Similarly, while consumers

have shown no less an appetite for gadgets -- from digital cameras to home entertainment centers to MP3 players -- they are making it clear that they, too, want value in the way of rewarding experiences, as well as products that work better together and are just plain fun. Businesses and consumers are seeking less complexity, greater manageability and a better return on their technology investments. For all who work to manage this new landscape, these changes in customer requirements are forcing tough questions: What does the future hold for technology companies that specialize in point products when customers want end-to-end, integrated solutions? What happens to companies whose growth depends on proprietary architectures in an era when open, standardsbased architectures give customers the choice, flexibility and cost leverage they want? What does the future hold for tech companies whose business models are tuned to the explosive growth rates of the `90s, when growth isn't expected to climb back into the double digits anytime soon? Where will the innovation in this industry come from as these companies deal with the massive cost structure and strategic shifts these new market dynamics demand? Today, there are fewer and fewer companies in the market with the ability to offer the end-to-end solutions that customers require, and with the resources to continue to invent and invest in the technologies of the future. HP is one of those few companies. In 2002, our approach to managing this profound change focused on substantially improving both our cost structures and our market position. During the first half of fiscal 2002, more than 1,000 HP and Compaq employees collectively spent more than 1 million hours planning the integration of the two companies, including extensive analysis of potential cost savings and the creation of detailed product roadmaps. The rest of the collective workforce stayed focused on serving customers and beating competitors. Despite the continued slowdown in IT spending and the distractions of a difficult proxy contest, HP entered the second half of the fiscal year profitable, with improving cash positions, operationally focused on customers and prepared to execute our integration plans. We improved our market position during the year in vi rtually every category. During the second half of fiscal 2002, thanks in large part to the integration planning efforts, we made fast progress. Originally, we anticipated saving $2.5 billion in fiscal 2004; we now expect to save $3 billion in fiscal 2003. These accelerated savings are the result of reducing redundant staff, achieving greater scale in purchasing and manufacturing, and producing greater operational leverage in running our business. Our aggregate targeted cost savings for the second half of fiscal 2002 were approximately $500 million, and we exceeded our target by 30 percent.

In tough markets, taking costs out of the business not only helps us improve our results in the near-term, but it also gives us tremendous operating leverage and pricing flexibility when demand picks up. One of the toughest aspects of our integration was the reduction of our workforce through a combination of layoffs, early retirements and attrition. Although layoffs are never easy, we worked hard to conduct this process with dignity and compassion, recognizing the many contributions our employees had made during their careers. In fiscal 2002, managing change also meant significantly strengthening our product offerings. We defined product roadmaps and multiyear transition plans and communicated them quickly and clearly to our customers. We introduced more new products than at any other time in HP's history. HP's portfolio now runs from desktop to print shop, from palmtop to NonStop computing systems, from printers that sell for $49.99 to multimillion-dollar commercial printing systems. Based on external market data, we improved our market position during the year in virtually every category in which we compete. We exited the year as a market leader in servers -- Windows ®, UNIX ®, and Linux -- storage, systems management software, workstations, imaging and printing, PDAs and notebooks. We are a market leader in PCs, and among the leaders in IT services. We now have 15,000 sales reps and 65,000 service and support professionals. And we're focusing our services organization on pioneering new methodologies and services in IT consolidation, managing heterogeneous environments, mission-critical services, enterprise Microsoft, on-demand infrastructure solutions and mobile infrastructure. HP is a market leader in customer support services. And in a November 2002 Information Week survey of 700 businesstechnology professionals, HP ranked No.1 in customer satisfaction among outsourcing suppliers. In Q4, we returned to profitability with $390 million in net income on revenue of $18 billion. In imaging and printing -- through a relentless commitment to innovation in product design, manufacturing and business models -- we have become a low-cost provider, while also delivering industry-leading market share, revenue growth and profitability. We're demonstrating that world-class cost structures, coupled with world-class capabilities and invention, do lead to improved market position and top-line growth. Equally important, as a technology company with the word "invent" in our logo, we continued to drive innovation in our business. In the last six months of fiscal 2002 alone, we introduced more than 100 new products and added 1,400 patents, bringing our portfolio to more

than 17,000 patents worldwide. Those patents span every part of the technology puzzle, from print technology to molecular computing. This happens to be the fastest rate of innovation, based on absolute numbers of products introduced and patents generated, in HP's history. In fiscal 2001, HP had a choice: In a rapidly changing market, we could choose to follow the trends in our industry, or we could choose to lead them. We chose to lead. In fiscal 2002, we made great strides in the hard work of integrating two companies. As a result, we enter fiscal 2003 as the No. 1 IT company in the consumer market, No.1 in the small-and-medium-business market and a powerful alternative to IBM in the enterprise market. By challenging ourselves to be more, we are now in a position to deliver much, much more for our customers. By making decisive moves, we end fiscal 2002 as a more capable and more successful company. By working to manage change in our industry, we are better poised to help others manage and create change in theirs. By challenging ourselves to be more -- in a world where technology is more ubiquitous, more promising and driving more change than it ever has before -- we are in a position to reclaim HP's historic role at the very center of our industry: to make more things more possible for our customers, our shareowners and our partners. Our financial performance In many ways, fiscal 2002 was a tale of two halves: one before the close of the acquisition and one afterward, when we executed and reported our financial results as a combined company 1. During the first half, in the midst of a proxy battle, and a dramatic slowdown in business and technology spending, the people of HP stayed focused on customers. Despite top-line weakness in the first half of fiscal 2002, HP, on a standalone basis 1, maintained profitability and improved cash flow from operations as compared to the same period in the prior year. Moving into the second half, while managing a complex integration task, we began to deliver on the promise of the Compaq acquisition, wrapping up the fourth quarter with across-the-board, yearover-year improvements, on a combined company basis, in our cost structure and results while bolstering our competitive position. Revenues grew 9 percent from Q3 to Q4, and gross margins improved in the same period. Operating profit also improved significantly from Q3 to Q4. In fiscal 2002, revenue for HP totaled $72.3 billion, a decline of 11 percent compared to $81.1 billion in fiscal 2001 on a combined company basis. The decrease in revenue was due mainly to the ongoing economic downturn and the competitive pricing environment. On a combined company basis, gross margin improved during fiscal 2002 to close the year at 25.3 percent for the year. The improvement was driven in large part by the successful renegotiation of our procurement and logistics contracts, as well as a shift to higher-margin businesses and products. We also benefited from integrating the two pre-acquisition supply chains and by the consolidation of our service delivery function. Again, it's worth noting that we delivered strong gross margin improvements even as we took targeted price reductions to make our products even more competitive. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2002, we returned to profitability after incurring nearly

$3 billion in significant restructuring and other acquisition-related charges, which led to an overall operating loss of $2.5 billion in the third fiscal quarter. The charges were primarily for eliminating redundant positions and offices around the world, in-process research and development and employee retention bonuses incurred in accordance with the acquisition-integration plans we drew up in the first half of the year. The third quarter was our first opportunity to execute those plans and take the charges on our bottom line, and we did so promptly. Thanks to the hard work of HP employees around the world, our fourth-quarter net earnings were $390 million on revenue of $18 billion, which was up 9 percent from the third quarter. We delivered sequential revenue improvement across all business segments and regions. Overall, the fourth-quarter result was a nearly $900 million improvement in net earnings compared to the combined company's results for the same period a year earlier. As for our four principal business segments, our strong finish in the last quarter of our fiscal year was led by an 18 percent quarter-over-quarter increase in revenue in our Imaging and Printing Group, its best quarter ever in terms of revenue and profit improvement. On the path to returning to profitability, our Enterprise Systems Group (ESG) and our Personal Systems Group (PSG) each reduced its operating loss by more than 50 percent in the fourth quarter from the third quarter -- while ESG's revenue grew more than 8 percent, and PSG's revenue increased by 6 percent in the same period. Despite continued weakness in the IT services market, particularly for consulting and integration, HP Services returned to double-digit profitability levels by Q4. We closed fiscal year 2002 with more than $11 billion in cash and shortterm investments. Our cash flow from operations was strong. All told, we closed the year with a solid balance sheet with more than $11 billion in cash and short-term investments. While revenue on a combined company basis declined in fiscal 2002, our basic view of our business has not changed: We are a growth company and our long-term expectation is that HP and the information technology industry will both expand, albeit at slower rates than during the late `90s. At the same time, during this downturn, we can benefit by taking market share, improving our cost structures and honing our core competencies. When demand returns, we will be even better positioned to take advantage of it. Our strategy to lead Any company working to manage change in this industry today faces many choices, but one primary question: Do you focus your efforts on becoming the end-to-end solutions provider that cus-

tomers want and need, or do you become a smaller, more targeted company, focusing on point products or isolated segments of the larger market? For HP, the choice was clear. Our ambitions have always been as grand as the ambitions of our customers. We've always believed that our company, like our customers, is capable of doing and achieving anything we set our minds to. Today, as a large, complex company with deep roots and big ambitions in both the business and consumer markets -- and as one of the few companies with the reach and resources to invent and invest in the technologies of the future for both -- we intend to lead in both. We are a company of multiple businesses and multiple business models. Our strategy, our commitment and our investments are focused on four fundamental principles: Best return on information technology Customers understand that IT is critical to their success and are demanding that technology deliver more. They want lower acquisition and operational costs; improved productivity; greater flexibility and agility; greater manageability; reduced complexity; real interoperability; and quality, reliability and security. Taken together, they want a better return on their information technology (RoIT) investments. We have one of the broadest portfolios to serve the market. Going forward, our value proposition is clear: We're focusing our energy on reducing the cost and complexity of infrastructure. We're aiming our collective resources and talent at reinventing the IT value proposition for our customers. We will stake our claim on being the company that offers the best RoIT -- enabling customers to cut technology-acquisition costs, achieve measurable improvements in technology operating costs and reap improved business results because their IT infrastructure is better equipped to manage change. We're investing in our ability to create adaptive infrastructures that drive better business results. At the core of this strategy is our investment in servers, storage and OpenView management software -- which serves as the console that lets customers see in one view all of the resources in the IT environment, from end-to-end, inside and outside. In the area of better utilization, we are investing in a range of virtualization products at the server, storage and data-center level. The term "virtualization" refers to both the flexibility as well as the capacity utilization of systems. We are also increasing our lead in modular and standards-based systems because they give our customers choice and flexibility, and thereby improve total cost of ownership. Delivering simple, rewarding experiences for consumers

We are also the world's largest consumer IT company. As technology is woven even more deeply into the fabric of our lives, every consumer will become a user of technology. And while consumers don't measure RoIT on a spreadsheet, they do measure value, by asking two simple questions: Is technology easy to use and does it make a positive difference in my life? HP already makes great consumer products, from printers to handhelds, from cameras to PCs. Today, consumers can easily take a picture with an HP camera and, with virtually no hassle, print that picture on a range of our printers, or e-mail it to friends and family -- a simple, rewarding experience. In fiscal 2002, we introduced a new experience in home entertainment with the launch of the HP Media Center -- a PC-based digital entertainment system that lets people watch DVDs, listen to music, watch TV, and share and manage digital images alongside all the things we traditionally use PCs for -- all in one integrated package. To maintain our lead and competitive position, in addition to innovating in new categories, we need all our products to work better together; to be simple to buy, own and use; and to appeal across a broad range of personal tastes, needs and pocketbooks. Building world-class cost structures across the company Managing change in this new market landscape also means making further progress creating competitive cost structures in all of our businesses, segments and global functions, and we are. World-class cost structures are always important, but particularly when your customers have a singular focus on value and return on investment. In today's world, driving efficiency in a global supply chain is just as important as driving creativity in the marketplace. We face tough competitors in a tough market and we must be able to compete on cost as much as we differentiate on the power of our portfolio. In our go-to-market programs, we will continue to use every available channel. We have one of the broadest portfolios to serve the market, and we believe it's equally important to have the broadest reach into the market. Focusing our innovation Our tradition of innovation is as strong as ever. We are focusing our innovation, our people, our assets and our R&D on the places where we believe we can make a unique contribution and lead -- areas such as systems management, interoperability, and utilization software and services; consumer device connectivity; imaging technologies; computing and grid technologies; mobility; and security and trusted systems. In fiscal 2002, we invested approximately $4 billion on a combined company basis in R&D in such initiatives. We believe it's vitally important to maintain this level of R&D investment to keep the wheels of innovation and invention in motion in our industry. About character and capability At HP, we have always believed that if a company is going to meet any of its objectives, if it is going to prosper and grow, it must make a profit. But we also know that our responsibility to shareowners goes well beyond profits.

These are the same values that have guided this company for more than 60 years. In our words as well as our actions, we have always worked to achieve what we know to be true: that management serves at the pleasure and for the benefit of our shareowners, our customers and our employees -- and not the other way around. In light of the corporate abuses we have seen in the past year, we believe that all corporations have a unique responsibility to help restore faith in the American economy, to take ownership of the problem and to lead by example at our own companies by remembering the fundamentals. Those fundamentals embrace the idea that management should manage the company and not manage the share price; that management means balancing short-term returns with long-term investment; that a CEO must think of a decade, not simply a quarter; that profit, cash flow and balance sheets matter; and that trust, integrity, responsibility, accountability and honesty matter. Those fundamentals continue to guide HP every day as we work to achieve profitability, meet integration targets, uphold the highest standards of corporate governance, manage the balance sheet and present ourselves to the public. I've often said that it's important not only what HP does, but also how we do it. Our competitive advantage and our reputation have as much to do with our character as with our capability. This commitment to both character and capability is reflected in our corporate objectives and our values. Our corporate objectives -- customer loyalty, profit, market leadership, growth, employee commitment, leadership capability and global citizenship -- are enduring principles. They're a touchstone that reminds us of why we're in business. They inform all our actions as a company, and will do so for years to come. And, of course, our values are timeless: passion for customers, trust and respect, teamwork, speed and agility, achievement and contribution, uncompromising integrity, and meaningful innovation. With the exception of speed and agility -- which were added to reflect the realities of today's marketplace -- these are the same values that have guided this company for more than 60 years. With that in mind, we are committed to being recognized once more among the world's best places to work. For many years, based on revolutionary workplace policies such as flextime and job sharing, HP was consistently rated among the best companies for which to work. In fact, before 2002, HP had been included on Fortune magazine's list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" every year since its inception. Fortune requires a "sitting out" period when a company adds

more than 25 percent to its workforce due to a merger or acquisition, so we weren't on the 2002 list of best companies. However, nothing is more important to our future than a strong, committed, engaged workforce. Through a focused set of initiatives in the areas of workforce development, diversity, the work environment, strategic change and rewards programs, we are striving to put HP at the top of the list of best places to work. Global leadership in a global age We remain steadfast in our commitment to being a good global corporate citizen, including finding new ways to partner with other businesses, governments and non-governmental organizations to drive meaningful progress around the globe and in each community in which we do business. Since our first year in business in 1939, HP has been "giving back" to local communities in the form of significant philanthropic contributions of money and time. Today, being a good corporate citizen means maintaining high standards and setting a good example in areas such as the environment, ethics, labor and human rights. This year, HP worked to pioneer a new model of corporate i nvolvement. During the last couple of years, HP has worked to pioneer a new model of corporate involvement. Rather than simply committing resources -- such as computers or printers -- we are putting some of our best talent in place for up to three years in underserved communities and developing countries. Today HP people are working in communities spanning from East Palo Alto, California, and East Baltimore, Maryland, to Kuppam, India, and Mogalakwena, South Africa, to set goals and create solutions for the challenges each of these communities prioritize. This isn't just about compassion; it's about enlightened self-interest as we reach out to underserved communities. If we look beyond the next quarter or two, particularly for an industry where only 10 percent of the world is in a position to buy our products, we have to acknowledge that many of the ideas and markets of the future will come from the developing world. Our sights set on leadership I want to thank our shareowners for their support during tumultuous times. And I want to thank the employees of HP for their dedication, their willingness to keep at it when the going got tough and their countless hours of work to build an even greater company. The year 2002 represents the culmination of many years of hard work, tough choices and sacrifice -- all with the goal of returning this company to leadership. Managing the change that is transforming our industry -- while pushing ourselves to be more for our customers and our

shareowners -- is a great challenge and a worthy goal. We're proud of our progress, but we know that we have more work to do. Frankly, we won't be satisfied until all of our businesses are strong and growing. We won't be satisfied until we've established HP as the partner of choice for our customers, the investment of choice for shareowners and the workplace of choice for employees. Despite all the challenges and uncertainties of our world in 2002, we believe that there has never been a better, more hopeful time to be part of an industry that is all about progress. Innovations that many thought were impossible just five years ago are today making businesses more productive, consumers more creative, cultures more connected and technology more relevant to every part of our lives. Five years from today, it's a good bet that what seems impossible today will seem routine. But the one thing we know for sure is that such progress will not be made by the cynics and doubters; progress is made by those who believe that everything is possible. It is at this intersection of optimism, pragmatism, achievement and innovation that you will find HP. Sincerely, Carleton S. Fiorina Chairman and Chief Executive Officer January 31, 2003
1

For a description of information included in combined company and standalone results, see page 31 (Financial Highlights endnotes).

