  H&R Block’s corporate offices in Kansas City, Missouri.
Mark A. Ernst, H&R Block chairman, president and chief executive officer, speaks to U.S. tax managers.
LETTER
We’ve completed another successful year at H&R Block, again delivering strong results as measured by traditional financial indicators:
I Revenues, up 12 percent
I Earnings, up 20 percent
I Earnings per share, up 23 percent I Return on equity, 44 percent.
TO SHAREHOLDERS
We face complex challenges as we work to achieve our long-term objectives. But looking forward, we remain committed to our core principles for creating shareholder value:
3–
Over the past five years, we’ve sustained our growth through changing economic climates. We’ve demonstrated the resilience of our mix of businesses, operating under the umbrella of our three brands – H&R Block, Option One and RSM McGladrey.
We invested in the future growth of our businesses when those investments made sense in terms of our strategic objectives. And we returned excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
I We work to continuously make our services more relevant and valuable to clients.
For the past two years, Option One led our growth with outstanding results in revenues and pretax earnings. In 2004, our growth was boosted by revenue and earnings improvements
We operate our businesses with a strategic focus on the long term: long-term relationships with clients, long-term growth in the markets we serve, and long-term returns for shareholders.
in our H&R Block and RSM McGladrey branded businesses. And at the end of the year, our financial condition was as solid as we’ve seen it in many years.
Once again, we generated significant free cash flow, which we deployed in ways that we believe will create long-term value for shareholders.
I We operate our businesses to create unique value for the clients we serve.
This year we increased our dividend for the seventh consecutive year, returning $138 million to shareholders. We repurchased 10.6 million shares for $520 million and decreased the number of shares outstanding from 180 million to 173 million.
I We deploy capital efficiently, increasing earnings while minimizing required capital. I We work to increase long-term shareholder value through the prudent use of our capital.

  Susan Arkuszewski, a tax professional in Brockton, Massachusetts, reads to elementary school children. She was the recipient of a Henry W. Bloch award for outstanding community service in 2003.
 –4
Franz Warren, northeast regional director, H&R Block Financial Advisors, Greenwich, Connecticut.
Tim Witt and Justin Bergen, senior securities analysts, Investment Management department at H&R Block Financial Advisors headquarters in Detroit.
In practice, this approach means we’ll be patient when we believe that selected businesses need time to build a solid foundation for their future growth. And at times, we’ll continue to make investments that we believe will create the greatest value over the long term, even when it appears that the stock market might reward other alternatives more quickly.
Our digital tax solutions business reached critical scale and is now making a meaningful contribution to pretax earnings. We gained share in the online tax solutions market. And we enjoyed our fastest growth in a niche that we believe has great potential – the blended channel that enables clients to do their taxes with a software or online solution and have the option of getting help from a tax professional to answer questions or check their work.
               H&R BLOCK BRANDED BUSINESSES
The U.S. tax business had a year of notable successes, along with some disappointments. Among our achievements, we integrated the operations of 459 former franchise offices into our network of company-owned tax offices. This complex transition, executed very well, contributed to the segment’s 13 percent increase in revenues and 15 percent increase in pretax earnings.
We have a healthy lead in this emerging market. H&R Block is the only company that offers a range of digital tax solutions and also has its own nationwide network of tax offices. Over time, we believe a large number of taxpayers will prefer a blended digital tax solution to a purely digital alternative.
   We saw improved client satisfaction in our tax offices, which indicates we’re making
 CONSOLIDATED REVENUES (in millions)
2000 $2,420.9
2001 $2,965.4
2002 $3,285.7
2003 $3,746.5
2004 $4,205.6

   Sherry Kindred, a tax client, with her daughter Chan Singh, H&R Block tax professional, Jeffery W. Yabuki, executive vice president and chief operating officer, meets with H&R Block associates. Ashleigh at the H&R Block tax office, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
St. Charles, Missouri.
“We’re unique in our ability to empower clients to make decisions to improve their tax and financial lives.”
progress in increasing the value that clients place on our services. More than 215,000 IRA accounts were funded, up more than 70 percent from last year. And nearly half of H&R Block Mortgage clients got their mortgage referral from our other businesses. These trends demonstrate our progress in increasing the relevance of our tax-related advice and associated financial products and services.
season filers, who will take their business to a competitor if there is too long a wait in one of our offices or if a competitor’s office is more conveniently located.
The long-term challenge, however, is more fundamental: to more sharply differentiate the unique value of the H&R Block brand, building on our current strengths while also providing consumers a more compelling value proposition beyond mere convenience.
Without question, our biggest disappointment was the decline in the number of retail tax clients, a 3 percent decrease. The U.S. tax business faces both short-term and long-term challenges.
Our review indicates there are many locations that present growth opportunities – areas where we have many taxpayers who fit our profile of likely clients, but not enough office capacity to give them the convenience of quicker service or a closer location.
While speed of refund is becoming a more widely available service in the industry, we’re unique in our ability to empower clients to make decisions to improve their tax and financial lives.
We’ve known for some time that our success in this market would attract competitors who believe they can duplicate at least part of what we offer our clients, notably speed of refund. Refund speed is of primary importance to early-
In 2005, we plan to open as many as 600 new offices in these areas. (We began the expansion process in 2004, when we opened offices in about 550 Wal-Mart stores.)
We’re the only major company that provides a combination of tax services and financial information and advice, along with related products and services that enable clients to work toward their financial objectives.
In the next several years, we’ll continue to add offices where research indicates we have an opportunity to grow. In the short term, we’ll also continue to refine our marketing strategies and tactics to attract more new clients to our offices.
We’re also unique in our ability to give clients the flexibility to choose from a wide variety of tax solutions: meeting with a tax
5–

  H&R BLOCK – shareholder letter
Chris Garnica, server systems team lead, with Colleen Bell, third-party team lead, and Sid Ellegard, senior network engineer, in the network operations center at Option One Mortgage, Irvine, California.
“Since 1999, we’ve made significant progress with our long-term mission to help clients achieve their financial objectives by serving as their tax and financial partner.”
–6
Option One headquarters, Irvine, California.
professional in an office, using software or online tax products at home, or blending these alternatives.
today’s market by shifting our focus from transaction-based client relationships to more advice-based relationships. We plan to have several thousand tax professional/financial advisor partnerships in 2005. And we now have more than 1,000 tax professionals enrolled in a program to become licensed referral tax professionals.
Since 1999, we’ve made significant progress with our long-term mission to help clients achieve their financial objectives by serving as their tax and financial partner. In 2004, for the first time we began highlighting the advantage of this expanded relationship in our marketing programs. We believe this competitive advantage will become more compelling in years to come as we continue to deepen our capability of delivering on that brand promise.
I am confident we have a strong foundation in place to grow this business in scale and move us forward with H&R Block’s mission to become our clients’ tax and financial partner.
                H&R Block Financial Advisors has been a business on the mend for several years. We saw progress in 2004 with a 14 percent increase in revenues and a $64 million improvement to the bottom line. The organization has modified its business model to match the realities of
Our international tax business contributed a solid year, with important growth initiatives that were internally funded. While this business is fairly small, we see opportunities that bode well for future growth, such as in the United Kingdom, where we are moving forward with a relationship with Barclays Bank.
   CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
before change in accounting principle
(in millions)
2000 $251.9
2001 $276.7
2002 $434.4
2003 $580.1
2004 $704.3

   We’ve believed for some time that our mortgage business is a unique enterprise that has more potential for creating long-term shareholder value than many investors realize.
We manage Option One to optimize cash flow and minimize risk to the balance sheet. Our approach generates substantial free cash flows that we convert to shareholder value in the form of dividends and share repurchases, which enables us to accrue significant value for long-term shareholders.
In 2004, our mortgage segment’s financial results once again showed what an outstanding business we have in Option One, our non-prime mortgage operation. And our retail mortgage business – H&R Block Mortgage – also demonstrated excellent results and strong growth potential.
If you’re an investor with relatively short-term goals, this strategy may not be as satisfying as a spinoff or a sale of this business would be. But the principles that guide our approach to the business keep our focus on creating long-term value.
Marcus S. Alexander, an underwriter with Option One, participates in a company-sponsored community service project, building a house for Habitat for Humanity in Redmond, Washington.
 Bob Dubrish, president and chief executive officer, Option One Mortgage.
Karen Carpenter, an underwriter with Option One, Bellevue, Washington.
H&R Block Mortgage headquarters, Forest Hills, California.
OPTION ONE MORTGAGE
earnings by about $131 million, compared with similar transactions this year that yielded about $41 million.)
7–
              Loan origination increased 40 percent. The segment recorded $678 million in pretax earnings. We increased revenues 10 percent even though the year-over-year comparison was challenging.
Next year brings significant challenges. The expected increase in interest rates will test the quality of our organization and the ability of
    (In 2004, we sold previously securitized residual interests that boosted revenues and
 CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
per diluted share before change in accounting principle
2000 $1.27
2001 $1.49
2002 $2.31
2003 $3.15
2004 $3.90

  –8
Brandon Maves, general services manager, RSM McGladrey Business Services offices, Minneapolis. RSM McGladrey, Minneapolis.
our associates to respond with agility to the rate changes. We expect somewhat lower margins as a result of the interest rate volatility that makes bond investors more cautious. Margins may improve after rates stabilize at a higher level.
demonstrate this business’s enduring value.
Despite these likely fluctuations in the inter- est rate environment, we expect continued growth in mortgage originations. This expected growth is driven primarily by factors that we can manage, such as the number of our account executives, our closing ratios and other controllable drivers.
The business services market for mid-sized companies is an opportunity where we believe we can build a business that creates unique, long-term value for clients and shareholders. Our investments in this area fit in well with our mission and strategy.
RSM MCGLADREY BUSINESS SERVICES
               Our long-term focus on building a strong organization with solid client relationships will be critical to our success. This challenging transitional period – when the wind is in our face, not at our back – will enable us to
In 2004, we got a glimpse of the potential this business promises. Revenues grew 15 percent. Pretax earnings improved by $33 million. This progress was driven by good results in our core tax and accounting business, along with solid growth in our capital markets operation.
RSM McGladrey’s most significant accomplishment of 2004 was further establishing a solid foundation that will sustain future growth. This business is now positioned to make a more meaningful contribution to
 RETURN ON EQUITY
2000 25.1%
2001 29.7%
2002 41.1%
2003 45.2%
2004 43.6%

  Jaana Gray, H&R Block tax professional, Sydney, Australia.
H&R Block’s earnings.
confidence in our ability to serve them well. Our experience in establishing H&R Block as the leading brand in consumer tax services teaches us that nothing is more important than the trust we engender when we help our clients
RSM McGladrey brands.
In a time of transition and change, we realize
VALUES FOR LONG-TERM RELATIONSHIPS
Certainly all of our businesses – in whatever stage of development – face distinct challenges in the coming year. There’s no doubt these challenges will engage our full attention.
achieve a financial goal.
This lesson stands behind our commitment
the importance of remaining true to our values and principles. We’ve consistently taken this approach to the business. We are confident about our prospects for the coming year and appreciate your continued support.
But as we look forward to H&R Block’s fiftieth anniversary in 2005, we remember what we have learned from the company’s history: that the H&R Block brand is a long-term asset of considerable value, and that creating value for each of our brands is a long- term process.
to the core principles that shape our long-term approach to the business, as well as our commitment to our mission and corporate values that govern the company’s relationships with clients, shareholders and its associates – the values of client focus, integrity, excellence, respect for the individual and teamwork.
Mark A. Ernst
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Section Head – H&R BLOCK
 H&R Block tax office, Chicago. Keith Searcy, service center associate, Kansas City, Missouri.
“Our experience in establishing H&R Block as the leading brand in consumer tax services taught us that nothing is more important than the trust we engender when we help our clients achieve a financial goal.”
9–
 There isn’t a line item on our balance sheet that fully captures the value of the H&R Block brand, although by some estimates, it’s the company’s single most valuable asset. This value accrued after long years of working with clients to win their trust and maintain their
These values are a common denominator between and among the company’s three brands. They guide our commitment to expand the relevance of the H&R Block brand and increase the value of the Option One and
