                2 H&R Block
2011 Annual Report
Fellow Shareholders:
 I’m very excited to have the opportunity to lead H&R Block and its employees and franchisees, for many years to come.
I deeply believe in our company, its heritage and its mission, and I hope to help bring it to new heights. My top priority is to create value for H&R Block’s shareholders, our employees, and our clients.
William C. Cobb
President and Chief Executive Officer
Fiscal 2011 was a challenging, yet exciting year for H&R Block. We
entered this tax season following two consecutive years of significant
client and market share losses, a sluggish economy with sustained, high levels of unemployment, and an unpredictable regulatory environment that left us at a competitive disadvantage. Despite these challenges, the organization showed tremendous resilience in achieving its best client growth since 2001. Total worldwide returns prepared grew nearly 6 percent to 241⁄2 million. In the U.S., total returns were up 61⁄2 percent, and we grew our U.S. market share by 80 basis points to 16.4 percent.
Although the Board and I were very pleased by the client and market share gains, we recognize the impact our inability to offer refund anticipation loans had on our financial results. Another drag on our results came from RSM McGladrey, where revenue and profitability fell for the second consecutive year. Altogether, our adjusted, non-GAAP net income from continuing operations was essentially flat to last year, and we generated $450 million of free cash flow from operations.
Looking ahead, I see a company with a tremendous amount of opportunity. Having just come
off a very successful tax season, we have a lot of momentum on our side. We have a very strong brand and many assets, including the best tax professionals in the industry, strong leaders in each of our businesses, and the trust of millions of clients. We generate significant amounts of free cash flow and our balance sheet is very strong with low debt. I believe we are very well positioned to thrive in a sea of change and competition, and that there is a lot more value to be had across our four key growth areas: Retail Tax, Digital Tax, International and Financial Services. Here is what is bolstering my confidence:
• Retail Tax: Assisted tax preparation remains very resilient due to the complexity of the U.S.
tax code and the value that tax professionals provide clients. Today, assisted returns represent about 61 percent of total IRS filings, which is exactly the same percentage it was in 2002. Our core retail business is strong and growing stronger as more clients turn to H&R Block. This year, we drove much stronger results than many expected, gaining more than 500,000 clients and 60 basis points of market share. We also showed significant improvement in key leading indicators, including client retention, satisfaction and new client growth. These results were driven by improved execution, client service, and aggressive client acquisition programs, such as Free Federal 1040 EZs and 2nd Looks. I’m particularly excited about the EZ program. Introducing young filers to the benefits of assisted tax preparation is a critical component of our long-term growth strategy, as the majority of these filers migrate to more complex tax returns within two years. Thanks to the program’s success, we now have a solid pipeline of new and younger clients, and the word-of-mouth referrals they generate.

                • Digital Tax: Our digital business is acting as a springboard to a deeper relationship with our existing clients and is opening the door to new ones. I’m pleased that for the first time this year, we fully committed to this space by investing capital to improve our product, our website, and our marketing. With these improvements, we drove significant traffic to our website, and more importantly, we converted that traffic into clients. Our digital client base grew by nearly 800,000 and we gained 90 basis points of market share in online and 60 basis points of share in software. As the digital category continues to grow at the expense of the shrinking pen and paper market, our goal in 2012 is to compete with a vengeance and continue to take share.
• International: Within our growing International tax business, we serve more than 3 million clients in Canada and Australia. Our international revenues have grown at a five-year CAGR of 11 percent to $206 million. I’m excited about our growth prospects in both Canada and Australia, as we have less than 10 percent share in each of these markets. In 2012, we will focus on growing clients and share in both countries, while continuing to explore additional opportunities to further build our global presence.
• Financial Services: H&R Block Bank played a key role in this year’s success and helped mitigate the loss of Refund Anticipation Loans. The bank processed nearly 6 million RACs and approxi- mately 2.3 million Emerald Cards with $8 billion in total deposits. The Emerald Card is a con- venient and low-cost product for our clients. Ultimately, our goal is to significantly expand on the success of the Emerald Card by increasing the number of cards in circulation, the amount of direct deposits, and the frequency of use.
During my first two months as CEO, one of my highlights was the opportunity to spend time with Henry Bloch. Towards the end of one of our conversations he said, “Remember Bill, however you approach it, our clients come first. If we stay focused on them and on preparing error-free returns, we’ll ultimately increase the number of returns we’re a part of. And if we do that, we’ll ultimately increase profitability.” His simple equation will be at the heart of our efforts in 2012.
I want to thank our employees and franchisees for their extraordinary achievements this year. I have been tremendously impressed by the dedication and expertise of our tax professionals and the strong relationships they have with their clients. It’s these relationships that symbolize the resiliency of our great organization and position us well for a bright future.
And finally, thank you for your investment in H&R Block. I value the patience and confidence you’ve shown in us during these challenging economic times. I look forward to sharing a successful journey with you in the years ahead.
Sincerely yours,
William C. Cobb
President & CEO, H&R Block, Inc.
 H&R Block 2011 Annual Report 3
