By Many Measures,
2005 Was a Successful Year.
  MARK ERNST >>>
H&R Block Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Letter to Shareholders >>>
It seems particularly fitting that as H&R Block celebrated its 50th anniversary this year, we also took significant steps that strengthened our leadership position in the income tax services business. Although we faced some challenges in the pursuit of our mission to serve our clients’ financial as well as income tax needs, our associates’ continuing determination to grow the business and their commitment to client service have enabled us to meet these challenges head on. The company has emerged stronger, well positioned for future growth, and with greater confidence than ever before.
Certainly we have much to be proud of this year: s Revenues grew 4%.
s Return on equity was 33.5%.
s Earnings exceeded $635 million.
At the same time, we saw our earnings per share decline slightly by 4 percent to $1.88 per diluted share. This was a result of several factors facing our mortgage and financial advisors businesses, which offset a 4 percent reduction in shares outstanding. However, we ended the year in a strong financial position with modest debt and solid capital levels.
Our approach to running the company remains unchanged. We are committed to building our various
3
Letter to Shareholders

 JEFF YABUKI >>> Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
“We are continually enhancing our value proposition to better serve an increasing number of clients and build our level of sustainable competitive differentiation.”
  DEBT TO CAPITAL*
       44.0%
 40.3%
 35.6%
 31.1%
 32.4%
    2001 2002 2003 2004 2005
*Debt divided by debt plus stockholders’ equity
 4
FIVE-YEAR PERFORMANCE
>>> HRB YEAR-END STOCK PRICE
     $24.91
 $22.56
 $20.06
 $19.31
 $13.75
 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005
Source: Bloomberg
 BILL TRUBECK >>> Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
“Our focus is on building long- term shareholder value.”
 
  businesses for long-term success, to creating unique value for all of our clients, and to prudently using our capital in ways that will create the greatest value for long-term shareholders.
For example, we invested in the largest expansion of H&R Block tax office locations in the company’s history, grew the scale of our Option One and H&R Block Mortgage origination staffs, and improved our ability to provide broad services to our RSM McGladrey clients. We invested in new businesses and built our client service capabilities in ways that measurably enhance the quality of service we provide to our various clients across the organization.
Each of these actions will allow us to be more successful in the future, despite the short-term earnings reductions they may create. We will continue making decisions that we expect will reward shareholders in the long term, while strengthening the unique position we have in those markets in which we participate.
U.S. Tax Retail Expansion
Strengthens Our Leadership Position
Our retail and digital tax businesses met an increasingly competitive environment with conviction, reasserting the leadership that H&R Block has shown over its 50-year history. During the past tax season, we opened more than 600 new company- owned offices, approximately 450 new co-locations with partners such as Wal-Mart and Sears, and supported our franchise community in opening about 150 new offices.
These more than 1,200 new locations contributed to the segment’s 8 percent increase in revenues and 4 percent increase in pretax earnings. Perhaps more
importantly, they helped to reverse a two-year trend of declining client traffic, while also contributing to an increase in overall client satisfaction and client retention.
The retail expansion, while both a challenge to our management resources and a drag on our current year operating earnings, is expected to pay back in the form of greater client growth and profitability for years to come. And, we fully expect to continue our expansion program in fiscal 2006, opening between 500 and 700 new offices to ensure that H&R Block meets our clients’ demands for convenient service with minimal wait times.
In addition to making our service more convenient, we continue to focus on the value we deliver to clients. Our core strategy — to serve as our clients’ tax and financial partner — continues to generate results and show promise for H&R Block’s future.
At the same time that we are re-establishing growth in the retail market, we’re experiencing changes in the software and online tax market. Our revenue and profit growth from digital tax services increased 8 percent and 21 percent, respectively, in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment.
While both our software and online businesses were impacted by aggressive competition, we were encouraged by the growing consumer interest in our services that combine the speed and convenience of digital technology with the expertise and assurance provided by our tax professionals. Integrating these services is a key differentiator, as only H&R Block effectively blends digital and professional assistance services. We are exploring ways to compete more aggressively and leverage this advantage in the 2006 tax season.
 5
Letter to Shareholders

 Actions Taken to Improve
Financial Advisors’ Performance
We are disappointed that H&R Block Financial Advisors did not meet our financial expectations again this year. While revenues increased 4 percent, we saw only a very slight improvement to the pretax loss.
On the positive side, the actions we put in place near the end of the year to improve this business segment’s performance are taking hold. Those actions included restructuring the business and more closely aligning costs with near-term revenue potential.
In addition, we’ve implemented strict financial advisor production standards while also strengthening our programs that build financial advisor/tax professional partnerships. These partnerships provided more than 100,000 direct leads to financial advisors this past tax season, an 82 percent increase over last year. Clients continue to demonstrate a desire to have a financial advisor relationship with H&R Block.
As we continue to focus on attracting and retaining productive advisors, along with the measures mentioned above, we expect this segment’s results must substantially improve in fiscal 2006.
Option One Addresses
A Changing Mortgage Market
For a number of years, we have highlighted Option One’s unique business and outstanding financial results, while at the same time knowing that market dynamics would change and present challenges to this business. We saw that change this year, with revenues declining 6 percent to $1.2 billion and earnings dropping 28 percent to $496.1 million from the previous year. Although the market dynamics generated disappointing financial results, we are still pleased with the way our organization responded to the market challenges.
As short-term interest rates began to rise early in our fiscal year, production volume growth began to slow and industry pricing became very competitive.
We undertook an aggressive expansion in the number of account executives and support staff, which allowed more clients to access Option One’s industry-leading mortgage service quality. In the process, we increased loan production more than 33 percent to $31 billion.
At the same time, we were highly focused on cost management, reducing our cost of originating loans by 47 basis points in the fourth quarter when compared to the same period in the previous year. We expect continued production growth in fiscal 2006 and believe our ongoing efforts can deliver a net cost of origination of 175 to 200 basis points by the end of the fiscal year.
We also began utilizing technology solutions to enhance our competitive position within the market. Our recently introduced prequalification technology will enable Option One to more efficiently serve our growing network of broker clients, while our new automated underwriting process will be implemented in the coming year.
Option One’s mortgage servicing business continues to grow, as we increased the number of loans serviced by more than 34 percent. Likewise, our servicing portfolio saw a healthy increase of 50 percent to $68 billion at year ’s end.
H&R Block Mortgage, our retail mortgage subsidiary, continues to increase the number of loans made to our tax clients, as programs to strengthen the integration between our income tax and mortgage businesses resulted in the largest number of qualified referrals to H&R Block Mortgage in the company’s history. This segment of our mortgage business originated nearly 30 percent more loans this year than last.
Our business and the mortgage industry as a whole have benefited from appreciating home values and historically low interest rates. However, these factors can’t last forever. Undoubtedly, we will face new challenges in the future. The actions that we
 6
Letter to Shareholders

 took during 2005 and will continue to build upon in 2006 have prepared us for the uncertainties of this market. The competence and character demonstrated by our organization represent a unique advantage that we can translate into future shareholder value.
RSM McGladrey Demonstrates Its Potential in 2005
No business better exemplifies why we focus on creating long-term success than RSM McGladrey. For several years, we have been building unique capabilities to serve the needs of midsized companies in the United States. Starting with the development of the nation’s leading accounting organization serving the middle market, we then invested in attractive lines of business that would complement our core client relationships and meet the broader needs of our business clients.
Our approach was slow but steady as we worked to blend the right combination of services that would meet the needs of midsized companies. In 2005, we began to realize the potential of this long-term investment as RSM McGladrey delivered its most successful year ever. Revenues grew nearly 15 percent to $573.3 million, while earnings improved 50 percent to nearly $29 million.
Our core accounting business had a strong year, as demand for our services grew. More importantly, the focus that we place on midmarket clients is allowing us to take advantage of a unique market opportunity.
Equally significant, our leaders are acting on the incredible opportunity that this market offers us. Investments into business development and marketing activities are creating the ability for sustainable growth, even if the current strong demand for our services slows. Investments into emerging businesses such as financial process outsourcing, payroll processing and wealth management have begun to demonstrate the financial promise that we recognized in them when they were started.
In the coming years, we believe RSM McGladrey and its related businesses will become as well known to midsized companies as H&R Block is to consumers. This growing brand recognition, combined with the investments we have made, will enable our shareholders to realize the financial rewards of this emerging leader in the tax, accounting and business services market.
A Proud History and a Bright Future
For some companies, 50 years represents success. For H&R Block, it represents a beginning. Our success, our heritage, the values of our organization, and the strength of our brands and market positions give us the foundation for a very bright future.
Of course, no company flourishes for 50 years without the valuable contribution of many talented individuals. Still, it is rare when one individual has the impact that Director G. Kenneth Baum has had on H&R Block. Kenny will be retiring from the Board this year after serving for 44 years. He has become both the historian of H&R Block’s past and the voice for our future potential. He has personally reflected the integrity of H&R Block as a staunch advocate for good governance, while serving as a highly effective counselor and supporter. I will miss his insight, wit and optimism for what H&R Block can become.
Let me close by thanking our thousands of associates for their many contributions to serving clients with distinction. As shareholders, we are fortunate to have an organization ready to take us into the next 50 years.
MARK A. ERNST
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  CORPORATE VALUES
H&R Block has millions of one-to- one relationships with our clients worldwide. Each relationship is built on a foundation of trust. And those relationships, as well as our day- to-day business decisions, are guided by our corporate values. Our values are fundamental to the promise of the H&R Block brand.
Client Focused > We are passionate about helping clients. Their success is a key measure of our success.
Integrity > We are honest and ethical in everything we do.
Excellence > We take pride in doing our best in everything we do. We embrace change to learn and grow.
Respect > We treat each other with respect and dignity, recog- nizing that innovation springs from unique perspectives.
Teamwork > Everyone’s collabo- ration and full participation make us stronger and allow us to serve clients better.
 7
Letter to Shareholders
