                      LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 The past year marks several important milestones 3 for H&R Block and our efforts to create value for shareholders. Perhaps most important, we sharpened
the focus on our core tax and accounting businesses
and achieved results that clearly demonstrate the strength of our market positions. At the same time, we took concrete steps to differentiate H&R Block in serving clients and to exit businesses that don’t align with creating competitive advantage for our core operations.
A major step toward greater differentiation occurred in May 2006, when we opened H&R Block Bank. We began offering targeted consumer banking services to our tax clients to strengthen our unique market position and build client loyalty. During the past tax season, we restored retail client growth momentum and gained a million clients overall to reach a record 22.9 million served worldwide in Tax Services. Our Consumer Financial Services contributed to profitability, while Business Services (comprising RSM McGladrey)
    MARK A. ERNST :: H&R Block Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   
achieved record revenues and strengthened its market leadership in meeting the accounting, tax and business consulting needs of middle-market companies.
As one of the steps in further focusing H&R Block on our core tax, accounting and related financial services, in April 2007 we announced a transaction to sell Option One Mortgage Corp., marking our exit
4 from the non-prime mortgage industry. We also have exited several smaller businesses that did not offer competitive advantage in our core operations.
Revenues from our continuing operations rose to $4.0 billion in fiscal 2007 from $3.6 billion a year earlier. Net income from continuing operations was up to $374 million from $298 million, and earnings per diluted share increased to $1.15 from 89 cents. (The 2006 results include an after tax charge of $42.5 million, or 13 cents per share, for litigation and associated legal costs.)
We are working to complete the sale of Option One to an affiliate of Cerberus Capital Management, LP and to close H&R Block Mortgage Corp. These two businesses represented most of an $808 million net loss from discontinued operations in fiscal 2007, or $2.48 per diluted share, which led to a consolidated net loss for the year of $434 million, or $1.33 per diluted share.
SOLID PERFORMANCE IN TAX SERVICES
I am pleased to report that 2007 was one of our best tax seasons ever. Tax Services’ revenues increased 10 percent to $2.7 billion, and pretax income from continuing operations advanced by 20 percent to $705 million. Prior year results include a $70 million pretax charge for litigation settlements and legal costs. Among the year’s highlights:
.
in November to better appeal to our “early season” filers;
.We launched a new You Got People advertising and marketing campaign featuring our tax professionals and their expertise;
H&R Block had an excellent tax season operationally in 2007. Our solid performance against strategic growth plans to better position the business for the long term was especially evident in our retail offices during the early season. We had been losing ground over the past few years to competitors selling high- cost pre-season and early season loans to clients focused on getting cash fast. For tax season 2007, we combined the new Instant Money Advance Loan, or IMAL (originated by a third-party bank), with our own bank’s H&R Block Emerald Prepaid MasterCard® to develop a low-cost offering that was right for clients and our company. Our long-term strategy for integrating H&R Block Bank with Tax Services took an important initial step, and, as a result, we have begun to win back and grow our base of early season clients.
Strategic initiatives are under way to further assert H&R Block’s industry leadership and more aggressively compete in each of the four segments of the U.S. tax market (see pages 8 to 19). These initiatives build on our brand and traditional strengths and should help us to return value to shareholders by serving tax clients in new and more tailored ways.
We opened approximately 4,500 U.S. retail offices
 .
We achieved higher client satisfaction scores and
demonstrated once again that clients judge our services to be valuable and fairly priced;
.
of strong client growth, up more than 19 percent due to aggressive marketing, a simplified product lineup and smart pricing; and
.
Our Digital Tax Group posted a second straight year
Our international tax operations delivered a 14 percent gain in pretax earnings from continuing operations in Canada and Australia. (The small U.K. operation is being discontinued.)
With the introduction of the H&R Block Emerald SM
Card , we have a powerful differentiator in serving early season tax clients. It’s a product that clients – many of whom have limited banking relationships – typically use at first to receive either a loan or IRS tax
  
     2
    2
         70
   7
       REVENUE CONTRIBUTION
IN MILLIONS
                               refund, thus avoiding checks and check-cashing fees. The Emerald Card establishes an account for them that offers simple and affordable year-round banking services, including direct deposit of payroll and other funds, ATM withdrawals and the ability to make purchases anywhere MasterCard® is accepted. More than two million Emerald Cards have been issued, helping us improve tax clients’ lives by bringing them into the financial mainstream and at the same time increasing their loyalty and retention for tax services.
H&R Block Bank and the availability of its Emerald Card for funds delivery enabled our industry-leading lower loan pricing. We offered the Emerald Card to clients to receive traditional refund loans (originated by third-party banks) after tax-return preparation as well as their IMAL pre-season and early season loans.
CONSUMER FINANCIAL SERVICES POSTS PROFIT Revenues rose 35 percent to $388 million in 2007 with the inclusion of first-year results for H&R Block
2007
CONTINUIN   OPERATIONS ONL
CONSUMER FINANCIAL SERVICES
BUSINESS SERVICES
TAX SERVICES
CORPORATE & ELIMINATIONS 5
PRETAX INCOME CONTRIBUTION
  IN MILLIONS
              20
          CONTINUIN   OPERATIONS ONL
CONSUMER FINANCIAL SERVICES BUSINESS SERVICES
TAX SERVICES
CORPORATE & ELIMINATIONS
2007
     02

 “The focus and market leadership we have in our core tax and accounting businesses position us well for creating long-term value. H&R Block has the right businesses and strategies in place for the future, along with competitive advantages that enable us to extend our lead.”
VALUE RETURNED TO SHAREHOLDERS
Bank. Pretax income from continuing operations was nearly $20 million compared with a $33 million loss a year earlier. H&R Block Bank and H&R Block Financial Advisors each contributed about equally to the year’s profit improvement.
H&R Block Financial Advisors turned profitable during the year’s second half and exceeded its annual goals by focusing on advisor productivity, annuitized products and programs to control costs and improve efficiencies. Advisor productivity was up 11 percent, reflecting in part the recruitment in recent years of high-productivity advisors, and we exceeded our targets in retaining these new associates.
H&R Block Bank successfully launched not only the Emerald Card, but also two new savings products – the H&R Block Easy IRASM and H&R Block Easy SavingsSM account – that have helped many of our tax clients save for the first time for a better financial future. The bank had $1.5 billion in assets at fiscal year-end, including tax-client Emerald Card and savings account balances and funds held for clients of H&R Block Financial Advisors.
Both businesses differentiate H&R Block from the tax services competition by providing our clients with integrated financial services. A second connection with clients can strengthen our relationship as their financial partner, and we have significantly higher
retention rates for tax clients who fund investment accounts. One of every five current clients of H&R Block Financial Advisors has a relationship with an H&R Block tax professional. Our PreferredPartner Program, linking tax professionals to financial advisors, drives this client acquisition model.
BUSINESS SERVICES FOCUSES ON CORE OFFERINGS Revenue growth continued to be strong in 2007 in the RSM McGladrey core service offerings – accounting, tax, business consulting and wealth management. This lifted total revenues from continuing operations by 13 percent to a record $932 million. The increase includes a full year of operation of American Express Tax and Business Services (Amex TBS), acquired in October 2005. We completed a plan during the year to sell or wind down three small businesses in this segment to sharpen our focus on core operations.
Pretax income from continuing operations declined to $58 million from $71 million, reflecting 2007 off- season expenses for Amex TBS not incurred during the prior year, losses in a portion of the capital markets business now being scaled back, and costs associated with branding initiatives and acquisition efforts.
We progressed significantly on our branding strategy for RSM McGladrey, including development of a new brand mark and advertising. To stimulate revenue growth through brand awareness, we are sponsoring
IN I I NS
                                            6
9
                      72
                    2007
                 SHARE REPURCHASES DIVIDENDS PAID
  
 the PGA McGladrey Team Championship for amateur and professional golfers. We also believe there is more opportunity to deliver shareholder value by improving the efficiency and operating margin of RSM McGladrey’s continuing operations.
::
As I wrote in my letter a year ago, we are focused on enhancing our well-established brand, driving core
business growth and creating long-term value for our shareholders. We had an excellent tax season in 2007,
and we are continuing our strategy and business plans heading into the 2008 season. 7
I want to thank our shareholders for their strong support. I also want to thank the associates of H&R Block, whose drive and determination, as well as innovation and relentless pursuit of excellence in client service, have built the industry-leading positions we enjoy.
The focus and market leadership we have in our core tax and accounting businesses position us well for creating long-term value. H&R Block has the right businesses and strategies in place for the future, along with competitive advantages that enable us to extend our lead. Focus is helping us to identify and implement innovative new ways both to strengthen our company and further shape the competitive landscape. We have the right people and resources as well, and we look forward to sustaining our momentum in 2008 and beyond.
Mark A. Ernst CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
   