                 William C. Cobb
President & CEO, H&R Block, Inc.
 Fellow Shareholders:
Our top goal in fiscal 2012 was to grow clients in both our assisted and digital categories. While we had impressive client and share gains in fiscal 2011, one year does not make a trend. We believed we needed to demonstrate consecutive years of client and share growth to further stabilize our client base and promote long-term growth.
With that in mind, here’s a recap of our performance and some color on the industry:
I First, the total number of returns we prepared in our worldwide markets grew 4.3 percent to a record 25.6 million.
I In the U.S., we served nearly 900,000 additional clients, up 4.2 percent from the prior year. We estimate total returns at the IRS grew about 2 percent and we gained 30 basis points of U.S. share. Industry-wide, approximately 60 percent of Americans chose assisted tax preparation compared to 40 percent who chose to do it themselves. These are essentially the same proportions we’ve seen since the year 2000.
I In the assisted category, we grew clients by about 150,000, or 1 percent. We believe the category grew approximately 60 basis points and that we gained 10 basis points of share. We also showed significant improvement in client satisfaction, which grew about 500 basis points to 87 percent.
I In digital, returns prepared grew by approximately 750,000, or 11 percent. We believe we gained 30 basis points of share in the digital category and 75 basis points of share in the do-it-yourself category. Our net promoter score grew more than 500 basis points and this year’s marketing investment drove an 11 point increase in the awareness of our digital products.
I On the international front, we continued to see solid growth with revenue up 13 percent to $233 million, including 10 percent growth in local currencies.
I And finally, in financial services, we set a record in total Emerald Cards issued, which grew 24 percent to 2.9 million, with $9.5 billion in total deposits.
Altogether, we were very pleased that we grew clients and share for the second consecutive year, especially in light of the competitive environment. We were at a disadvantage since some of our competitors were able to offer refund anticipation loans (RALs). Having a competitive product was important to us because 53 percent of clients in the first half of the season choose a settlement product, compared to 13 percent in the second half. We fought aggressively for each client and invested heavily in marketing and our free refund anticipation check (RAC) promotion, which helped level the playing field. The free RAC promotion also helped us retain early season clients and led to a 24 percent increase in total Emerald Cards issued, which is part of our long-term strategy. We believe the marketing and RAC investments better position us going forward, though they did pressure our fiscal 2012 revenues and earnings.
 2 H&R Block 2012 Annual Report
  
                 After completing my first tax season, I continue to believe that we’re on pace with the long-term strategy we shared at our investor conference last December. I also believe that we have many accomplishments to be proud of. We have the best tax professionals in the industry and our assisted business continues to be very resilient. In digital, we have
a lot of momentum as we’ve now outpaced our two largest competitors for the second consecutive year. In both assisted and digital, our clients are being served better, as evidenced by the significant improvement in our client satisfaction and net promoter scores.
We’ve also made great strides on the innovation front with new products such as BlockLive and our mobile applications, where the user experience is working beyond our expectations. This further solidifies us as the only tax preparation company capable of serving clients Anyway Anywhere Anyhow they choose. And finally, we’ve resolved outstanding litigation and shed non-core assets such as RSM McGladrey and ExpressTax, which should lead to better margins. Today, we’re squarely focused on what we do best—tax preparation.
Going forward, we realize we must generate a better balance of client and earnings growth. We’ve already taken several actions towards that goal:
I After a thorough review, we rationalized our cost structure and identified ways to operate more efficiently. This was an important step in becoming a nimbler, more profitable, and more client-centric company. We expect these actions will add $85 to $100 million of pretax earnings to our bottom line in fiscal 2013.
I Next, we believe RALs will largely lose their importance in the marketplace next tax season. This should create a more level playing field and give us a competitive advantage, as we believe we have the best RAC offering in the market. In light of the improving competitive landscape, we do not expect to continue the free RAC promotion next year, but we have not yet made a decision on the appropriate pricing of RACs.
I Third, International is our fastest growing business, with a five-year compound annual growth rate of
12 percent in revenue. Our brand continues to resonate well abroad and I’m excited that we are launching several offices in India, our fourth international market. India’s current market of 30 to 35 million taxpayers is growing rapidly as the Indian government updates its tax code so that it applies to more of its 1.2 billion citizens. We plan to make prudent investments internationally focused on profitable and sustainable growth.
I Fourth, we’re evaluating opportunities to significantly grow our financial services businesses by expanding on the success of H&R Block Bank’s Emerald suite of products.
I And finally, we’re now undergoing a comprehensive review of our value proposition and pricing across all client segments. The goal is to ensure we continue serving our clients in the most effective manner, while realizing a better balance of client and earnings growth.
Clearly, we’ve made some difficult decisions over the past year, but we believe they’re the right decisions to position us for long-term earnings growth, margin expansion, and improved shareholder returns. We’re excited about the opportunities we have in front of us to continue driving innovation and further improve our execution and client service. The Board and I are also very pleased that our senior management team is now complete. We are confident this is the right team to deliver better value for our clients, shareholders, employees and franchisees.
And finally, I’d like to thank you for your investment in H&R Block. Delivering value to our shareholders remains a top management priority. Since I became CEO in May 2011, we’ve returned $778 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Over that span, we repurchased and retired 12 percent of shares that were outstanding at the end of fiscal 2011 and we increased the annual dividend by 33 percent to 80 cents per share. Altogether,
I believe our actions demonstrate that we have a lot of confidence in our business and that our philosophy on capital allocation is shareholder friendly.
I value the support and confidence you’ve shown during an important time in H&R Block’s history. I look forward to sharing our success with you in the years ahead.
Sincerely yours,
William C. Cobb
President & CEO, H&R Block, Inc.
  Anyway Anywhere Anyhow 3
  