 Fellow Shareholders:
Fiscal year 2017 was a year of positive change for H&R Block.
We promised a very different H&R Block, which is exactly what we delivered. We outlined a comprehensive plan to improve our results through meaningful changes to our business, which included:
Realigning our promotional offerings to drive client volumes,
Bringing innovative solutions to market, designed to leverage our ability to serve clients any way they want to be served, and
Enacting significant cost reduction measures across our business, which allowed us to invest in initiatives and promotional offerings and helped improve our bottom line.
I’m pleased that we delivered on what we promised, significantly improving our client trajectory and delivering substantially better financial results.
In fiscal year 2017,we:
Served 23.0 million clients worldwide,
Generated just over $3.0 billion in revenue,
Improved our EBITDA margin by over 300 basis points, to 29.8%,
Delivered earnings per share of $1.96, our highest level in over a decade, and
Returned $504 million of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and an increased quarterly dividend.
Tax Season 2017
The performance of the U.S. tax industry was unique given that returns declined following
a year with employment growth for only the fourth time in the past 60-plus years. Despite this overall industry decline, H&R Block performed well.
U.S. Assisted
In the Assisted category, we saw a significant improvement over last season, driven by successful promotions and our memorable marketing campaign, Get Your Taxes Won.
We successfully launched Refund Advance, our interest-free, no-fee, early season loan that bridges the gap for clients between the time they file their returns and receive their refunds. This product was especially relevant to those filers who faced delays in receiving their refunds in the early part of the season.
We also re-introduced our Free Federal 1040EZ promotion, another offering that appealed to early-season filers. This successful re-launch was effectively timed, positioning us well against our competitors in what was an extremely competitive season.
Additionally, we enhanced our client service delivery model by redesigning the tax preparation process, centered around our partnership with IBM Watson. We saw noticeable improvements on key client service metrics, as we demonstrated our ability to maximize clients’ refunds in a new and engaging way.
These efforts translated to improved Assisted results as we achieved the highest level of new client growth in years, a two-point improvement in our retention rate, and an increase in our over- all net average charge of approximately 2%.
        H&R BLOCK, INC. 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
 TOM GERKE
Interim President & CEO
   1.
 
   2.
 H&R BLOCK, INC. 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
U.S. DIY
For the DIY category, this was a reset year for us. We realigned our product lineup and pricing to effectively compete in the category and made significant enhancements to our product. We didn’t just want to compete in the category, we wanted to win. And that’s exactly what we did.
We were aggressive in the market with our H&R Block More ZeroSM promotion. This helped drive tax filers to our online product, with new client growth increasing 28% and retention increasing over 350 basis points.
And while H&R Block More ZeroSM helped us increase client volume, so too did the significant improvements we made to our product. Among these improvements were enhanced import capabilities for current year tax forms and prior year tax returns. Our clients can now import their W-2 information by photo capture right from their phone. They can also drag-and-drop prior year returns, which allows them to pre-populate over 90 fields of data in their tax return. By allowing filers to import prior year returns completed by competitors, we’re removing the barrier of switching to H&R Block.
The net result was that we got our DIY business back on track, growing online returns 6.8% and taking market share.
Capital Return
Our strong performance continued beyond our operational results. During fiscal year 2017, we repurchased 14 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $317 million. Additionally, we returned $187 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends. And in June 2017 our Board of Directors approved a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend, to 24 cents per share.
Tax Season 2018 and Beyond
While we are very pleased with our operational and financial results for the year, we are already looking ahead to 2018 and beyond. Our strong performance this year positions us well going into 2018 but we must continue to execute our strategy.
So, what can you expect from H&R Block next year?
We will continue to aggressively pursue an improvement in our client trajectory.
We will continue to invest in innovative solutions designed to leverage our ability to serve our clients any way they want to be served.
And we will continue to improve the value we provide to our clients and we’ll effectively communicate that value.
With this solid foundation, we will ensure a seamless transition to the permanent CEO. The Board is currently conducting its search for the right leader to build on the great momentum we established in fiscal 2017.
We are excited about the plans we have developed for the upcoming tax season and the future of H&R Block and look forward to sharing our success with our shareholders for years to come. Thank you for your investment.
Sincerely yours,
Tom Gerke
Interim President & CEO, H&R Block, Inc.
    