To Our Shareholders
Last year, we reviewed with you our strategy
for profitable growth and our multi-year
process to transform Hillenbrand. As we move
from our 2004 fiscal year and into 2005 our
transformation will continue. Fiscal 2004 was
not a good year fi
nancially for us. However,
we shouldn’t forget the progress we made
on several fronts, including significant new
product introductions and unprecedented
changes made to our portfolio of businesses.
We are committed
to our strategy and to
better financial performance.
Fiscal 2004 Financial Performance
We reported income from continuing operations for the 2004 fi
scal year of $188 million, or $3.00 per
fully diluted share. Consolidated revenues from continuing operations increased to approximately
$1,829 million.
Accomplishments
As we mentioned last year, the key elements of our long-term strategy are to manage the company
for profitable revenue growth, improve asset management, lower our cost structure, manage the
operating companies under a unified corporate structure, and develop management talent throughout
the organization. Many of the accomplishments from the past year support our strategy’s elements.
•
In October 2003, we completed the acquisition of Advanced Respiratory, which gave us access to a
wonderful clinical product. Additionally, we sold Hill-Rom’s medical gas pipeline business to Beacon
Medical Products, LLC. This divestiture marked another step in our efforts to streamline product and
service offerings that did not meet our financial requirements.
•
In February 2004, we completed the acquisitions of Mediq and the remaining 84 percent of
Navicare we did not own. Both acquisitions were intended to expand Hill-Rom’s offerings with an
on-demand medical equipment rental business, and through Navicare, access to technology
allowing hospitals to increase productivity by better managing the flow of patients and equipment
through their facilities.
•
Shortly after completing those acquisitions, we announced the divestiture of Forethought Financial
Services and completed the transaction in July 2004. Forethought is a great company, but it remains
a financial services company that could not aid Hillenbrand’s transformation. Hillenbrand’s future
growth should be driven by organic growth and selective acquisitions in health care, and through
continued profitable organic growth at Batesville Casket. It is for this strategic reason that we sold
Forethought to a company formed by a group of experienced insurance executives.
•
In June, we announced that we had completed the sale of Hill-Rom’s Air-Shields infant care business
to Dräeger Medical, another divestiture intended to streamline and simplify our product offerings.
•
Late in the fourth quarter we announced a $7 million, or $0.08 per fully diluted share restructuring
charge intended to strengthen Hill-Rom’s financial position. The charge will support Hill-Rom’s
growth initiatives, decrease overall costs, and improve Hill-Rom’s European performance.
•
Throughout the year, we made notable progress in supporting our goal of lowering our cost structure
while continuing to strengthen our capital structure. In June, we sold $250 million in senior notes, due
in 2009, with a coupon of 4.5 percent. The proceeds were used, in part, to repay amounts outstanding
under the company’s 365-day revolving credit facility and its three-year revolving credit facility – used
to fund acquisitions. We also completed the open market purchase of approximately $47 million
of longer maturity, high coupon debentures. While resulting in an after-tax charge of $0.06 per fully
diluted share, the purchase made economic sense, as it provides $2.5 million in annual interest
savings and an overall net present value of approximately $26 million. These actions, along with our
successful renegotiation of our $400 million senior credit facility provided us with a strong balance
sheet and solid financial fl
exibility, demonstrated by our year-end cash position of $180 million.
•
During the year, we generated $348 million in cash flow from operations and ended the year with a
25 percent long-term debt to capital ratio giving us flexibility and capacity to invest in new product
development to stimulate organic growth and to acquire assets that fit our strategic needs. Our goal
remains to maintain our current high quality ratings of A+/A2 from Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s
credit rating services.
New Product Development
There is probably no time in the company’s history when we introduced as many new products as we
did in the 2004 fiscal year. Hill-Rom introduced its VersaCare™ bed system in the year, intended to
replace its Advanta™ bed line, which accounted for over $150 million of Hill-Rom’s revenues in fiscal
2003. The VersaCare™ bed system is a full-featured hospital bed designed to help deliver effective
wound therapy and improved patient and caregiver safety in the medium- to high-acuity medical-
surgical environment. In addition, Hill-Rom introduced the CareAssist™ bed line, targeting the low- to
medium-acuity medical-surgical environment. Hill-Rom also launched new updates for its stretchers,
new headwalls and an updated furniture line designed to appeal to interior designers and architects.
In October of 2004, Batesville Casket introduced a new line of caskets, Dimensions™ by Batesville,
in response to the growing girth of the average American. This product offering, while not considered
a bariatric line, allows funeral homes to offer the right sized casket for individuals of larger size. It
includes a full selection of larger-sized burial and cremation caskets including bronze, steel, wood
and cloth-covered models.
Board of Directors
As we remain focused on the opportunities ahead, we are pleased that two additional highly qualified
and independent professionals have agreed to join our Board and that Rolf Classon, retired Chairman
of the Executive Committee of Bayer HealthCare, agreed to become Vice Chairman of Hillenbrand’s
Board of Directors. We are delighted that Rolf has agreed to take on this additional role.
Mark D. Ketchum, retired President, Global Baby and Family Care business unit of the Proctor &
Gamble Company, and Eduardo R. Menascé, President of the Enterprise Solutions Group for Verizon
Communications, joined the Hillenbrand Board in September of 2004. Mr. Ketchum became a member
of the Board’s Compensation and Management Development Committee and its Finance Committee.
Mr. Menascé replaced Ray J. Hillenbrand on the Board’s Audit Committee and on its Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee. Both of these new Board members have diverse backgrounds in
operations, marketing, and finance in today’s highly competitive international environment.
Batesville Casket
The year began on a strong note at Batesville
Casket but as it progressed, the company was faced
with unprecedented commodity pricing pressure
at the same time death care industry volumes were
affected by an historically low death rate in the
U.S. These lower volumes are an industry-wide
phenomenon and management continues to believe
over the long term the death rate in the U.S. will
grow at very modest to flat rates. Most troubling,
however, was the dramatic rise for the price of
commodities, primarily steel, other metals and all
grades of hard woods. The increase in steel pricing
alone during the year represented $12 million in
incremental expense to Batesville Casket. While
the increases put tremendous pressure on margins
in 2004, management has taken steps to offset the
increases through process improvements, sourcing
initiatives and price increases.
As you know, Batesville Casket has developed a
proprietary process to manufacture wood veneer
caskets that are price-advantaged to the customer
and also more environmentally friendly as each
casket uses less wood from each tree. During
the year, the company opened a new plant in
Chihuahua, Mexico to manufacture these products.
Batesville Casket’s wood veneer strategy is very
timely. As solid wood prices continue to climb, these
products will provide high-quality wood casket
alternatives at affordable price points.
So, what will be the focus at Batesville Casket
in 2005? To stimulate limited growth in a difficult
environment, the plan is to focus on service
differentiation – in other words, the goal is to be
easier to do business with. It will continue to extend
product offerings, such as the Dimensions™ by
Batesville line mentioned earlier. Additionally,
the company will continue to focus on low cost
manufacturing and improving internal and customer-
facing processes.
Hill-Rom
At no time in Hill-Rom’s seventy-five year history has the company had a year like it did in 2004. In
addition to divesting businesses with $117 million in 2003 revenues, and acquiring businesses that
provided an additional $156 million in 2004 revenues, with the signifi
cant related integration activities,
the company launched over 10 new products and services that place the company in a much better
competitive position. Importantly, the company continued its multi-year, enterprise-wide implementation
of a new information
management system. While Hill-Rom’s 2004 performance should have been better,
we should not forget the significant changes in structure, and product and service offerings that were
made over the past twelve months.
The industry Hill-Rom serves has become much more competitive than it has been in the past. As
hospitals have become increasingly more capital constrained, competitors are offering more products
at lower prices. At the same time commodity pricing continues to rise. To return to the acceptable
levels of growth and sustained profitability, Hill-Rom’s management
team will be focused in 2005 on stimulating organic growth by investing
in competitive products and services, reviewing alternatives and
aggressively managing to return the European operations to profitability,
and to reducing costs through supply chain initiatives.
We’re confident in both Batesville Casket’s and Hill-Rom’s management
teams’ abilities to manage through their respective challenges. We
strongly believe that we have the strategy and foundation in place to
achieve our goals. There are several enterprise-wide advantages we’ve
built over the years that will help
us succeed where others might fail.
They are our relationships with our customers, our ability to innovate,
our very strong distribution network, and our leadership development programs. We’ve themed
this year’s annual report to reflect these advantages, as we believe they offer a combination of true
competitive advantages that cannot be replicated. We appreciate your support and that of our
customers, vendors, and employees and look forward to the future as we move the enterprise forward.
Ray J. Hillenbrand,
Chairman of the Board
Frederick W. Rockwood,
President and
Chief Executive Officer

