HB2002

TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS
Our businesses delivered strong financial results from operations for the 12 months ended September 30, 2002, as we had forecast last year. Compared with the prior year same period, our revenues from operations increased, our costs were down, our profit margins were up, and our cash flow remained strong. Unfortunately, those strong results from operations were masked by a $250 million fourth quarter 2002 charge related to the settlement of an antitrust lawsuit, along with $57 million of net realized capital losses and impairments recognized during the 12 months ended September 30, 2002 in our Forethought Financial Services business unit's investment portfolio. These two adverse events and other special and unusual items, partially offset by favorable tax adjustments related to the release of $32 million of tax reserves no longer considered necessary, resulted in net income of $44 million and earnings per share of $0.70 on revenues of $2.147 billion for the period. While our reported financial results were disappointing due to those two adverse events, in nearly every other way, our 2002 results represented significant accomplishments and many promises kept. Excluding the impact of the two unfavorable events and other special and unusual items in each year, along with the release of tax reserves, net income for the 12 month period ending September 30, 2002 rose approximately 25 percent, to $214 million, compared with net income of $171 million during the comparable period in 2001. Consolidated revenue increased three percent and consolidated gross margins rose 350 basis points, excluding the special and unusual charges in each period. The prior year results were recast to reflect the change in our fiscal year end to September 30 in 2002. A full review of our financial performance is provided in the included Transition Report on Form 10-K as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We remain excited about future opportunities as we seek to accelerate the creation of shareholder value. As we said a year ago, cost reductions, improved asset utilization, and other elements of our strategy aimed at realizing the full profit potential of our businesses, although vital, were not enough to achieve our stated goals of 15 percent growth annually in earnings and a 10 percent annual increase in revenue. To reach our top-line objective, we must add significant new growing revenue streams. With our existing businesses growing at low-to-medium single-digit rates, through our strategic plans, we continue to pursue growth primarily through acquisitions. Our primary focus on growth opportunities is and will continue to be in health care, where we have strong customer relationships, tremendous infrastructure and expertise, and one of the best names in medical equipment, Hill-Rom. New product development is another area we will focus on in 2003. We will continue to increase our already significant investments focused on accelerating new product development. Also in 2003, we will focus on further enhancing the outstanding customer relationships that have been so important to our prosperity. We believe that no company knows our markets like we do, but that knowledge is useless if we do not use it to add value to every product and service we provide. That is why our companies are committed to helping our customers, and the people who use our products and services, achieve positive outcomes. Another primary focus in 2003 will be the continued drive to realize our full profit potential by continuing to simplify our business processes, reduce costs, further rationalize product lines, improve supplier relationships, and improve asset management. We have chosen Acceleration as a theme for our business in 2003 because it represents the sense of urgency and optimism that we feel as we continue to build Hillenbrand Industries' performance based culture. We are accelerating activity in three areas of particular importance to our future: innovation and quality, customer solutions, and shareholder value. We expect 2003 to be an excellent year for Hillenbrand Industries. We thank all shareholders for their continued trust, and we promise to execute initiatives that produce strong results and increase shareholder value.

Ray J. Hillenbrand Chairman of the Board

Frederick W. Rockwood President and Chief Executive Officer

