Financial Highlights
Hillenbrand Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (Dollars in millions except per share data)

2000 $1,112 984 2,096 116 182 298 (58) 86 $ 154 $ 2.44 $ .80 19.2% 62,913 18,100 10,800

Fiscal Year 1999 $1,090 957 2,047 55 173 228 (33) 71 $ 124 $ 1.87 $ .78 13.4% 66,296 22,900 10,800

1998 $1,151 850 2,001 81 170 251 42 109 $ 184 $ 2.73 $ .72 20.6% 67,578 24,500 10,400

Percent Change 2000/99 1999/98 2% 3% 2% 111% 5% 31% (76%) 21% 24% 30% 3% N/A (5%) (21%) 0% (5%) 13% 2% (32%) 2% (9%) (179%) (35%) (33%) (32%) 8% N/A (2%) (7%) 4%

Net revenues: Health Care Funeral Services Total net revenues Group operating profit: Health Care (a) Funeral Services (b) Total group operating profit Other items (c) (d) Income taxes Net income Net income per common share Dividends per common share Return on average equity Average shares outstanding (000's) Shareholders Employees

To Our Shareholders, Customers and Associates:

Last year, we reported your company was optimistic and well positioned to capitalize on opportunities emerging from the transitioning health care and funeral services markets. In 2000, our management team and associates began making the changes needed to align our businesses to meet shifting customer needs and market conditions. We are pleased to report our initial efforts are producing positive outcomes. As our realignment continues, our optimism grows. We believe Hillenbrand Industries is just beginning to realize the full potential of our current businesses. Positive Outcomes for 2000. · Consolidated net revenues increased 2% to a record $2.096 billion. In early 2001, we marked our 30th Anniversary as a publicly traded company. We have achieved record revenues each year and increased dividends each year since 1972; · Consolidated gross profit margin was up 6%, illustrating improved operating efficiencies in all our businesses; · Net income increased 24% to $154 million; · Earnings per share increased $0.24 or 11%, before unusual items, compared to 1999; · Hill-Rom's capital product sales were a record $800 million, up 4% from 1999; · Hill-Rom's European business was profitable for the entire year ­ marking a significant turnaround for this unit; · Batesville Casket sales were up 2% to a record $617 million; · Forethought Financial Services revenue increased 3% to a record $367 million.

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (a) Results in 2000, 1999 and 1998 reflect $5 million of unusual income and $25 million and $70 million of unusual charges, respectively. (b) Results in 2000 and 1999 reflect $1 million and $12 million of unusual charges, respectively. (c) Results in 2000 and 1999 reflect $7 million and $1 million of unusual charges, respectively. (d) Results in 1998 reflect a gain of $75 million ($47 million after tax) related to the sale of Medeco Security Locks, Inc. See Note 5 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 46 for more information concerning unusual charges.

Net Revenues
(millions of dollars)
2,500

Net Income
(millions of dollars)
200

Gross Cash Flow
(millions of dollars)
300

Earnings Per Share
(dollars)
3.00

Dividends Per Share
(dollars)
1.00

2,000 150 200 1,500 100 1,000 100 50 500 1.00 .25 .50 2.00 .75

We believe Hillenbrand Industries is just beginning to realize the full potential of our current businesses.

Health Care Group Results. Our Health Care Group, comprised of the Hill-Rom Company, had revenues of $1,112 million, up 2% from 1999. Operating profit increased 111% to $116 million, or 39% to $111 million, excluding unusual charges. The Health Care Group accounted for 53% of our consolidated net revenues.

You will recall, 1999 was a tough year for the health care industry. The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) mandated severe reductions in Medicare funding. Those cuts caused our customers to hold back orders while they assessed the impact of the BBA on their operations and profitability. The good news is in 2000 our acute care customers' profitability improved and they resumed capital equipment purchases after a soft 1999. Their purchases drove our 2000 capital sales revenues to a new record. We saw increased order rates, order backlogs and shipments. In 2001, we see tremendous opportunities for our health care business to realize its full potential and increase shareholder value. Our challenge is to closely analyze each of our health care product lines to eliminate inefficiencies and ensure each is increasing shareholder value and profitably satisfying customers. Funeral Services Group Results. Our Funeral Services Group, consisting of Batesville Casket Company and Forethought Financial Services, achieved record revenues of $984 million, 3% over 1999. Operating profit grew 5% to $182 million.

0 97 98 99 00

0 97 98 99 00

0 97 98 99 00

0 97 98 99 00

0 97 98 99 00

Net revenues have grown at a compounded annual rate of 6% over the past four years.

s excluding unusual items s including unusual items

s excluding unusual items s including unusual items

s excluding unusual items s including unusual items

Excluding unusual items, net income has grown at a compounded annual rate of 4% over the past four years.*

Excluding unusual items, gross cash flow has remained constant on a compounded annual rate over the past four years.**

Excluding unusual items, earnings per share have grown at a compounded annual rate of 7% over the past four years.***

Dividends per share have grown at a compounded annual rate of 7% over the past four years.

* The years 2000, 1999 and 1998 reflect $2 million, $24 million and $42 million of unusual charges, respectively. The year 1998 also reflects income of $47 million relative to the sale of Medeco Security Locks, Inc. ** Hillenbrand Industries has generated nearly $950 million in gross cash flow over the past four years. The year 1998 includes a gain totaling $47 million after tax relative to the sale of Medeco Security Locks, Inc. *** The years 2000, 1999 and 1998 reflect $.03 per share, $.36 per share and $.62 per share of unusual charges, respectively. The year 1998 also includes income of $.70 per share relative to the sale of Medeco Security Locks, Inc. See Note 5 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 46 for more information concerning unusual charges.

10

11

The Funeral Services Group accounted for 47% of Hillenbrand Industries' 2000 consolidated net revenues. Batesville Casket increased unit sales and continued to gain market share. The Options by Batesville cremation division reported revenues and income growth for the seventh consecutive year. Forethought Financial Services increased revenues by growing the number of insurance policies in-force. In 2000, while national funeral service providers struggled with debt, operational expenses and a lower death rate, our funeral services businesses continued to be strong. The market is responding well to our personalized product offerings at Batesville Casket. Rising interest in cremation is driving growth in our Options cremation division. Also, consumers continue to see value in planning funeral services with Forethought® products. Our challenge in this group is to analyze and operate each business to ensure a direct contribution to shareholder value and continued customer satisfaction. A New Mission and Initiatives for Increasing Shareholder Value. We are certainly pleased with our improved financial performance. It provides us a solid operational and financial foundation. Today, our management team and associates are busy using that foundation to increase value for all our stakeholders. While the world celebrated the millennium, we worked hard to realign our organizational structure and increase efficiencies. We spent considerable time reviewing and evolving our corporate mission and initiatives too. Today, we have embraced a new mission focused on realizing the full potential of our current portfolio of businesses, management teams, associates, customer bases, and product lines. Our primary focus is on managing our portfolio of assets to increase shareholder value.

We will continue our efforts to realign and manage our businesses to drive revenue and income growth.

We will continue our efforts to realign and manage our businesses to drive revenue and income growth. Our value creation initiatives, aimed at increasing shareholder value, include: Resource Reallocation ­ Hillenbrand Industries has a broad market presence and strong product lines in both our health care and funeral services businesses. However, we see tremendous opportunities to increase shareholder value by ensuring each product line produces profits that exceed its cost of capital. "Weed and seed" is the approach we will take. We will weed or exit those product lines that are not meeting our expectations. For those that do, we will seed them with reallocated resources so they can realize their full profit potential. New Revenue Initiatives ­ We will also look to create new sources of revenue by maintaining our historical commitment to product innovation, increasing share in profitable markets and targeting new business development opportunities. We are committed to exploring new possibilities for new customer solutions. Initiatives include Forethought.com and Hill-Rom.com, our new business-to-business Web-based efforts. We realize we need to develop new business processes for a new world economy. Meanwhile, we will continue to look for partnerships or licensing agreements that leverage our strong customer relationships, brand names, sales staffs and distribution systems. These agreements can generate new revenue from exciting new technologies. Corporate Center/Portfolio Manager ­ To operate our corporation with a focus on shareholder value, we will change our business structure and culture. Our Corporate Center will become a lean manager of all Hillenbrand Industries' leadership talent and businesses. We will spend our time primarily on becoming a strategic architect of our portfolio of resources ­ businesses, products and people. We will direct our resources to the opportunities that can most increase shareholder value. Without strong leadership talent, we cannot grow our businesses. So we are fine tuning our leadership development, recruiting and succession planning processes to ensure we have the best possible leaders in key positions. We will continually manage our talent portfolio through development and retention strategies. And when we need people with new skill sets, we will go out and get them. We know we need to have the right

Left: Ray Hillenbrand, Chairman of the Board Right: Fred Rockwood, President and Chief Executive Officer

12

13

people, with the right competencies in the right positions at the right time. It is all about streamlining for efficiency, productivity and increasing shareholder value. Combined with our sound financial base, an increasing demand for our products from an aging population, and the dedicated people working at Hillenbrand Industries, we believe these initiatives will increase the value of your investment. Positive Outcomes. Our annual report theme, positive outcomes, reaffirms our commitment to providing value to our customers, associates and shareholders. It also proclaims the greater sense of purpose and pride we share knowing our health care and funeral services products make a significant difference in the lives of millions of people who turn to them for comfort and healing. Leadership Transitions. Gus Hillenbrand preserved, exemplified, enriched, and modernized our centuryold heritage of customer-focused excellence. He also created a culture of continuous improvement that remains an important part of our business processes. Gus retired from the position of chief executive officer in December 2000, after 40 years of leadership. We are grateful to retain his guidance as a member of our board of directors. In January 2001, Daniel A. Hillenbrand, your long-time Chairman of the Board, also announced his retirement. Affiliated with the company his entire life, Dan's contributions were enormous and many. When he began his career in 1946 after returning from World War II, total company sales were $2.6 million and net income was $128 thousand. In 2000, we recorded total revenues of $2.096 billion and net income of $154 million. However, his impact was more than just financial. Dan's drive, demanding work ethic and far-reaching vision set high standards for all. With those attributes, he expanded your corporation from a regional to a national entity while remarkably upholding our commitment to quality and customer service. Also during his tenure, Hillenbrand Industries became a publicly traded corporation. In recognition of his service and contribution to the company, your board named him Chairman Emeritus. We will value his continued counsel. On behalf of all associates and shareholders, we thank both Dan and Gus for their unending drive for excellence, legacy of leadership and faithful friendship. Ray J. Hillenbrand succeeded his Uncle Dan as Chairman of the Board to lead the corporation into a new era of growth. Ray has been a member of the company's board for 31 years since 1970. He was also active in management for 17 years from 1960 to 1977. Among the many positions he held prior to leaving to pursue other business and personal interests were those of Senior Executive Vice President and member of the Office of the President. A Bright Future. We remain optimistic about the tremendous opportunities to produce positive outcomes in health care and funeral services for a new generation of customers, as well as for every stakeholder. We hope you share our enthusiasm. Thank you for your continued support, trust and investment in Hillenbrand Industries.

Our Mission

Hillenbrand Industries is dedicated to managing its portfolio of businesses and other assets to increase shareholder value. Three value creation initiatives will guide us as we pursue our mission. We will grow value by reallocating resources from under-performing assets to ones with greater profit potential. We will grow value by seeking opportunities to generate new revenues through new product innovation and new business development. And, we will grow value by focusing our Corporate Center on strategically building our portfolio of assets while maintaining superior leadership talent throughout our companies.

Ray J. Hillenbrand Chairman of the Board

Frederick W. Rockwood President and Chief Executive Officer
14 15

Reflections From Dan Hillenbrand:
After dedicating my entire career to the continued growth and success of Hillenbrand Industries, in January 2001 I announced my decision to retire as your company's Chairman. I would like to sincerely thank our associates, our customers, the communities where we do business, and our shareholders for the support and trust placed in me for many years. Beginning with my first position in purchasing at Batesville Casket and ending as Chairman of the Board, for more than 50 years my daily focus has been the sound stewardship of Hillenbrand's legacy of quality products, customer satisfaction, employee opportunities, civic responsibility and solid financial management. My career was both a challenging and rewarding responsibility that I was honored to serve. If a man is the sum of his experiences, I am compelled to acknowledge experiences derived from my father, John A. Hillenbrand, the true founder of what is now Hillenbrand Industries. It was upon his work ethic and business successes that we were able to achieve great things. Our dynamic growth is also the result of the dedication and cooperation of my three departed brothers John W., William A. and George C. Hillenbrand. Their input and experience was always valued and appreciated. A fourth generation of leadership continued our corporation's growth. That generation includes my nephews, Gus Hillenbrand, our recently retired CEO and valued board member, and Ray J. Hillenbrand, who has been elected to succeed me as Chairman of the Board. Because of Ray's dedication as both a former management member and current director of Hillenbrand Industries, he is well prepared to be the next steward of our businesses and your investment. Joining Ray is our first non-family president and chief executive officer, Fred Rockwood, who has a compelling vision for increasing shareholder value that I am confident will bring our corporation new levels of success. As Chairman Emeritus, I will remain active on the board and available to serve in any beneficial manner. In closing, I wish to thank my family for their continuous support throughout my career. I am most certainly looking forward to spending more time enjoying and sharing my many interests with them and my loyal friends. Sincerely,

A Message From Gus Hillenbrand:
It has been my privilege to serve as your CEO and I wish to thank you for your past support. Aside from my dedication to my family, for more than 40 years Hillenbrand Industries has been my main passion. Working with the many men and women who have touched our businesses, and my life, has been an enormously rewarding experience. Hillenbrand Industries has great businesses. I have always been proud that the products and services we provide truly comfort people during their times of great need for health care or funeral services. I am equally proud that over the long term we have built innovative businesses that offer the highest standards of quality and service available today. Our company is well positioned for the future. We are the leaders in the markets we serve. We have a solid financial foundation that is strengthening. We are prepared to serve the aging population and capitalize on new opportunities in the health care and funeral services industries. Let me note that I am extremely confident in the leadership of Fred Rockwood and his management team. Fred is an exceptional leader, executive and person. He will preserve our heritage, legacy of achievements, customer focus, and commitment to continuous improvement. More importantly, his mission and initiatives will take our businesses to new heights of success never imagined. Many years ago, I completed my collegiate studies and began to ponder my future. My father, William A. Hillenbrand, founder of Hill-Rom, asked me, "Well Gus, what do you want to be when you grow up again?" That wonderfully strange phrase has stuck with me. It reminds me it is important for businesses and people to change. Change allows us to pursue new and exciting experiences in our world. As I look forward to many new and rewarding experiences in my life, I will always hold dear the memories of building Hillenbrand Industries. Best Regards,

Dan Hillenbrand Chairman Emeritus

Gus Hillenbrand

16

17

