Hill-Rom 2010 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders:
John J. Greisch, President & CEO, Hill-Rom

In the pages of this Annual Report, I am pleased to share with you stories from a few of the people around the world who use our products. We call these stories "Portraits of Innovation." Whether they are facing the personal challenge of living with disease or working to improve the health and safety of patients, these people are the reason we work to improve the health care environment. They are the reason we seek--every day, around the world--to enhance outcomes for patients and their caregivers.
As we begin 2011, Hill-Rom is poised for accelerated growth, global expansion and leadership in innovation. This moment of opportunity in the history of our ven erable company is why I was excited to come on board in January 2010. Since then, we've made a good start in improving our performance, building upon our past and establishing a solid foundation for our future. I am excited about what lies ahead for our patients, customers, employees and shareholders. Over the past months, my attention has been focused first and foremost on building a top-notch leadership team. I could not be more pleased with the talented individuals who now are Hill-Rom's executive officers. They include people new to Hill-Rom, as well as some experienced company veterans. As a group, they offer deep industry knowledge, strong health care background and international experience. This team, which will be key to shaping and guiding our com pany as we grow, gives me great confidence in our future. During the year, we introduced some organizational changes to improve our customer focus, simplify our company, reduce our costs and make Hill-Rom even more customer-friendly. Among other things, we have established a global marketing organization and created an international organization that is regionally coordinated but locally focused. We expect, in the year to come, to continue fine-tuning Hill-Rom's organization so that it serves our patients, our customers, our shareholders and our employees well. When I arrived at Hill-Rom, we sharpened our focus on several key initiatives: driving accelerated revenue growth, expanding our operating margins, increasing our commitment to innovation, leveraging our cost structure and improving our cash flows. I am pleased to report that, throughout 2010, we made solid progress in each of these areas. Despite the economic challenges encountered in many of our markets across the world, we increased our revenues in 2010 by 6 percent, expanded our gross margin 350 basis points to 48.8 percent, increased R&D spending 5 percent to $58.3 million and improved Adjusted Earnings Per Share 49 percent to $1.76 per share. Following a very strong year in 2009, we had another good performance in delivering sustainable operating cash flow during 2010. We also saw strong performance in shareholder value creation as our share price improved 65 percent during 2010. All of us at Hill-Rom are very proud of our accomplishments during 2010.

Page 3

Hill-Rom 2010 Annual Report

Looking at our three commercial operating businesses, we saw improvement in our North America Acute Care capital segment, driven by growth within our Patient Support Systems product category. We offer the most comprehensive portfolio of smart beds and surfaces for hospital customers. From the most sophisticated TotalCare® Connect bed to the entry level CareAssist® bed, all can be connected to the hospital's digital environment. Our comprehensive product portfolio positions us well to respond to market demand as we see the expected improvement in hospital spending on capital equipment, technology and new construction. Our International business had a good year with strong growth in Asia, Latin America and the Middle East. The economy in Europe remains challenging and, as a result, our European business declined slightly during the year. As we look to the years ahead, however, we are excited about the opportunities in international markets as funding for health care and infrastructure investment continues to expand in developing and emerging markets across the world. Our extensive and integrated product portfolio, our ability to develop solutions in locations throughout the world, the addition of experienced international leaders and our renewed emphasis on the strategic growth opportunities in international markets, put us in a great position to meet the growing needs of patients around the world. Our Post Acute business also continues to be strong. We see substantial growth opportunities in many of our global markets as the trend accelerates toward moving more care into extended and home care settings. We are also excited about growth in our respiratory care business, where we provide solutions for patients with cystic fibrosis and other conditions affecting lung clearance.

In addition to accelerating revenue growth in most of our key franchises during 2010, we improved our operating margins with several important enhancements to our supply chain organization. Two of the key initiatives involved increasing the production volumes in our Monterrey, Mexico facility and investing in several automation and process improvement initiatives in our Batesville, Indiana manufacturing facility. We will realize benefits from these investments in 2011, and beyond. During 2010, we also reduced our overhead cost structure across the company. This approach paid off, particularly during the second half of the year. This year we also continued our focus on the lifeblood of our company--developing and introducing differ entiated new products. Some of the more significant ones were: · The AdvantaTM 2 bed for use in medical­surgical areas of hospitals and care facilities · The Hill-Rom® P500 therapy surface with sophisticated treatment features and added versatility that makes it compatible with most flat deck bed systems · The Hill-Rom® 900 bed, for use primarily in Europe, which offers ease of use and efficiency while still providing features that promote safety for nurses and patients · Our award-winning Elements® modular headwall system · The extension of our smart room technology through the NaviCare® Smart HubTM system that provides a choice of solutions to link the smart bed to the Electronic Medical Record on both a wired and a wireless platform · The continued integration of innovative lift products (our Liko business) into our other product offerings · The Hill-Rom® P400 therapy surface for extended care and home care patients.

"Our comprehensive product portfolio positions us well to respond to market demand as we see the expected improvement in hospital spending on capital equipment, technology and new construction."

Page 4

Hill-Rom 2010 Annual Report

"We have built a seasoned executive team for the future, strengthened our market positions around the world, substantially improved our financial performance and delivered above average shareholder returns."

In addition, we sharpened our focus on respiratory care and patient support technology by expanding our AsiaPacific Innovation Center in Singapore to include two new R&D centers of excellence. Over the past year, I have come to know and be inspired by our employees around the world. They embody commitment and customer focus that, combined with new strategic leadership, will serve us well moving forward. Many of our people have demonstrated this commitment through their volunteer efforts to one of our corporate social responsibility programs, our signature Hospital Beds for HumanityTM program, where we provide refurbished bed frames to underserved health care systems throughout the world. You can read more about this program and some of our other CSR activities later in this book. Looking toward the future, I see many reasons for optimism about Hill-Rom. Despite the uncertainty of health care reform around the world, a few things are clear. First, more people will be gaining access to care, resulting in more need for our products. Second, more access to health care will only exacerbate the already severe nursing shortage. Our offerings that protect caregivers and increase their efficiency will be even more in demand in the years to come. Third, and perhaps most significant, governments the world over are paying more attention to outcomes as they look at reimbursement for products and care. Prevent ing hospital-acquired adverse events-- as we describe it, the focus on safe skin, no falls and clear lungs--has always been at the heart of what we do and is where Hill-Rom excels. In the future, the importance of this for our customers will only increase. We are

well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities, as well as on the growing demand for health care in our global markets. I am proud that we have managed the challenges of 2010 and delivered a strong performance for the year. We have built a seasoned executive team for the future, strengthened our market positions around the world, substantially improved our financial performance and delivered above average shareholder returns. We begin 2011 with strong momentum, which will help us continue to meet the ongoing economic and competitive challenges across the world. This strong foundation will allow us to move forward as we continue to focus on delivering sustainable and improving financial results to create value for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. We are excited about the growth prospects for our company and for the opportunity every day, around the world, to enhance outcomes for our patients and their caregivers. The passion and commitment of our worldwide employees toward this mission is what has enabled us to have such a successful year and also gives us great confidence in our future. Thank you for taking the time to review our "Portraits of Innovation" within this book. These are the stories that inspire each of us every day. Sincerely,

John J. Greisch, President & CEO, Hill-Rom

Page 5

