Dear Fellow Shareholders
Fiscal 2006 was a year of new leadership, fresh ideas, and financial discipline.
We successfully navigated the transition to a new executive team, including a new CEO. Building on the turnaround initiatives of last year, we created a strategy that sets Hill-Rom in a new direction. Both Batesville Casket and Hill-Rom introduced important new products--and Batesville's manufacturing prowess was recognized with two national awards. Hill-Rom entered into a momentous new strategic alliance with Ascension Health to reduce adverse events in hospitals. In 2006, Hillenbrand delivered the highest net income in the company's history. In short, it was a year when we fulfilled our promises and began to build momentum for the future. New energy from a new leader Peter Soderberg became CEO in March, bringing to Hillenbrand his long experience as president and CEO of Welch Allyn, a leading global manufacturer of medical devices. A Hillenbrand board member since 2002, he succeeded Rolf Classon, who had been interim CEO since May 2005 and now continues as chairman of the board. Before joining Welch Allyn, Peter was president of Johnson & Johnson Health Management from 1989 to 1993. His career with J&J began in 1968; over the years he held many operations, marketing, and senior management positions. Peter learned consumer product marketing at J&J, including an assignment overseeing most of the consumer brands for the company in Australia. An engineering graduate of Yale University, Peter serves on several corporate and industry boards in health care and medical devices. Peter is already tapping into his interest in building strong brands and solid organizations in his new position at Hillenbrand. He believes in putting customers first, in driving innovation, in instilling ownership and accountability, and in growing at a superior rate. All these commitments are now felt throughout the business. New strategic focus for Hill-Rom Last year we reported on Rolf's creation of a simplified organizational structure, bringing together the management of Hillenbrand and Hill-Rom. He also moved us toward becoming a more customer-centered organization by realigning our sales, rental, and service organizations. These changes are already paying off through cost improvements across the company and a more robust new product pipeline. This year we took the next step: To unlock our potential through the development of a new strategy for Hill-Rom. Working together with the Board, Peter initiated this effort almost as soon as he arrived, moved by the need to step back and answer some basic questions, and then to look for opportunities. By comparing the business today with the marketplace and applying share, revenue, and trend data, the strategy team quickly saw a very clear picture: The potential for growth exists throughout Hill-Rom's businesses. We only need to leverage our people, products, capabilities, and brand in a more effective, focused way. To focus our efforts, we will be governed by the strategy statement you see later in this report. Then we will put six key initiatives in place for 2007-2009, including: 1. Protect our core business. Our vibrant North American acute care capital business represents nearly half of HillRom's revenues. We will continue the new product momentum we have established in 2006, commercializing several new products and extensions of important core products. During the first quarter of 2007, we launched the TotalCare® Bariatric Plus extension and the Affinity® Four birthing bed. Later in the fiscal year, we expect to launch new powered transport technologies and a new therapeutic surface. We will enhance our sales force and strengthen marketing, where we already have made leadership changes. Finally, Hill-Rom is committed to patient safety and the reduction of adverse events associated with patient stays: pressure ulcers; hospital-acquired infections such as ventilator-associated pneumonia; patient falls; and deep vein thrombosis. Our alliance with Ascension Health, described later in this report, is evidence of our commitment to improve patient safety by working together with our customers. 2. Improve gross margins. As part of our global manufacturing strategy, we recently entered into a purchase agreement to acquire a sizeable new manufacturing plant in Mexico, which should enable us to be more competitive in lower-acuity settings and price-sensitive segments. We will also continue to leverage our Suzhou, China, sourcing center, steadily moving direct material spend from the U.S. to Asia. Most importantly, we will change our product architecture to reduce costs by building common modules and deploying them across multiple product platforms. 3. Revitalize the North American rental business. Although our rental business has been a recent disappointment, we believe it is a unique asset that deserves a place in our continuum of care strategy. To improve rental gross margins, we have right-sized the organization, aligned sales incentives, and initiated efforts to improve selling and contracting processes and disciplines and drive increased business. We believe most of the rental billing system and business process issues have been addressed. As a result, we are now turning our attention to increasing the overall efficiency and effectiveness of rental system operations and maximizing its value to the business. We will also innovate and refresh our
Peter H. Soderberg, President and Chief Executive Officer (left) and Rolf A. Classon, Chairman

[2] Hillenbrand 2006 Annual Report

Hillenbrand 2006 Annual Report [3]

Hill-Rom
product fleet, investing $60 million of capital to regain our competitiveness and serve our customers more completely. 4. Develop our post-acute business. We clearly see the potential in the extended care and home care segments as sicker patients move to lower acuity settings. Beginning in 2007, we plan to develop and launch a new portfolio of extended care and home care products. We believe that our extensive service and distribution capabilities will allow us to bypass traditional channels of distribution to reach consumers directly. We can transfer technology and clinical know-how from our acute care business to serve these settings, keeping costs right by leveraging Mexico manufacturing and Suzhou sourcing. We will also consider acquisitions and alliances to accelerate our move, and we will evaluate the opportunity to offer our products directly to consumers and patients. 5. Expand international business. Representing about 16 percent of Hill-Rom's business today, we believe our international business has the potential for double-digit revenue growth. We will move to achieve growth in selected under-served countries in Latin America, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific region. We plan to utilize our Mexico plant to further penetrate emerging markets. We will pursue the medicalized long-term care segment in Europe with products derived from existing platforms. Overall, we will leverage our channel capacity by adapting selected North American products to meet local needs. Some of our growth overseas will be achieved through acquisition. We have recently purchased Medicraft, the leader in acute and post-acute care frames and furniture in Australia. Headquartered in Sydney, family-owned Medicraft is the premier brand in Australia, with sales of $19 million in 2006 and a 28-year history. In addition to using the Medicraft installed base to provide new channels to sell and rent Hill-Rom products along with existing Medicraft offerings, we believe that certain Medicraft products can be adapted for global and price-sensitive bed market segments. 6. Grow entrepreneurial units. Hill-Rom's three entrepreneurial units include Workflow Information Technology Solutions, The VestTM airway clearance system, and Allen Medical, which provides patient positioning technologies for the operating room. These three units accounted for approximately $160 million in revenue in fiscal 2006. We want to grow them to $250 million within three years. With their cultures of innovation, focused new leadership, and sound strategies, this goal is well within their reach. Ascension Health alliance We believe that improving clinical outcomes is best achieved by combining technologies, people and processes through close alliances with our customers, and jointly developed training tools and protocols. Our commitment is evidenced by the execution of a five-year strategic alliance with Ascension Health, the nation's largest Catholic and nonprofit heath system. The relationship began in 2004 with a pilot study to reduce pressure ulcers. The study combined Hill-Rom's VersaCare® and TotalCare® beds, several kinds of surfaces, and consistent processes and protocols. In just 18 months, a dramatic reduction in pressure ulcers occurred in the beta sites. Encouraged by this success, Hill-Rom and Ascension Health entered into a fiveyear agreement to study the reduction of ventilator-associated pneumonia and patient falls, along with pressure ulcers. We are proud of the trust Ascension Health has placed in us, and we are inspired to see what can happen when a health care provider and a medical device manufacturer work together for the benefit of patient care. We look forward to reporting more positive outcomes as this alliance develops. New product introductions for Hill-Rom We reported last year that we were concentrating our new product development on fewer projects to unleash new product flow. This year we saw the results of this emphasis. Through
The bed frame, surface and the fabrics that support the patient, as well as bed peripherals and other patient room environmental items.

Our customers are healthcare patients and their caregivers including family members, nursing professionals and facility managers.

The complete spectrum of care­ acute care, extended care and home care in the U.S. and around the globe.

Every day, patients and those who care for them across the global healthcare continuum will look to the people of Hill-Rom first for affordable patient support and related therapy and information platforms that promote safer and more effective patient care.

Wired or wireless connectivity driven by applications and communication hardware and software with real time alerts or post event analysis using IT system interfaces.

Improving patient clinical and economic outcomes by planning, training, best practice protocols, and continuous improvement tools, so as to achieve clinical efficacy and measureable results.

Therapies include wound care, respiratory/pulmonary care, deep vein thrombosis (blood clots) and others that help treat conditions of the horizontal patient.

[4] Hillenbrand 2006 Annual Report

Hillenbrand 2006 Annual Report [5]

Hill-Rom is more than a hospital bed company
We are a medical technology company, with a broad portfolio across the continuum of care. We are well positioned in attractive segments, with capabilities already in place to unlock our value. We have much to build on--and many opportunities.
Customers/ Care Settings Categories/ Lines of Business Patient Support Systems Frames & Surfaces Architectural Products & Furniture Therapy Moveable Medical Equipment Acute Care Post-Acute Care Extended Care Home Care International

the first quarter of 2007, Hill-Rom introduced: · The CareAssist® ES bed, with a strengthened frame and enhanced feature set at a competitive price point; · TotalCare® Bariatric Plus, which can accommodate a 500-pound patient and provide wound and pulmonary therapy; · Latitude®, a new flexible arm system providing patient lighting and services; · A new birthing bed, Affinity® 4;

We are proud of how quickly our efforts have been rewarded. Award-winning year for Batesville Casket Batesville Casket concluded another successful year, delivering positive performance in a highly competitive market, including growth from independent funeral homes. The year was highlighted by two prestigious national manufacturing awards. Our Manchester, Tennessee, manufacturing plant was the national winner of the Manufacturing Excellence Award, presented by the Association for Manufacturing Excellence (AME). Our Batesville, Indiana, plant was named one of the top 10 manufacturing plants in North America for 2006 by IndustryWeek magazine-- particularly notable since this is the first year the Batesville, Indiana, plant has entered the competition for the award. Now in its second year, Batesville's mobile tour center has hosted over 10,000 funeral directors, part of our expanding effort to move closer to our customers. The program earned an award from Event Marketer magazine this year. Long the leader in premium burial and cremation products, Batesville Casket is continuing to expand its reach into other segments. A new line of non-gasketed steel caskets had a very successful launch this year as an expansion of our "high eye appeal" products for families of lesser means. Thanks to the productivity of our Chihuahua, Mexico, plant, sales of our veneer caskets continue to grow. We plan to increase significantly sales of



  , ,

·

·

·

·

NorthStarTM caskets and parts, comprising a differentiated full product line that uses none of the Batesville Casket proprietary features, to independent manufacturers and distributors. New product introductions for Batesville Casket this year included: · The ASYST TM visual merchandising system to help funeral directors present the value of the funeral products and services they provide; · Increased offerings of cremation products; · Addition of new models to the Dimensions® line of larger-sized caskets; · Expansion of the New Classics veneer line; and · Two new models offering the successful MemoryShelfTM personalization feature. Batesville Casket realized all of its fiscal 2006 strategic initiatives: the retention of our largest customers; growth in revenue from independent funeral homes; the consolidation of wood manufacturing; and an increase in revenue through its distributor supply strategy. With respect to retention of our largest customers, Batesville Casket completed renegotiations of new supply agreements with Stewart Enterprises, Carriage Services, and Service Corporation International. SCI is expected to remain our largest customer, buying substantially all of

Rental & Service Solutions

  

· ·

Workflow IT Solutions Therapeutic Solutions

·
Opportunities n Grow Current Share n Large & Unpenetrated n Emerging Growth n Protect

·
Category Growth Rate Trends* · >6%  >0 to 6% Ê <0 to -6% , <-6%

· The FlexFrameTM device, offering prone positioning for surgeons to flex patients' backs during spinal surgery; · New versions of the COMLinx® Nurse Communication Module and NaviCare® Patient Flow System; · AvantGuardTM 800, a new med-surg bed for Europe; · The ClinActiv system, a therapeutic mattress designed to assist in the prevention and treatment of pressure ulcers, launched in our international business; and
TM

Major opportunities for growth
Total Served Market = ~ $6 billion Vibrant $2 billion North American Acute Care Segment

$2 billion* Acute Care

Large and under-penetrated International Segment (Hill-Rom share 10%)

Large and under-penetrated Post Acute Care Segment (Hill-Rom share 4%)

$1.5 billion* International $2 billion* Post Acute $600 million* Other
* Company estimates

· A new line of furniture for our European long-term care customers. The increasing flow of new products represents a promise fulfilled from last year.

High-growth opportunity in our three entreprenurial businesses

Hill-Rom 2006 Sales = $1.3 billion, Hill-Rom share = ~20%

We can further penetrate these segments through focused, rapid execution and allocating capabilities and capital in the right areas. Our six-step strategic plan is designed to unlock our potential in each of these areas.

[6] Hillenbrand 2006 Annual Report

Hillenbrand 2006 Annual Report [7]

Batesville Casket
Our dedication to craftsmanship has made us the industry's premier brand. We continue to lead the way in developing new burial and cremation products and business services.

Our growing relationships with high-quality distributors has added depth and breadth to our business, helping us expand into new channels.

its burial products from Batesville Casket for the foreseeable future. Strategic direction for Batesville Casket As we move forward, protecting and growing our core business will remain our primary strategic focus. To improve sales force effectiveness, we will renew our emphasis on funeral product merchandising. We also plan to grow with regional funeral home consolidators by creating a sales team focused on serving their unique needs. To streamline our processes, we will continue to use Continuous Improvement as a tool to improve quality and productivity and reduce costs. Increased customer focus, a specific initiative last year, will continue as a point of emphasis. Finally, we will continue to pursue strategic acquisitions, as evidenced by our ongoing plans to acquire Yorktowne Casket and our completed acquisition of a small distributor in fiscal 2006. We will also invest in other opportunities beyond what has been considered our "core" business. In addition to increasing the sales of NorthStarTM caskets and parts, we will explore acquisitions or relationships with businesses adjacent to the casket and cremation industries, where we can leverage our strength in manufacturing, distribution, and customer support. People, product, processes One clear theme emerges for us this year: The combination of people, product, and processes is what makes Hillenbrand a

For more than 100 years, we have served licensed funeral directors, providing them with the products and services they need to be successful in a rapidly changing industry.

Provide traditional funeral homes and other independent distributors with innovative and high quality products using the process of lean manufacturing with an extended focus on customer care through our exceptional distribution system.
Our customer care is unparalleled, with an emphasis on anticipating customer needs. More than 5,000 funeral directors participate each year in our visitation and education programs.

With our network of six hubs and 89 service centers, we reach twothirds of our customers with daily or better-than-daily delivery. We achieve over 99 percent on-time, "white glove" delivery.

Our five manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and Mexico are dedicated to continuous improvement. Our workforce is highly skilled and loyal--often, several generations of the same family work side-by-side.

growth story. All three elements are essential to make it possible for us to execute on our unique promises. We see this in our new relationship with Ascension Health, as we synthesize people, processes and technology to reduce adverse events. We see it in our Batesville plants, as people, processes, and products link seamlessly--and win national awards. Examples are threaded everywhere throughout Hillenbrand. Fiscal 2006 was a year of enormous change for Hill-Rom and a year of consistent, evolutionary growth for Batesville Casket. It was a year when we saw clearly what these two operating companies are capable of achieving when we put the people, processes, and products in place to help them reach their goals. As part of our strategic planning process, Hillenbrand's Board of Directors and senior leadership recently evaluated a range of strategic alternatives, with input from financial advisors, Citigroup Corporate and Investment Banking and Goldman Sachs Group. These strategic alternatives included the continuation of Hillenbrand's current operating structure, the sale of one or both of its businesses, returning cash to shareholders through an increase in balance sheet leverage, and the spin-off of or split-off of one of its businesses. Having reviewed and fully endorsed the operating strategies, management and the Board concluded that separating Hillenbrand's current operations into two publicly traded companies merits further, more detailed

consideration as a possible means to position Hillenbrand's market-leading health care and funeral services businesses for sustained growth and value creation. For now, we are proceeding with new energy, new leadership, and a solid roadmap for success. It is time to unlock our potential. The respect that the two of us have for this company and its employees is enormous. We deeply appreciate the confidence the Board has placed in us to take this company in new directions. The theme of this report is "we are more." Already, we are far more than a hospital bed and casket company. This year we saw our potential to become even more--with the help of our Board and our dedicated, talented employees. We look forward to reporting to you on our continuing progress during the coming year.

Rolf A. Classon, Chairman of the Board

Peter H. Soderberg, President and Chief Executive Officer Hillenbrand Industries

[8] Hillenbrand 2006 Annual Report

Hillenbrand 2006 Annual Report [9]

