during the year. While a balanced business model does not ensure a successful year, it does help us avoid large swings in our performance. The recession and rising food prices have made this a difficult time. Many consumers are reducing their grocery bills by buying only items on sale, eating at home more often, buying in bulk, clipping coupons and buying less expensive cuts of meat. Our diversified portfolio of products gives consumers many excellent value propositions to help them save money on their food purchases. We have seen significant sales increases of our core items such as our SPAM family of products, Dinty Moore stew, Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack turkey and Hormel refrigerated entrées and pepperoni, to name a few.

Dear fellow shareholders:
Fiscal 2008 was a challenging year due to volatile input costs and a slowing economy. The strength of our balance sheet and the diversity of our product portfolio allowed us to continue to build our portfolio of strong brands and value-added products even during the downturn. All five segments reported top-line growth and four out of the five segments reported operating profit growth, compared with the prior year.
Each of our operating segments was confronted with rising input costs, including higher grain and fuel costs in our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment and double-digit increases in beef, chicken and packaging costs in our Grocery Products segment. In spite of these challenges, our bottom-line results would have improved from a year ago were it not for a significant loss in our rabbi trust due to stock market declines. The rabbi trust was established in 2003 to fund certain supplemental executive retirement and deferred income plans. The trust assets are invested in equity and income securities and generally track the markets. They are categorized as trading securities; thus, we include gains and losses in our quarterly earnings at the current market value.

Balance sheet and cash flow
Our strong balance sheet and cash flow put us in an enviable position within our industry, as it allowed us to withstand commodity cost inflation and changing market conditions in 2008. We continue to build a strong foundation through investments in our brands, product quality, innovation and food safety.

Jeffrey M. Ettinger Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Innovation
Innovation continues to be a top priority at Hormel Foods. It is fundamental to improving margins by creating value in the marketplace. We remain on track to meet our new goal of $2 billion in sales of new products by 2012 from items introduced since 2000. Our dedicated new product development team and our understanding of consumer and customer needs position us to maintain our industry leadership in innovative

Balanced model
Our diversified product portfolio again provided us with balance to help weather the difficult market conditions
creating value 02

protein products. Early in 2008, we launched the green label Hormel Compleats microwave meals, which meet government requirements to make a health claim including such criteria as fat, calories, fiber and sodium. Other new products introduced during the past year include Dinty Moore Big Bowls, Hormel Natural Choice pepperoni and salami and Austin Blues pulled chicken.

2008 operating highlights
During these recessionary times, consumers want value. They also want a trusted brand they know will deliver consistent quality. It is no wonder our Grocery Products group saw continued sales growth of our SPAM family of products, Hormel chili and Dinty Moore stew, among others. Our Refrigerated Foods group had another strong year in 2008, posting growth in both sales and earnings. Our value-added product sales continued to expand during the year, building a solid foundation for the future. Success stories during 2008 included Hormel Natural Choice sandwich meat and deli items, Hormel refrigerated entrées, Hormel party trays and Hormel pepperoni.

Despite a weak operating environment, our foodservice business unit delivered a solid year, driven by products such as Bread Ready presliced meats, Austin Blues barbeque and Café H ethnic meats. In general, the foodservice business and the casual dining segment in particular, have been hit hard by the recession. Our direct sales force allows us to work directly with operators to find the optimum product mix to distinguish themselves among their competitors. Now more than ever, we believe our value-added products can help operators drive cost out of their operations and remain competitive as we provide them with presliced, presmoked and preportioned items. Jennie-O Turkey Store faced another difficult year due to higher feed costs and lower breast meat prices resulting from an industry-wide oversupply of turkeys. Decreased egg sets and poult placements bode well for a rebalancing of supply and demand, which should allow Jennie-O Turkey Store to return to more normal levels of profitability by the second half of fiscal 2009. In the meantime, increased sales of retail value-added products such as Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray

pack and frozen turkey burgers kept Jennie-O Turkey Store profitable, despite the aforementioned conditions. The Specialty Foods segment delivered a very strong year with double-digit growth of both the top and bottom line. All three business units (Century Foods International, Diamond Crystal Brands and Specialty Products) contributed to the strong year. Their strong finish gives them good momentum going forward. Our International group delivered both double-digit top and bottom line growth from strong exports of the SPAM family of products and fresh pork. We continue to expand both the number of products sold internationally and the geographic scope of our sales.

Acquisitions/investments
We acquired Boca Grande Foods, a manufacturer of liquid portion products. This operation fits well with and will strengthen our Diamond Crystal Brands foodservice offerings. Construction of our new Dubuque, Iowa, production facility is on schedule. This facility will give us additional manufacturing capacity for both our microwavable and canned products.

Net Sales
(billions $) CAGR 9.0%
$6.8 6.0

Net Earnings
(millions $) CAGR 5.1%

Diluted Earnings Per Share (dollars) CAGR 5.6%
$2.08

Annual Dividend
(dollars) CAGR 13.2%

300

$285.5

2.0

0.8

$0.74

4.5

225

1.5

0.6

3.0

1.5

150 production note: when approved, dotted bars have to be redrawn 75 separate lines -- into sides and tops 0 04 05 06 07 08 04 05 06 07 08

1.0 production note: when approved, dotted bars have to be redrawn 0.5 separate lines -- into sides and tops 0 04 05 06 07 08

0.4 production note: when approved, dotted bars have to be redrawn 0.2 separate lines -- into sides and tops 0 04 05 06 07 08

0

Hormel Foods 2008 Annual Report

produc when a bars ha 03 into se sides a

Share repurchase/dividends
Last year, we increased our dividend rate 23 percent. This year, we are increasing the dividend two cents per share to $.76 per share, which will make 43 consecutive years of increased dividends to our shareholders. We repurchased $70 million of shares during the year, and currently have 2.3 million shares remaining to be purchased from the 10 million share authorization currently in place. In light of the tighter capital markets, we will prudently manage our cash with a focus on investments to grow our business, while continuing to increase the return of cash to our shareholders.

of Austin are unrivaled. His leadership contributed to the company's record of success and ensures the company will continue on this path. His expertise was integral in taking the Refrigerated Foods segment to its position as Hormel Foods' largest and most profitable business segment. Gary will continue as a member of the Board of Directors. Russell C. Potter has overseen the company's expansion of our Grocery Products operations. He has played a key leadership role in the company's important microwave business and the evolution of that business from our Top Shelf line in the 1980s to our more current Hormel Compleats line. Michael L. Devine, director of operations strategy for the Grocery Products segment, succeeded Potter as vice president of operations for Grocery Products. James P. Snee, director of purchasing, was promoted to vice president of affiliated business units for the Refrigerated Foods segment, including Farmer John, Burke, Dan's Prize, Saag's and Precept Foods, effective Oct. 27, 2008. This newly-created

position will provide leveraged support to the Refrigerated Foods operating segment and will report to Steven G. Binder. Robert A. Tegt, group vice president of Specialty Foods, swapped roles with Michael D. Tolbert, president of Jennie-O Turkey Store, effective at the end of November. This move brings more multi-disciplinary experience to the two positions.

Outlook
Looking forward to 2009, we have both challenges and opportunities. The challenges we face include continued high commodity cost inputs and lower breast meat pricing at Jennie-O Turkey Store, the prospect of increasing hog prices as supply gradually declines, and the uncertain economic environment affecting consumer demand. Opportunities include the flexibility our strong balance sheet provides us, the success of our value-added products and the stability of our balanced model. We anticipate a slow start to fiscal 2009, with difficult comparisons from the first half of fiscal 2008, and the opportunity to finish strong in the second half of the year. I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our more than 19,000 dedicated employees worldwide for their perseverance during a difficult year and their continued adherence to a standard of excellence. We are well positioned to drive future growth in our sales and earnings.

Senior management changes
I would like to recognize the retirements of Gary J. Ray, president of the protein business units, and Russell C. Potter, vice president of operations for the Grocery Products segment, effective Dec. 31, 2008. Gary's commitment to the company, its employees and the city

"I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our more than 19,000 dedicated employees worldwide for their perseverance during a difficult year and their continued adherence to a standard of excellence."

creating value

04

Jeffrey M. Ettinger Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

