Joel W. Johnson Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer

Fellow Shareholders:
Trends Suggest Improvement
Fiscal 2003 was another very challenging year for our industry. The impact of protein oversupplies in both the pork and turkey markets reduced pricing power for a broad range of our products. Pork inventories were back to normal halfway through the fiscal year, while turkey inventories exceeded historic levels until the last month of the fiscal year. Our longterm contracts required us to pay above-market prices for hogs during much of the year as market prices fell below our procurement floor price. We were able to partially offset these impacts by: · Concentrating our output on value-added products, which are more profitable. · Earning higher profits from core shelf-stable products, which took advantage of low raw materials prices in the first half of the year. These products enjoy strong market positions in their respective product categories. · Expanding our business platform by growing our operations within the Specialty Foods segment. While these efforts did not completely offset the impact of the low protein markets last year, there is good news going forward: · We have lowered our commodity exposure in the pork and turkey businesses by reducing our production of non-valueadded items. · Although turkey and pork markets labored under the weight of record inventories in fiscal 2002 and 2003, inventories of both proteins returned to historically normal levels by the end of fiscal 2003. · The impact of commodity trends will diminish as we continue to grow our value-added business. · Value-added products contribute many times the profitability of commodity items. As the proportion of strong, value-added brands in our sales mix grows, our opportunity for increased operating profit margins continues to improve. · Despite the difficult turkey industry environment in fiscal 2003, we are very optimistic about the future earnings power and market position of our Jennie-O Turkey Store, Inc., business segment. Hormel Foods continues to perform well within its industry as a result of our pursuit of multiple long-term growth strategies. The balance of this report outlines our progress against these initiatives.

Strategic Initiatives to Grow the Business and Deliver Value
· Brand the Fresh Meat Case · Increase the Value-Added Product Mix · Support Foodservice Growth · Grow the International Business · Identify and Pursue High-Potential Products and Channels · Enhance Profitability by Operating More Efficiently · Grow and Protect Value Through Careful Stewardship

2

"Branding the fresh meat case is one of our key initiatives to deliver more value to consumers and shareholders."

Brand the Fresh Meat Case
We go to market with the intent to make our value-added brands leaders in their respective product categories. Having largely achieved this goal in many shelf-stable categories, we now have broadened our efforts to brand the fresh meat case. The meat case is important real estate in every store because it attracts high weekly traffic and generates relatively strong margins for retailers. Our approach involves more than simply labeling packages of meat. Hormel Foods brands deliver quality along with real benefits ­ flavor, moistness, tenderness, and freshness ­ that are consistent with every use. We also add value in the way we deliver products and work with retailers. Our newest initiative to earn category leadership in retail fresh meat is the Precept Foods joint venture with the Excel Corporation, a subsidiary of Cargill, Incorporated. During 2003, Precept Foods announced exclusive programs to market case-ready fresh pork and beef under the Hormel Always Tender brand. This joint venture leverages Hormel Foods' strong brand and marketing expertise with Excel's raw materials, production capacity, and processing expertise.

Support Foodservice Growth
Consumer spending on food away from home approximates that spent on food prepared at home. Industry projections suggest foodservice sales will exceed retail food sales in the years ahead. Hormel Foods has outperformed the foodservice industry due to our product innovation and the direct service our sales team delivers to foodservice operators and distributors. With the acquisition of Diamond Crystal Brands we have an even broader array of products for the foodservice channel.

Grow the International Business
We continued to see international growth during fiscal 2003, notably in Asia. Our joint ventures in China continue to deliver solid growth with sales up 21 percent compared to last year. We see many opportunities throughout the retail and foodservice channels in China. Our joint venture in the Philippines also continues to build scale each year. In fact, we soon will open our second plant in the Philippines with our joint venture partner in order to meet the growing demand for our products in this market. The Philippine joint venture's branded hot dogs, hams, bacon, and cold cuts enjoy more than 50 percent share of the local market in each product category.

Increase the Value-Added Product Mix
Hormel Foods constantly evaluates its products in order to meet the changing needs of the consumer. During fiscal 2003, we invested $13.2 million in research and development to improve existing products or develop new ones. We seek to understand consumers' emerging preferences and provide products that deliver the safety, quality, convenience, consistent performance, and great taste they desire.

3

"Hormel Foods has a long history of director independence and ethics policies."
Identify and Pursue High-Potential Products and Channels
Long-term success requires more than great products; it also requires the vision to be in the right place at the right time. We are strengthening our position in markets that address several long-term demographic trends. · Serve the Demand for Special Diets Hormel HealthLabs, a business within our Specialty Foods segment, has become the second-largest supplier of nutritional foods to the managed health care industry. This is a highgrowth opportunity ­ the 65-plus U.S. population is expected to double in the next 30 years ­ and our Hormel HealthLabs already has begun to experience good growth, with sales up 15 percent in 2003. · Add Bolder, Ethnic Flavors The increasing diversity of the United States is generating wide interest in bold flavors from many world cuisines. Hormel Foods participates in this growing trend with an array of products derived from the best-selling world cuisine categories. We are a leader in the authentic Mexican foods category with brands such as Herdez, Doña María, and Búfalo. We also bring America other popular retail brands such as Patak's, Peloponnese, House of Tsang, Marrakesh Express, Chi-Chi's, and Carapelli. Our increasingly branded foodservice portfolio includes the fast-growing Café H family of boldlyflavored signature foodservice entrees. Wherever and however folks are eating, Hormel Foods has the flavors to intrigue them. · Grow the Branded Deli Business Hormel Foods has a wide range of deli products that assure a consistent, high-quality eating experience, just as we do in the fresh meat case. These items make use of all the popular proteins, fit consumers' lifestyles, and generate attractive margins. We also have positioned this business to excel within multiple retail formats. We are particularly pleased with the progress of our Di Lusso Deli Company in-store premium deli concept, which has been eagerly adopted by several major U.S. retail chains. · Expand the Specialty Foods Business Platform We made two important acquisitions last year, Diamond Crystal Brands and Century Foods International, to increase the scale of our Specialty Foods segment. This strategy reduces our overall vulnerability to protein market fluctuations and presents new opportunities. First, it provides manufacturing synergies with products already produced in this segment. Second, it better positions Hormel Foods to participate in the emerging, high-growth special-diet and nutritional foods businesses. Third, it provides a broader portfolio of products to the growing foodservice channel.

Enhance Profitability by Operating More Efficiently
Hormel Foods has consistently ranked among the most efficient, state-of-the-art manufacturers of both pork and turkey products in independent industry studies. We are currently working on several initiatives within our product distribution, sales, and customer support organizations aimed at further strengthening customer relationships, lowering costs, and improving product distribution service. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003, we were pleased to negotiate a four-year labor agreement covering more than 75 percent of all represented processing facility employees, who are a vital part of making Hormel Foods a premier food company.

4

Grow and Protect Value Through Careful Stewardship
Hormel Foods has a reputation for being as careful with shareholder investment as it is in producing food for families worldwide. Our stewardship has several dimensions. · Maintain Careful Financial Management Over the past five years, shareholders have realized an average yearly compounded total return (stock appreciation plus dividends) of 10.7 percent. During fiscal 2003, we passed a rare milestone ­ our 300th consecutive quarterly dividend payment. Hormel Foods has paid dividends without interruption since becoming publicly held in 1928, and has increased dividend payout for 37 consecutive years. Hormel Foods debt continues to enjoy strong investment-grade ratings. Our longstanding policy has been to maintain a strong financial position that provides flexibility to seize opportunities and reward shareholders. Our first priority in deploying available cash is to pursue acquisitions that meet our demanding strategic and financial standards. Then, we seek opportunities to repurchase shares of Hormel Foods common stock and increase the annual dividend payout. At the end of fiscal 2003, there were 9.8 million common shares of Hormel Foods stock yet to be repurchased as part of the 10 million share repurchase program authorized in 2002. As has been our practice since 1928, we remain committed to continuing quarterly dividend payments. · Assure High Standards For Product Safety Everyday, Hormel Foods employs exacting manufacturing standards to remain a preferred source for safe, high-quality products. This is clearly the right thing to do for our customers and consumers. We work closely with the USDA on food safety issues, and accredit our foodservice customers through our proprietary food safety program designed to help them consistently serve safe, high-quality food. · Principled Corporate Governance Hormel Foods has a long history of director independence and ethics policies. Similarly, independent directors have composed the compensation, audit, and governance committees of the Board of Directors well in advance of the new regulations. We are fortunate to have their wise counsel and leadership.

Milestones
Hormel Foods' 16,000 employees played a key role in moderating the tough markets' impact on our performance in fiscal 2003. I thank them and take this opportunity to recognize two long-time executives whose contributions have helped make Hormel Foods what it is today. Eric Brown, group vice president of Prepared Foods, will conclude a distinguished career with Hormel Foods on January 24, 2004. We are grateful for Eric's many contributions to the success of our company and extend our best wishes to him and his family. William Davila, who has been a member of our Board of Directors for 11 years, retired on June 15, 2003. Bill's knowledge of the food industry was a great asset to the Board and his absence is deeply felt. James Splinter, formerly senior vice president of retail at Jennie-O Turkey Store, Inc., was promoted to vice president of marketing for Consumer Products /Refrigerated Foods at Hormel Foods. Larry Vorpahl, vice president of marketing for Grocery Products, was named vice president and general manager/Grocery Products.

Looking Ahead
We are optimistic and positioned to grow in fiscal 2004 as economic and protein market conditions strengthen. We continue to pursue aggressively our strategic initiatives as we look for additional opportunities to expand and further balance our business platform. As we do so, we are mindful of our commitment to deliver greater value for shareholders and consumers.

Joel W. Johnson Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer

5

