Senior management changes
In May, we announced two executive changes. Scott Aakre was named vice president of corporate innovation and new product development and Whitney Velasco-Aznar joined the company and assumed Aakre's previous position as vice president of marketing for Grocery Products. As the year concluded, two senior leaders of the company announced their retirements. Robert A. Tegt retired as group vice president at Hormel Foods and president of Jennie-O Turkey Store, Inc., with a record of superior achievement in delivering operating results. Michael D. Tolbert also retired as group vice president of our Specialty Foods segment, after serving as a respected leader in many disciplines for the company. Glenn R. Leitch replaced Tegt and was advanced to group vice president at Hormel Foods and president of Jennie-O Turkey Store, Inc. Donald H. Kremin replaced Tolbert as group vice president of Specialty Foods, and Patrick J. Connor assumed Kremin's responsibilities as vice president of Hormel Foods for the Walmart business. In addition, James P. Snee was named senior vice president of Hormel Foods International Corporation. Mark A. Coffey replaced Snee and was advanced to vice president of affiliated business units. Timothy J. Fritz replaced Coffey as plant manager of the Austin (Minn.) Plant. Steven J. Venenga was advanced to the position of vice president of meat products marketing. Finally, we also announced a new business structure that will result in Grocery Products and Consumer Products Sales reporting to Steven G. Binder. In recognition of these new responsibilities, Binder was promoted to the position of executive vice president and president of Hormel business units. This change aligns with our efforts to create a more unified approach to the marketing and sales of Hormel® and other branded products and will also support our ability to optimize raw materials.

9%

sales growth in fiscal 2011

business activities for medical imaging services at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn. Lacy, 57, is chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer at Meredith Corporation, which is headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa. Mendes, 48, is chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer at Diamond Foods, Inc., which is headquartered in San Francisco, Calif.

Outlook
Moving into 2012, we expect to deliver sales and earnings growth even amidst some difficult comparisons and less-than-favorable economic conditions. In particular, we are looking for our Grocery Products, Specialty Foods and All Other (International) units to drive profit growth as our Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store segments maintain their position against historically high results. We also anticipate the comparisons to be more difficult in the first half of the year, becoming more favorable later in the year. Our shareholders can be assured that Hormel Foods sets high standards, both in terms of financial performance and in terms of our impact on the community at large. I am proud to be associated with a team that continues to achieve and surpass those standards on both fronts.

Director changes
Three long-term members of our board of directors also announced their retirements. Our shareholders have benefitted greatly from the excellent service of Ronald D. Pearson, Hugh C. Smith, M.D. and John G. Turner (with John having served as lead director for the past two years). Joining the board are Glenn S. Forbes, M.D., Stephen M. Lacy and Michael J. Mendes. Forbes, 63, is the medical director for initiatives in diversified

Jeffrey M. Ettinger
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Hormel Foods Corporation

3

