fellow shareholders:
strategies continue to build shareholder value
I am pleased to report that Hormel Foods had an outstanding fiscal 2004.
·

Earnings per share reached $1.65, up 24 percent compared to $1.33 in fiscal 2003. Our 2004 results include a $.09 per share gain from non-operating items and 2003 includes a $.02 per share gain from non-operating items.

Joel W. Johnson, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

·

Net sales totaled $4.8 billion, 14 percent higher than a year earlier, and were driven by exceptional demand for value-added pork and turkey products and the addition of

"We continue to make good progress in building a fastergrowing, more profitable, better-balanced, and more diversified business."

Century Foods International.
·

Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) margins increased to 7.8 percent from 7.3 percent because of improved product mix and better market conditions.

·

Shareholders participated in a 7.1 percent increase in the annual dividend per share payout, with a total dividend payment of $62.4 million.

·

Shareholders benefited from the company's repurchase of $37.5 million of common stock during the year.

We continue to make good progress in building a faster-growing, more profitable, better-balanced, and more diversified business. I think several achievements and initiatives deserve specific mention here.

benefits of a balanced business model
We have worked to better balance the proportional contributions of our packaged foods and protein business segments for one key reason: to build a business model that supports faster growth than packaged food companies yet is less volatile than protein companies. The right balance allows us to take advantage of changing raw material markets and still prosper regardless of the environment. Strong protein markets, such as we experienced in fiscal 2004, benefit our Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store protein segments. Conversely, lower protein markets benefit our Grocery Products packaged food segment. In high protein markets, our Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store segments are able to get better margins

2

Hormel Foods Corporation

through responsive pricing, while the Grocery Products segment suffers because raw material costs are higher and price adjustments are infrequent. When protein markets weaken, the Grocery Products segment becomes more profitable, while the protein business margins soften. In the end, this balance within our business model helped deliver record profitability in fiscal 2004. We continue to look for ways to reduce our commodity exposure. We have aggressively converted our hog contracts from a grain-based to a meat-value formula. This limits our exposure to the grain markets for the procurement of live hogs and better aligns the value of the raw material with market conditions. Over the long term, this will support steadier financial performance in the face of grain price fluctuations.

product category to offer Tetra Recart carton packaging ­ an innovation that provides consumers with a more convenient package and adds excitement to a long established category. Other new convenience product launches include SPAM Singles and Jennie-O Turkey Store Oven Ready Turkey, a fool-proof, whole frozen turkey that's pre-seasoned, ready to go directly from freezer to oven, and is ready to eat in about three and one-half hours. Less dramatic packaging improvements have significantly boosted sales of our Hormel microwave meals by revising packaging to draw attention to the convenient bowl rather than the box. To support continued innovation throughout the company, we made significant investments in new and expanded R&D facilities in 2004. Jennie-O Turkey Store, Inc. opened a new R&D facility and we expanded the R&D facility at our corporate campus. Our total R&D spending was up 21 percent in 2004 compared to fiscal 2003. expand high-potential product portfolios As growth prospects accelerate for our Foodservice and ethnic foods businesses, we are expanding our portfolio of products in both sectors. Our Foodservice business offers a growing selection of branded products, including the highly popular café h family

areas of attention
innovate more Innovation is a top priority for us because it creates competitive advantage and builds brand equity. Fiscal 2004 was a fertile period for new ideas in every aspect of our business. We installed high-volume, high-pressure food processing systems to explore new horizons in food safety. Beginning mid-year, Hormel chili varieties were first in their

2004 Annual Report

3

"Our turkey business segment will be increasingly valuable as we create the convenient products that encourage consumers to eat our products on an everyday basis."
of unique meat and ethnic sauce entrees, which grew 157 percent in fiscal 2004. Other key Foodservice brands that continue to gain momentum are Austin Blues BBQ and Bread Ready presliced items. These items are successful because they are easily prepared by the foodservice operator and deliver quality and flavor that can't be beat. These value-added products also provide improved margins to Hormel Foods. Our Foodservice business grew 22 percent during the year. Our ethnic products continue to do very well. There are two key drivers behind this growth. First, the population is becoming more diverse, particularly with the growth of the Hispanic population. Second, people are looking for excitement in their menu and ethnic products add the variety they seek. Carapelli olive oil and Herdez authentic Mexican products contributed particularly good growth in fiscal 2004. deliver turkey's hidden value Our turkey business segment will be increasingly valuable as we create the convenient products that encourage consumers to eat our products on an everyday basis. To accomplish this goal, Jennie-O Turkey Store has done an outstanding job over the past several years creating value-added products across multiple product categories. In fact, 30 percent of Jennie-O Turkey Store's 2004 sales came from products introduced within the past five years. We ended fiscal 2004 with very strong financial results in this segment. I believe the best is yet to come as we continue to develop value-added products at Jennie-O Turkey Store. provide effective customer outreach Recognizing that our retail customers are rapidly changing, we restructured our sales team in fiscal 2004 through a consolidation of sales divisions called "Project DELTA." Now we serve each major retail customer through a dedicated sales team that encompasses both Grocery Products and Refrigerated Foods products. This system should make us more efficient, further strengthen our customer service, and expand relationships with key customers. do more globally Although Hormel Foods has enjoyed success in key non-U.S. markets, we intend to do more to build a truly global operation. We believe Asia offers great opportunity. Building on our successful operations in China and the Philippines, we continue to search for ways to expand our presence in this part of the world. We are also expanding our Grocery Products portfolio in Europe and North America. grow and protect value through careful stewardship Shareholders have averaged an annualized total return of seven percent by investing in Hormel Foods common stock over the past five years, compared with a two percent annualized loss in the S&P 500. Shareholders also have enjoyed increased dividend payouts for 38 consecutive years.

Carapelli olive oil reported outstanding results in fiscal 2004. Sales were up 29 percent.

4

Hormel Foods Corporation

Hormel Foods has a solid reputation for maintaining a flexible, strong financial position. Cash from operations totaled $294.7 million in fiscal 2004. Debt accounted for 21 percent of our total capitalization. We devoted our available cash ­ including the gains from recent sales of Vista Packaging and our Campofrio investment ­ to our ongoing pursuit of acquisitions that meet our demanding standards. We also directed cash to an aggressive 16 percent increase in the 2005 dividend payout and to additional common stock repurchases. At year end, 8.4 million shares of common stock are yet to be repurchased as part of the 10 million share repurchase program authorized in 2002. maintain strong leadership Hormel Foods is fortunate to have had many talented, dedicated leaders over the years. Their contributions are evident in every aspect of this company today. Early in 2004, we welcomed John L. Morrison to our Board of Directors. A former senior executive of The Pillsbury Company, Jack is director and founder of Goldner Hawn Johnson & Morrison Inc., a private equity firm in Minneapolis, Minn. He also has been chairman of Callanish Capital Partners, a private hedge fund, since 2001. His financial background and corporate and international experience will help Hormel Foods continue to move forward in the food industry. We are grateful for many years of wisdom from Mahlon C. Schneider, senior vice president of external affairs and general counsel, who retired in late 2004. James W. Cavanaugh, corporate secretary and senior attorney, was named to succeed Mahlon, and we look forward to his continued contribution to the company. Finally, at mid-year we named Jeffrey M. Ettinger to the post of president and chief operating officer and to the Hormel Foods board. Jeff is a well-seasoned Hormel Foods executive and

served most recently as a Hormel Foods group vice president and chief executive officer of Jennie-O Turkey Store. I am excited to be working closely with Jeff and I have complete confidence in his ability to lead Hormel Foods to continued success. Michael D. Tolbert, formerly our director of information technology services, succeeded Jeff as president of Jennie-O Turkey Store.

sound strategy and outlook
We begin fiscal 2005 with more favorable conditions than a year ago. The demand for protein continues to be very good. Our value-added line of products continues to gain momentum and there is an improved price outlook for grain, which is a key input for our turkey operation. Shareholders may be assured that we will continue to reward their trust through focused attention to our long-term growth strategies:
· · · · · · · · ·

increase our value-added product mix brand the fresh meat case contemporize our product portfolio grow our ethnic foods business support foodservice growth grow the international business in select regions identify and pursue high-potential products and channels enhance profitability by operating more efficiently maintain sound financial discipline.

Joel W. Johnson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Bread Ready pre-sliced meats are successful because of the convenience they provide the foodservice operator, along with excellent quality and flavor. Sales were up 16 percent for the year.

2004 Annual Report

5

