Fiscal Year 2016 was a transformative year for the company. We completed our first full year as “One Harris” following the successful acquisition of Exelis, a company which added scale and a broad portfolio of advanced technologies, opened new market opportunities and improved operating resilience.
Executing Priorities
At the outset we identified four key priorities for our first year as “One Harris.”
The first was to successfully integrate Exelis. Within days of closing the acquisition, we appointed a new leadership team, organized into four customer– focused segments, and launched a series of integration initiatives. We quickly executed our strategy to
close 2 million square feet of floor space, including consolidating tactical radio production into our world– class facility in Rochester, New York. Our disciplined execution drove faster and greater synergy savings than initially expected, and we exited FY2016 with an annualized net savings run–rate of $120 million – two years ahead of schedule.
Disciplined execution drove faster and greater synergy savings than initially expected
The second was to continue reshaping our portfolio to focus on businesses where technology is a differentiator. In FY2016, we sold the legacy Exelis Aerostructures business for $210 million – following the earlier divestiture of our commercial broadcast and healthcare businesses – continuing our drive to make Harris a leaner, more focused company.
Third was to maximize free cash flow. This year we generated a record $772 million of free cash flow – $924 million of operating cash flow – through a combination of tight capital spending and effective working capital management.
Fourth was to de–leverage. In FY2016 we retired $650 million of debt, about one–third of our 3–year debt reduction goal.
Foundation of Excellence and Innovation
We executed these priorities while continuing to strengthen the cornerstones of our business – our commitment to operational excellence and innovation.
Harris Business Excellence (HBX) is our core operating system and simply put, it’s how we run our business.
We use HBX tools to drive productivity and cost savings, targeting to achieve 2–3% of our cost base in net savings every year; to increase asset velocity, and this past year we improved our working capital performance by
4 days; and to improve quality and execution, increasing customer satisfaction. Going forward, we’ll leverage HBX principles to simplify core business processes, consolidate shared services, and standardize IT systems to reduce complexity across the company.
Continued >
SHAREHOLDERS
LETTER TO
 William M. Brown
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 1

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS, CONTINUED
We also maintained our strong commitment to technology and innovation, investing an industry– leading 4% of revenue in company–funded R&D. Sustained investment in new product development
is critical to future growth and it resulted in several notable strategic successes this past year. We continued to position the company well to capture U.S. DoD tactical radio modernization opportunities, winning positions on 2 multi–billion dollar U.S. Army programs – the HMS Manpack and Rifleman Radio – and a sole–source award for the next generation handheld radio for U.S. Special Operations. Each of these awards required substantial upfront investment to develop products that would meet customer expectations, and we’ve been working on them for several years.
We maintained our strong commitment to excellence and innovation
Speed, creativity and deep mission knowledge are hallmarks of Harris’ technology development efforts, and the teams behind these and other innovations work tirelessly to provide the best technology possible to those who protect the security of our nation.
2016 Financial Performance and Outlook
Harris also delivered another year of solid financial performance. Revenue was $7.47 billion, while GAAP income from continuing operations was $345 million
or $2.75 per diluted share, with GAAP operating
margin of 10.5%. On a non–GAAP basis, earnings per share increased 11% to $5.70, with operating margin increasing 60 basis points to 16.2%. These strong results, despite revenue challenges in our tactical radio business, demonstrated the improved operating resilience of
the new post–acquisition Harris and the benefits of increased balance in our business.
We have the right team and the right strategy in place at Harris, and we will continue to position the company for long–term growth and shareholder value creation.
We will focus on the activities we control – lowering costs, improving efficiency, streamlining processes and improving customer satisfaction – while continuing
to invest in R&D to grow our core franchises and address near adjacencies where our technology is a differentiator.
We will continue to position the company for long–term growth and shareholder value creation
Key to our strategy is to re–shape our portfolio and focus management time and resources on businesses that drive long term shareholder value, and to deploy capital in a smart, shareholder–friendly way. We will continue to prioritize debt reduction until we achieve our target leverage ratio, while we re–balance our capital allocation and re–initiate share repurchases.
I would like to thank our 21,000 Harris employees, including 9,000 scientists and engineers, for their dedicated efforts to deliver affordable, innovative solutions to our customers. I am proud of our longstanding commitment to be a responsible employer and a good corporate citizen – a company that fosters diversity, provides a safe workplace and is trusted to operate with the highest ethics and integrity.
I would also like to recognize and thank Karen Katen and David Rickard, who retire from the Board of Directors at the end of their current terms, for their many contributions and years of service to the company.
My thanks also to our shareholders for their continued support and confidence in our company.
William M. Brown
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer August 29, 2016
   HARRIS CORPORATION 2016 ANNUAL REPORT
