LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
William M. Brown, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Harris’ world class tactical radio manufacturing facility in Rochester, NY
Fiscal 2017 represented a critical inflection point in Harris’ history. We entered the year in the midst of a multi-year transformation to reposition the company and deliver against our strategic priorities.
We exited the year as a more focused, innovation-driven technology company committed to flawless execution across our strategies and programs. We look to build
on this positive momentum in fiscal 2018, returning to organic growth.
Focus
An important component of our transition strategy was rebalancing our portfolio and focusing our efforts on high-margin businesses. We divested our CapRock and Government IT Services businesses for ~$1 billion combined – marking five divestitures in the past four years.
These actions enabled us to free up and refocus resources toward our six core franchises – tactical communications, electronic warfare, avionics, air traffic management, space and intelligence, and weather systems.
We rebalanced our portfolio and focused our efforts on high-margin businesses.
We have strong customer relationships and market positions in each of these franchises. For example, Harris has delivered over 1 million tactical radios for warfighters, more than any other provider. Our weather imagery and ground processing technology for NOAA
helps safeguard billions of people around the world every day. We map two thirds of the globe for the U.S. military and intelligence community and our technology has been part of every GPS satellite ever launched. We also support five of the FAA’s seven major NextGen air traffic modernization initiatives.
Innovation
Our success is largely the result of our innovation strategy. We concentrate on developing differentiated technologies – solutions with a true competitive advantage to address our customers’ most critical challenges. We leverage an expansive portfolio of technologies created by our 7,700 engineers and an industry-leading investment of 5 percent of revenue in independent research and development.
New product introductions in fiscal 2017 included an HF manpack radio that provides warfighters 10 times faster data rates than competing solutions, and an advanced, wideband phased-array antenna with far superior anti-jamming electronic warfare capabilities. Harris engineers also introduced a new environmental sensor that more precisely detects greenhouse gas emissions and a robotic system with human-like dexterity for unmatched operator ease of use in bomb disposal and other applications.
Our innovation also helped drive new program wins, including one for next-generation, multi-channel manpack radios that deliver new features and capabilities for U.S. Special Operations Forces, and another to speed intelligence gathering for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
 Continued > 1
  
 LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
Continued
We also received multiple avionics and electronic warfare systems awards for the F-35, F-16 and F/A-18 fighter jets, as well as for the B-52 and C-130J.
Execution
During the year, we delivered strong financial results and successfully executed against our strategic
priorities – rebalancing our portfolio, accelerating Exelis integration, driving operational excellence, investing in differentiated technology and generating strong free cash flow.
In fiscal 2017, we reported non-GAAP earnings per share of $5.53, up 8 percent versus the prior year, on organic revenue down 0.5 percent to $5.9 billion. Free cash flow was a record $850 million, and together with divestiture proceeds, total cash inflow was $1.9 billion – half of which was returned to shareholders, with the other half used to de-risk the balance sheet by paying down debt and prefunding the pension.
We delivered strong financial results and successfully executed against our strategic priorities.
We also completed Exelis integration, achieving $145 million in net run-rate savings versus an initial $100 to $120 million estimate, and finishing a full year ahead of our original plan. We eliminated 2 million square feet of floor space and consolidated two tactical
radio production operations into a single world-class manufacturing facility – without missing a customer delivery date. And we are simplifying our back office, reducing the number of data centers from 27 to 4 and the number of major IT systems from 32 to 3.
Harris Business Excellence (HBX) remains our core operating system, and we deploy it enterprise-wide to streamline processes, improve quality, increase customer satisfaction and lower costs. Our goal is to reduce costs by 2 to 3 percent every year, net of what we return to customers through cost-plus contracts.
We also successfully delivered on multiple customer programs throughout the year. Our Falcon radios
were selected by the DoD for all five of its major battlefield communications modernization initiatives. NOAA launched our GOES-16 onboard imager and implemented our ground processing solution to provide weather information faster, more accurately and with sharper resolution than previously possible. And our space-based hosted payloads, launched onboard Iridium
NEXT satellites, are now providing persistent, real-time tracking of more than 250,000 ships around the globe.
Commitment
We maintain our steadfast commitment to be a responsible employer – one that fosters diversity, provides a safe workplace and is trusted to operate with the highest ethics and integrity. We have made significant strides, particularly in the hiring and promoting of women in the workplace. Women now represent 32 percent of our executive leadership team – up more than 13 percentage points from five years ago. I am proud of these advances, but know that we can
do better.
We also strive to be a good corporate citizen. Each
year, the company and employees contribute millions of dollars to schools, mission-focused agencies, and community organizations. Last year, we launched a new volunteer initiative, and I am proud that our employees contributed nearly 54,000 hours of their time and participated in 370 community-support projects around the globe.
Outlook
We enter fiscal 2018 a leaner, more focused company, operating in an environment of increasing government budgets, particularly in areas where Harris competes favorably. We expect 2018 to be a growth year, and for growth to accelerate in 2019 and beyond. This requires flawless execution by our team and a continued focus on meeting customers’ expectations and supporting their critical missions.
Our success relies on the commitment of our Board, leadership team and 17,000 employees around the world. I want to thank them for their dedication as we enter another exciting period in Harris’ history.
William M. Brown
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer August 29, 2017
  HARRIS CORPORATION 2017 ANNUAL REPORT
