  In the early 1890s, two entrepreneurs encountered a problem that hurt their store’s sales. Existing hand-fed printing presses were too slow to meet deadlines for promotional inserts. Out of necessity, Charles and Alfred Harris invented the first automatic sheet feeder and printing press.
Their printing press was 10 times faster than conventional presses — a feat so unbelievable the brothers had to reduce their marketing claim before prospects would agree to a demonstration. Their invention far exceeded the expectations of naysayers — transforming their business and the entire printing industry.
Charles and Alfred’s 1895 invention marked the birth of the Harris Automatic Press Company, founding one of only a few public companies that has thrived for 120 years. In fiscal 2015, Harris Corporation proudly extended this legacy — transforming the company through our largest-ever acquisition and expanding initiatives that strengthen our commitment to innovation and excellence.
2015 Financial Performance
The company delivered another year of solid financial results in fiscal 2015. Revenue was $5.08 billion, while GAAP income from continuing operations was $334 million or $3.11 per diluted share. Non-GAAP income from continuing operations was $551 million or $5.14 per diluted share, while free cash flow, another important measure of our performance, was a strong $713 million.
During the year, we continued to make significant progress on our strategic growth initiatives. We successfully expanded our global footprint, with international revenue growing 4% to 32% of total company revenue. We continued to increase our investment in R&D to an industry-leading 5.5% of revenue — up from 5.3% last year and 4% just three years ago. We also expanded our role in the U.S. Army’s modernization efforts through a 10-year, $3.9 billion ceiling, multi-award, Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contract for the Rifleman Radio and completed qualification testing in July. The Army’s larger manpack request for proposal was released just after the year- end close, and we completed limited user testing of our Mid-Tier Networking Vehicular Radio — a significant milestone toward full-rate production. Together these programs represent billions of dollars in potential revenue for Harris over the next decade.
Exelis Acquisition
On May 29, 2015, Harris acquired Exelis Inc. for $4.7 billion — the company’s largest acquisition to date. The transaction established Harris as a top 10 defense contractor with the scale, technology portfolio and agility to take on any size challenge.
The acquisition creates a combined company with about $8 billion in annualized revenue, more than 22,000 dedicated employees, and strong core franchises.
It also significantly enhances Harris’ position as a leading provider of mission-critical solutions while expanding our
LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
channels and product offerings to a growing global customer base. And, it generates meaningful synergies that will enable us to deliver new, high-value products, systems and services while driving down our customers’ costs.
To ensure a successful integration, we established an experienced, dedicated integration team with strong oversight from me and Harris’ Board of Directors. The team is off to a strong start, with synergies and efficiencies kicking in even sooner than anticipated. We’re on track to achieve annual run- rate savings of about $120 million as we exit fiscal 2017 — a year sooner than originally expected and at the high end of our earlier estimates.
The Exelis acquisition expands Harris’ scale, capabilities and technology portfolio
Soon after the acquisition closed, we announced a new organizational model for the company, aligning Harris and Exelis’ top talent and technology into four market-focused segments: Communication Systems, Critical Networks, Electronic Systems, and Space and Intelligence Systems. The new structure improves our competitive position, increases efficiency, and captures synergies — enhancing our ability to bring innovative and affordable solutions to our customers.
Continued >
 William M. Brown
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 1

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS, CONTINUED
To drive the new organization, we named an outstanding segment leadership team — each with about 30 years of government market experience — and placed two of our most senior leaders in new positions to generate greater cost and operational efficiencies and reignite revenue growth across the company. Taking a “best of the best” approach, we filled the top 50 positions in the company with a nearly 50/50 mix of Harris and Exelis employees.
Innovation
The Exelis acquisition brings a strong portfolio of complementary technologies and builds on our commitment to innovation. With more than 9,000 dedicated engineers and scientists, our new company holds an extensive portfolio of innovative technologies that we optimize and coordinate through established Core Technology Centers, standardized processes and common metrics.
Our commitment to innovation and excellence is part of our DNA
Significant new products and services launched in 2015 include Harris’ Rifleman and 2-channel manpack tactical radios that provide increased situational awareness for warfighters; our CorvusEyeTM 1500 airborne wide-area surveillance system that delivers high-resolution color and infrared motion imagery over a city-sized area to track potentially hazardous or illicit activity; the Symphony® RangeVueTM airspace situational awareness solution that is specifically designed to help monitor Unmanned Aerial Systems; the cost-effective, high-definition 3D Geiger-Mode LiDAR Service that provides imagery faster than conventional solutions for geospatial mapping; and Harris CapRock® One — the first unified, fully managed satellite, wireless and terrestrial connectivity service that optimizes customers’ cost, bandwidth and availability.
Other innovations introduced during the year include the Disruptor SRx multifunctional electronic warfare payload; the nanoSAVR pocket-size receiver that enables warfighters to see real-time video from unmanned aerial vehicles; and Replicated Optics, a proprietary composite material and production process that is far superior to existing glass solutions.
Excellence
Harris’ commitment to excellence is part of our DNA and continues to expand and strengthen across the company. Harris Business Excellence (HBX) serves as the company’s core operating system — providing the framework and tools that empower every employee to drive continuous improvement in business performance and customer satisfaction.
In fiscal 2015, HBX drove significant productivity savings through initiatives in direct and indirect sourcing, value engineering, and process improvements. For example, our mechanical design engineers achieved annual cost savings by using HBX principles to reduce the time it takes to go from
machined prototype metal parts to production-ready die-cast assemblies. Our IT department realized savings using HBX tools to identify underutilized computers, mobile phones and software programs across the company. We also secured savings by working with suppliers to tightly integrate and optimize key design features on printed circuit boards used in multiple products. This reduced the cost to Harris by improving yields and maximizing material use in the suppliers’ production.
Outlook
We enter fiscal 2016 expecting U.S. government budget constraints and headwinds to continue. However, we believe that the Exelis acquisition, our strong leadership team and our solid growth strategy provide us the platform to succeed in this environment and over the long term.
My new management team and I are laser focused on executing against our strategic priorities — satisfying customers, driving operational excellence, improving cash flow, and reducing net leverage. At the same time, we remain committed to providing shareholders with an attractive dividend, which has grown at a 20% compounded annual rate over the past decade.
We will fully leverage the new opportunities that our expanded scale and portfolio create, including offering differentiated value-added services, capturing channel and geography synergies, and combining technologies to create new integrated solutions. And, we expect to continue to investigate opportunities to reshape and optimize our business portfolio.
We will accomplish all this while maintaining our unwavering commitment to our core values and high ethical standards, which are foundational to our company’s success. And, we will continue our longstanding commitment to be a responsible employer and good corporate citizen, fostering diversity and providing a safe workplace, implementing sustainability initiatives and supporting educational, charitable, military and first-responder assistance efforts.
I am very proud of what Harris has accomplished this past year — and over our 120-year history. I look forward to what our new team of more than 22,000 dedicated employees can deliver in the future.
Thank you for your continued support and confidence in our company.
William M. Brown
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer August 31, 2015
   2
HARRIS CORPORATION 2015 ANNUAL REPORT
