  CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
Harris Corporation
1025 West NASA Boulevard Melbourne, Florida 32919-0001 1-321-727-9100
harris.com
iNFORmATiON FOR
SHAREHOLDERS
Share your Annual Report feedback:
harris.com/annual_report
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report, including the letter to shareholders, contains forward-looking statements that are based on the views of management regarding future events at the time of publication of this report. These forward-looking statements, which include, but are not limited to: our plans, strategies, and objectives for future operations; new products, services, or developments; future economic conditions; outlook; the value of contract and program awards; the effect of our acquisitions on our business; our growth potential; and the potential of the industries and markets we serve, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to be materially different from those expressed in or implied by each forward-looking statement. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors are discussed in our Form l0-K for the fiscal year ended June 27, 2014.
ANNUAL CERTIFICATIONS
The most recent certifications by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 were filed as exhibits to our Form l0-K for the fiscal year ended June 27, 2014. Our most recent annual CEO certification regarding Harris compliance with corporate governance listing standards was submitted to the New york Stock Exchange on October 30, 2013.
DESIGN: MTN ADVERTISING, INC.
PRINTING: RR DONNELLEy—ORLANDO PLANT
  HARRIS
c O R P O R A T i O N
NySE:HRS
TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
Computershare
211 Quality Circle, Suite 210
College Station, Tx 77845
1-888-261-6777 | Outside the U.S., please dial 1-201-680-6578 www.computershare.com/investor
SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
Computershare maintains the records for our registered shareholders and can assist you with a variety of shareholder-related services at no charge. The Computershare automated telephone voice response system, at 1-888-261-6777, is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, to conduct a wide variety of secure transactions.
Electronic access to your financial statements and shareholder communications is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, via Computershare’s website, computershare.com/investor. Visit this website to view and print Investment Plan Statements, Investor Activity Reports, 1099 tax documents, notification of ACH transmissions, transaction activities, annual meeting materials and other selected correspondence.
you also can send mail to Computershare at:
Computershare
P.O. Box 30170
College Station, Tx 77842-3170 (U.S. mail only)
ANNUAL MEETING
Computershare
211 Quality Circle, Suite 210 College Station, Tx 77845 (overnight delivery only)
STOCK ExCHANGE
Harris common stock is listed and traded on the New york Stock Exchange. Ticker Symbol: HRS
 The 2014 annual meeting of shareholders will be held on October 24 at the Customer Briefing Center on the Harris Corporate Headquarters campus, Melbourne, Florida, starting at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time. The meeting will be webcast and can be accessed from a link on the Investor Relations page on the Harris website: harris.com.
INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
Ernst & young LLP | Orlando, Florida
TELL US WHAT yOU THINK!
   HARRIS CORPORATION 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

                   In the 1960s, satellite manufacturers struggled to create lightweight antennas that could be tucked away for launch, but also unfurl in space to provide the full reflection needed to transmit back to earth. after dozens of trials and errors, harris engineers discovered a flexible mesh material—similar to pantyhose—that fit all those parameters when encased in a thin layer of gold. This novel solution resulted in a line of antennas that still provide vital communications that millions of people depend upon every day.
This example highlights two core principles that have driven the company’s success since its founding in 1895—excellence and innovation. They are part of the company’s fabric, our dNa, and have provided harris the resilience not only to weather the many challenges we have faced during the past 119 years, but to prosper.
In 2014 these same principles enabled us to adapt to U.s. government budget constraints as we continued our focus on improving operational efficiency and increasing our r&d investment to speed the introduction of new solutions. This strategy is already generating results for our customers and shareholders and—more importantly—positions us for long- term success.
Financials
Fiscal 2014 was another year of solid overall financial results for harris. despite a challenging market, we continued to invest in our future while delivering shareholder value.
Financial highlights include:
• Revenue of $5 billion—with 30 percent coming from
international markets
• GAAP income from continuing operations of $540 million
• GAAP EPS of $5.00 per diluted share
• Free cash flow of $648 million—120 percent of income from
continuing operations
We also continued our balanced capital deployment strategy,
using $300 million to repurchase shares and increasing our
dividend by 14 percent. over the past three years, our dividend has increased at a 19 percent compound annual growth rate.
letter to
shareholders
excellence
We continued to expand the scope and scale of our harris Business excellence (hBX) program—the core operating system for our companywide commitment to excellence. The program provides the framework and tools that empower every employee to drive continuous improvement in business performance and customer satisfaction.
one tool we’re widely deploying is Value engineering to reduce cost and improve quality and performance for products already in production. For example, we currently use die cast aluminum for many key mechanical parts inside our highly successful Falcon III® radios. While die cast aluminum offers significant cost savings over traditional machined parts, we’re investigating an even more cost effective solution with injection-molded magnesium technology. We expect to cut over to this new process in fiscal 2015.
We’re also rigorously applying Value stream Mapping (VsM) throughout the company. In our space structures business, we used VsM to eliminate downtime and coordinate production builds to reduce the cost of a complex boom-and-hinge mechanical assembly. leveraging ideas from internal and external sources, we altered the project work flow and parts delivery schedule to drive a 35 percent cost reduction and more than 20 percent improvement in part lead time—illustrating how good ideas can emanate from collaboration across the value stream.
Under hBX, we’re actively addressing every area of spend across the company—challenging our cost assumptions, removing waste and driving improvements using every lever available. and we have increased our focus on areas traditionally considered largely un- addressable. savings from these and other hBX initiatives enable us to increase our investments in company-funded r&d to spur further innovation and growth.
Innovation
research and development represents the foundation of our technical innovation. In fiscal 2014 we increased our r&d invest- ment by 12 percent to $264 million—representing a significant 5.3 percent of company revenue.* our investments are focused on adding new features to existing products, tailoring offerings for international markets, and creating totally new-to-the-world solutions to address our customers’ toughest communications challenges.
           HARRIS CORPORATION 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
1

                                            letter to shareholders, Cont.
    significant product introductions this past year included multiple additions to our popular Falcon® family of tactical radios, such as the new aN/VrC-118 Mid-Tier Networking Vehicular radio, the rF- 330E Wideband Rifleman Team Radio, the RF-340 Multi-channel Manpack, and the rF-7850a airborne Networking Mission radio.
But while we’re investing more, we also are working to ensure we’re investing wisely. We have adopted a portfolio management approach to optimize investment at the enterprise rather than the business unit level, and we have introduced standardized processes and common metrics across the company to track progress and gauge success. Importantly, we have also established Core Technology Centers to fully leverage cross-company capabilities.
however, innovation at harris isn’t just limited to the lab. Many of our most successful “inventions” involve introducing new business models to the marketplace. For example:
• Harris reshaped the tactical communications industry with a
“commercial” approach to product development, investing our own r&d funds to speed the introduction of new features and functions to our existing line of Falcon radios, giving warfighters the mission-critical communications they need at a faster rate and a lower cost than the traditional program-of- record approach.
• We partnered with the FAA to introduce a fully-managed
service to replace a proprietary network for the Faa’s nationwide air traffic management communications backbone. The Faa Telecommunications Infrastructure (FTI) network leverages commercial telecommunications networks and harris’ mission-critical network capabilities to connect controllers and pilots across more than 4,000 nodes, resulting in significantly higher bandwidth and uptime at half the cost of the traditional approach.
• And we’re at the forefront of a whole new approach to
space accessibility, leveraging hosted payloads—with customers “piggybacking” applications on other satellites— to speed time-to-mission and lower cost. The space industry and U.s. government have embraced the approach, with harris already building more than 100 hosted payloads for global aircraft tracking, space environment monitoring and other applications.
Value-added services represent another possible market- changing opportunity for harris, and we’re researching potential new applications in markets such as weather and geospatial information where we have well-established technology and domain expertise. These applications—from ship tracking to crop planting to 3D mapping—are evolving rapidly and are less susceptible to the ebb and flow of government funding.
outlook
With the U.s. government budget environment under pressure and the threat of sequestration remaining on the horizon, our strategy continues to be to focus on the things we control— providing affordable, innovative solutions to customers, improving operational excellence, and maximizing free cash flow.
our company has a strong leadership team in place dedicated to upholding our core values and the highest ethical standards. We remain committed to being a responsible employer and good corporate citizen, providing a safe workplace, implementing sustainability initiatives and supporting educational, charitable, military and first-responder assistance efforts.
I am proud of what we accomplished this past year. our solid performance is due to the talent, dedication and hard work of our 14,000 harris employees—and I want to thank them for their continued commitment to excellence and innovation. I also want to thank our customers for the confidence they have in harris. We remain dedicated to providing them high quality, innovative and affordable solutions.
Finally, I want to recognize and thank steve Kaufman who retires from the Board of directors at the end of his current term after more than 14 years of service to the company.
as I look ahead to 2015, I believe that our solid strategy and progress in excellence and innovation will continue to increase our global competitiveness and position us well for long-term growth.
Thank you for your continued confidence in our company.
William M. Brown
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
AUGUST 25, 2014
          2
HARRIS CORPORATION 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
