 HARSCO CORPORATION
  F. Nicholas Grasberger, III
President and Chief Executive Officer
Fellow Shareholders:
Nearly two years ago, I joined Harsco’s leadership team to help
a venerable industrial manufacturing and services company rebuild its way to sustainable success. Our mission is simple and straight- forward: to deliver above-market improvements in income, cash flow and return on invested capital (ROIC) and create renewed value for our shareholders.
Now, seven months into my tenure as Harsco’s CEO, I’m seeing clear signs that Harsco’s resurgence is underway.
The Harsco Blueprint
We balanced disciplined, pragmatic thinking with decisive action throughout 2014. First, we completed the sale and merger of our Infrastructure division and retained a minority ownership position in the combined business. The value of this investment grew during the year, and we anticipate continued growth ahead. When we eventually exit our position in a few years, we expect to generate significant cash proceeds to invest in further growth opportunities.
Second, we constructed and began to execute the detailed plan to boost the financial and operational performance of our Metals & Minerals business. Our Project Orion improvement plan focuses on a more disciplined, analytical process to allocate capital; a new organizational structure aligned around operational and functional excellence; and cost reduction. The result should be improved contract outcomes leading to higher profit margins and returns on capital. As evidence, we have now turned around approximately 30 percent of the locations previously identified
as underperforming into contracts that are better able to gener- ate acceptable returns. We also are exiting a small number of sites where we did not see acceptable solutions. By early 2016, we expect to address all of the contracts that have previously
been identified as underperforming. In addition, we have refined and reinforced our global operating standards—The Harsco Way of Working—consistently throughout all Metals & Minerals sites. Drawn from the demonstrated success of our highest-performing locations, they bring uniform best practices to such site-level activities as safety, operations, maintenance and general manage- ment. For example, by streamlining operations and managing our maintenance and equipment more efficiently, we expect to realize approximately $35-$40 million in annualized benefits.
Harsco’s two manufacturing businesses, Harsco Rail and Harsco Industrial, continue to win market share through product innovation, quality, reliability and an acute customer focus. Harsco Rail is emerging as a truly international business with a long runway for growth. Major new wins in Europe supporting the Swiss railway system speak to this group’s growing footprint and its capacity to build strong local relationships. Its Intelligent Solutions group is forming technology partnerships that respond directly to critical railway needs, such as keeping trackside employees safer with a new collision avoidance system. Harsco Rail is also leading the way with innovative equipment solutions for higher output and greater precision that help customers complete track maintenance faster and more efficiently.
Harsco Industrial derives much of its revenue from the natural gas industry. This has been a solid growth platform over the past several years, and the recent dip in energy prices does not alter our strategic priorities or weaken our confidence in the long-term potential of this segment. In 2014 we successfully integrated our Hammco acquisition and gained an established position in the process cooler segment of the energy and petrochemical markets. We also moved forward on a new, consolidated manufacturing
   2014
SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
 1

 HARSCO CORPORATION
 facility for air coolers that will begin operating in mid-2015. It will reduce costs, integrate Lean manufacturing concepts and expand capacity to support the natural gas market. Our IKG business is working to expand its traditional metal grating products focus with complementary offerings, while our Patterson-Kelley unit intro- duced its new SONIC®stainless steel boiler and patented NUROTM touchpad controls system to very encouraging customer response.
Focused Leadership
Building and executing a new blueprint takes a highly competitive mindset—and a strong will to win. In filling key positions, I look for proven leaders who share a passion for success and a commit- ment to our values. In 2014 we further strengthened our senior executive team by welcoming a new chief financial officer, a new group president of Harsco Metals & Minerals, and a new chief human resources officer. Our team members have diverse backgrounds, but have each held leadership positions in highly successful organizations that expect excellence, encourage innovation and inspire personal achievement. I’m excited to see us working toward the same goals, with shared enthusiasm
for transforming Harsco into a better company.
Harsco is enormously fortunate to be led by a strong Board
of Directors whose keen insights and wisdom also bring tremendous value to our transformation. In particular, I want
to thank David Everitt for serving as Interim CEO into the second half of 2014. His exceptional leadership experience and pragmatic advice have made a lasting mark on our planning and execution. After his assignment as Interim CEO, Dave was elected chairman of Harsco’s board, where his direct familiarity with the Harsco transformation objectives will be invaluable. We have also added two new members to the Harsco board, Elaine La Roche and
Phil Widman. Both bring to our board outstanding global leadership credentials. Elaine is a seasoned senior financial services executive now serving as a senior advisor to the China International Capital Corporation US. Phil recently retired as senior vice president and CFO of Terex, a leading global manufacturer for the construction, mining and infrastructure sectors. In addition, we acknowledge
with the greatest respect and appreciation two long-standing board colleagues, Dr. Bob Wilburn and Andrew Sordoni, who retired from the board in 2014.
Initial signs of success. Looking back on 2014, I’m generally pleased—but not nearly satisfied—with the improved results I saw across a number of key metrics.
Return on invested capital. ROIC provides shareholders with
a powerful tool for making investment decisions by measuring how effectively Harsco deploys shareholder capital. By improving capital allocation and boosting efficiency, we increased Harsco’s overall ROIC by approximately 60 basis points, from 6 percent
to 6.6 percent. With ROIC-accretive investments in our growth businesses, we anticipate another meaningful jump in 2015
on the way to 10 to 12 percent over time.
Top-line revenue growth. Harsco is executing a plan to scale our Rail and Industrial businesses and return Harsco Metals & Minerals to sustainable growth. In 2014 revenue increased to $2.07 billion, up approximately 3 percent over 2013, excluding the former Infrastructure segment.
Capital spending. In 2014 Harsco recorded $208 million in maintenance and growth capital expenditures. We continued to invest in growth platforms while applying greater discipline to managing capital commitments in Harsco Metals & Minerals.
Free cash flow. Strong working capital performance in Rail helped increase our free cash flow to $52 million from $20 million last year. We sustained our dividend for the 258th consecutive quarter, rewarding shareholders with steady, predictable returns and a better than 4 percent yield on their Harsco investment. By staying the course, Harsco can continue to generate attractive dividends while using our underlying cash flow to invest in growth areas that deliver high potential returns.
  2
 2014
 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

 HARSCO CORPORATION
 “ By staying the course, Harsco can continue to generate attractive dividends while using our underlying cash flow to invest in growth areas that deliver high potential returns.”
Debt/leverage. Maintaining reasonable leverage positions will enable Harsco to take advantage of fragmented industries and make smart, synergistic acquisitions when they are available. In 2014, we continued to maintain a prudent leverage position and will continue to evaluate potential acquisitions as they become available.
Adjusted operating income. Lower corporate costs along with gains in Industrial and Rail resulted in $153 million in adjusted operating income, compared with $152 million in 2013.
Earnings per share. Harsco is committed to creating long-term shareholder value by using its capital efficiently to generate income. In 2014, higher tax rates and an adjustment for our Brand Energy joint venture contributed to adjusted EPS of $0.72, compared with prior-year adjusted EPS of $0.87. We have repurchased more than 700,000 shares of stock on a selective basis to take advantage of the current market valuation and reaffirm our confidence in Harsco shares.
Last but by no means least, I am also pleased to report a full year without an employee casualty, and our best-ever results in injury reduction, two indicators of our fundamental commitment to employee safety.
New Sources of Value
As global competition increases, customers are seeking lower- cost solutions that also address growing environmental concerns. Harsco is expanding its products and services to meet these changing needs. Harsco Metals & Minerals is emphasizing value-added resource recovery services, especially in markets
like China and India. These services include recovering valuable metal from slag, turning residual waste into useful aggregate
and using mineral byproducts for agricultural applications. Harsco Rail is engineering growth by building a robust and profitable aftermarket parts and services business to help major railroads extend equipment life cycles. It is also introducing new technology and services that make rail transportation even more cost
competitive and environmentally attractive. And in Harsco Industrial, our Air-X-Changers and Hammco units are helping natural gas companies bring clean fuel to markets around the world, while our ultra-efficient PK boiler and hot water systems are helping commercial buildings reduce energy consumption.
These and other solutions provide a meaningful opportunity for Harsco to better express our own core values and environ- mental stewardship. Harsco is delivering real benefit as an emerging environmental solutions company focused on resource recovery, environmental services and sustainability.
2015 Outlook
I believe Harsco now has the people and plan in place to drive sustainable success. Each of our portfolio businesses showed considerable progress in 2014. Our challenge for 2015 is to accelerate this momentum and ultimately translate our opera- tional initiatives into improved financial performance. We will drive our Project Orion improvement plan in Metals & Minerals, engineer growth in our Rail and Industrial segments, and further sharpen the focus of our corporate functions to better support our businesses.
I want to sincerely thank our more than 12,000 employee colleagues for creating value every day at our more than
170 Harsco operating locations in approximately 35 countries worldwide. By delivering on our commitments and producing tangible results, we will reward our investors for continuing
to support our direction and sharing our confidence.
F. Nicholas Grasberger, III
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2, 2015
    2014
SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
 3

  HA SCO
4
H
ars
sites.
CORPORATIO
Bl
f
or
expansion.
201
4
We’r
L
e
U
N
u
co is following a det
we’re creating a sus
customer-focused in
We’re
adopting
for
We’re
M
new
gin
ne
AR
Y
w
N
g
stre
ean principles. And in
NU
e
S
tainab
nova
tion,
p
uc
ailed
operating standa
n
ew
value
AL
RE
PO
s
a
RT
upplie
ngthening m
nd
blueprint f
ever
rev
demand
ri
le future as an ROIC
disciplined execut
rds
t
c
or l
r relationships that supp
n
ong-te
hat bring
anufacturing processes
y
Harsco
enue stre
for
e
am
nvironm
e
rm
business, we’re
s
by
me
t
s
succe
-focused organization
ion
and
enhan
a
ss.
s
Acros
re-ignited pas
ced consisten
ort
ba
eting customer
ental solutions.
global
sed on
creating
s
our global ent
that
wins t
sion
cy to our
for
hrough
succe
erp
ss.
worldwide
rise,
                                                                R
                                                                                          SMA
 
 HARSCO CORPORATION
  Building Best-in-Class
Performance Standards
Division-wide adoption of consistent operating standards in all functions and disciplines is helping Harsco Metals & Minerals improve its performance and better satisfy its customers.
In the global steel industry, customers evaluate supplier performance based on variables like employee safety, service quality, reliability, productivity, and environmental responsibility.
As part of its turnaround process, Harsco Metals & Minerals is implementing common operating practices throughout the world, known as “The Harsco Way,” that are helping us achieve the
highest levels of safety and customer satisfaction while improving business performance.
Harsco Metals & Minerals serves customers across
170 global sites, and we’re striving to bring greater consistency to the way we operate and the services we deliver. We’ve clearly defined performance standards, established worldwide best practices for achieving them, and introduced new analytics to measure success. One of our latest tools is BloodhoundTM, our proprietary online system for maximizing
the metal yield of our metal recovery plants.
More than a technological innovation,
BloodhoundTM also aligns with our commit-
ment to continuous improvement. It gives
our customers detailed, up-to-the-minute
telemetrics on the rate and flow of recovered metal content.
These new practices are creating a win-win for customers, and for Harsco. Customers benefit from greater predictability of Harsco’s performance and cost, consistent excellence in operations, and high levels of service and responsiveness. Harsco is improving operating performance by collecting more site-level data and using it to improve safety and environmental impact. This data also empowers managers to make local operating decisions based on a clear picture of costs relative to their operating budgets and financial returns.
Developing a
New Innovation Engine
Product innovation is creating competitive advantage for Harsco Industrial Patterson-Kelley—and is changing the face of commercial boiler systems.
At the Patterson-Kelley division, a new concept-to-commercialization engine has helped jump-start new product offerings and drive steady growth.
Patterson-Kelley listened carefully as commercial boiler customers throughout North America expressed a strategic need to boost efficiency and expand product offerings. We entered
the stainless steel boiler market in late 2013 with our patented SONIC®product, and favorable response pushed sales far beyond first-year goals. We are now developing more sizes of SONIC®, and pre-orders for these models are growing even before production begins. We also introduced the space-friendly MACH ’n’ RollTM domestic hot water heating system, one of the most compact units of its type in the commercial boiler marketplace.
At the end of 2014, we completed work on a new NUROTM touchpad control platform that covers all aspects of a boiler’s operations. With two patents pending, NUROTM is a true differenti- ator that is earning rave reviews—and is driving increased demand for all of our products. The controller is available on the SONIC® boiler platforms now and will soon be integrated into our entire boiler product line.
Together, these products demonstrate how a commitment
to pacesetting engineering, continuous improvement and customer focus can keep a 135-year-old division at the forefront of change.
     2014
SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
 5

 HARSCO CORPORATION
  Building Total
Life Cycle Support
New relationships are positioning Harsco Rail to support new global contracts—and to grow our long-term value to customers.
When customers around the world negotiate large rail equipment contracts, they pay close attention to how original equipment manufacturers will support their equipment throughout the product life cycle. Public and private railroads around the world are responding favorably to our customer-focused service model. We’re driving leading-edge innovation directly in response to customer needs, both now and into the future.
Harsco’s customer-first philosophy figured prominently in two recent, long-term contracts signed with SBB, the national railway company of Switzerland, each valued at more than $100 million. Harsco will produce specialized utility track vehicles and catenary maintenance units, both to the highest European specifications. Harsco Rail contracted to purchase a meaningful portion of the content from Swiss suppliers, and also will utilize components and advanced technology from other proven European railway suppliers. And by meeting customer objectives for locally sourced and supported content, we’re helping boost local economies while building reliable supply lines throughout the product life cycle.
Mapping an Efficient
Manufacturing Layout
Moving five individual manufacturing plants under one roof will add capacity and accelerate the production cycle, so Harsco Industrial AXC can help energy producers meet growing demand for natural gas.
At Harsco Industrial AXC, Lean analysis revealed that our Air-X-Changers engineered coolers traveled dozens of miles between plants during the manufacturing process. That meant extra transportation expense, a longer production cycle and higher fixed costs driven by the use of multiple facilities.
   6
 2014
 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

 HARSCO CORPORATION
  To create greater capacity and efficiency, we’re consolidating five plants into one—a massive former auto glass manufacturing facility in Tulsa, Oklahoma, that increases total floor space
by more than 50 percent.
By designing the plant layout from the ground up, we’re using insights from our Lean initiatives to optimize production workflow. The end result will be a facility that enables us to better serve the natural gas industry with increased capacity, higher productivity and improved on-time delivery. It adds to a tightly managed business that has consistently delivered
solid incremental savings from Lean
operating principles.
Engineering
a Sustainable Future
Harsco is building an effective environmental blueprint that delivers innovative, sustainable solutions to our customers and our communities.
Harsco shares with our customers a deep commitment to sustainable actions that protect and sustain personal safety and preserve the environment for future generations.
In Mexico, employees at the Harsco Industrial IKG plant established aggressive goals to reduce waste and consumption of energy and water—and decrease the plant’s carbon footprint. They trained employees of Harsco and other local companies how to enact environmentally sustainable processes and practices. They also developed a program to teach local school children to become more conscious of the environment and to use natural resources responsibly. The plant has already achieved tangible energy reductions totaling several thousands of dollars per month.
Our Metals & Minerals teams are engaging with customers worldwide to address a wide range of site-specific environmental needs. Harsco is regarded as an industry leader for converting production materials once thought of as waste into new, useable products such as agricultural fertilizers, abrasive blasting agents and roadway materials.
We’re also demonstrating our commitment by reducing the environmental impact on our communities. In 2014, Harsco Rail implemented two new projects. One reduced electrical consump- tion at a major manufacturing plant facility by nearly 20,000 kWh
through more efficient lighting, while a second significantly reduced landfilled waste by reusing packaging materials.
With baseline metrics now in place, we’re establishing regular assessments of our environmental, health, and safety performance at facilities worldwide. The data will help us—
and our customers—document the impact our sustainable practices are having on
operational performance.
    2014
SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
 7

 HARSCO CORPORATION
8
2014 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
2014 Harsco At a Glance
Harsco’s diversified industrial businesses serve major markets that
are fundamental to global economic growth—steel, railways and energy
We operate in approximately 35 countries at more than 170 locations, and we employ more than 12,000 people
Highly engineered OEM to energy markets
harscoaxc.com harscoikg.com harscopk.com
Customized provider of railway track maintenance equipment and services
harscorail.com
Global leader in mill services to the steel and metals industries
harsco-m.com
Joint Venture
With the sale of its Infrastructure business in November 2013, Harsco holds an approximate 29% equity interest in Brand Energy & Infrastructure Services, a premier provider of integrated specialty services to the global energy, industrial and infrastructure markets
beis.com
PROFILE
  Diversified business group with premium quality products and 100-year brand heritages
  Air-cooled heat exchangers
  Industrial metal grating products
  High-efficiency boilers and water heaters
PROFILE
  Original Equipment Manufacturer for railway track maintenance and new track construction
  US market leader with expanding footholds in Asia, Europe and India
  Major product categories include track surfacing, grinding and utility vehicles
PROFILE
  Premier provider of material processing and environmental services for industrial by-products
  Onsite mill services
  Resource recovery and recycling   Applied product technologies for
sustainable solutions
  Deep operational expertise across a broad
service and product range
  170 customer sites in approximately
35 countries
PROFILE
  Brand’s extensive portfolio of specialized industrial service offerings includes work access, coatings, insulation, refractory, formwork and shoring, cathodic protection, specialty mechanical services, and other related crafts
  More than 50 years of unmatched experience and reputation

 2014 Consolidated Revenues $2,066M
Metals & Minerals 67% Industrial 20%
Rail 13%
MARKETS
  Broad, attractive end-markets
  Growth in natural gas and petrochemical
production
  Industrial capacity expansion
  Improvement in the US construction sector
MARKETS
  National railway operators, metro transit systems and short lines
MARKETS
  Contracted services to major steel and metals production plants
  Preferred environmental solutions partner to the industry’s heightened environmental requirements
  Growing portfolio of Applied Products– abrasives, fertilizers, road base and commercial aggregate
MARKETS
  Operates in five key market segments: Upstream/Midstream
  Downstream
  Power Generation
Industrial
  Infrastructure
2014 Global Revenue Sources $2,066M
North America 46% Western Europe 28% Rest of the World 26%
STRATEGIC DIRECTION
  Product innovation supports growth and expansion to new customers
  Investing in mid-2015 plant consolidation for air coolers – answers growing market demand for shorter lead times
  Strong North America market base and expanding international presence
STRATEGIC DIRECTION
  Scalable business in a large, fragmented market   Sizable pipeline of bidding opportunities
in attractive global markets
  Large aftermarket opportunity supported by strong installed equipment base
STRATEGIC DIRECTION
  Flexible operating structure scalable to business needs
  Deploying Harsco Way standards for consistent reliability and efficiency – and increased customer satisfaction
  Improving overall returns through disciplined execution
  Highly confident in improved contract outcomes STRATEGIC DIRECTION
  Harsco received cash proceeds of approximately $300 million from Joint Venture formation
  Continued expectation for business growth and income contribution
  Opportunity for substantial exit proceeds in the future
2014 Adjusted Segment Operating Income $192M
Metals & Minerals 47% Industrial 33%
Rail 20%
Excludes Special Items
and General Corporate Expense
REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHY
TNootratlh$A4m13erMica 93% Rest of the World 43%
North America 93% Rest of the World 7%
REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHY
(By destination)
HARSCO CORPORATION
REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHY
Total $1,378M
Western Europe 40% Rest of the World 36% North America 24%
REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHY
Approximately $3B (est.) North America 75%
Western Europe 17% Rest of the World 8%
Total $276M
North America 51% Asia 28%
Europe 16%
Rest of the World 5%
2014 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 9

 HARSCO CORPORATION
 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management of Harsco Corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Company”), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(e). The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company’s principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:
• Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets
of the Company;
• Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and the directors of the Company; and
• Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures
may deteriorate.
Management has assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2014 based on the framework established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective
at December 31, 2014.
F. Nicholas Grasberger, III
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2, 2015
Peter F. Minan
Chief Financial Officer
March 2, 2015
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To The Stockholders of Harsco Corporation:
We have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Harsco Corporation and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity, cash flows and comprehensive income (loss) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014 (not presented herein) appearing in Harsco’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014; and in our report dated, March 2, 2015, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements is fairly stated, in all material respects,
in relation to the consolidated financial statements from which it has been derived.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP March 2, 2015
   10
 2014
 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
