With the support of our entire organization, we are steadily building the foundation necessary to reward our shareholders with solid and substantial returns. We have significantly lowered corporate costs, simplified our business operations, and taken important steps to drive Continuous Improvement, human capital development and uniform safety practices throughout our organization. now, under the leadership of David everitt as our newly appointed Interim president and Ceo as of February 28th, we will continue to execute our strategy to transform harsco into a growing, roIC-focused company. Dave is a truly seasoned business leader who recently completed an outstanding 37-year career as a senior executive at Deere & Company, where he held a number of global positions and responsibilities. he has also been a valued harsco director and colleague since 2010. he is thoroughly familiar with the company’s strategy and objectives, and he has embraced this opportunity to help position harsco for a bright future. We are saddened by patrick Decker’s departure, but we wish him the best in his new position. harsco will be in very capable hands as we continue our transformation and secure a permanent Ceo successor.
our 2013 performance reflects the early stages of our transformation. We created immediate and long-term value
when we divested harsco Infrastructure into a strategic venture that will improve our operating margins going forward, and create significant exit value in the future. We improved roIC in our
metals & minerals business and positioned it for double-digit improvement in operating income in 2014. We grew our base business in rail, and while year-over-year revenue comparisons will remain difficult through 2014 due to the prior year’s record production, we are in a strong position to add to our project pipeline. We are also excited about the growth opportunities in our Industrial business, where we serve a growing energy market and have recently added a new, adjacent growth platform to complement our air-X-Changers business.
There is much more work ahead, but harsco is clearly operating from a much stronger position than it was when I wrote to you two years ago. The board is fully supportive of the strategy that is in place and the considerable progress that is being made. harsco has talented people, innovative products and abundant opportunities to bring our products and services to new customers and markets. We know what we need to do and we are fully focused on execution. We thank you for your continued support as we work to create sustainable shareholder value.
Henry W. Knueppel
Non-Executive Chairman
march 3, 2014
HaARrSCOo COoRrpPoOrRaAtTIOonN
 Fellow Shareholders:
 2013 Summary annual reporT 1
