 Report to Stockholders
Harsco's 2004 financial performance provides continuing evidence of the Company's successful transformation to a global industrial services corporation.
Worldwide sales from continuing operations exceeded $2.5 billion, our second consecutive year of record sales and an increase of 18 percent over 2003. Results were particularly strong from international operations, led by solid Divisional results from our two largest global business sectors, Mill Services and Access Services. The broad international scope of these businesses is reflected in the positive exchange rate contribution of
international currencies in translation to the U.S. dollar, which added
approximately $109 million to the year's sales.
Income from continuing operations was a record $113.5 million, or $2.73 per diluted share, an increase of approximately 30 percent over the preceding year. Including discontinued operations, full year 2004 net income was $121.2 million or $2.91 per diluted share, compared with net income of $92.2 million or $2.25 per diluted share in 2003, an increase of approximately 31 percent. Net cash provided by operating activities was $270 million, compared with $263 million in 2003.
CONSISTENT WITH HARSCO'S TRADITION, WE WILL CONTINUE TO EXECUTE OUR PLANS AND STRATEGIES IN A PRUDENT AND FINANCIALLY SOUND MANNER.
The overall outlook for each of our businesses is encouraging. Supported by
our strong cash flows, we will be making further investments to accelerate
our industrial services growth, particularly in our Mill Services business where
we see increasing opportunities for additional contract services and expanded relationships, in parallel with the ongoing consolidation of the world's major steel industry companies. Our plans also include support to our manufactured products operations with the appropriate amount of capital to ensure that these businesses remain modern and competitive, and continue to contribute to Harsco's steady and strategic growth. Our substantial cash flows allow us a considerable degree of financial flexibility, and we will continue to give careful consideration to the many opportunities that become available to strengthen Harsco's value creation for our stockholders. With the proper and appropriate execution of our objectives and strategies by our experienced global management team, Harsco is well-prepared to sustain a consistent stream of revenues, earnings, cash flows and dividends.
We will be focusing a considerable amount of our attention this year to improving the operat- ing margins of each of our business units. Our Six Sigma and Economic Value Added (EVA¨) disciplines are providing meaningful insight and improvement to our operating processes and capital investment. We will continue to give consideration to sensible, bolt-on acquisitions to enhance our industrial services growth, recognizing that any such acquisition must be consis- tent with our EVA improvement culture and must give us a meaningful strategic advantage. Consistent with Harsco's tradition, we will continue to execute our plans and strategies in a prudent and financially sound manner, preferring sustainable long-term growth and profitabil- ity over transient, short-term gain. We are able to evaluate our opportunities with insight, we plan with foresight, and we execute with the appropriate oversight.
   2 HARSCO CORPORATION 2004 ANNUAL REPORT

I made the following exhortation to all of Harsco's worldwide employees in our most recent Company newsletter. "Once upon a time, I was invited to meet with the Chairman of one of the world's largest steel companies. He asked me to bring along my senior management team. The conversation over dinner was warm and friendly. At the end of the meal, he said, 'I'd now like to address with you the purpose of my invitation.' Expecting a continuation of the evening's cordial tone, I was, to say the least, shocked when he continued, 'You have been a supplier for about 50 years. Of late you have been a very bad supplier, and I am firing you from one of our plants.' Looking across the table, he then wagged his finger at me and said, 'I have one message for you, young man. Beware the complacency of incumbency.'
Fortunately, we heeded that wakeup call, and today they remain one of Harsco's largest cus- tomers. That indictment, however, has been indelibly impressed on my mind ever since. In fact, in my now 39 years in business, I would rank it as being one of the best pieces of advice that anyone has ever given to me. I think it's true of any relationship situation. When we become complacent and think everything is going OK, it is very easy to lose one's focus and fall into mediocrity. Complacency breeds self-satisfaction and indifference. It is also the same in business. When we become complacent about our customers, complacent about our sup- pliers, or perhaps more directly, complacent about the job we have, we tend to lose our com- petitive edge, and the results are inevitably unpleasant. It is not a good thing to feel 'secure.'
We have just completed a very good year, one in which Harsco has set several new records for performance. We all can, and should, take a substantial measure of pride and satisfaction from these accomplishments. Harsco's transformation journey has required a considerable degree of patience as we have rebuilt the company brick by brick. I believe that patience is now being rewarded.
Moreover, we have many opportunities to further grow this Company, and with the proper and appropriate execution of our strategies, I believe we will. Harsco has a bright future, and it is my opinion that our best is yet to come. We all need to be mindful, however, that the best can only come if we do not allow ourselves to become complacent along the way.
I intend to enjoy 2005, take a look at what I'm about, and seek new ways of refreshing my attitudes, applying my energy and creativity. Less defense, more offense. Less personal administration, more action. I will continue to do. . . not just to say. How about you?"
The current business "environment" is very demanding, and on behalf of the stockholders and Board of Directors, I thank our Harsco colleagues around the world for their value- creating endeavors and success.
Derek C. Hathaway
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2005
 HARSCO CORPORATION 2004 ANNUAL REPORT 3
