                 Dear Shareholders:
We entered 2011 with cautious optimism.
We looked forward to a transition year that would usher in a new period of growth and relative stability. Instead we experienced another series of economic setbacks, particularly in Europe. We responded by changing our path as the year progressed so that we could achieve improved performance despite the economic reality. Most impor- tantly, we took a number of preemptive actions to drive our cost structure lower in support of two critical mileposts: accelerate Harsco Infrastructure’s return to profitability and continue to improve the operating margins of our Harsco Metals & Minerals business.
Indeed we did improve our base performance to $1.38 per diluted share from $0.91 per diluted share in 2010. Unfortunately, this excluded another significant restructuring charge of $1.05 per diluted share announced in the fourth quarter of 2011. This charge was mostly non-cash in nature. In addition we incurred a non-cash tax charge of $0.45 per diluted share.
To say the least, we have a lot of work to do. We are making progress in both our Metals & Minerals and our Infrastructure businesses, but the progress must be accelerated.
Fortunately, our Rail and Industrial businesses are delivering steady growth and solid returns, with many untapped global growth opportunities still ahead. We have great people and products,
we serve markets that need our capa- bilities and I can assure you that we are focused on the opportunities to create shareholder value.
I’m writing this letter only a couple of weeks into my temporary position of Interim Chairman and CEO. My job is
to help this talented team continue to improve our ability to create value, and to help our Board fill the CEO position with a person capable of taking Harsco and its incredible people and strengths to new heights. We thank you for your continued support of our efforts and look forward
to delivering on Harsco’s promise.
Henry W. Knueppel
Interim Chairman and CEO March 5, 2012
   Harsco Corporation 2011 Summary Annual Report 3
