REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS
 Harsco's strategic transformation to a diversified, global industrial services company withstood the challenges of the 2001
economic climate. With a full year's performance from our June 2000 SGB Group acquisition now included, revenues increased five percent to a record $2.1 billion, and would have increased another two percent, or an additional $41 million, but for the continuing strength of the U.S. dollar in translation against international currencies. Diluted earnings per share were $1.79 after the inclusion of $0.58 per share in net unusual costs, special charges and gains resulting from the aggressive strategic actions we undertook to address the recessionary environment. These included capacity reductions and plant consolidations within our manufacturing sector and provisions for doubtful receivables. Without these one-time special items, earnings per share were $2.37, nearly even with last year. Cash flows from operations exceeded $240 million. An additional $36 million in cash was generated from non-core asset sales, facilitating a re-arming of our balance sheet, a key objective we will pursue in 2002.
Given the year's economic realities, our results are an encouraging validation of the industrial services and global transformation strategies that have been our principal preoccupation. Harsco's future is being shaped by expanding opportunities for growth, better operational balance, and, as
we saw in 2001, limited downside risk during economic difficulties.
Our international scaffolding and access services business----the combination of our Patent Construction Systems division in the Americas and
our SGB Group acquisition covering Europe, the Middle East, and Asia----has performed well, enabling the Infrastructure segment to post its best year ever. We will continue to grow our market-leading positions in stable economies, providing total access solutions to major construction projects and other less-cyclical sectors such as the annual maintenance of power plants and refineries. We are also encouraged by the prospects for continuing international market share growth in our railway track maintenance services and equipment business, although the domestic market, especially among the major Class I railroads, remains soft.
Our market leadership in outsourced mill services is playing an important role in addressing the difficult competitive issues faced by the world- wide steel and metals industry, and makes us a value-adding partner to many of the industry's largest and strongest customers. Despite a signifi- cant drop in U.S. steel capacity utilization rates throughout most of 2001 and some 16 domestic steel producer bankruptcies within the last two years, our Mill Services segment revenues held almost even with the prior year, testimony to our global balance and diversification. We believe there are numerous and significant growth opportunities yet to be realized through additional services, customers, and markets.
GIVEN THE YEAR'S ECONOMIC REALITIES, OUR RESULTS ARE AN ENCOURAGING VALIDATION OF THE INDUSTRIAL SERVICES AND GLOBAL TRANSFORMATION STRATEGIES THAT HAVE BEEN OUR PRINCIPAL PREOCCUPATION.
    2 HARSCO CORPORATION 2001 ANNUAL REPORT

As it was in 2001, our most challenging area of operation in 2002 will again be our manufacturing- biased Gas and Fluid Control segment. We have taken most of the necessary actions to re-size capacity and cut costs, but recognize that for this segment to perform at historical levels, it will require a recovery in the broader manufacturing economy. Recent reports of lower customer inventory levels and an upturn in production demand are heartening, but it may not be until at least late in the second half of this year before we can reasonably expect the emergence of a sustainable improvement.
This year will be the first full year of implemen- tation of our Economic Value Added (EVA¨) management and financial system, and the first in which corporate-wide management incentive compensation will be EVA-based. EVA is designed to measure the actual value that a company creates after all of its costs are met, including the cost of capital. EVA in no way replaces leadership, judg- ment, experience, or hard work and execution, but we are confident it will add improved and measur- able financial discipline in the drive for enhancing stockholder value. We have, moreover, frozen all Company officer salaries at last year's levels pending evidence of our improving operating performance and more efficient use of capital.
We are expanding our successful industrial services businesses in proportion to total revenues, growing these activities from their current 63 percent to approximately 70 percent of annual revenues by the end of this year, and 75 percent or perhaps more by the end of 2003. We will repeat the financial strategies successfully undertaken in 2001, which include increasing our historically
 ample cash flows from operations, significantly reducing our current level of debt, and generating additional cash from the sale of non-core and under- performing assets, while also maintaining our cash dividend tradition. Harsco's characteristically strong balance sheet is a fundamental part of our strategy for ensuring the long-term stability and growth of the Company.
Recent turbulence and volatility have not diminished our confidence in Harsco's ability to take advantage of the improving economic environment that many predict is on the horizon. Harsco is posi- tioning to provide stockholders with a predictable level of earnings growth, limited downside risk, and a total return consistent with most investor expecta- tions. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the senior management team, we express our gratitude to all of our stakeholders for their support of
Harsco Corporation.
Derek C. Hathaway
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 8, 2002
    HARSCO CORPORATION 2001 ANNUAL REPORT 3
