CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
 To Stockholders
At the conclusion of my service to Harsco and our various stakeholders, the results of 2007 affirm the success of the long-term strategic plan execution to which the Harsco team has been committed and which will, we believe, continue to provide a reliable foundation to Harsco’s future.
Our performance in 2007 established a number of new high-water marks in the Company’s history. Revenues increased by 22% to a record $3.69 billion, thus marking our fifth consecutive year of revenue growth. Income from continuing operations increased 37% to $255.1 million, or $3.01 per diluted share, also records. Cash flow from operations, a hallmark of Harsco’s financial strength, increased 15% over the prior year, enabling us to invest a record $444 million of capital in growth projects and the maintenance of our business. Our strong performance is the product of a well-balanced portfolio of substantial industrial services
businesses that are positioned to deliver on Harsco’s growth goals in the coming years.
Harsco’s balance is reflected in the 2007 segment contributions to operating income. Access Services accounted for 40%, Minerals & Rail Services and Products for 31%, and our Mill Services group accounted for the remaining 29%. Overall operating margins increased to 12.4% while our return on average capital from continuing operations improved to 12.2%. These, too, are records, and relate directly to our fundamental pursuit of value on behalf of Harsco stockholders.
2
Harsco Corporation 2007 Annual Report

 Economic Value Added (EVA®) performance once again achieved record levels in 2007. We would note also that the year marked our 14th consecutive annual dividend increase. It is a cornerstone of Harsco’s value
competitive businesses each with substantial leadership positions in the markets served. Our footprint now extends to 50 countries throughout the world. We serve
creation and cash generation objectives to provide a consistent and immediate reward to stockholders in conjunction with the numerous other potential calls on our resources.
Our business profile at the end of 2007 reflects
all of the essential elements of our stated
strategic objectives. Industrial services
accounted for 86% of our total sales. Revenues generated outside the United States approximated 70%, clear evidence of our continuing internationalization efforts. Sales from rapidly developing economies such as the Middle East and Latin America accounted for nearly 20% of 2007’s international sales total. A major component of our more than decade-long strategic transformation was the completion of the sale this past December of our Gas Technologies group manufacturing operations.
It is our belief that the full value of Harsco’s potential remains to be realized.
large, vital global industries that will continue to play an essential role in support of the world’s economic and infrastructure expansion.
 It is our belief that the full value of Harsco’s potential remains to be realized. We are a company of modern,
If there is to be a legacy of my tenure as the leader of our corporation, it is that our stockholders have been rewarded for their support, and that Harsco’s future is in such capable hands. Thank you for the opportunity to serve.
Derek C. Hathaway Chairman
March 3, 2008
Harsco Corporation 2007 Annual Report
3
