  REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS
T he theme of this year's cover reflects the successful transformation of your Company, begun some years ago. Once an old-style U.S. manufacturing business with limited
international activity, Harsco is now recognized as a modern, industrial services-focused business having broad international scope and global opportunities for growth.
The success of our principal strategies for industrial services and international expansion are evidenced in our major accomplishments of this past year. Led by solid performance in our mill services and track technologies businesses and the strengthening of several of the key international currencies in which we operate, Harsco revenues increased to more than
$2.1 billion, a new record for the Company and an improvement of more than 7 percent over the previous year. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled nearly $263 million, also a record. Consistent with our change objectives, industrial services exceeded 70 percent of total revenues for the first time in our history. Nearly 60 percent of total revenues were generated outside the United States.
In 2003, income from continuing operations was $87.0 million, or $2.12 diluted earnings per share, compared with income of $88.4 million, or $2.17 diluted earnings per share in 2002. Including discontinued operations, net income was $92.2 million or $2.25 diluted earnings per share, compared with net income of $90.1 million, or $2.21 diluted earnings per share in 2002. Income from discontinued operations was $5.2 million, compared with $1.7 million in 2002.
The year was not without its challenges, notably the lingering U.S. manufacturing recession and the weak non-residential construction market that continued to impede the better performance expected from our manufacturing and access services businesses. We also experienced a second year of significant pension expense increase. To arrest further increases, we took decisive pension plan design actions that will assure more predictability and affordability in this area, while forecasts of a modest recovery in the manufacturing and non-residential construction sectors add to our improving outlook overall.
Harsco's ability to generate substantial cash from operations remains one of the Company's strengths and the principal catalyst to our future growth. In the past five years alone, our transformed business model has enabled us to channel more than $1.1 billion into capital expenditures and targeted acquisitions in execution of our long-range growth plan. This past year, we increased our capital expenditures by approximately $30 million to further reinforce the growth of our core industrial services businesses. Our cash resources have also enabled us to re- arm our balance sheet, including the further pay-down of debt by approximately $86 million on
 2 HARSCO CORPORATION 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

 a cash basis this past year. The Company's debt-to-capital ratio now stands at approximately
44 percent, its lowest level in four years and well within the ranges of our long-held investment grade credit rating. We continue to reward our stockholders with an immediate and predictable return on your investment, having paid out nearly $200 million in cash dividends over the past five years.
The rigorous discipline of our Economic Value Added (EVA¨) system has enhanced our strategic ability to prudently manage the Company's assets for long-term growth. Now entering our third year since formal implementation, EVA reinforces the responsibility held by all Harsco employees to think and act like owners when committing the Company's capital, and has become the principal driver of our management incentive compensation program. The Company's improved EVA performance in 2003 exceeded our targets. We look for further EVA improvement in 2004 and beyond.
We note that our continued diligent communication to the investment community of Harsco's strategies and accomplishments has heightened awareness as well as market valuations of HSC common stock. Our strong commitment to long-term growth in expanding worldwide industry sectors is being understood and appreciated by analysts and investors.
We have established a solid foundation for Harsco's future. We have worked hard to build market-leading positions in long-term businesses that we know and understand. We will continue to invest strategically and prudently, carefully considering the political, economic and cultural risks that may arise.
It has been my privilege to lead your Company for ten years, and I am looking forward to the next phase of our journey.
"Let us go forward together."
Winston Churchill
 Derek C. Hathaway
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 11, 2004
HARSCO CORPORATION 2003 ANNUAL REPORT 3
