 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,
 2005 was another record year...
 ...for Henry Schein—one that culminated in our opening the NASDAQ® Stock Market for trading on November 30th to celebrate Henry Schein’s tenth anniversary as a publicly-traded company.
During the past decade, we have built a strong record of success by capitalizing on trends influencing the markets we serve and committing ourselves to meeting our customers’ needs. As an integrated products and services company, Henry Schein is ideally positioned to serve the emerging global market of dental, medical, and veterinary office-based practitioners who have similar needs across geographic borders. Our markets are being fueled by a generation of baby boomers who are educated, affluent,
and willing to spend more to stay healthy and look good as they age. As awareness of the correlation between oral health and overall well-being increases, dental expenditures have risen, driven by greater demand for cosmetic dentistry, wider dental insurance coverage, and a growing use of dental pharmaceuticals. Similarly, medical expenditures have increased as procedures migrate from acute-care settings to physician’s offices and alternate-care settings, and as the use of vaccines and other pharmaceuticals continues to grow. And with increasing expenditures to care for a growing pet population, the veterinary companion animal market remains strong.
As we have taken advantage of these opportunities, our net sales have grown at a 10-year compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of more than 22%, rising from $616 million in 1995 to $4.6 billion in 2005. This drove
 Henry Schein is ideally positioned to serve the emerging global market of dental, medical and veterinary office-based practitioners.
  
 increases in our income from continuing operations ($9 million to $162 million, a 33% CAGR) and earnings from continuing operations per diluted share ($0.35 to $1.82, a 18% CAGR), which drove our market capitalization from $400 million at our initial public offering to nearly $4 billion at the end of 2005 (a 25% CAGR). This 1995 financial data excludes special management compensation and does not reflect subsequent restatements for pooling of interest transactions.
During the past decade, the countries where we have operations grew from 8 to 19, as the number of customers we serve increased from 200,000 to more than 500,000. To serve these customers, Team Schein grew from 2,600 members to nearly 11,000.
Our Company’s 10 years of success is a result of the spirit of partnership with our customers. Each customer has an individual set of needs that we strive to meet every day, and the power of this customer partnership can be seen in our strong financial performance.
Financial and operational successes
We posted record net sales of $4.6 billion in 2005, an increase of 18.9% over the prior year, including 8.4% internal growth in local currencies. Our operating margin expanded by 68 basis points over 2004 while income from continuing operations and earnings per diluted share from continuing operations both increased by 30%. Each of our four business units posted market share gains for the year, with sales of $1.9 billion for Dental, $1.4 billion for Medical, $1.3 billion for International, and $88.2 million for Technology and Value-Added Services.
The financial success of our units was supported by our operational achievements for the year. Approximately 99% of items ordered in the U.S. and Canada are shipped without back ordering and are shipped on the same business day the order is received. We successfully implemented global corporate programs in human resources, information technology, inventory management, distribution, and other key operational
   Our Company’s 10 years of success is a result of the spirit of partnership with which we approach each of our 500,000 customer relationships.
   
 James Breslawski
   areas. And we generated better working capital management through improved turns in inventory and days sales outstanding for accounts receivable.
Expansion and growth
The year was marked by new responsibilities for proven Company leaders. After 25 years of service to the Company with increasing responsibilities, James Breslawski became Henry Schein’s President and Chief Operating Officer. Michael Zack, who has overseen Henry Schein’s international expansion and growth to nearly one-third of overall sales in his 17 years with the Company, recently was promoted to President of the International Group. These promotions underscored the depth of our core executive management team and were just two of many well-deserved Team Schein professional advancements. We also welcomed Paul Brons, a former member of the Board of Management of Akzo Nobel NV,
As we focused on our growth strategy of pursuing strategic acquisitions and joint ventures, Henry Schein continued to expand around the world, welcoming more than 1,000 new Team Schein Members to our Company during 2005. We created the leader in Canada’s expanding market for dental merchandise and equipment—Henry Schein Ash Arcona— through our acquisition of Ash Temple Ltd.
On the other side of the globe, we firmly established our Company as the leading dental distributor in Australia and New Zealand by acquiring Halas Dental Ltd. and Shalfoon Bros. Ltd. We further advanced our Pan-European strategy during the year, and by the end of the year we had completed our newly expanded global headquarters in Melville, New York.
Social responsibility
Henry Schein distinguished itself in the area of social responsibility during 2005 through numerous Henry Schein Cares activities. We used our core competencies to help aid disaster relief by shipping medical supplies to
    to the Henry Schein Board of Directors.
  Henry Schein distinguished itself in the area of social responsibility during 2005 through numerous Henry Schein Cares activities.

help victims of the devastating tsunami in Asia, mobilizing help to the victims of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in the U.S., and equipping medical teams deployed by the Disaster Resource Network to treat victims of the catastrophic earthquake that struck Pakistan. We also supported initiatives directly benefiting children, such as Give Kids a Smile, the annual American Dental Association’s program that provides free dental treatment to more than one million underserved children; and our Back-To-School® and Holiday Cheer programs, which helped needy children in our communities return to school with new outfits and school supplies and provided gifts to make the holiday season more memorable.
Our work in social responsibility during 2005, as well as other facets of our business, was widely recognized. As Henry Schein ascended to #445 on the FORTUNE 500 list of America’s largest companies as ranked by sales, our Company was ranked first in the “Wholesalers: Health Care” industry in the FORTUNE 2006 list of America’s Most Admired Companies.
For all of these reasons, 2005 was a milestone year in our Company’s 74-year history, but a milestone is only a marker on a much longer road that we continue to travel. I am convinced that the road Henry Schein is traveling with our customers, vendor partners, investors, and Team Schein Members stretches well into an increasingly brighter future, and that our best and most rewarding years are yet to come.
On behalf of our Board of Directors and my Team Schein colleagues, I thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Our best and most rewarding years are yet to come.
     