            TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)
 Beyond our financial results,
2012 was notable for the external recognition of our growth and success. We continued our steady climb up the Fortune 500, reaching #303, and we were ranked #10
on the Barron’s 500, an exclusive listing of the 500 largest publicly traded companies in the U.S.
and Canada, as measured by a combination of revenue growth, cash flow growth and investment return.
We also enjoyed growth in the important category of Team Schein. We welcomed Carol Raphael to our Board of Directors, and we completed a number of strategic transactions during 2012 involving each of our global businesses.
We expanded our market presence by welcoming Team Schein Members from Veterinary Instrumentation, the leading supplier of surgical instruments and implants to
veterinary surgeons in the U.K.; AUV Veterinary Services, the leading distributor serving
animal health practitioners in
the Netherlands and Belgium; C&M Vetlink, which expanded our animal health presence to Ireland; and Accord, a full-service dental provider in Thailand. We acquired Modern Laboratory Services, which strengthened our U.S. physician office laboratory presence, and we bolstered our product offering by acquiring Ortho Technology, which enhanced our position in the dental specialty market. We also acquired a majority interest in the Exan Group, a leading Canadian developer of software for dental schools.
Henry Schein now has more than 15,000 Team Schein Members around the world, connecting 3,000 supplier partners to more than 775,000 customers in over 190 countries.
2012 also was a year of significant evolution for our company as a leading contributor to the global dialogue on prevention and wellness. We shared our views on expanding access to health care and the importance of public-private partnerships with a variety of audiences, including the World Economic Forum at Davos;
the Global Conference for Social Change; and the Alliance for Oral Health Across Borders, among other venues.
We continued our deep commitment to social responsibility, ranking #1 overall in our industry in Fortune’s 2012 list of the World’s Most Admired Companies, and #1 in the industry in the categories of corporate social responsibility, global competitiveness, quality of management, quality of products/ services and long-term investment.
 Examples of how we partner with our customers to help them achieve their goals:
““After 5 years as a missionary dentist in Hong Kong, I moved back to New England and purchased an established dental practice housed in a historic farmhouse. While
a beautiful setting, I quickly found that the space was limiting the equipment and services I could offer, as well as the number of staff I could bring on. While attending
a Camlog implant course, I met a Henry Schein Equipment Sales Specialist, who
was also trained as an architect. He had a clear vision of how to improve the efficiency of our space while introducing new technology to help me run a more profitable business. In addition, Henry Schein’s Financial Services team was a partner in helping me fulfill my aspiration to design and equip a state-of-the-art practice to best serve
my patients. Today, our office showcases its past alongside modern technology and equipment thanks to Henry Schein’s knowledge, design expertise and business counsel. New patient traffic is already up 15 percent from last year.”
Dr. Ron Holiman, Plaistow, New Hampshire
 4

            TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)
 In 2012, we were also named to Ethisphere’s list of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for the first time, which honors companies that raise the bar for ethical standards through exemplary ethical leadership, worldwide business standards and commitment to corporate social responsibility.
Our financial success, and the external recognition of that success, reinforces our dedication to our corporate mission: improving
the efficiency of our health care customers so they can improve the lives of their patients. On a global basis, Henry Schein upholds an unwavering commitment to the success of our customers, which, in turn, contributes to the health and well-being of their patients and, ultimately, to the success of our company. While on the surface our
business involves the value-added distribution of products and services, if you look a little deeper, you will see that we are providing solutions to our customers’ clinical and business challenges. Importantly, this solutions-based approach extends to our relationships with our supplier partners, as well.
Providing solutions is a dynamic process that varies geographically and by customer type. In certain markets and with certain customers, our work is focused
on helping to navigate through strong macroeconomic headwinds, while elsewhere our focus is on enhancing growth and profitability. Yet, regardless of the circumstances, during the past 80 years, Henry Schein has built a reputation as a reliable and trusted advisor to our
customers and the most valuable customer to our supplier partners.
As we look forward to the future with confidence, we will continue to strive to provide our shareholders with an excellent return on investment and to ensure that Team Schein remains the most important asset in our values-based culture.
On behalf of our Board of Directors and my Team Schein colleagues, thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
             ““
“The Carolina Center for Occupational Health provides occupational “Greencross Ltd. is the largest veterinary group in Australia, with over 86 and correctional medicine in South Carolina. We rely on Henry Schein veterinary hospitals including specialty, emergency and general practices, for its high-tech, enterprise-wide solutions for inventory and materials as well as two veterinary pathology laboratories. Team members from management. These tools help us track our medical inventory on a Henry Schein Provet’s (HSP) operational team help with inventory real-time basis and ensure that we have critical supplies at all times management in all our hospitals including assisting with stock takes,
to meet the needs of our population. Equally as important, Henry barcoding stock on shelves in clinics, and providing scanners and an
Schein’s tools and expertise have saved us time and money with a fully IT platform to help manage our stock more effectively and efficiently. automated system to ensure that our medical inventory practices are The HSP education unit personnel have been exceptional in providing
held to the highest standard. At our last Immigration and Customs inspection, the inspector said that our implementation of inventory solutions should be held as the gold standard for other sites.” Herbert Drayton III, Vice President & Health Services Administrator for the Carolina Center for Occupational Health
resources, content and administrative support for our Certificate II and IV Veterinary nursing participants, as well as workshops for our nurses and practice managers. The relationship between Greencross and HSP is exceptionally strong and goes deeper than business synergies.”
Dr. Glen Richards, Managing Director, Greencross Ltd.
HENRY SCHEIN ANNUAL REPORT 5
