   12
To Our Shareholders,
We are ready! It’s on the
cover of this Annual
Report. And it’s on the
mind of every member
of Team Schein.
We’re ready to continue building on the significant success we achieved during 2000, and to leverage assets that are unmatched in our industry for the benefit of our customers and our shareholders. Last year, we carried out several initiatives to streamline our Company’s operations and improve efficiencies, and we put in place other initiatives that will benefit us for years to come.
Our results speak for themselves, as by any number of financial metrics, last year was a tremendous success for Henry Schein.
Our Financial and Operating Results
For the year 2000, adjusted net income was up 17% to $70.1 million, earnings per diluted share rose 16% to $1.67, gross margin improved by 60 basis points to 27.2% and operating margin
increased by 20 basis points to 5.4%. Cash flow from operations reached an impressive $153 million, and we paid down $84 million in debt.
We effectively managed our working capital with a 2-day improvement in accounts receivable days sales outstanding and a .3-turn improvement in inventory turnover. Our return on committed capital during 2000 was 24%, up from 22% in 1999.
We posted record sales of $2.4 billion last year, representing 4.3% growth over 1999. These gains were made despite the impact on our significant overseas operations of a strong U.S. dollar relative to the Euro. Eliminating the impact of foreign exchange, in local currencies our 2000 sales were up 6.3% compared with 1999.
Going forward, we are committed to our objectives of achieving accelerat- ing sales growth on a Company-wide basis, continuing improvements
in gross and operating margins, and generating continued strong cash flow as a result of a growing top line and improved efficiencies.
Our Markets
As evidenced by the results outlined above, we are driven by a commitment to continuous improvement. A contributing factor to that improvement is our focus on strict financial and opera-
tional accountability. Another factor is the attractiveness of our markets.
The annual healthcare products market for office-based practitioners
in North America and Western Europe is estimated at over $12 billion, and it is growing. For the most part, this market has been historically resistant to economic downturns and, overall, our customers’ businesses are doing well. We are positioned to capitalize on these growth trends with our unique combination of competitive pricing, which is made possi- ble by the purchasing power and economies of scale generated by our size, and the level of customer service and value-added services.
Our office-based medical customers are benefiting from the trend of procedures moving from acute-care settings to less costly alternate-care and physician-office settings. Our dental customers have been experi- encing a rise in the average number of procedures they perform each year, and a growing awareness of the relationship between oral health and a patient’s overall well being. A deeper focus on the prevention
of oral cancer has been the subject of several recent dental industry journal articles. We are proud to have an opportunity to play a role in increasing the awareness of the importance of early cancer detection
®
through our exclusive distribution of OralCDx , a breakthrough product
in oral cancer detection. OralCDx not only helps our customers save patients’ lives, but provides a new stream of revenue for their practice.
We are dedicated to helping improve access to quality healthcare. To that end, we have responded to the Surgeon General’s Report on Oral Health in America, which pointed out the disparity in the delivery of healthcare throughout the United States, by establishing a formulary of products at discounted prices specifically for practitioners who treat patients in the “underserved” communities as identified in the Surgeon General’s report.
As business partners of our customers, we are always striving to find new ways to help practitioners succeed. As small business managers and owners, our customers embrace the use of technologies that fully integrate their offices to make their practices more profitable. We are at the forefront of that trend. We strongly support the needs of office-based practitioners in the integration of their workstations to include accounting systems, electronic charting, integrated digital x-ray, inventory ordering and inventory management. In addition, we have introduced a new product to help improve the vital communications between the dental practice and the dental laboratory. With lab fees the dentists’ single largest operating expense after salaries, this new product will help improve the practice’s profitability.

 A Commitment to Superior Performance
Last year’s performance of our largest group, our Dental opera- tions, was led by a turnaround in equipment sales. Under the Achieving Excellence initiative, we implemented a number of
changes to help this group succeed, including the beginning of a pro- gram to provide portable computer-based tools to all professionals who have contact with our customers. Additionally, we streamlined our pro- curement program for large dental equipment. But most importantly, the growth in dental equipment sales could not have been achieved without the enthusiasm of our sales organization.
Sales to our medical and veterinary practitioners were strong throughout 2000, as well. We continue to be a leading vaccine supplier to office- based medical practitioners; we serve as a prime vendor supplier to such organizations as US Oncology, Inc., the largest network of com- munity-based cancer physicians, clinicians, nurses and administrators in the world; we provide customized formulary plans to organizations including the American Medical Association and the American Society of Plastic Surgeons; and we are the prime vendor to Veterinary Centers of America.
On the international front, we have a market presence in more countries than any competitor. We are the only Pan-European dental supplier with a growing presence in the medical and veterinary markets. Going forward, we believe we have significant opportunities for growth in this highly fragmented market.
Leveraging Our Desktop Presence
Currently, nearly one in three U.S. dental practices are using a Henry Schein practice management product. This gives us a unique and significant opportunity to leverage our desktop pres-
ence with a host of other programs to maximize the inherent synergies.
Our DENTRIX® and Easy Dental® practice management products, and our AVImark® software system for veterinary clinics are supported by a high level of customer satisfaction ratings. And, we intend to continue to lead the industry in the development of the clinical workstation of the future.
For example, we are looking at an inventory management system, linked through the Company’s completely new Web site. This supplements current technology that offers inventory monitoring services, purchase tracking and past purchase review. Ultimately, the system may anticipate equipment service needs, too. But for now, from what we’ve heard from our customers, we’ve hit a home run with the technology improvements we’ve made.
Our No. 1 Asset
None of this would be possible, of course, without the commit- ment and energy of our most important asset – our Team Schein Members.
The success of our customers is directly related to Team Schein’s foundation and principles, those being:
• A participatory environment that promotes a healthy exchange of ideas
• A philosophy that each person is as important as the next
These principles, coupled with the support of our customers and supplier partners, help us remain fully committed to providing innovative and dedicated service.
We have made a significant investment in training and in technology to enhance the ability of our salesforce to maximize the benefits of the suite of sales and support tools available to them. This effort was extremely successful, and we remain 100% committed to attracting and retaining the industry’s best sales talent.
Midyear, we undertook a strategic restructuring that was designed to align our human capital with our business prospects. Though difficult, that ini- tiative is behind us. Team Schein and our infrastructure is fully focused on tapping into the opportunities our industry-leading position affords us.
Looking Forward
We have plenty of opportunity to expand market share organically and through acquisitions, both in the U.S. and internationally. In many ways, with its large number of small, regional players, the European marketplace resembles the U.S. market- place 10 years ago.
We also have opportunities to drive additional costs out of our business. We will continue to remain focused on gaining efficiencies throughout the organization, reducing expenses where we can, and reviewing assets to ensure they are meeting our stringent performance goals. We’ll sharpen our focus on our core value-added distribution business as we continue to selectively dispose of assets, as we have done in the recent past with Novocol, a pharmaceutical manufacturing company, and our U.K. software development unit.
We will capitalize on the critical mass we’ve built over the past five years, and will create additional value-added opportunities by better aligning our individual businesses. We are ready!
I encourage you to read the preceeding pages of this Annual Report, which discuss traits that will deliver future success: Efficiency, Reliability, Innovation, Adding Value and Teamwork.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and Team Schein, I thank you for your continued support and reaffirm our commitment to creating value for you, our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
April 2001
  • An open-door policy that encourages communication
13
