 As the theme of this Annual Report suggests, 2009 was a time of economic challenge for most companies. Yet during the year, Henry Schein successfully uncovered new opportunities
and positioned our Company to emerge stronger than ever.
In 2009, our net sales of $6.5 billion represent growth of 2.5% compared with 2008. This includes 5.7% growth in local currencies and 3.2% decline related to foreign currency exchange. Income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for 2009 was
$308.6 million or $3.41 per diluted share, an increase of 24.7% and 25.8%, respectively, compared with 2008.
In the fourth quarter of 2009, for the first time in the Company’s history, Henry Schein’s International Group led all other business groups in sales. This milestone was the result of the Company’s continued commitment to build a business portfolio that is balanced between its North American and International operations.
Excluding unusual items, income from continuing operations attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. for 2009 was $289.5 million or $3.20 per diluted share, an increase of 8.7% and 9.6%, respectively, compared with 2008.
We are pleased to have achieved the earnings per diluted share goal during a challenging economy and despite receiving reduced seasonal influenza vaccine product. We also achieved 23 basis point operating margin expansion (on a non-GAAP basis), and had a record operating cash flow of almost $400 million.
We finished the year strongly in each
of our four business groups. We saw quarterly growth in dental consumable merchandise and less of a decline in dental equipment for both the third and fourth quarters of 2009, which we believe indicates positive trends in the dental market.
Henry Schein International Growth
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
         4
Since 1991, when Henry Schein established its first European operation in the Netherlands, the Company’s International Group has grown to include operations in
21 countries outside of North America. Throughout Europe and the Middle East, in Australia,
New Zealand, China and Hong Kong SAR,
Henry Schein now has operations or affiliates.
And with a steady stream of strategic international mergers and acquisitions – most recently an animal health business in the Czech Republic, a dental business in Italy, and a medical business in Germany – the Company remains committed to being a leader in the growing number of global markets it serves.

   Our medical sales growth reflects strong sales of consumable products and products related to the treatment and prevention of the H1N1 virus. In the fourth quarter of 2009, our International Group’s sales were the largest of our four business groups for the first time ever (see sidebar article on page 4),
and we had double-digit growth in our International dental, medical and animal health businesses. We also saw continued strong growth in electronic services and solid sales of international products in our Technology and Value-Added Services Group.
In 2009 we took advantage of new opportunities to expand and evolve. One of the most significant events announced in November was the creation of Butler Schein Animal Health, a transaction that was completed in early fiscal 2010 (see sidebar article below). Butler Schein Animal Health began operations with the largest veterinary sales and distribution footprint in the United States with revenues for
the last 12 months of approximately $850 million, an increase of $620 million from our existing sales levels. With the addition of Butler Schein Animal Health, on a worldwide basis our veterinary sales will represent approximately $1.4 billion in annual sales.
Other recent important mergers and acquisitions include the leading distributor of animal health supplies in the Czech Republic; a national dental equipment sales and service distributor in Italy; a full-service provider of medical consumables, equipment and technical services in Germany; and a U.S. orthodontics manufacturer and distributor. While Butler Schein Animal Health adds about $600 million in annualized net sales, smaller acquisitions represent approximately $120 million in annualized net sales. Additionally, there are many opportunities for further expansion as approximately 40-45%
of the global markets we serve are currently represented by smaller independent distributors.
In 2009 we continued our strategy of offering exclusive and non-exclusive products to our customers. An example of this is our relationship with Allscripts for their Professional Electronic Health Record, which became the foundation for Henry Schein’s ConnectHealthSM initiative (see sidebar article on page 6).
To take advantage of emerging new market opportunities, we created our Global Health Care Specialties Group. This important new group – which includes our Dental Specialties, Exclusive Brands, and Handpiece Repair businesses – reflects the strong entrepreneurial spirit that has driven our Company since we were founded, and will be instrumental as we help drive the success of our customers’ practices around the world.
Butler Schein Animal Health
     Butler Schein Animal Health, the largest veterinary sales and distribution company
in the United States with revenues of approximately $850 million for the past
12 months ($620 million incremental to Henry Schein), was announced on
January 4, 2010 through the combination of Butler Animal Health Supply and
Henry Schein’s U.S. companion animal health business. Butler Schein Animal Health builds upon the outstanding reputation and strong customer focus that are the long-standing hall- marks of these organizations.
Approximately 900 Butler Schein Animal Health team members – including approximately 300 field
sales representatives and approximately 200 telesales and customer support representatives – serve companion animal health customers in all 50 states. Among the many benefits the new company provides to our customers are the broadest selection of products and value-added services in the industry, and the efficiency and convenience of ordering from one primary supplier.
Butler Schein Animal Health also provides manufacturers with unmatched marketplace reach and insight. Among Butler Schein Animal Health’s supplier partners are Novartis, Bayer, Lilly, Sumitomo, Fort Dodge, Virbac and Schering (previously only sold by Henry Schein), as well as Merial products (previously only sold by Butler Animal Health Supply).
Butler Schein Animal Health complements Henry Schein’s domestic operations as well as Henry Schein Animal Health International’s platform in Europe. Henry Schein owns a majority interest in Butler Schein Animal Health, with the remainder held by the previous owners of
Butler Animal Health Supply.
                                     HENRY SCHEIN ANNUAL REPORT 5

   We also believe that we reached a mile- stone during 2009, as the more than 600,000 customer accounts we serve now represent more than one million health care providers. We are proud that more than one million professionals worldwide are benefitting from our products and services, which we believe is more than any other company.
In January 2010 we announced the appointment of Bradley T. Sheares, Ph.D. to our Board of Directors.
Dr. Sheares served as CEO of Reliant Pharmaceuticals through its acquisition by GlaxoSmithKline, and for 19 years was with Merck. Dr. Sheares brings to our Board a wealth of health care knowledge in a quickly changing medical landscape.
With the achievements of 2009, we believe that Henry Schein is well positioned to meet future challenges to take advantage of future opportunities that will benefit the five constituencies we serve. We will remain focused on meeting the needs of our dental, medical and veterinary customers, helping them operate more efficient and successful practices so they can deliver high quality care to patients. We will continue to forge strong partnerships with our suppliers who trust us to represent their
products in the marketplace. We will continue to operate our business in an efficient and fiscally responsible manner to ensure our stockholders a good return on investment. We will ensure that
Team Schein, our most important asset, remains committed to the values that have been the foundation of our success. And we will continue to give back to the communities in which we operate through the expanding scope of our Henry Schein Cares activities (see page 8 for more information
about these activities).
         PAYORS
                                     STATE IMMUNIZATION REGISTRIES
SURGERY
CENTERS & HOSPITALS
                                                                             LABS
COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS
                                                    OTHER PHYSICIAN PRACTICES
PHARMACIES
                  Allscripts and ConnectHealth
     In 2009, Henry Schein signed an exclusive marketing agreement for the Allscripts ProfessionalTM Electronic Health Records, an easy-to-deploy, physician-centric solution that improves the delivery of safe, cost-effective, high-quality care. Adding this award-winning product to Henry Schein’s extensive portfolio of
medical supplies, pharmaceutical, equipment, financial and other services enabled Henry Schein to serve
as a one-stop provider for physician practice needs. The strategic partnership with Allscripts became
the centerpiece of Henry Schein’s ConnectHealthSM initiative, which launched in 2010.
Health care reform initiatives in the United States include a focus on wellness and preventative care rather than disease treatment, and cost savings through the more efficient practice of medicine. To Henry Schein’s customers,
this translates into better outcomes for patients and increased practice efficiency and profitability. ConnectHealth helps
physicians achieve these goals by combining Allscripts, the leading practice management software company with more installed systems than any other; Midmark, Siemens and Welch Allyn, leading medical device companies; Dell, one of the leading computer services company in the world; Medline, a primary health care manufacturer and distributor; and
Henry Schein, the trusted advisor for all of a physi- cian customer’s needs.
ConnectHealth delivers
a unique integrated technology solution that works simply and reliably; is relevant to a physician’s specialty; provides seamless integration
and functionality, and is affordable through financing and bundling options. Henry Schein coordinates its installation
and management, and it provides physicians with an excellent return on investment. ConnectHealth is the right offering at the right time for the 500,000 American physicians in private practice and in numerous specialties
who are looking for the best way to introduce electronic health records into their practice.
                     6

   Henry Schein has done very well weathering the economic challenges of 2009 and finding new opportunities
for growth. Importantly, we also have helped our customers weather these challenges and sustain the success of their practices. Reflecting on the positive market trends from the fourth quarter
of 2009, we look forward to continuing market improvements in 2010 as our business model drives market share gains, and I remain convinced that our best years are yet to come. On behalf
of our Board of Directors and my
Team Schein colleagues, we thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                 Henry Schein Dental – We Do That!
    Henry Schein’s mission is to do everything possible to help our customers operate more efficient and successful practices, so health care practitioners can focus on providing the best clinical care to patients. We strive to be as relevant as possible
to our customers, especially during challenging economic times.
Henry Schein Dental’s
“We do that!” campaign underscores this relevance by highlighting the wide variety of products and services that we provide to dentists to maximize productivity, manage overhead, and attract and retain patients. Through our exclusive Practice Discovery Service, Henry Schein Dental Consultants analyze a
customer’s practice and provide tailored solutions to meet that customer’s unique professional goals. Whether it is fee structure and analysis; hygiene; radiography; periodontal programs; general exams; practice marketing; case presentation; or team harmony, at
Henry Schein Dental “We do that!”
            HENRY SCHEIN ANNUAL REPORT 7
