                        TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
  W. EDWARD WALTER
President and Chief Executive Officer
2009 was a year of exceptional challenges in the hospitality industry. The recession affected all the key drivers of lodging demand, including significantly lower GDP and business investment, further disruption in the credit markets and increasing unemployment. Compounding these difficulties, political pressure and public relations concerns over corporate travel further diminished booking activity and reduced attendance at group events. These factors combined to make 2009 the most difficult year operationally in Host’s history, which was reflected in the 19.9% decline in RevPAR at our properties.
While the decline in operations in 2009 was dramatic, our history of considered and prudent capital and asset management left us well-positioned to weather this difficult economic period and prepared to take advantage of opportunities created by the downturn. Our long-term focus on a strong balance sheet with balanced debt maturities and a liquidity profile that matches our capital commitments enabled us to successfully execute key financial transactions. We raised over $1.9 billion in capital in 2009 by issuing $790 million in common stock and $920 million of debt, as well
RICHARD E. MARRIOTT
Chairman of the Board
as completing over $200 million in assets sales. The proceeds were deployed to repay debt, thereby reducing our leverage levels and annual cash interest payments, and to make significant capital investments in our properties. As a result of these efforts, and despite the historic nature of the downturn in operations, we currently have over $1.1 billion of cash and $600 million of availability on our credit facility, with limited debt maturities over the next two years. Our ability to raise capital during such a difficult time is a testament to the successful execution of a long-term strategic plan and intelligent capital allocation, which has ultimately resulted in maximizing our financial flexibility as we move into 2010.
While our finance team was enhancing our already sound balance sheet, our asset managers were working with our operators to maximize revenues and minimize operating costs. For 2009, this meant directing our operators to implement contingency plans to reduce overall costs and slow margin deterioration, including right-sizing the work force to the amount of business being generated and reducing discretionary spending. At the same time, our managers accessed additional revenue channels, particularly e-commerce channels, in an
1
  HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2009

2
effort to offset the decline in revenues from more traditional sources. Not only did these efforts help to keep our margin decline to more manageable levels, but we believe many of the cost savings realized will improve the bottom line going forward, as the economy and our operations recover.
Despite the difficult economy in 2009, we continued to make thoughtful investments to maintain the world-class quality of our lodging portfolio. During the year, we completed $340 million of capital expenditures, which included $176 million of return on investment (ROI)/repositioning expenditures and value enhancement projects at numerous properties. While this represents a decline in spending levels from the significant three-year capital program we completed in 2008, it assures that our hotels are maintained at the highest standards of excellence while benefiting from lower, recession-driven construction costs. These investments provide some of our highest investment yields and are designed to take advantage of changing customer demographics while leveraging the favorable attributes of our urban and resort destinations, driving increased profitability and long-term stockholder value. These projects included the construction of a 38,000 square foot ballroom addition at the Swissôtel Chicago, a 12,000 square foot ballroom at The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island and a 10,000 square foot oceanview ballroom at the Harbor Beach Marriott Resort & Spa. We have now invested over $2.1 billion in the last four years, including the renovation of approximately 34,000 rooms and 2.0 million square feet of meeting space. Other projects span a broad array of areas including lobbies and public spaces, food and beverage facilities, spas, retail outlets, meeting space and rooms, as well as green energy conservation projects that yield a strong return on our investment.
The economy began a tentative recovery late in 2009, which we hope will continue to strengthen throughout 2010 and create the foundation for growth in operations in the lodging industry; however, with adversity comes opportunity, and Host is poised to take advantage. The strength and flexibility of our balance sheet provides us with a strong platform to acquire quality assets where we believe we can generate the highest returns. We remain focused on acquiring premium- branded properties in gateway cities and destinations with high barriers to entry and broad customer appeal. While our primary emphasis will remain on domestic investments, we will continue to diversify our holdings internationally by exploring opportunities in Asia, Europe and Latin America, in an effort to enhance stockholder returns.
Our goal is to be the premier lodging real estate company and to generate superior returns with reduced volatility to our stockholders by investing in the top domestic and international markets in the most profitable lodging properties. We appreciate the support of our stockholders, and we remain committed to providing you with attractive returns and increasing stockholder value.
Richard E. Marriott
Chairman of the Board
W. Edward Walter
President and Chief Executive Officer March 12, 2010
O
     HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2009
