 To our STockholderS
Throughout this challenging business cycle, we have kept a clear focus on our long-term goal: Maximizing stock- holder value through disciplined and opportunistic capital allocation and sound financial management. As a result, we achieved a number of important goals that have positioned the company for continued success.
2011 AccoMplishMenTs
2011 marked the second year in a row of solid growth for our business, which is significant considering the chal- lenges in the financial environ-
ment both here in the united
3 We acquired approximately $1.2 billion of assets in 2011, expanding our presence in target markets both globally and in the united States. Acquisitions during the year included the
 States and around the globe. operations across our portfolio have continued to strengthen, as lodging demand improves and we begin to realize the impact from over $2 billion in acquisitions and capital invest- ments during the past two years. Some of the highlights for 2011 include:
W. EdWaRd WaLTER President and chief Executive Officer
RicHaRd E. maRRiOTT chairman of the Board
Manchester Grand hyatt, San diego, the New York helmsley hotel, a portfolio of seven hotels in New Zealand and a control- ling interest in the hilton Melbourne South Wharf;
3 In 2011, we invested $202 mil- lion in redevelopment and return-on-investment capital projects that are designed to increase profitability of our
  3 our total revenue increased 12.9%, reflecting both the opera- tions of the 14 hotels that we acquired since July 2010 and a 5.6% increase in revenue at our comparable hotels. The increase in comparable hotel revenues was driven by a 4.3% increase in average daily rates and growth in occupancy resulting in a 6.1% increase in revPAr. our transient business outperformed the portfolio for the year, driven by strong demand and rate, while our group business began to show similar strength in the second half of the year;
3 Adjusted Funds from operations increased by 24% to $.92 per share, while Adjusted eBITdA grew 22% to $1.018 billion. Net loss for the year was $16 million, while diluted loss per common share was $.02 for the year;
properties. These projects included the redevelopment of the Atlanta Marriott Perimeter center and the chicago Marriott o’hare, where nearly every aspect of the properties were either renovated or enhanced including the rooms, lobby, restaurants, meeting space and mechanical systems;
3 We design our capital projects to achieve energy savings and integrate sustainable technologies and environmentally- friendly improvements. These projects include the moderniza- tion of the heating and cooling systems at the Sheraton New York hotel & Towers and the installation of energy efficient led lighting in over 90% of the public spaces at the San diego Marriott Marquis & Marina, as well as upgrades to nearly every mechanical system, significantly reducing the energy costs for both of these trophy properties;
 HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2011 1
    
   3 We pursued our strategic goal of strengthening the balance sheet by reducing our leverage level, enhancing coverage and balancing debt maturities. In addition to raising over $320 mil- lion of equity through our “at the market” offering programs, we issued $800 million of senior notes at the then lowest interest rates in company history, which allowed us to refinance or redeem over $680 million of debt. We also entered into a new $1 billion senior revolving credit facility which enhances our liquidity and financial flexibility; and
3 As of december 31, 2011, we had over $800 million of cash ($388 million of which will be deployed to redeem the remain- ing 2 5/8% senior exchangeable debentures, which is our only significant debt maturity in early 2012) and $880 million avail- able under the credit facility.
looking ForwArd
The operating environment for the lodging industry has bright- ened considerably over the past two years. We believe demand in the upper upscale segment, which includes most of our properties, will accelerate and has the potential to grow for several years as we benefit from a continuing economic recovery driven by expected increases in business investment and steady increases in employment. At the same time, new supply has remained well below historical levels, and we believe it will remain low for the near future providing an ideal environment for improving financial performance and solid growth in the lodging industry in 2012 and beyond. We believe that the posi- tive trends in the lodging industry create the opportunity for
business improvements, which, when combined with our strat- egy to enhance our portfolio through acquisitions and capital projects, ultimately will improve the competitive position of our company and increase stockholder value.
We are confident that our future is bright. The confidence is based on the knowledge that host hotels & resorts is the premier hos- pitality real estate company. The unmatched quality of the hotel investments we have made across the globe in gateway cities, such as San diego, San Francisco, chicago, New York, Boston, rio de Janeiro, london and Paris, that are operated by world class operators under well established brands makes us well positioned to succeed. We believe we are financially strong and poised to take advantage of opportunities around the globe by integrating economic opportunity, sustainable practices and corporate responsibility. We appreciate your support and remain commit- ted to providing superior stockholder value in the years ahead.
RicHaRd E. maRRiOTT
chairman of the Board
W. EdWaRd WaLTER
President and chief executive officer March 23, 2012
   2 HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2011
