                          TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
W. EDWARD WALTER [left] President and Chief Executive Officer
RICHARD E. MARRIOTT [right] Chairman of the Board
    The changes brought about by the weak economy and the credit market turmoil contributed to declines in revenues and profits for the travel and leisure industry in 2008. We expect to continue to face an even more challenging operating environment for 2009; however, we are well-positioned to meet these challenges and take advantage of opportunities when the economy improves.
Although even premier properties like ours that are managed by the best operators are not immune to external influences, the implementation of a wide array of revenue-enhancing and cost-reducing programs allowed us to react swiftly to the turbulent economic environment. We directed our managers to aggressively pursue new business and execute on portfolio-wide plans designed to contain costs. We continually assessed individual property needs and opportunities and took
action to ensure optimum results and maximum cash flow. While these actions were successful in slowing the effect of the downturn in business and exemplify the focus and disciplined approach to our business we strive for, overall our results were weaker compared to 2007.
Operating results for 2008 were affected by a decrease in occupancy of 2.4 percentage points, while average room rates were relatively unchanged, resulting in a RevPAR decline at our comparable hotels of 2.6% for the year. Business held up relatively well in the first half of the year; however, operating results deteriorated in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. Funds from operations were $1.74 per diluted share, compared to $1.91 per diluted share in 2007. Diluted earnings per share were $.76, a decline of over 40% from 2007.
2 HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2008
 
  MANAGING FOR TOMORROW
Our ability to maximize revenue and profit requires active and responsive asset management. Our industry- leading position as one of the largest owner of premium-branded, luxury and upper-upscale lodging properties enables us to benchmark best practices and identify value enhancement opportunities that provide a competitive advantage that drive our profitability. This wide-ranging industry knowledge has the potential to add tremendous value to our existing assets, as well as new acquisitions, which have never benefited from a third-party asset manager.
We challenge our operators to identify new revenue sources and to redeploy sales forces to capture available demand in order to maximize the yield per room. We benchmark the latest industry developments in e-commerce, including search engine strategies and other emerging technologies in order to encourage our operators to allocate marketing dollars that will attract business to our properties.
Protecting operating profit demands that cost control remain a top priority. Working with our operators, we have implemented significant contingency plans to help contain margin deterioration, while remaining cautious of their impact on the quality of our hotels or guest satisfaction. Our managers have been actively cutting discretionary spending, delaying the implemen- tation of brand standards, right-sizing the work force to the amount of business being generated, closing restaurant outlets or modifying hours of operations and other cost-saving measures. We also have proactively reduced utility costs through various “green” initiatives, as well as through our capital expenditure program, including the installation of energy efficient systems, such as cogeneration power plants, laundry water recycling and energy efficient lighting. The combined effect of these measures will help us to reduce margin erosion today, while enhancing profitability when the economy improves.
INVESTING FOR THE FUTURE
Maintaining the physical condition of our assets has always been a high priority. Over the past three years, we have invested $1.8 billion in capital expenditures at our properties in the most ambitious capital expenditure program in our history, including more than $900 mil- lion on return on investment (ROI)/repositioning and value enhancement projects. Ranging in scope from the complete repositioning of lobbies, guest rooms, restau- rants and meeting space to the development of world- class spas and ballrooms, these investments are designed to take advantage of the increasing importance of group business, superior locations and other opportunities that will ultimately increase cash flow and stockholder value.
We invested over $320 million in ROI/repositioning and value enhancement projects at 17 properties in 2008, including market-leading hotels like the Atlanta Marriott Marquis, where we created new food and beverage facili- ties, renovated all of the existing guest rooms and meeting space and constructed a new 26,000 square foot ballroom. All-encompassing projects in gateway cities, like the reno- vation of over 60,000 square feet of public space and food and beverage facilities and the construction of an 8,300 square foot ballroom at the San Francisco Marriott. In preparation for this year’s inaugural events, we finished the complete modernization of the JW Marriott in Washington D.C., including all public areas, all 772 rooms and 40,000 square feet of meeting space. Many of these projects were timed to coincide with the natural cycle for renewal and replacement expenditures, which resulted in additional renovations of over 11,900 rooms and over 465,000 square feet of meeting space across the portfolio in 2008.
We believe this extraordinary three-year capital expendi- ture program has significantly enhanced the value of our portfolio and provides us with a tremendous competitive advantage in the marketplace. While the level of capital expenditures will decline significantly in 2009, we will con- tinue to review and identify investment opportunities that have the potential to increase cash flows and asset values.
HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2008 3
 
THE W NEW YORK OFFERS A UNIQUE MIX OF INNOVATIVE DESIGN AND COMFORT, INSPIRING AND INDULGING ITS GUESTS IN THE CENTER OF MIDTOWN MANHATTAN. THIS 688-ROOM LUXURY HOTEL IS JUST STEPS AWAY FROM ROCKEFELLER PLAZA, CARNEGIE HALL, TIMES SQUARE AND WORLD-CLASS SHOPPING.
  The 218-room Brussels Marriott Hotel, owned by our European joint venture, offers luxurious accommodations in a historic setting. Located steps from the governmental seat of the European Union and the city’s most revered landmarks, this hotel is ideal for business and leisure travelers.
BUILDING ON A STRONG FOUNDATION
Whether we are enhancing our portfolio or acquiring premium assets, our goal is to always drive future revenue growth and create long-term stockholder value. We remain disciplined in our search for top-tier lodging properties around the globe that will pro- vide attractive returns on our investment and that will outperform other lodging assets over the next industry cycle. However, the availability of domestic assets that meet our demanding best-in-class standards and return expectations have been very limited since the second quarter of 2006. As a result, we have focused on recycling capital out of assets that do not fit our core portfolio, where we believe the potential for revenue growth is slower, the long-term capital needs are higher or where we can capitalize on attractive pricing and apply the proceeds to other business objectives. Since the second quarter of 2006, we have been a net seller of assets and have sold 15 properties, providing us with $1.1 billion of proceeds.
We did not acquire any new properties in the United States in 2008. However, our European joint venture acquired the 270-room Crowne Plaza Hotel Amsterdam City Centre, The Netherlands, which enjoys a prime location near the Central Station and the royal palace on Dam Square. This acquisition expands the portfolio to eleven properties in key destination cities across the continent.
We expect to continue to utilize the joint venture structure to finance external growth as it provides an excellent vehicle to access external capital and spread the inherent risk of hotel ownership in global markets. Early in 2008, we formed a second international joint venture, this time headquartered in Singapore in which we hold a 25% partner- ship interest. The Asian joint venture’s goal is to actively pursue opportunities in major markets such as China, Japan, Vietnam, India and Australia where we believe pricing is attractive and significant long term returns are attainable.
The Toronto Marriott Eaton Centre hotel
features luxury accommodations, a state-of-the-art 24-hour fitness center and Trios Bistro, whose floor-to-ceiling windows overlook historic
Trinity Square, all within minutes of the central business district of this bustling Canadian city.
4
HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2008
HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2008 5
    
SITUATED ALONG 13 MILES OF PRISTINE COASTLINE, THE RITZ-CARLTON, AMELIA ISLAND IS THE EPITOME OF SOUTHERN CHARM AT ITS FINEST. FEATURING A STATE-OF-THE-ART SPA, THIS 444-ROOM PROPERTY DEFINES LUXURY ACCOMMODATION TO EVEN
THE MOST DISCERNING VISITOR.
  Featuring the largest, pillar-free ballroom in the United States and over 450,000 square feet of meeting space, the 2000-room Orlando World Center Marriott
is a Florida landmark for discerning travelers.
We have always recognized the strategic importance of maintaining a strong balance sheet. We believe our capital structure provides sufficient flexibility, ample liquidity and a steady platform to take advantage of value-creating opportunities. In 2009, liquidity and access to capital will continue to be a critical focus. We expect to achieve this goal by proactively addressing debt maturities and reducing cash outlays until the timing of the economic recovery is more clear.
While access to the capital markets has been constrained by the credit crisis, we remain in a strong position. At year end, we had over $500 million of cash, which does not include $113 million in proceeds received from the February 2009 sale of the Hyatt Regency Boston. We have $400 million of available capacity under our credit facility and over 100 of our properties are unencumbered by mortgage debt, providing both near and long-term access to capital. This combination of a strategically designed capital structure and ample cash resources that more than cover our near-term debt
maturities represents a tremendous competitive advantage. Careful stewardship of these resources in today’s environment will leave us well-positioned to exploit oppor- tunities as the economy recovers.
A BRIGHTER TOMORROW
Our strategy for confronting the challenges to the industry in 2009 will be focused on several key themes. We are proactively addressing capital allocation needs, preserving liquidity and satisfying debt maturities. We entered this downturn with our portfolio in impeccable condition and, accordingly, we can significantly reduce our non-essen- tial capital expenditures. We will continue to work with our managers to improve oper- ating efficiencies that will lead to additional margin improvements now and when the economy improves. Lastly, we will continue to pursue opportunities in the capital mar- kets to provide financing for our future growth.
The Westin Seattle is the gateway to this vibrant city’s business and theater districts. The 891-room hotel’s unique design offers breathtaking views of the Northwest’s beauty, including Puget Sound and
the Olympic and Cascade mountain ranges.
6 HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2008
HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2008 7
SUPERIOR ASSET MANAGEMENT
     
EVERY FOUR YEARS, THE WORLD WATCHES THE PRESIDENTIAL INAUGURAL PARADE SWEEP FROM THE CAPITOL TO THE WHITE HOUSE, PART OF THE ONGOING PAGEANT OF U.S. DEMOCRACY. THE JW MARRIOTT HOTEL PROVIDES GUESTS WITH A BIRD’S-EYE VIEW OF HISTORY AND ACCESS TO THE NATION’S CHERISHED MONUMENTS.
   The Fairmont Kea Lani, Maui is Hawaii’s only all- suite luxury resort. Secluded in a tropical paradise, this resort offers authentic Hawaiian cultural experi- ences and warm, personal service, which reveal the essence of the familiar island greeting “aloha”.
There is one silver lining that emanates out of the credit crisis: new supply should be negligible in 2010 and beyond due to the lack of development financing. In addition, as hotels and companies such as ours that own hotels trade substantially below replacement cost, the incentive to develop new hotels will be delayed. Accordingly, once the economy recovers, we expect strong RevPAR and cash flow growth.
Our strategic vision remains focused and is unchanged by the current market turmoil. Our goal is to provide superior total returns through appreciation in asset values and growth in earnings and dividends. We seek the finest properties across the globe in prime urban and resort destinations that have the potential for significant capital appreciation.We direct our operators to aggressively manage our hotels to increase revenues and minimize operating costs, while pursuing selective capital improvements designed to increase profitability.
We will outlast this current crisis and we will succeed. We are, and will continue to be, the premier lodging real estate company. Our strength is rooted in the diversity and quality of our portfolio, our partnership with world-class operators with world-wide brand recognition, and the flexibility of our balance sheet. Our commitment to creat- ing stockholder value is absolute. We appreciate the support of our stockholders and we remain committed to earning your trust.
RICHARD E. MARRIOTT
Chairman of the Board
W. EDWARD WALTER
President and Chief Executive Officer March 19, 2009
The spectacular twin towers of the San Diego Marriott Hotel & Marina are adjacent to the Convention Center and Seaport Village and are within walking distance of the Gaslamp District, Farmers market and other popular attractions.
PORTFOLIO & CAPITAL ALLOCATION
 8 HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2008
HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2008 9
     