           John P. Bilbrey
President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Stockholder,
March 19, 2013
The Hershey Company continued its strong performance in 2012. Our financial and marketplace results demonstrate another good year for the company. We have the right strategies and long- term growth plans in place, and they are delivering solid results for our shareholders. I believe we are just starting to unlock the growth potential of our company.
We reported record net sales in 2012 of $6,644,252,000, an increase of 9.3% versus a year ago. We also achieved another solid year of earnings per share – diluted (EPS) growth, giving us a double- digit EPS compound annual growth rate for the last five years.
The consumer-centric business model that we have been executing against for the past five years has created a virtuous cycle that is delivering predictable, profitable and sustainable results. We’ve accelerated profitable organic sales growth, increased our leadership position in the U.S. marketplace, boosted margins and returns, and delivered record profitability. Our dedicated employees continue to execute our plans with excellence, enabling us to operate from a position of strength.
Our strong results provide us with the financial resources to fuel investments in our growing international businesses. Our Canadian business delivered its best year in 2012. Net sales in Canada hit an all-time high and the Reese brand further solidified its lead as the No. 1 chocolate brand in Canada. In China, our Hershey’s Kisses and Hershey’s chocolate are helping to drive double-digit sales increases. Our team in Mexico continues to win with strong performance from the Hershey’s and Hershey’s Kisses brands. We overtook Mars in the Mexican food channel to become the No. 2 player. Pelon Pelo Rico also continued its winning streak with growth of nearly 25% in 2012. In Brazil, our growth was more than double the category’s growth. At current exchange rates, we expect net sales in our businesses outside of the U.S. and Canada to grow 15 to 20% in 2013, putting us on track to achieve close to $1 billion in net sales by the end of 2014.
The U.S. CMG – candy, mint and gum – category continued its track record of solid growth in 2012 and was within its historical 3 to 4% growth rate. In 2012, Hershey’s retail takeaway outpaced the category and was up 5.7%, resulting in a market share gain of 0.6 points. In fact, we’ve gained market share in every channel in which we compete for two consecutive years. We take category leadership seriously and since 2009 have increased market share by 2.1 points. Our U.S. CMG market share is 30% and we have driven almost half of the category’s growth during the last three years.
2012 was another strong year for Hershey from a corporate social responsibility (CSR) perspective. We continue to distinguish the company as a CSR leader. We started the year with our announcement of Hershey’s Bliss chocolates certification and ended by committing to use 100% third-party certified cocoa in all of our products by 2020. In April, we released our second full CSR report, showing the progress we have made in supporting and implementing programs to protect the environment, support our communities, create a safe and desirable workplace, and demonstrate ethical business practices. Our efforts resulted in a number of recognitions and accolades from many significant stakeholders, including:
• Bloomberg Civic 50 as one of the 50 most civic-minded companies,
• Newsweek’s 2012 Green Ranking, moving up 172 spots from last year,

• The prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Index and one of only seven North American companies for the Food & Beverage category, and
• The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board advisory council to help develop sustainability reporting standards for the food and beverage industry.
Demonstrating our Hershey values strengthens our reputation and loyalty among the millions of consumers who love our products and expect nothing less from this great company.
Looking ahead to 2013, I continue to feel good about the direction of our core U.S. business and the innovation, variety and excitement we are bringing to the category. We have strong products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place for all our channels. These include the launch of several innovative new products such as Kit Kat Minis, Twizzlers Bites and Jolly Rancher Bites. We’ll support these new products and programs with coordinated in-store programming, merchandising and advertising that we believe will drive trial, repeat and increased velocity.
I’m also excited about the recent launch of our Brookside products into the food, drug and mass channels across the U.S. Brookside has proven to be a popular new addition to the confectionery landscape and we believe it will attract new consumers to the category.
We will build on our success in 2013 and are confident we’ll drive core brand volume growth and increase market share in the U.S. and our key geographies.
While the macroeconomic environment remains challenging, we are well positioned to succeed in the marketplace and deliver on our commitments in 2013. Our management team is confident in the company’s ability to deliver long-term value for all of our stockholders.
Thank you for your continued support.
John P. Bilbrey
Safe Harbor Statement
Please refer to the 2012 Annual Report to Stockholders that accompanies this letter for a discussion of Risk Factors that could cause future results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions expressed or implied in this letter to stockholders or elsewhere. This letter to stockholders is not part of our proxy soliciting material.
  