                   David J. West
President & Chief Executive Officer
To Our Fellow Stockholders,
March 22, 2010
The Hershey Company delivered strong results in a difficult environment during 2009. Overall, as stockholders, we can be extremely proud of what our Company accomplished. We have entered 2010 in a strong position and are encouraged by our prospects for the year.
Here are a few highlights:
• Full-year 2009 net sales were $5.3 billion, an increase of 3.2% on a reported basis. Excluding the impact of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 1%, net sales increased 4.2%.
• Full-year 2009 adjusted earnings per share-diluted, which we define on pages 19 and 20 of the Annual Report to Stockholders that accompanies this letter, were $2.17, an increase of 15% over 2008.
• Operating cash flow was a record $1.1 billion.
• Dividend increased by 7.6% in February 2010.
Our 2009 marketplace performance was strong in the channels where we concentrated our resources. Hershey retail takeaway was up 7.2% for the full year in the channels that account for over 80% of our U.S. retail business. We also gained market share in the channels measured by syndicated data for the first time since 2005. Our in-store sales force continues to be a competitive advantage and differentiates Hershey from its competitors.
Our marketplace performance was the result of our increased investment in our core brands, consumer insights and global infrastructure. For the year, we increased advertising by 50% over 2008! Our investment in Hershey’s brand-building initiatives and selling capabilities enabled our marketplace success. This investment was funded by savings from our Global Supply Chain Transformation program and the successful implementation of a price increase made necessary by increasing commodity and other input costs. Both of these initiatives were vital to creating the resources to invest in our brands.
We also made progress in our international business and continued our long-term strategy of investing in our global infrastructure in strategic markets. In 2009, these investments included our global SAP software implementation and our acquisition of the Van Houten business in Asia.
Undoubtedly, many of you read the speculative press reports over the past couple of months regarding Cadbury. As a matter of policy, we generally do not comment on merger and acquisition issues.
But I can tell you, The Hershey Company undertook a rigorous and disciplined examination of a potential bid for Cadbury. The Board of Directors and senior management team unanimously decided not to make an offer for Cadbury. While certain parts of Cadbury were attractive, a successful bid simply did not fit within our long-term financial framework. Thanks to the commitment of Hershey’s employees, our team remained focused and closed the year successfully, without allowing the rumors and speculation to become a distraction.
We remain steadfastly committed to investing in our global infrastructure over the long term, and we continue to make progress. Over the past five years, our international business has grown at a compound annual rate of about 20%. We’ve strengthened our position in China, India, Brazil, Mexico and other key global markets. As we look to the long term, Hershey has many opportunities to leverage its global brands and U.S. scale. The new consumer-based model is working in the U.S. and

this approach is being adopted in our international markets. In recent years, we have seen the benefits of a focused, disciplined approach across our business. We will continue to evaluate future acquisition opportunities in a disciplined manner to ensure an appropriate fit within our strategic framework.
With almost a 45% share of the U.S. chocolate market, we remain encouraged by our position in the marketplace and our ability to compete successfully. We remain committed to category leadership and will strive to deliver our iconic brands to consumers around the world as we continue to be the confectionery solution for all customers, in all channels, in the near and long term.
Moving into 2010, we will continue to execute our consumer-driven strategy. Our brand-building initiatives continue to deliver results with consumers, as evidenced by our core brand market share gains. During the first half of 2010, we will continue the distribution and rollout of our new Hershey’s Bliss white chocolate and continue the expansion of the Pieces format to include Hershey’s Special Dark, Almond Joy and York brands. In the second half of 2010, we’re bringing innovation to our largest brands, with Reese’s Minis and Hershey’s Drops candies. These offerings will enable our largest brands to participate in the rapidly growing hand-to-mouth segment.
We expect to increase advertising by 25% to 30% during the year, supporting our new product launches and core brands – particularly Hershey’s, Reese’s, Hershey’s Kisses, Hershey’s Bliss, Twizzlers and Kit Kat. We will also launch new advertising campaigns behind the Almond Joy, Mounds and York brands and increase support for key international brands.
Hershey has long been category captain, based on our proprietary tools and our unmatched in-store sales force. Moving forward, we are working with retailers to leverage our deep knowledge of consumer behavior and shopper preferences to drive profitable growth. Specifically, I’m pleased to announce the launch of Insights Driven Performance – IDP – a collaborative initiative with key retail customers that leverages the Company’s deep knowledge of consumer behavior and shopper preferences to deliver profitable confectionery growth. We have shared the concept of IDP with many of our key retail partners who are excited about this new approach and how it will transform the way consumers shop for candy, changing store layouts and fixtures and growing the category.
Increased levels of consumer investment and brand support, as well as collaborative efforts with retail customers in all classes of trade, will continue and should deliver improvement in net sales within our 3% to 5% long-term objective. Additionally, we have good visibility into our 2010 cost structure and expect our growth in adjusted earnings per share-diluted to be within our long-term objective of 6% to 8%. Despite the macro-economic challenges facing consumers, the category continues to grow across retail channels, in both the measured and non-measured outlets. Our advertising, consumer investments and insights work will enable Hershey to consistently and predictably achieve its financial targets.
Hershey possesses significant advantages, including iconic brands, an enviable position in North America, a strong footprint in key emerging markets and most importantly, what I believe is the best team in the industry. Our Board of Directors and management team remain confident in Hershey’s consumer-driven strategy and in the Company’s ability to execute and deliver long-term value for all stockholders. Thank you for your support.
David J. West
Safe Harbor Statement
Please refer to the 2009 Annual Report to Stockholders that accompanies this letter for a discussion of Risk Factors that could cause future results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions expressed or implied in this letter to stockholders or elsewhere. This letter to stockholders is not part of our proxy soliciting material.
  