  dear shareholders
 we are focusing on our
strengths
The fiscal year ended September 30, 2001 was very challenging for Ruddick Corporation.
Reported earnings were disappointing, but that does not tell the entire story. We believe that your company took appropriate and important actions to create a solid foundation for future growth and to persevere through the uncertain times that we currently face, particularly in the textile business.
We enter 2002 from a position of strength as evidenced by the strong balance sheet fundamentals and the restructuring actions taken in 2001. We are secure in the knowledge that Ruddick Corporation will continue to identify areas where we can improve our competitive position. We will build upon the pro- grams we have put in place in the past several years to strengthen our position in both of our industries.
Throughout fiscal 2001 the world economy has weakened and the terrorist attacks of September 11 are likely to prolong any economic downturn. Your company will meet these challenges because we made significant steps toward improving our operations, in both our Harris Teeter supermarket and our American & Efird (“A&E”) industrial thread subsidiaries during 2001.
We believe it is one of our strengths that Ruddick’s two operating companies are in such widely dis- parate sectors. This allows us to diversify our risks and withstand a downturn in one area or another. The softening economy, together with the steep downturn in U.S. consumer spending for apparel, hit the textile industry particularly hard. We believe A&E is prepared to weather the current downturn and will be well positioned to prosper when industry conditions improve.
 Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries
Brought to you by Global Reports
Letter to Shareholders
Page 1
  
        Brought to you by Global Reports
Thomas W. Dickson John Woodlief Alan T. Dickson R. Stuart Dickson
President Vice President – Finance Chairman of the Board Chairman of the Executive Committee
a&e: responding to global opportunities | Consumer demand for apparel and other textile products fell significantly below last year’s already depressed levels and production throughout the industry continued to move overseas to low labor cost regions. Management at A&E proactively addressed this problem by focusing on identifying those areas where we can benefit from our competitive advantages.
That meant continuing our development overseas and reorganizing our operations here at home to better reflect the changing business environment. We also adjusted production to match demand through plant closings and job reductions in the United States and increased our already significant presence overseas. The highlight was the completion of our new facility in China.
harris teeter: focusing on core markets | For Harris Teeter, this meant exiting several non-core mar- kets including Atlanta. After a strategic review of each market’s performance, we concluded that a sale of our stores in these areas was a prudent business decision that will substantially strengthen the com- pany’s overall performance. Capital can now be committed to our core markets, those which have con- sistently generated attractive levels of profitability and which, we believe, offer the greatest potential for long-term return on capital and increased shareholder value.
We are now better able to emphasize our core markets and core constituencies. We know who our customers are and how we can deliver the services and products that they want and need, efficiently and profitably.
Harris Teeter’s goals this year included driving sales and customer visits. To that end, we used our Very Important Customer (“VIC”) card program to identify our loyal customers and provide them with incentives to shop regularly at Harris Teeter. This program also provides us with information as to how to better provide customers the service they expect through better product lines. Despite the economy and the competitive environment, we were extremely successful at driving business, and our stores that were open for all of 2000 and 2001 enjoyed a 2.8% increase in average sales.

  Our sales-driven philosophy was complemented by a similar emphasis on improving operating margins. We instituted several programs to reduce costs and to increase efficiency. For instance, we reduced employee turnover by providing better training programs for associates, improved incentive programs and more effective screening of applicants. We reduced shrinkage through improved inventory manage- ment procedures as well as by increased security and theft prevention policies.
2001 was a difficult year and we are proud of the successes we had and the progress that we made. But we are certainly not satisfied with our results. We are not finished making the changes and improve- ments that are needed and we have developed additional initiatives to improve our operating results and profitability.
We expect that general economic conditions will continue to be difficult for the foreseeable future. But we will continue to develop new products and technologies to keep our threads competitive from a pric- ing perspective and superior from a performance standpoint. We are dedicated to increasing sales at our Harris Teeter stores while improving customer satisfaction and employee productivity.
As we look forward to fiscal 2002, Ruddick Corporation management is cautious in its outlook and con- servative in its expectations. Considering all the complex factors currently impacting sales and costs at both our subsidiaries, management believes that in the current economic environment it will be difficult to realize improvement in earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2002. However, Ruddick Corpo- ration remains committed to growing profits and shareholder value over the longer term and we believe that we have taken and will continue to take prudent and appropriate steps to achieve this objective.
Alan T. Dickson Thomas W. Dickson
Chairman of the Board President
December 14, 2001
   Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries
Brought to you by Global Reports
Letter to Shareholders
Pages 2.3
  