 Letter to Our Shareholders
Dear Shareholders:
Our accomplishments during this past year
go beyond the improved financial results we realized for fiscal 2005. We have undertaken initiatives in the transformation of our operating subsidiaries which should allow us to grow our business, continue to compete effectively and
to be successful. Our prior successes can be attributable, in part, to our understanding of our customers and their ever-changing needs. This knowledge is vital to the changes we make in our operations designed to support the needs of our customers. The magnitude may differ, but both of our operating subsidiaries are going through a transformation.
We are pleased with our fiscal 2005 results, especially when considering that the prior year included an additional week of operations. Consolidated results for fiscal 2005 (a 52-week year) compared to the 53 weeks of fiscal 2004 were:
* Net sales increased 3.3% to $2.96 billion from $2.87 billion
* Operating profit increased 2.5% to $115 million from $112 million
* Net income increased 6.1% to $68.6 million from $64.7 million
* Earnings per share on a diluted basis increased 4.4% to $1.44 from $1.38.
These results have provided the capital
that we intend to reinvest into the business. During 2005 we grew our business by opening 10 new Harris Teeter supermarkets in addition to acquiring six Winn-Dixie stores that are undergoing their own transformation to become Harris Teeter supermarkets. We also made several strategic investments that expand and diversify American & Efird’s product lines and grow
its core industrial sewing thread operations in Asia. Our investing activity will continue into 2006 as we plan to open 19 new Harris Teeter supermarkets — six of which are the former Winn-Dixie stores — and explore other oppor- tunities to build upon American & Efird’s diversification and global footprint.
Harris Teeter’s focus on customer service is our best tool in differentiating ourselves from the competition. Customer service entails: understanding our customers’ needs; designing and maintaining clean and attractive stores in convenient locations; offering a full selection of top-quality merchandise at reasonable prices; and hiring, training and retaining knowledgeable associates to serve our customers. We invest a lot of time and resources to continually monitor our customer service to make certain that it is second to none.
1
Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries Annual Report 2005

   2
Thomas W. Dickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
As part of our customer service commitment we have continued to utilize the Harris Teeter Very Important Customer (VIC) rewards program that provides our loyal customers with superior value. The VIC program features special pricing and frequent shopper rewards that create excitement for our customers,
and provides information that enables us to best merchandise our individual locations.
We continually look for ways to enhance this program in order to improve customer service through increased value or convenience.
Providing the best customer service also requires us to understand and respond to consumer preferences. We have transformed our merchandising programs and store design to accommodate our customers’ desire for more prepared items and specialty foods such as organic and natural selections. Each Harris Teeter supermarket is designed and operated for its particular market area. As such, the degree
of product offerings or number of specialty departments will be dictated by our customers’ preference in the local market.
John B. Woodlief
Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Our focus on customer service and ability to transform our operations to maintain our high standards of customer service has resulted in another year of improved operating results at Harris Teeter. During fiscal 2005, comparable store sales increased by 3.00% and operating profit as a percent to sales improved by 23 basis points to 4.29%. This is the highest profit margin in Harris Teeter’s history and we will continue to explore ways to reduce costs and further improve our operating efficiencies.
The transformation occurring within American & Efird is more dramatic than that of Harris Teeter. Apparel production has continued to migrate to the Asian market and American & Efird has expanded operations in Asia so that we can continue to support our valued customers. During 2005 we made additional investments in China through a joint venture and with an increased ownership percentage with our existing partners, and have increased our production capacity to meet the ever-increasing demand within this dynamic market. There is a growing demand for high-quality sewing thread in the Asian market, and the benefits of our efforts are being evidenced by increased sales of premium thread. For the
first time in American & Efird’s history we have more production capacity in China, including our joint ventures, than in the United States.
Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries Annual Report 2005

   Fred J. Morganthall, II
President – Harris Teeter
American & Efird is leveraging technology to improve communications and provide superior service throughout the global supply chain for
sewn products. Our web-based tools include: ANESYST®, a business-to-business order and inventory management system; and ANECOLOR®, a color communication system that minimizes color match cycle time and allows us to better service our customers. American & Efird also
has developed ANECALCSM, which is a tool used to estimate thread usage and garment thread cost. These systems are assisting our customers in reducing cycle time and making better trim cost decisions.
In addition to the dramatic transformation taking place in China, American & Efird further expanded its global presence by establishing a joint venture in Brazil. During 2005 we entered into a license agreement with Linhas Bonfio S.A. that allows Bonfio to offer American & Efird’s high-quality branded products in Brazil.
American & Efird’s domestic operations
are also undergoing a transformation that entails the diversification and expansion of product offerings resulting from our strategic acquisitions of Synthetic Thread Company, Inc. in August of fiscal 2004, and Ludlow Textiles
Fred A. Jackson
President – American & Efird
Company, Inc. and Robison-Anton Textile Co. during fiscal 2005. We now produce a variety
of specialty engineered yarn products for mainly non-apparel industries as well as a broad range of embroidery threads. We look forward to integrating these new products into our existing manufacturing processes and leveraging our technical expertise to produce other similar products that will be backed by American & Efird’s long-standing reputation for quality, service and value.
Our success is dependent upon our ability to provide the best customer service. This means we must anticipate the changes that are dictated by changing demographics, consumer preferences and market influences. Our ability to transform our business to meet these changes and other competitive challenges is founded upon our associates. We thank all of our associates throughout the world for their dedication and commitment to our goal of providing customer service that is second to none.
Thomas W. Dickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
3
 Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries Annual Report 2005
