  Letter to Our Shareholders
Dear Shareholders:
Fiscal 2006 was another successful year for our Company in terms of sales
and earnings growth. Our continued success can be attributed, in many ways, to our commitment to customer service and quality. This commitment dictates how we run our businesses, from recruiting new associates to the processes we use to evaluate
our operations and, most importantly, our customers’ satisfaction. As part of our commitment to customer service and quality, we accelerated our growth plans for Harris Teeter and continued the transformation of American & Efird during this past year.
We are pleased to report our fiscal 2006 results, which were:
» Net sales increased 10.2% to $3.27 billion from $2.96 billion;
» Operating profit increased 6.8% to $123.1 million from $115.3 million;
» Net income increased 5.4% to $72.3 million from $68.6 million; and
» Earnings per share on a diluted basis increased 5.6% to $1.52 from $1.44.
The cash provided by these results, along with financing available under a new revolving credit facility we successfully negotiated in June 2006, provide the capital necessary to continue to grow our Harris Teeter supermarket business and expand the global operations of American & Efird.
During fiscal 2006, Harris Teeter expanded within its existing markets through the opening of sixteen new supermarkets, including the six stores we acquired from Winn-Dixie in fiscal 2005 and completely remodeled prior to their opening. In addition, we continue to invest in our existing store base through our comprehensive remodeling program. We remodeled six existing supermarkets in 2006, two of which were expanded in size.
Next year is expected to be another significant year for Harris Teeter’s store growth. Currently we plan to open twenty-two new stores, including two replacements, and remodel eleven supermarkets during fiscal 2007. Six of the eleven stores to be remodeled in 2007 will be enlarged to better serve our customers. Our effort to
Global Reports LLC
Thomas W. Dickson, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries Annual Report 2006 1

    John B. Woodlief, Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Frederick J. Morganthall, II, Fred A. Jackson,
President – Harris Teeter President – American & Efird
accelerate new store openings should result in more store openings during the first part of the fiscal year than we have historically accomplished.
Customer service and quality are essential components of the total value proposition we offer at Harris Teeter. We focus on customer service from the very beginning, as we evaluate potential store sites and recruit and train our associates. The demographics of the surrounding market for a new store are analyzed to determine what store format and product offerings will best serve the customers who live there. We also go to extra efforts in our recruiting process to determine that any new associate will be customer-service oriented and have the proper qualifications for their position.
Customer service means identifying new trends and anticipating our customers’ wants and needs for new items. Whether it is continuously expanding our natural and organic food selection, adding hot food bars or enhancing our fresh seafood departments, we focus on staying ahead of our competitors in meeting our customers’ present and future needs.
Customer service also entails providing our customers with a full selection of top-quality merchandise at reasonable prices. The product offerings for a particular Harris Teeter location are driven by the customers’ preferences in the surrounding neighborhoods. We have continued to utilize the Harris Teeter Very Important Customer (VIC) rewards program to help us determine those local preferences and create superior value for our customers. Not only does the VIC program create excitement through special pricing and frequent shopper rewards, it also enables us to gather information to individually merchandise each store within our local markets.
Our attention to detail and commitment to customer service and quality has resulted in another record year for sales growth and operating profit at Harris Teeter. Total sales for fiscal 2006 grew by 10.5% and our comparable store sales increased 3.20%. During fiscal 2006 we also improved our operating profit margin by 8 basis points to 4.37%. These record results were achieved at the same time we accelerated our new store opening program.
We made substantial progress during fiscal 2006 in our transformation of American & Efird. During this past year we focused on expanding our operations in
2 Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries Annual Report 2006 Global Reports LLC

 China, integrating the operations of our recent acquisitions and further diversifying our product lines throughout our global footprint. The streamlining of our operations occurred throughout the world, by completing the consolidation of the operations
of Ludlow Textiles Company, Inc. into our existing operations in North Carolina, and integrating the operations of Jimei Spinning Company Limited in China with our existing joint venture Hengmei Spinning Company, Ltd.
American & Efird is considered the second largest global supplier of industrial sewing thread, embroidery thread and technical textiles and we intend to continue our efforts to further diversify our product lines and build our global network.
Our expansion continued in September 2006 with the acquisition of TSP Tovarna Sukancev in Trakov d.d. (TSP) located in Maribor, Slovenia. This acquisition expands our non-apparel sales and production capacity in Europe, since TSP manufactures and distributes sewing thread and trimmings for industrial markets, primarily the automotive markets of Eastern Europe.
Our efforts to further diversify our product lines and customer base led us
to our 2005 acquisition of Robison-Anton Textile Co., a producer of high-quality embroidery threads. We are capitalizing on the Robison-Anton brand recognition and have initiated a new advertising campaign to promote the sales and distribution throughout our global network, including Mexico, Asia, Central America and Europe.
During this past year we also continued on our strategic plan of capital investment in our China joint venture, Huamei Thread Company Limited, which is one of the largest thread producers in that rapidly growing market. This plan continued to pay dividends during the year with increases in sales of higher value-added thread products.
A commitment to customer service and quality serves as a guide for us at both Harris Teeter and American & Efird. We have been successful by adhering to this commitment in the past and will continue to follow our belief that providing the best possible customer service and quality will lead to our continued success. We thank all of our associates throughout the world for their dedication to our commitment, and for the success we have shared in the past and expect for the future.
Thomas W. Dickson,
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
 Global Reports LLC
Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries Annual Report 2006 3
