 Letter to Our Shareholders
          Thomas W. Dickson John Woodlief Alan T. Dickson R. Stuart Dickson
President Vice President – Finance Chairman of the Board Chairman of the Executive Committee
In this year’s annual report, we have chosen to focus on a review of the progress we have made toward our strategic goals, as well as to highlight the ways in which we believe our vision will lead us to become more progressive in the future.
Q&A with Thomas “Tad” W. Dickson
14 Ruddick Corporation and Subsidiaries 2000 Annual Report Brought to you by Global Reports
 Tad, how did the competitive environment impact your fiscal 2000 sales?
As we discussed in our Letter to Shareholders above, general business conditions in both our industries were not as favorable as we had hoped. From a competitive standpoint, in fact, it was a pretty tough year. The southeastern United States has been a very attractive market for supermarkets and discount supercenters to enter and/or build their base of stores. We believe that’s the main reason it was difficult to grow our comparable store sales this year. Probably our most difficult market this year was Atlanta, where a variety of competitors are aggressively seeking to enhance their market share. We opened two stores in the northern Virginia/Washington, D.C. market because we believe it has been relatively underserved in the past. In addition, Harris Teeter has put into place more aggressive promotional, merchandising and advertising programs which we expect to have a positive impact on comparable store sales, as well as attract new customers from competitors that have closed in our markets.
At A&E, our sales results were negatively affected by a number of factors, including weakness in retail sales, increased imports into the U.S. and competitive pricing as retailers sourcing worldwide continued to pressure manufacturers to reduce costs. To some extent we were able to offset these pressures by increasing our foreign sales and improving operating efficiencies worldwide.
     
  We made solid progress this year, especially considering the difficult business conditions faced by both Harris Teeter and American & Efird (A&E). Our subsidiaries dealt with intensely competitive environments this year and softer-than-expected sales, in addition to one less sales week in fiscal 2000 than in fis- cal 1999. Both of our industries also fell out of favor with Wall Street this year, so our stock price performance lagged behind our expectations during the year as well. Despite these issues, we believe we have made a number of significant steps forward this year and are glad to have the opportunity to share these achievements with you.
Harris Teeter: Addressing Challenges
At Harris Teeter, we had several primary challenges this year: to open nine new stores, two of which were in an exciting new market for us; to strengthen soft comparable store sales at our existing stores; and to continue our drive towards consistent execution and higher profitability throughout the organization, now made up of 156 stores in six southeastern states. The northern Virginia/Washington, D.C. area is a new and promising
market for Harris Teeter. Weak comparable store sales growth in the first half of the year improved in the second half, but the competitive landscape in the southeastern United States con- tinues to be challenging, and it has also been impacted by the growth of non-traditional grocery purveyors such as discount supercenters. Harris Teeter was especially disappointed with the uneven pace of sales growth in a number of our outlying mar- kets. However, two competitors in our region did close stores in several of our markets this year, which has already benefited store volumes in some locations. In order to encourage shoppers from those competitors to consider a permanent change to Harris Teeter, as well as to support comparable store sales in general, we made the decision to be more aggressively promotional this year; we considered it an investment in our future.We reinstated sev- eral sales programs that have proven particularly successful in the past, as well as experimenting with new promotions designed to target specific customer groups. In addition, we implemented more zone pricing and merchandising, reflecting our growing geographic diversity.
What activities at Harris Teeter were you the most proud of this year? Where do you see room for improvement?
At Harris Teeter we continue to improve our customer service performance while at the same time enhancing our productivity; we are striving to better satisfy our customers as well as our shareholders. Gains from improving productivity allow us to reinvest more in promotional activities to drive our comparable store sales. We’re making progress with productivity because our store-level compliance with training and engineered labor standards has increased. We are listening closely to our customers, measuring our results more frequently and taking corrective action where necessary. Our new “model store” program is making a difference too in helping us to communicate with store managers more effectively about everything from operational and productivity issues to merchandising methodology. One area where we would like to make more progress is in the management of shrink, or waste. This includes spoilage and products that are thrown out for other reasons, as well as theft. There are significant opportunities for improvement in this area. So we are focused on reviewing all of our critical inventory systems, including known loss tracking, ordering, production plan- ning, the identification of high shrink areas and security procedures.
 Brought to you by Global Reports
15
          
  We also made investments this year in new warehouse space. We completed the expansion of our frozen food warehouse in Greensboro, North Carolina, and built in enough additional capacity for at least five years. In addition, the installation of a single pick facility for health and beauty care products and other general merchandise created more capacity and reduced the costs associated with the use of distributors. We continued to see expansion of our gross margins and productivity improvements at the store level, reflected in an increase again this year in sales per employee hour.We attribute this growth to the continued success of our store-level productivity initiatives and the identi- fication and implementation of best practices in our stores. Our control of waste still presents a major opportunity for improve- ment at Harris Teeter, however, and we have identified it as an operational priority for the new year.To help us carry out our operational and sales objectives we were pleased to recruit sev- eral new key executives this year, including Rod Antolock, our Senior Vice President of Operations and Merchandising, who joined our organization from Albertson’s. Also new at the end of fiscal 2000 was Express Lane, Harris Teeter’s Internet- based shopping service designed for our busy customers who find online shopping simpler and more convenient. Express Lane was thoroughly tested at one store during the year and expansion is planned for 2001.
American & Efird: Global Opportunities Lead the Way
Sales results for A&E continued to be negatively impacted by several factors: slowing retail sales, increased apparel imports into the U.S. market and a competitive pricing environment. Sales in the U.S. continued to decline as our customers moved their operations to lower-wage countries around the world. A&E is well positioned to supply customers in Latin America and continues to expand operations in Asia. Foreign sales growth continues to be strong.The United States-Caribbean Basin Trade Partnership Act, which took effect in October 2000, eliminates duty on all apparel made of U.S. fabrics from U.S. yarns coming out of the Caribbean Basin and is already having a positive impact. We anticipate that the bill will increase demand for U.S.-manufactured sewing thread in the region as more apparel sourcing shifts back to this hemisphere from Asia. Further, A&E was pleased with the sales expansion this year in our filament, or non-apparel, thread sales and in the launch of our new embroidery thread product, Signature®; we believe both products have strong future growth potential.
A&E made considerable progress this year in the expansion and upgrading of our facilities. At year end we had begun construction of our southern China dyeing and finishing facil- ity which will expand our capacity to support planned growth in Asia.
16 Ruddick Corporation and Subsidiaries 2000 Annual Report Brought to you by Global Reports
Could you answer these same questions for A&E?
Absolutely. A&E is doing a terrific job of continuing to diversify our product lines and expand- ing sales outside of the U.S. These improvements constantly make A&E a more attractive business by reducing our exposure to temporary downturns in specific market segments or to issues in one or another part of the world. For example, increasing sales in the non- apparel, or filament, side of the thread manufacturing business, allows us to pursue a much wider variety of sales opportunities for greater value-added products and protects us against disruptions in the apparel market. The introduction of our superior embroidery product and the expansion of the specialty bobbin business also provide us with a greater range of capa- bilities to offer our customers. In addition, with apparel manufacturing moving rapidly out of the U.S. it is critical that we continue to actively pursue new and existing sales as our man- ufacturers relocate facilities. We need to be in a position to take advantage of new trade legislation favoring any part of the world, such as, most recently, the Caribbean Basin. And A&E continues to build the necessary infrastructure to add capacity, especially in promising growth products such as filament thread and bobbins, as well as in growing markets such as Asia and the Indian subcontinent. These opportunities also remain A&E’s greatest chal- lenges; we must continue to react rapidly to the significant changes in the structure of our marketplace and stay one step ahead. Making certain that our current and future customers specify A&E thread in their manufacturing process no matter where in the world it is taking place will obviously build our share of the market.
   
  We installed new high-speed winders in several of our dye- ing and finishing facilities outside of the U.S. in order to further modernize our international operations and incorporate our best practices that have been so successful in the U.S. We added capacity to manufacturing for specialty and non-apparel end use markets, such as footwear and luggage, to support the cur- rent and expected future growth in this business. New winders were also added to expand our capacity in the manufacture of - specialty “cocoon” bobbins for use in the quilting industry. An automatic micro-powder system to precisely weigh and mix small quantities of dye for small dye lots to improve color consistency was also added this year. As a result of these and other ongoing strategies to increase capacity and ensure consistent quality, we believe that A&E is well positioned to compete in the future.
Alan T. Dickson
Chairman of the Board
December 8, 2000
Fiscal 2000
While lagging sales and difficult competitive environments disappointingly characterized the experiences of both Harris Teeter and A&E during our fiscal 2000, we were pleased with the progress we made in spite of these impediments. Both our sub- sidiaries focused on perfecting the progressive plans they had put in place to further their longer-term strategic goals and we feel confident that the fruit of our labors will become more evident as industry conditions improve. In the meantime, we will con- tinue to work hard to improve our financial results year over year and to increase the value of our shares.We very much appreciate the support of our shareholders and the continuing dedication of our associates.
Thomas W. Dickson
President
  Why did Ruddick’s stock price fall this year? What are you doing to increase shareholder value?
Stocks in both our industries continued to be depressed during our fiscal year as investment dollars moved into more high-technology stocks and out of traditional industry stocks. In addition, the rate of consolidation between companies in the supermarket industry slowed somewhat and consolidators focused on integration issues. Price/earnings (P/E) multiples fell with this uncertainty about future acquisition opportunities. And textile industry stocks expe- rienced an almost unprecedented decline, with the stock of several major companies falling into the low single digits. So we were fighting an uphill battle this year, even before retail sales and comparable store sales weakened at our subsidiaries, creating further uncertainty for our analysts and investors. But we recognize that it is our primary duty to increase value for our shareholders. That’s why Ruddick’s management and Board of Directors continue to review all strategic alternatives to enhance our value, including working closely with our subsidiary management teams to design and execute the best growth and profitability plans possible, always anticipating future changes and challenges. And we hope, over time, that the stock price will begin to reflect the success of our efforts.
Brought to you by Global Reports
17
  