DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
Healthcare is in a dynamic state, and the public is looking to companies like Humana to make health benefits more affordable while improving the overall cost of care and consumer experience. To that end, Humana's innovative strategy continues to capitalize on industry changes to progress toward these goals through our integrated care delivery model. We understand that healthcare is complicated, and dealing with multiple physicians and other healthcare professionals can be a confusing and daunting task. That is one of the principal reasons why Humana will enhance its integrated care delivery strategy in key areas to enable a better and more seamless locally delivered health care experience for our members.

Bruce Broussard, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kurt Hilzinger, Chairman of the Board
a and analytics

Dat

Provider integration

Consumer

Our integrated care delivery model
Consumer experience

Clinical engagement

1

As we have entered 2017, WE ARE PROUD OF OUR ACCOMPLISHMENTS during 2016. Some of our more notable achievements included:

% 18

GROWTH RATE
Strong growth in our stand-alone PDP membership with the beneficial impact of this HIGHER GROWTH realized across the enterprise.

in our Adjusted earnings per share, accompanied by cash flows from operations that more than doubled.

Distinct progress in our trend-bender activities REDUCING THE COST OF CARE without sacrificing quality. Metrics of note included:

INCREASE % 11
in the number of physicians in valuebased arrangements.

INCREASE BASIS % 250 POINT 7
in the number of high-risk discharges enrolled in the Humana Transitions program.

INCREASE
in Humana Pharmacy Solutions' mail-order penetration.

Achieving associate engagement scores in the

WINNING THE TRICARE East
Region contract, a testament to our dedication to serving those in the military and their dependents.

PERCENTILE
a rarity in the circumstances we have navigated over the past year.

90

th

2

We look forward to the future and continuing to help our members achieve their best health by simplifying their healthcare experience

Our 2016 operating results are strong, particularly given the complex operating environment during the extended transaction process that was terminated by mutual agreement on February 14, 2017. As we renew and enhance as an independent company, we are continuing to build on our integrated care delivery strategy by intensifying our focus on the cohort of people living with chronic conditions--particularly those who are aging into or are already in Medicare Advantage plans. This population is fast-growing, with more than 85 percent of seniors having at least one chronic condition and 65 percent having multiple chronic conditions.A

of seniors have at least one chronic condition

MORE THAN 85 PERCENT

65 PERCENT
have multiple chronic conditions

A

Chronic condition charts 2014, https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/Chronic-Conditions/Chartbook_Charts.html

3

Humana is enhancing its integrated care delivery strategy in several key areas to further enable a rich,

LOCALLY DELIVERED HEALTHCARE experience for all our members, by doing the following:

Increasing risk-based arrangements through expanding partnerships with physicians, offering sophisticated population health technology and services, and expanding primary care clinics.

Expanding complementary clinical capabilities that assist members outside of doctors' offices and institutions, with a focus on home health services, local pharmacy access and behavioral health.

Integrating technology among healthcare professionals, members and Humana together with advanced analytics to simplify the experience, eliminate "friction points," increase transparency and make access to care more convenient.

We believe by extending and expanding the local capabilities of our Healthcare Services businesses and supporting doctors and other healthcare professionals with unsurpassed population-health tools, we can remove barriers for our members. This will better help them achieve their best health by enabling both members and healthcare professionals easier engagement in more holistic health--engagement that brings together the lifestyle and clinical factors so critical to improving lifelong health and well-being. We expect this will, in turn, continue to drive growth across the enterprise as growth in our health plans furthers growth in our Healthcare Services businesses. We believe this will, in turn, lead to favorable returns for our stockholders. We will continue our practice of evaluating our portfolio of businesses to ensure focus on those lines of business where our integrated care delivery strategy can add value for health plan members, healthcare professionals and our government program and employer group customers. Over the past few years, we also have attempted to bring accessible, quality healthcare to individuals in a number

of state markets across the U.S. through our Affordable Care Act healthcare exchange offerings and have worked diligently to maintain the viability of the product and continued availability across most parts of the country. However, due to a persistently unbalanced risk pool in this market driven by programmatic factors, we will not continue to offer this coverage for 2018. Turning to other elements of our strategy for 2017 and beyond, we have established a thoughtful capital deployment plan to raise our cash dividend and to implement a strategic share repurchase program. These efforts should jump start activities such as these that were frozen while the proposed merger was pending. Additionally, we will focus our mergers and acquisitions efforts on capabilities that enhance the clinical and consumer experience for our members. We believe our strategic, operating and capital deployment plans not only improve the value Humana brings to members and healthcare providers, they also enhance the growth platform for both our health plans and our Healthcare Services businesses, positioning us well for long-term, sustainable growth.

4

We look forward to the future with confidence, while gratefully acknowledging the enormous contributions to our success over the past quarter-century of Jim Murray, our retiring Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Jim's exceptional mentoring for many of our leaders, particularly those in segment president roles, has positioned us well for the future as our segment presidents are ready for broader responsibilities within the organization. Throughout its history, Humana has been dedicated to improving people's health, from our start as a nursing home company more than 50 years ago through our transition to a hospital company and today as a health and wellness enterprise.

We look forward to continuing to help our members achieve their best health by simplifying their healthcare experience--one that combines their unique needs with the clinical aspects critical to improving their lifelong health and well-being. Sincerely,

Kurt J. Hilzinger Chairman of the Board Humana Inc.

Bruce D. Broussard President, Chief Executive Officer and Board member Humana Inc.

DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) Transaction and integration costs associated with then-pending transaction Amortization associated with identifiable intangibles Write-off of risk corridor receivables Reserve strengthening for the company's non-strategic closed block of long-term care insurance business Premium deficiency reserve for certain 2016 individual commercial medical policies Gain related to sale of Concentra Inc. Adjusted (non-GAAP)

2016B
$4.07 0.64 0.32 2.43 2.11 ­ ­ $9.57

2015C
$8.44 0.14 0.39 ­ ­ 0.74 (1.57) $8.14

The company has included financial measures herein that are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that these measures, when presented in conjunction with the comparable GAAP measures, are useful to both management and its investors in analyzing the company's ongoing business and operating performance. Consequently, management uses these non-GAAP financial measures as indicators of the company's business performance, as well as for operational planning and decision making purposes. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. All financial measures herein are in accordance with GAAP unless otherwise indicated.
B

2016 Adjusted results exclude the following: · Pretax transaction and integration costs of $104 million, or $0.64 per diluted common share, associated with the then-pending transaction. · Pretax amortization expense associated with identifiable intangibles of $77 million, or $0.32 per diluted common share. · The pretax write-off of approximately $583 million, or $2.43 per diluted common share, in receivables associated with the risk corridor premium stabilization program for the Affordable Care Act (ACA) healthcare exchanges. · Pretax expenses of $505 million, or $2.11 per diluted common share, of reserve strengthening related to the company's non-strategic closed block of long-term care insurance business.

C

2015 Adjusted results exclude the following: · Pretax transaction and integration costs of $23 million, or $0.14 per diluted common share, associated with the then-pending transaction. · Pretax amortization expense associated with identifiable intangibles of $93 million, or $0.39 per diluted common share. · A premium deficiency reserve of $176 million, or $0.74 per diluted common share, related to the company's 2016 ACA-compliant individual commercial medical offerings. · A pretax gain of $270 million, or approximately $1.57 per diluted common share, associated with the completion of the company's sale of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Concentra Inc. on June 1, 2015.

6

