  Michael B. McCallister David A. Jones, Jr.
  Our value proposition is built
around the idea that consumers,
if offered actionable information and guidance, are just as capable of making thoughtful, cost-effective decisions in health care as they are in their other purchasing choices.
In 2007, this approach produced
a record-breaking year for membership, revenues and
net income.
2 Annual Report 2007
$5.00
$2.50
$0.00
To our Stockholders:
Our 2007 financial results reflect the seventh consecutive year of strong earnings growth for Humana, further demonstrating our ability to anticipate and focus on the needs of our varied consumers and customers. Through innovative plan design, clinical programs, financial forecasting, and consumer education – combined
with solid operational execution – we continue to deliver a compelling value proposition to our growing membership base.
The value proposition is built around the idea that consumers, if offered actionable information and guidance, are just as capable of making thoughtful, cost-effective decisions in health care as they are in their other purchasing choices. In 2007, this approach produced a record-breaking year for membership, revenues and net income, on top of a similarly record- breaking 2006.
Leverage from our growing Medicare membership base, higher Commercial pretax margins, and the continued solid performance of our Military service business combined to produce earnings per common share of $4.91 in 2007, 69 percent higher than the $2.90 we earned in 2006. Revenues grew 18 percent, to $25.3 billion, while total medical membership increased to 11.5 million. Specialty membership, which stood at 1.9 million at the end of 2006, more than tripled a year later to 6.8 million, as we expanded our specialty product portfolio through the acquisitions of two specialty product companies in the fourth quarter of 2007.
Diluted Earnings per Common Share
$4.91
 $1.79
$2.90
2005 2006 2007
 
Growth and progress across the enterprise
What follows is a summary of Humana’s chief accomplishments in 2007.
• In our Government Segment, our Medicare Advantage membership was stronger than forecast, with ending membership of 1,143,000 representing growth of 14 percent over the prior year. Medicare prescription drug plan (PDP) membership was 3.4 million at December 31, 2007, reflecting a modest and anticipated decline from 3.5 million a year ago.
• Just as importantly, we made further progress in engaging our senior consumers, as evidenced by preliminary data indicating their shift to more proactive care. For instance, 34 percent of our new
senior members completed Humana health assessments in 2007, compared to 24 percent of new members in 2006. This
is important because the health assessment provides a vital roadmap for positive behavior change through such programs as Personal Nurse, which pairs chronically ill patients with registered nurses who serve as long- term mentors and guides, and SilverSneakers, which provides our seniors free memberships to fitness centers.
Another example of our progress is with our heart failure chronic care program. Between February and August of 2007 our senior members in this program raised their drug compliance rate from 82 percent to 88 percent – a significant stride forward.
These are just two examples in which care coordination across all Medicare product lines, including Private Fee-for-Service,
is beginning to gain traction and improve clinical results for seniors, while offering real hope for effective long-term cost management within the Medicare program as a whole.
• Also in our Government Segment, our Military services unit is fully prepared to respond to a formal RFP for the next round of TRICARE contracts once it is issued. We are confident that we will offer a compelling proposal which highlights our successful experience with this product, including our exemplary service to beneficiaries during the past 12 years.
• Our Military services unit also
achieved success within its new Veterans Administration group when it was chosen over six competitors for all four contracts that currently make up the Department
of Veterans Affairs’ first-ever network demonstration project, known as Project HERO – Healthcare Effectiveness through Resource Optimization. This development offers Humana the opportunity to forge
a long-term relationship with a Government customer whose importance will increase over time.
Medicare Advantage Membership
1,200 900 600
300 0
(in thousands)
 Dec 2004
HMO
Dec 2005
Dec Dec 2006 2007
PPO PFFS
     Medicare Advantage membership was stronger than forecast. Just as importantly, we made further progress in engaging our senior consumers.
3 Annual Report 2007

• In the Commercial Segment, we are pleased with our improvement in 2007
and anticipate further progress in 2008. In fact, improved operating results in 2007 more than made up for approximately $50 million in venture capital gains that this segment benefited from in 2006,
but which did not recur in 2007. Additionally, our provider networks continue to expand and improve, reflecting the synergistic effect of the growth in our Medicare business.
• In the fourth quarter of 2007, our acquisitions of CompBenefits Corporation and KMG America Corporation accelerated Humana’s transformation into a more integrated, consumer-focused benefit provider for specialty as well as medical employee benefits, including voluntary products.
• In addition to the improved performance of Humana’s Commercial group business, our individual line – HumanaOne – recorded membership growth of 35 percent, further evidence of Humana’s success at interacting with individual consumers, as in our Medicare business.
• Finally we were recognized as a leader in environmental protection by being selected as one of only 99 U.S. companies on the Dow-Jones Sustainability Index. Similarly, we were named the leader in the health benefits industry by Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine for a variety of programs designed to preserve the well-being of
our planet.
Commercial Segment Pretax Income
($ in millions)
$300 $200
$100 $0
Favorable prospects for 2008
We believe the 2007 achievements just described position us well for 2008, both in terms of the existing environment and future trends. We’ll now touch briefly on what we consider the primary strategic considerations in the external environment for 2008:
– Medicare rates for 2009;
– The Medicare sales environment;
– The Commercial sales environment; and – The political environment.
First, preliminary payment rates for 2009 Medicare have been released, with the final
rates due out the first Monday in April. While we estimate the final rates to increase in line with medical cost trend of 4 to 6 percent, a number of technical factors also come into play, which CMS details as part of its final rate release in April. Regardless, as we’ve done over the past 20 years, we will adjust benefits to ensure the Medicare medical cost trend matches the net level of premium increase.
Turning to Medicare sales, we’re pleased with
the results we’re seeing to date this year, with January Medicare Advantage net enrollment up 100,000. The components of this increase include higher retention levels than we had originally expected – indicative of the loyalty of our senior members. Gross individual sales are on track, while group sales continue to prove challenging as employers take a “wait and see” approach.
 2005 2006 2007 Venture Capital (VC) gains
Pretax income excluding VC gains
   Our acquisitions of CompBenefits Corporation and KMG America Corporation accelerated Humana’s transformation into a more integrated, consumer-focused benefit provider for specialty as well as medical employee benefits, including voluntary products.
4 Annual Report 2007

5 Annual Report 2007
Consistent with our long-standing approach to Medicare as a retail consumer business, we prefer individual sales in any event – they are more predictable, and they allow us to present our value proposition directly to the buyer.
We remain confident with our forecast for net Medicare Advantage sales of 200,000 to 250,000 for 2008, significantly higher than in 2007, with 65 to 70 percent of this total now anticipated to be effective by April 1.
With respect to the Commercial sales environment, our membership forecasts
continue to reflect strong pricing discipline. The Commercial group-sales environment is still very competitive, with the most heated competition in large groups and national accounts. Consequently, most of our group sales to new customers have come in smaller case sizes. We anticipate strong membership growth once again in 2008 in our Smart family of consumer-focused product offerings.
As we analyze the current political environment and the presidential candidates’ various proposals for health reform, we believe each of the candidates brings a thoughtful perspective to the many health care challenges our nation faces. All of their proposed plans can lead to opportunities for our sector as a whole and Humana specifically. With respect to Medicare, we have a long history of working successfully with leaders of both parties in Congress and the White House. In addition, we believe the combination of Humana’s expanding market share, widespread geographic presence and high levels of program- wide enrollment, as well as seniors’ satisfaction with the program nationwide, will allow us to adjust effectively to any changes in the Medicare program over the next several years.
Medicare: Rising Popularity of Network-Based Plans
Turning now to a more detailed look at our Medicare business, we’re particularly pleased with the growing interest seniors are showing in our Medicare HMO and PPO products. In fact, nearly half of our net enrollment growth in Medicare Advantage products through January 2008 has come from our PPO offerings.
From a sales distribution perspective, our career agents continue to account for the vast majority of our gross sales, contributing approximately
75 percent of the total. The remainder of our sales come through the Humana and Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) web sites and exclusive broker arrangements. We believe this unique distribution system results in a higher-quality sales process and ultimately better membership retention.
Another key factor in membership retention
is the wide variety of value-added services we offer our Medicare members. This is a logical outgrowth of our distinguishing approach
to Medicare as a retail consumer business,
even though it is also a government program. Comprehensive care coordination for our Medicare members includes such services as case management, Personal Nurse, wellness initiatives available through Humana Active Outlook, social service coordination, home and hospital visits, cognitive assessments and caregiver training.
These consumer-focused programs, though relatively new in Medicare Advantage, are already showing impressive results in terms of what’s most important to seniors – their health and well-being. In 2006 (the most recent period for which full-year results are available), the average Humana Medicare enrollee spent 1.6 days in the hospital, as compared to 2.2 days for the average senior enrolled in original Medicare. The Humana member’s average annual cost of care was $6,245 – more than $1,000 less than the
$7,458 spent on the average enrollee in
original Medicare.

 Our Medicare PPO network is the result of more than two years of concerted effort. And the work continues in full force today. We are constantly striving to make our existing networks more robust, while simultaneously expanding the geographies that our PPO networks cover.
6 Annual Report 2007
For chronically ill members, the results are
even more dramatic. While an average original Medicare member with diabetes, heart failure and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) spent 18.2 days in the hospital, his or her Humana counterpart was hospitalized for 10.7 days. The Humana member spent 3.9 days in a skilled nursing facility, compared to 14.2 days; had 11.7 home health visits, compared to 19.6; and had a cost of care of $24,978, compared to $43,589 for the original Medicare member. At a time when evidence-based medicine is yielding the insight that longer hospital stays do not automatically equate to better outcomes, these figures are especially noteworthy.
One of the best assets our career agents and exclusive brokers have in acquainting prospects with our Medicare PPO plans is the expansiveness of our provider network. Our PPO network is the result of more than two years of concerted effort. And the work continues in full force today. We are constantly striving to make our existing networks more robust, while simultaneously expanding the geographies that our PPO networks cover.
We anticipate continuing as the leader in bringing PPO arrangements to the Medicare population – that is, in offering to older Americans the type of benefit plan that most aging-in baby boomers have and are happy
with in the workplace today. In addition, as
we mentioned earlier, increasing Commercial synergies from our Medicare network are leading to enhanced Commercial growth.
Commercial: Increasing Synergies from Medicare Expansion, While New Specialty Offerings Target Growing Market
Our Commercial operating earnings increased significantly in 2007. We also saw membership gains in our four strategic areas of Commercial product focus: individual plan membership was up 35 percent, our Smart plans and related consumer-focused products increased 29 percent, and our small-group and Administrative Services Only (ASO) plans also experienced modest membership gains. By strategically growing these areas in a price-disciplined manner, we expect to build successfully on our Commercial segment’s continuing progress again in 2008.
We also significantly broadened our portfolio of offerings in the growing specialty benefits market through two acquisitions completed in 2007’s fourth quarter – CompBenefits, a nationwide dental and vision company; and KMG America, which specializes in employer-sponsored voluntary benefits. Here again, we’ve enhanced our ability to anticipate the needs of consumers – who are now more likely to opt for these types of offerings than in years past – as well as responding to employers’ desire for a comprehensive spectrum of benefits and
related services that help foster their employees’ engagement, productivity and development. Integration of these acquisitions is proceeding swiftly, due in part to the strength of senior management and the capabilities of associates at the acquired companies.
Like Medicare, the specialty products market is another area of growth in the immediate future, with industry analysts projecting mid- to upper- single-digit expansion for this sector over the next few years. With our total specialty membership having increased so dramatically year-over-year, we are well positioned to take advantage of this expanding opportunity.

Looking Ahead: Humana’s Continuing Transformation
In summary, we completed another record- breaking year for revenues, membership and net income in 2007 and expect to repeat this achievement in 2008. Our consumerism strategy continues to prove its worth across the board, but especially in Medicare, which we’ve always operated as a one-to-one retail consumer business. Our 20-plus years of effectiveness
in Medicare in virtually every type of political environment positions us well for the continuing national conversation on healthcare reform. And our overall strategy, combined with accelerating senior demographics for which we’ve carefully prepared, positions us for continued long-term growth and success.
Over the past few years — and especially in
the last two — we have transitioned quickly and effectively from a super-regional company offering traditional health benefits in pockets
of the U.S., to a truly national enterprise with across-the-board capabilities in a wide variety of benefit offerings. In so doing, we’ve expanded the frontiers of our “guidance when you need it most” orientation. As we continue transforming passive health-care users into actively engaged health-care consumers, we will play a leading role in improving our members’ health
and well-being. Sincerely,
David A. Jones, Jr. Chairman of the Board Significant Stockholder
Michael B. McCallister
Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Significant Stockholder
      As we continue transforming passive health-care users into actively engaged health-care consumers, we will play a leading role in improving our members’ health and well-being.
         This letter contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are advised to read the accompanying Form 10-K which includes discussion of risks and uncertainties.
7 Annual Report 2007
