 To our stockholders
    Michael B. McCallister
Chairman and CEO
“The world is turning, the system is evolving, and those who do tomorrow what they did yesterday are likely to be caught short.”
— Humana’s 1981 annual report
Three decades after we opened our 1981 annual report with these words, health
care once more is at a crossroads. In the face of an uncertain world economy, and with U.S. health reform soon to move into
its second major implementation phase,
we again believe that health care companies relying on past successes will indeed be caught short.
Humana is determined not to be among them. Having completed 2011, our 50th year, with record revenues, earnings, and health- plan membership, we look forward eagerly
to continuing our transformation from a product-focused health benefits company to a customer-focused health care company. In parallel with this evolution is our dedication as an enterprise to a dream: to help people achieve lifelong well-being.
Executing on this transformation has required us to rethink the business of health care. In so doing we’ve identified seven imperatives for success with seniors and working-age consumers that characterize the emerging Humana,and that are in concert, we believe, with the evolving needs of the people
and institutions – including the federal government – that make up health care.
While we were the first health benefits company a decade ago to insist on putting the consumer at the center of the health- benefits equation, we believe success
over the next 10 years will require a comprehensive integration of consumers into other components of the health care system. With the individual still primary, providers, businesses, government, and health-related partners will need to collaborate deeply to co-create a new health-care ecosystem, characterized by data-driven connectivity,
a shared commitment to fostering positive behavior change, and a willingness to enter into unconventional partnerships for the sake of improving outcomes and lowering costs.
Humana is dedicated to leading this co- creation. Not only will success in this shared endeavor bring rationality and – for the first time – a true system to health care, it will contribute meaningfully to solving one of the biggest crises facing the American people: an unfunded $20 trillion Medicare liability.
 2011 Annual Report – 2

  2011 in review: A record year
Our 2011 earnings of $8.46 per share, compared to $6.47 per share in 2010, reflected strength in key areas of
strategic focus as well as unusually
low commercial medical cost trends industry-wide. Operational discipline
and a compelling senior value proposition led to significant Medicare membership growth, further progress on our 15 percent solution, and continued focus on prudent administrative spending.
Along with the cost reductions in Medicare noted above, Humana in 2011 achieved appreciable progress on quality in our Medicare Advantage plans. Updated Star ratings issued by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) indicated that 98 percent of Humana’s Medicare members are now in plans that will qualify for quality bonus payments in 2013. We also announced our intent to acquire two Medicare HMOs, Arcadian and MD Care (which closed in late 2011), increasing our
provider network strength in several areas of the country and enabling us to enter new geographies, particularly in California.
This progress bodes well not just for the company. It has a potentially significant societal benefit. Faced with its multi-trillion- dollar liability, the Medicare program must deepen its partnership with the private sector if America has any hope of reining
in its Medicare spending. While traditional Medicare functions primarily as a claims processor, Medicare Advantage plans have proven their ability to reduce costs while improving health outcomes for Medicare beneficiaries. Not insignificantly, such
plans are also extremely popular among seniors. Seniors like the care coordination, the personal attention, the variety of choices, and the provider accountability inherent in Medicare Advantage offerings. In Humana’s case, very few of our Medicare Advantage members ever choose to return to traditional Medicare.
Company-wide, 2011 revenues increased
to $36.8 billion from $33.6 billion in 2010. Medical membership of 11.2 million at December 31, 2011 compared to 10.3 million a year earlier and included Retail Segment Medicare membership growth of nearly 34 percent (Medicare Advantage and stand-alone PDP combined). Total Retail Segment medical membership was 4.7 million at year-end, compared to 3.5 million in the previous year, while Employer
Group Segment medical membership
was 2.8 million at year-end, compared to 3.0 million the previous year. Combined Retail and Employer Group Specialty membership, which includes members with dental, vision, and other supplemental benefits increased to 7.3 million at year- end compared to 7.0 million in the previous year. The 2011 Specialty membership total included growth of more than 53 percent in the Retail Segment.
Along with the previous milestones came the welcome news in 2011 that the award of the Department of Defense (DoD) South Region TRICARE® contract to Humana Military Healthcare Services was upheld by reviewing authorities. Health care delivery under the new contract is scheduled to begin on April 1, 2012. As is customary, the contract provides for five one-year options exercisable by the DoD.
 Diluted Earnings per Common Share
$10.00 $7.50 $5.00 $2.50 $0.00
2009 2010 2011
        3 – 2011 Annual Report

  1
Looking ahead: The seven imperatives
 Turning to the future, Humana believes the following seven imperatives will ensure a continuation of the growth and success of
our past decade, while contributing increasingly as an expert partner in solving the societal problems that beset our health care system.
Extend our comprehensive
approach to lifelong well- being to engage customers, inspire associates, and supply a platform for future growth
Humana’s strategy involves the vertical integration of three areas of focus: our core businesses (Medicare, Commercial, and Military); businesses close to the
core, including our Concentra® network comprising several hundred health centers and worksite clinics nationwide; and emerging adjacencies in such areas as integrated wellness offerings, telemedicine and remote care, practice management tools, home care, and quality and analytics
Health and Well-Being Services
Retail
Employer Group
Other Businesses
capabilities. The accompanying diagram is a graphic representation of how the strategy combines these and other elements of our operations.
In 2011, we announced our intent to acquire SeniorBridge® – representing a major step forward for us in home care, quality of life enhancement and member engagement. Similar to a large-scale version of the Humana Cares program for Medicare members with multiple chronic conditions, SeniorBridge deploys a national network
of 1,500 senior care managers – including nurse practitioners, nurses, social workers, and certified caregivers – to help seniors maintain and improve their health while remaining in their homes. Besides being
Humana’s Strategy
what most seniors themselves desire, a home-based approach to geriatric care represents a potential societal savings of billions of dollars in hospital costs. Once the transaction closes, SeniorBridge will enable us to broaden our relationship with individual seniors by assisting those who need help with such activities as eating, dressing, and movement.
2 Enhance our innovative, technology-driven, results-
based approaches using rewards and incentives to foster positive behavior change
We’ve all known for two generations
what we need to do to improve our health.
Near-term Medicare Advantage growth expected to produce long-term prosperity:
• Diversification
• Cross selling
• Customer retention
   CORE BUSINESS
Leveraging Core Assets
Emerging Adjacencies
2011 Annual Report – 4
PCP/PCP Management
Home Care
Pharmacy Benefits
V
E
R
T
I
C
A
L
I
N
T
Integrated Wellness
E
G
R
A
T
I
O
N
Other Insurance

 We’ve all known
for two generations what we need to do
to improve our health. Eat less. Exercise more. Stop smoking. But we don’t do it. Humana takes seriously the need to tackle this dilemma.
Eat less. Exercise more. Stop smoking. But we don’t do it – with dire consequences for ourselves and for society. The obesity crisis alone threatens to inundate an overtaxed system with incalculable costs, in dollars and personal suffering, for treating and managing diabetes, heart disease, and other obesity-induced conditions.
Humana takes seriously the need to tackle this dilemma. Partnering with Discovery Holdings Ltd., we launched HumanaVitalitySM last year for our Commercial members. Building on Discovery’s success with this program in South Africa, HumanaVitality is a wellness and loyalty program that features a wide range of well-being tools and rewards that are customized to the individual member’s needs and desires. At its core, the program is a sophisticated health behavior- change model supported by an actuarially sound incentives program. With most of our Commercial groups renewing at the first of the year, the universe of eligible members for HumanaVitality expanded from 350,000 to more than a million on January 1, 2012.
HumanaVitality is a wellness and loyalty program that features a wide range of well-being tools and rewards that are customized to the individual member’s needs and desires.
3
Engage providers for productivity and efficiency
   With a distinguished legacy of providing care – we were founded in 1961 as a nursing home company and eventually became
the nation’s largest hospital company – Humana is well-positioned for the new
era of providers as partners with insurance companies, rather than adversaries against them. Our Concentra acquisition in late 2010 heralded a new back-to-the-future
era for us, with an important twist: we
are dedicated to supporting physician decision-making with actionable data in real time, resulting in improved outcomes and efficiencies. This includes innovative medical home and accountable care collaborations that are already yielding promising results.
Parallel with this effort is our continued close involvement with Availity,® the multipayer online health information network for providers that we co-founded a decade ago with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida. Availity facilitated more than one billion provider
Incentive programs
are provided using a reward-based system to encourage members to meet their goals.
transactions last year, involving 200,000 physicians, 1,000 hospitals, 455,000 employers and 70 million consumers. Its proprietary Availity CareProfile is a giant stride toward a truly comprehensive electronic medical record, combining
on a single screen information about all of a patient’s prescriptions, lab orders, diagnoses, doctor visits, immunization history, and hospital admissions.
     Online tools allow users to track progress.
The program offers a wide range of health and well-being tools.
      5 – 2011 Annual Report

  4 Analyze data in ways that translate directly to better
health outcomes
Humana completed a key acquisition
last year that we believe will solidify our leadership in this future-oriented arena. AnvitaHealthTM provides analytics solutions that produce clinical insights resulting in higher quality and lower costs, particularly for Medicare members. Anvita’s powerful rules engine collects and standardizes disparate data sources, identifies and prioritizes places for intervention, and predicts where clinical outreach is likely
to be required. As an important new enabler of the 15 percent solution, the AnvitaHealth rules engine will be integrated into Humana’s existing CareHub system
to better identify gaps in care and alert members and providers.
Analytics produce clinical insights resulting in higher quality and lower costs, particularly for Medicare members.
5 Expand our pharmacy capabilities as a model
of cross-selling that produces lifetime customer value
Starting as just another element of Humana’s health benefits value proposition, our pharmacy capabilities have expanded in the past five years to the point where they now represent a significant, differentiating growth center for the company. By number of prescriptions, Humana’s pharmacy group is the fifth largest pharmacy provider in the nation.
Looking ahead, pharmacy is a model for our commitment to transform ourselves from a product-focused to a customer- focused enterprise. Our vision is to redefine the relationship between a pharmacy
provider and its customers by becoming the pre-eminent source of pharmacy solutions that help people achieve lifelong well-being. Within the pharmacy universe our Humana RightSourceRx® mail-order organization continues to be the industry leader. In 2011, RightSource ranked first in cost competitiveness among all mail-order pharmacies in the annual J.D. Power and Associates pharmacy study.
Pharmacy is a model for our commitment to transform ourselves from a product-focused to a customer-focused enterprise. Our vision is to redefine the relationship between a pharmacy provider and its customers by becoming the pre-eminent source of pharmacy solutions that help people achieve lifelong well-being.
   2011 Annual Report – 6

 Our alliance with Walmart® for a co-branded Medicare PDP has made a positive difference
to hundreds of thousands of seniors.
Similarly, Humana’s alliance with Walmart for a co-branded Medicare Prescription Drug Plan (PDP) offering has turned out to be a partnership that has made a positive difference to hundreds of thousands of seniors. For the second year in a row,
this innovative plan had the lowest monthly premium of any nationwide PDP offering. In addition, again like last year, it had one price and one benefit structure nationwide – the first PDP plan in history with this strong competitive advantage. Among other things, this makes the plan easy to understand, a key element for retail consumers – especially in the PDP marketplace, where the number of plan choices runs into the hundreds.
Stand-alone PDP Membership
    Create people-centered
partnerships to reach new consumers and advance Humana’s brand
An alliance between a health care company and Reader’s Digest may seem like a stretch at first. But our innovative arrangement, begun last year, has
already produced a co-branded Medicare supplement product from Humana, as
well as a Reader’s Digest-branded guide
to Medicare decision-making. We believe that uniting Humana’s expertise in health benefits with Reader’s Digest’s time-tested ability to explain complex subjects in a way that people understand will prove to be an important value-add to senior consumers.
(In thousands)
3,000
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
 6
Dec. 2010
Dec. 2011
Jan. 2012
Medicare Advantage Membership (In thousands) 2,500
Finally, Humana made significant inroads into the emerging megatrend of the “gamification of health” through our partnership with video game leader Ubisoft.® Ubisoft’s “Your Shape: Fitness Evolved 2012” – already a leading international best-seller on Microsoft® Kinect for Xbox 360 – now offers three Humana-branded workout programs among its fitness options. And the innovative MyHumana mobile app was awarded a prestigious Stevie Award as
the “Best New Consumer Product or Service” in 2011. MyHumana mobile brings up-to-the-minute personalized tools and resources to iPhone and AndroidTM users, including an urgent-care locator, spending-account balances in real time, drug price information, and doctor and hospital searches.
Employer Group Retail
  2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
       7 – 2011 Annual Report
Dec. 2010
Dec. 2011
Jan. 2012

  7 Commit to being a leader in corporate
social responsibility (or CSR) to further enhance the company’s reputation and attract world-class talent
The global competition for human capital has a new element: talented people of all ages who recognize the value of working for a company committed to a corporate social responsibility (CSR) agenda that can be measured and compared against peer
institutions. Humana’s “healthy people, healthy planet, healthy performance” CSR platform is the first in our industry to be measured by Global Reporting Initiative international standards. In addition, Humana is the only health benefits company in the U.S. to be named to
the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Index five years in a row. And, in the 2011 Newsweek® magazine Green Rankings which rate the world’s largest corporations on environmental performance, Humana led our industry.
Healthy People
Support health, well-being and a positive social impact among members associates and the community
Healthy Planet
Mitigate the environmental impacts of our business
Healthy Performance
Commit to ethical practices and the pursuit of excellence
   In conclusion
  Bruce D. Broussard
President
Taken together, these seven imperatives reinforce Humana’s strategy and chart our pathway to the future. Helping lead us there is Bruce D. Broussard, elected President of Humana on December 1, 2011. At that time he joined Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer James E. Murray and me in the newly created Office of the Chairman.
Bruce brings to Humana significant CEO experience in the healthcare industry along with superb operational and financial leadership skills. His career has included executive leadership experience in a variety of healthcare sectors, including oncology, pharmaceuticals, assisted living/senior housing, home care, physician practice management, surgical centers and dental networks. Throughout his career, Bruce
has shown an ability to grow businesses profitably and maintain strong relationships with customers and providers.
As the company announced last fall, it is anticipated that, as part of Humana’s long- term succession and governance transition plan, Bruce will become Chief Executive Officer of Humana upon my retirement as CEO in the next 12 to 18 months. Along
with the Board of Directors, I have every confidence that Bruce will prove to be a leader who continues and enhances the success we’ve enjoyed over the past decade.
Sincerely,
Michael B. McCallister
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Significant Stockholder
 2011 Annual Report – 8
