To our stockholders:
This past year was a period of steady progress for
Humana, as we built on the foundation established by
our management team in 2000 and 2001. We fully
expect to expand on that progress in 2003.
Much of our success in 2002 derived from
improving our positioning in the Commercial segment
for sustained earnings growth. Our progress in this area
gives encouragement for the future, as does the
continuing contribution of our Government business to
the company’s profitability and diversified business
mix.
Innovation has never been a strong suit for the
health benefits industry. Humana, however, is
assuming a leadership role by incorporating product
innovation, technology leadership, exceptional
customer service and a relentless focus on the
consumer into everything we undertake.
For employers and employees who seek workable
solutions to the problem of skyrocketing health costs,
and who daily confront a daunting health care system
that seems like an impenetrable maze, Humana in 2002
Michael B. McCallister, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (left)
David A. Jones, Chairman of the Board (right)
began offering innovative products and product support that combine the best of traditional health plan
coverage with breakthrough approaches. Preliminary results from early adopters show these plans are able to
hold down cost increases, expand choice and, through industry-leading online educational tools, enable
consumers to understand their health benefits and use them more wisely and cost-effectively than ever before.
In so doing, Humana positioned itself as an industry leader in solving a growing health benefits dilemma for
employers and employees.
The Health Benefits Dilemma
The conditions that led us to develop this new generation of health benefits plans are rooted in the twin
phenomena of rapidly rising costs and declining consumer engagement in health spending. Following a short
period in the mid-1990s when health care inflation was near zero, costs have risen steadily over the past half-
decade. Health care cost inflation has now reached 15 percent per year in the private sector. At this rate, U.S.
health spending – already $1.5 trillion annually – will double in the next few years. Simultaneously, consumers’
share of the overall health-cost bill has continued to decline, extending a decades-long trend.
Businesses have reacted predictably to this unsustainable rate of increase. They’ve raised premiums and
coinsurance for their employees, reduced benefits or, especially in the case of small business, dropped coverage
altogether. In addition, over the past 40 years, consumer out-of-pocket spending as a share of total health costs
has declined from 48.6 percent in 1960 to 15.4 percent in 2000, according to the Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services (CMS). With less of a personal stake in the system – and unaware that the “real cost” of a
doctor’s office visit is not their own $15 copay, for example – consumers have become increasingly disengaged
from the cost consequences of their health-care decision-making.
SmartSuite – Humana’s Solution
To remedy the problem we first had to overcome it ourselves. In 2001, we were faced with an anticipated
19.2 percent increase in health costs for our 4,800 Louisville employees and their dependents. We were
determined to develop a breakthrough solution that would enhance choice and value for our employees while
holding down costs for them and for us. The result was SmartSuite – an innovative package of six health benefit
plans that ranged from traditional HMO and PPO offerings to CoverageFirst, a bold, new, consumer-driven
approach. In addition, we developed groundbreaking online educational tools to make SmartSuite easy to choose
and use, including a PlanWizard during the selection process, a personalized home page and fast access to Web-
based customer service.
CoverageFirst features reduced premiums for consumers. It offers a basic layer of first-dollar coverage,
$500 per member, supplied by the employer through the plan. The next layer is either a $1,000 or $2,500
deductible for which the employee is responsible, with a final layer of comprehensive PPO coverage.
An online PlanWizard tool helps employees select the plan that’s right for them. Throughout the plan year,
guidance in the form of e-mail alerts (in which we notify members who have had prescriptions filled of the
existence of comparable lower-cost options), voice-activated-technology health reminders and Web-based
customer service give consumers the power to take control of their health and health spending.
For Humana and our employees, the result has been win-win. With a full year of claims experience, our
anticipated 19.2 percent cost increase for Louisville associates resulted in a rise of only 4.9 percent – saving the
company $2.1 million. The 4,800 employees and their dependents actually paid less as a percentage of total costs
(19 percent vs. 21 percent) than they did the year before. In the same vein, Trover Solutions, our initial external
client, finished its first SmartSuite year having paid less in total employee claims than it did the year before. We
have now rolled out SmartSuite to all our markets.
Encouraged by these results, we’re continuing to innovate. Our “next-generation” product series,
SmartSelect, preserves the consumer-centric features of SmartSuite and also gives employees the ability, through
Web-based tools, to customize health benefits for themselves and their families, based on individual health
histories and anticipated spending in the upcoming plan year.
2002 Milestones
With a new product suite as well as strong showings from our traditional product offerings, our Commercial
segment improved substantially in 2002. Medical membership grew 3.4 percent – the product of increased
proposal activity as well as a targeted approach to prospects most likely to buy from us.
Not only has the SmartSuite product grown appreciably since its launch in the second quarter of 2002, it has
also generated significant excitement among employers, brokers and consultants. Our sales force is “cross-
benefiting” from the opportunity to present our traditional products to SmartSuite prospects, and vice versa. In
addition, our small group segment began growing again in the second half of 2002.
HumanaOne, our first product designed for the individual market, was also launched this year. Individuals
are responding positively to HumanaOne’s benefit design and the access it gives to our broad-based provider
networks. In addition, our electronically enabled customer support services are well-suited to the self-service
focus of HumanaOne.
Toward the end of 2002 we announced plans to streamline service operations by consolidating our current
seven service center locations to four and by reducing our workforce by 2,300, or 17 percent. These moves signal
a new era of productivity for Humana. While membership has grown, service metrics have appreciably
improved, demonstrating our growing ability to “do more with less.”
Within service operations we reached a milestone in April when, for the first time, more than half of all
customer contacts on our largest claims-paying platform were handled electronically, rather than through a
customer service representative on the phone. Our rate of claims adjudicated electronically is nearing 75 percent.
And our claims inventory process speed is exceptional – making us the partner of choice for many providers,
employers and consumers who are delighted with the hassle-free service they receive when claims are paid
quickly. Our unprocessed claims inventories on hand are now down to 4 days versus 5 days at Dec. 31, 2001 and
11 days at the end of 2000.
We also reengineered many of our business processes in 2002. We’ve taken steps to reduce complexity in
the organization and simplify our business transactions through such initiatives as reconfiguring the roles of our
field personnel involved in provider affairs, finance, and medical management, automating many of our Human
Resources functions, and e-procurement.
2002 Financial Highlights
Adjusted 2002 results in the following discussion exclude from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(GAAP) results the impact of unusual items recorded during that year. Management believes that these
unusual items should be excluded to properly reflect the run-rate operations of the company and to
provide better comparability to prior year results.
Adjusted results for 2001 exclude from previously reported GAAP results amortization expense for goodwill
to facilitate comparability. GAAP required all companies to cease amortizing goodwill effective
January 1, 2002.
A detailed reconciliation between GAAP and adjusted results follows this Letter to Shareholders.
The achievement of the operational milestones described above has driven significantly improved financial
results for 2002. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.20 was up 19 percent from $1.01 in 2001. The
drivers of our profit improvement included:
A 17 percent increase in adjusted pre-tax profits for the Government segment, with increases across
each of the product lines in that segment, and
A 71 percent improvement in our Commercial segment adjusted pre-tax profits.
Our consolidated adjusted revenues increased 11 percent, or $1.1 billion, to $11.3 billion in 2002 versus
$10.2 billion in 2001. This increase in adjusted revenues reflects percentage increases of 10 to 11 percent in the
adjusted revenues for each of our two business segments.
Medical membership increased to 6.6 million members at December 31, 2002 compared with 6.4 million at
the end of 2001. Both of our business segments were additive to our membership this year, as Commercial
segment sales increased for the first time in several years, and the number of beneficiaries eligible for the
TRICARE program expanded.
Our medical expense ratio (medical expenses as a percent of premiums) was 83.6 percent in 2002 compared
with 83.3 percent in 2001. This increase was expected and reflects a shift in the mix of our Commercial business,
weighting more heavily towards large group employers.
In 2002, our adjusted Selling, General and Administrative (SG&A) expense ratio (SG&A expenses as a
percent of premiums and administrative services fees) held steady at 15.3 percent, equivalent to that for 2001,
with the productivity gains described above offsetting a business mix shift that, without them, would have
resulted in an increase.
Our 2002 cash flows provided by operations doubled over that for 2001, further demonstrating the impact of
this year’s operational improvements.
A Proven Strategy for a Breakthrough Opportunity
These results are a tribute to the commitment and expertise of Humana’s associates, who are dedicated to
offering “Guidance when you need it most” in a way that sets the pace for our industry. Within an employer-
driven strategy – offering both traditional and innovative plan options – we’re pursuing our consumer-centric
value proposition with five strategic intents:
—Penetrate high-potential commercial segments: Target appropriate employers for case acquisition and
retention to increase commercial market share and margins.
—Transform the consumer experience: Improve customer experience and brand awareness from initial plan
choice through the entire plan life-cycle.
—Realign the operating model: Align processes, people, technology, governance and initiatives to enhance
commercial segment needs and consumer experience, and leverage shared services.
—Right-size the cost structure: Reduce administrative and medical costs through process innovation,
technology and underwriting. This year’s annual report, in which we’ve realized significant savings without
sacrificing business-critical content, is one example among many of keeping a close eye on costs.
—Engage employees: Involve employees in the change process and give them ownership of the required
consumer-centricity outcomes.
We believe this blueprint will provide the underpinning for Humana’s ongoing emergence as a bold,
innovative industry leader. As a large employer ourselves, we intimately understand the employer’s dilemma of
unsustainable health care cost increases. And as a health benefits company committed to growth through
innovation, we’re well positioned to address that dilemma with a proven solution to meet a broad marketplace
demand.
Sincerely,
David A. Jones Michael B. McCallister
Chairman of the Board Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
Significant stockholder Significant stockholder

