Kurt Hilzinger, Chairman of the Board, and Bruce Broussard, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Our industry faces challenges on many fronts ­ regulatory complexity, funding deficiencies, and implementation of health care reform ­ to name but a few. Our customers also face similar challenges as they navigate the health care system. Meanwhile, the system wastes 30 cents of every dollar ­ up to $750 billion a year, according to a 2012 report from the Institute of Medicine. And we're all struggling to deal with the problem of rapidly rising health care costs. Humana's long-term strategy is designed to address each of these challenges from the perspective of the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships, leading to better health for the people we serve. We are committed to helping Humana customers have positive experiences with the health care system and improved health outcomes, while strengthening the system for people across the U.S. As Humana works to inspire health among our customers, we believe we have an obligation to make achievement and maintenance of good health easier for everyone.

Our Values

As Humana's 52,000 associates work to help people achieve lifelong well-being, our values guide us in everything we do.

Inspire health Cultivate uniqueness Rethink routine Pioneer simplicity Thrive together
2013 Annual Report 3

Humana members stretch their way to improved health at a Humana-sponsored fitness class in St. Petersburg, Fla.

How will we succeed?
In its simplest form, Humana's strategy focuses on a holistic approach to patient care ­ enabled by an integrated care delivery model. Our strategy intertwines care delivery, the patient experience, and clinical and consumer insights to encourage engagement, behavior change, proactive clinical outreach

and wellness. Our primary goal is to help our customers get ­ and stay ­ in good health. When our customers do need health care services, proactive data analytics, care-management planning, and consistent engagement techniques help ensure our customers receive the right care at the right time in the right setting.

By improving care delivery, by improving our customers' experience with Humana and the health care system, and by leveraging our increasingly sophisticated data analytics, we believe we are not only helping people be healthier, but also helping the system perform better.

re Delivery ated Ca Mod r g e el Int
Member Experience
· Informed · Satisfied · Engaged

Care Delivery
· Primary care-centric · Aligned incentives · Quality / cost outcomes

Clinical and Consumer Insights
· Real time information · Integrated / connected · Relevant / actionable

Individuals Employer Groups Government

intertwines care delivery, the patient experience, and clinical and consumer insights to encourage engagement, behavior change, proactive clinical outreach and wellness.

Our strategy

4

2013 Annual Report

Humana has acquired and expanded key capabilities tied to five critical points of influence ­ focused on care delivery ­ that help us pioneer simplicity and make it easier for people to get and stay healthy.
Wellness & Prevention ­
Through assets such as our HumanaVitality® wellness and rewards program, health coaching, and work/life programs, we're helping our customers rethink their routines, change their behaviors, recognize the importance of their emotional and physical health and make more healthy choices.

Pharmacy ­ Similarly,
Humana Pharmacy Solutions®' growth and focus on the member experience helps ensure that more members can afford to get the prescriptions they need and adhere more closely to appropriate medication regimens.

Chronic Care ­ Via
in-home care, telephonic health counseling/coaching, and remote monitoring, Humana is actively involved in the care-management of our customers with the greatest needs.

Primary Care ­
Humana continues to increase its investment in primary care delivery, through owned facilities as well as joint ventures. As a result, we're better able to positively influence the care experiences our customers have, resulting in improved outcomes and lower costs.

Associates within our Healthcare Services segment are working to ensure that Humana members adhere to medication regimens.

Informatics ­ Humana
has made some important additions to our company and capabilities that are enabling us to create a more complete view of an individual's health. These new capabilities are designed to connect, coordinate and simplify health care while reducing costs for everyone in the system. Anvita HealthTM, Humana's health care analytics engine, reviews millions of clinical data points each day to provide members, providers and payers real-time clinical insights and gaps-in-care data to improve health outcomes. Humana's Certify capability allows disparate electronic health record systems and Humana to share data that gives providers a comprehensive view of the patient and enables the exchange of essential health information in real-time.

Average Humana Medicare Advantage Star Quality Rating
(member weighted)

4.5 4.0 3.5 3.0 2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0

Medicare Advantage Members (in thousands)
2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000 500 0

3.82 3.28

4.00

2011

Dec.

2012

Dec.

2013

Dec.

Bonus Year

2013

Bonus Year

2014

Bonus Year

2015

2013 Annual Report

5

As Humana has integrated these and related assets into our national operations over the past few years, we've significantly enhanced our ability to leverage predictive modeling capabilities that enable us to anticipate ­ rather than only react to ­ our members' health needs. What's the result of all of this? Measurable progress on multiple fronts. · For instance, a 2012 American Journal of Managed Care study found that the hospital readmission rate for people in Medicare Advantage was 13 to 20 percent lower than for people enrolled in traditional Medicare. Humana is similarly driving lower rates of hospital readmissions.

· Among Humana associates who participate in the HumanaVitality wellness and rewards program, over a two-year period engaged associates had health claims costs nearly 15 percent lower than unengaged associates. Also, engaged associates had 17 percent fewer work absences than unengaged associates. · Customers of Humana's mailorder pharmacy, RightSource®, have lower out-of-pocket costs and higher prescription-drug adherence than customers of retail pharmacies.

Health claims costs
Engaged Humana associates in HumanaVitality programs nearly

15% lower

than unengaged associates

lower higher

RightSource members
out-of-pocket costs adherence

than retail pharmacy customers

Vitality HealthyFoodTM, a feature of the HumanaVitality wellness and rewards program, enables people to save money on healthy foods at participating Walmart® locations.

6

2013 Annual Report

Clearly, health care is being reshaped by a shift in the balance of power to individual consumers. People have more choices, customized to their specific needs and wants, which has led to a new level of empowerment for individuals. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) is helping to usher in a new era of consumerism in health care, as we're starting to see with the federal and state exchanges, key components of the ACA. In order to help employers improve the health and productivity of their workforces, health care providers must focus more individual attention on their patients, with emphasis on prevention and healthier lifestyles. Providers also need help transitioning from volume- to value-based care, rethinking how they can integrate the tools and technologies of prevention into their clinical practices, increasing the viability of prevention for their patients. As a care provider, Humana is doing this, while also helping our provider-partners accomplish these objectives in their own practices. Technology represents a major opportunity in health care, and its potential impact on our customers and the communities we serve is significant. Gathering individual data from clinical and consumer insights and making this information relevant and actionable for the individual, doctor and payer is a significant opportunity that we are working to maximize.

Humana is working with health care providers to more effectively promote prevention.

As a care provider, Humana is

transitioning from volume- to valuebased care while helping our providerpartners do the same.
Humana Chronic Care Program Membership
300,000

200,000

100,000

0

2011

2012

2013
2013 Annual Report 7

In 2014, we're benefitting from actions the company took this past year to balance short-term operational needs with the need to make investments in longer-term initiatives that will help ensure the viability of our offerings, and take advantage of new opportunities through health care exchanges and state-based contracts. We were pleased to report 2013 earnings per share of $7.73, up 3 percent compared to 2012 earnings per share of $7.47. Operational achievements that led to this increase include:

through clinical management and other similar wellness programs. Specifically,
participation in the Humana Chronic Care Program (HCCP) increased to 280,200 members at December 31, 2013, compared with 151,000 at December 31, 2012, an increase of 86 percent.

· Medical costs in our commercial plans are lower than we had projected when we priced the related business. We priced in line with
historical increases in medical costs per member, but the actual increases were lower.

· Higher membership in both our Medicare Advantage and stand-alone Medicare Prescription Drug Plan (PDP) offerings. Fully-insured
Medicare Advantage membership of 2,497,800 at December 31, 2013, was up 9 percent from 2,298,400 at December 31, 2012. At the same time, Medicare stand-alone PDP membership was 7 percent higher year over year totaling 3,275,900 at December 31, 2013, versus 3,057,100 at December 31, 2012.

· The volume of prescriptions processed by Humana Pharmacy Solutions increased by 15 percent to
274 million in 2013 compared to 238 million in 2012.

· Full-year pretax results rose year over year for each of the company's business segments. · Better-than-expected progress in ensuring the wellness of our members

· A distinct focus on operating cost efficiencies. Our 2013
Retail segment and Employer Group segment operating cost ratios (operating costs as a percentage of total revenues excluding investment income) were lower than the previous year by 20 basis points and 30 basis points, respectively.

Humana's work to create a more complete view of an individual's health is intended to simplify health care while reducing costs.

Pretax Results (in millions)
Segment FY 2013 FY 2012

Year-over-Year Change

Retail Employer Group Healthcare Services

$1,283

$1,161

11%

$322

$277

16%

$549

$463

19%

8

2013 Annual Report

We are committed to helping people achieve better health.

Diluted Earnings per Common Share
$10.00

$7.50

8.46 7.47

7.73*

Beyond our operational progress, we take the commitment to our stockholders seriously. This includes adjusting our management compensation plans in 2013 to include accountability for Return on Invested Capital ­ thus better aligning leaders' accountability with stockholder return measures. Most importantly, we are committed to helping our customers achieve better health. As we focus in 2014 and beyond on making health easier for people, we will help the people and communities we serve have better experiences with health care while also getting healthier. Integrated care delivery at Humana aims to ensure the provision of care that is consistent, patientfocused and cost-effective. By aligning, integrating and ensuring collaboration among Humana

associates and capabilities, health care providers, and customers, Humana is helping people live healthier lives. Thriving together at Humana, we are well positioned for continued success and we look forward to sharing future updates with you on our progress. Sincerely,

$5.00

$2.50

Bruce D. Broussard President and Chief Executive Officer

$0.00

2011

2012

2013

* Includes $0.99 per share of benefits expense for our closed block longterm care insurance policies reserve strengthening.

Kurt J. Hilzinger Chairman of the Board

2013 Annual Report

9

