Dear fellow stockholders,
In an environment of rapid change, Humana continued in 2014 to refine and enhance our integrated care delivery model. Specifically, we made significant progress in: 1) building trusting relationships with our members through improving the customer experience, 2) engaging our members in clinical programs based on these trusting relationships, and 3) offering assistance to providers in transitioning from fee-for-service to value-based reimbursement. This was accomplished by putting our nearly 14 million medical members at the center of the healthcare equation and surrounding them with up-tothe-minute technology, data analytics, and vibrant partnerships with thousands of Humanaaffiliated physicians and other health professionals who are dedicated to a single goal ­ making it easy for people to achieve their best health.
Bruce Broussard, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer and Kurt Hilzinger, Chairman of the Board of Directors

eat right and live a healthy lifestyle, you have to work at it. And if you need help in improving your health or managing an illness, the complexity and countless other barriers presented by the health industry can often be nearly impossible to navigate and overcome. It doesn't have to be this way. Health should be easy to achieve, not hard. The good news is that we're gradually realigning a health system that's vastly out of balance. For example, according to the Bipartisan Policy Center, 50 percent of what makes us healthy is our own behaviors. But what we spend on healthy behaviors is only 4 percent of the nation's total healthcare bill each year.

Our commitment
This disconnect is the gap between people and the rational, evidencebased, and simple medical care they deserve. In fact, at Humana we are dedicated to "closing the gap between people and care." To keep us on track and accountable, we've committed to improving the health of the communities we serve by making it easy for people to achieve their best health.

Why easy? One of the many curious aspects of healthcare in the U.S. is that, despite all the attention paid to the obesity epidemic and the growing prevalence of preventable diseases, as a society and as an industry we've made achieving and maintaining health hard. The fact is, if you want to

Our Integrated Care Delivery Model

Integrated care makes it easy for people to achieve their best health
2014 Annual Report 2

Total Medicare Advantage membership

increased

18%

to 2.9 million members

Total Medicare stand-alone Prescription Drug Plan membership

This transformative work is consistent with Humana's own ongoing transformation. From a traditional health insurer with an episodic, claims-based relationship with our customers, we're becoming a health company dedicated to co-creating improved health with our members through a closer relationship with them. We're working to better understand the challenges of managing chronic conditions ­ such as diabetes and congestive heart failure ­ to help people modify their lifestyles and improve their lives. Additionally, we're putting technologically driven tools at our members' disposal ­ and in the hands of our hundreds of thousands of physician-partners ­ along with sophisticated data analytics to help them achieve their best health. At the center of this new clinical model is not the health plan, but the person. To that end, Humana is committed to becoming a consumer-focused health company, providing integrated care that makes it easy for people to achieve their best health through outstanding clinical capabilities and a personalized consumer experience.

outpacing our total Medicare Advantage membership growth of 18 percent · Our Chronic Care Program enabled newly-managed members to have 496,000 more days at home by reducing hospitalizations Associate engagement and health · We achieved world-class associate engagement for the first time, with results in the 91st percentile · Forty percent of our associates have improved their health profile since 2012, reducing their modifiable health risks such as high body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, and glucose levels, and losing an aggregate of 97 tons The beneficial effect of these and other consumer-focused components of our strategy allowed us to maintain stable member benefits and premiums for many of our members across the nation. At the same time, we entered into two new areas of growth for 2014 and the future: healthcare exchanges and state-based contracts. Because of these initiatives, medical membership grew substantially and our financial metrics improved. Membership growth · Total Medicare Advantage membership increased 18 percent to 2.9 million members · Total Medicare stand-alone Prescription Drug Plan membership increased 22 percent to 4.0 million members · HumanaOne membership more than doubled to approximately 1 million members · State-based contract membership growth more than tripled to approximately 300,000 members Financial results · Healthcare Services segment revenues grew 26 percent to $20 billion · Consolidated pretax earnings increased 13 percent though net income was challenged by a dramatic rise in our income tax rate due to the nondeductibility of the health insurance industry fee · We rededicated ourselves to focusing on return on invested capital (ROIC) across all our lines of business, enhancing our alignment with the interests of our investors

increased

22%

to 4.0 million members

Results so far
How are we doing, in light of our commitment? Humana's consumerfocused strategy and integrated care delivery model facilitated a number of accomplishments this past year, while we simultaneously invested in new growth areas. These accomplishments included: Wellness and prevention · 62 percent of our new Medicare Advantage members for 2014 had wellness screenings via a Health Risk Assessment · 1.3 million of our medical members received their preventive care on schedule

HumanaOne membership more than doubled to approximately

1million members
State-based contract membership growth more than tripled to approximately

300,000
members

Primary care engagement · We continued to make meaningful progress in improving our Star quality ratings, with 92 percent of individual Medicare Advantage members in 4 Star or greater rated plans, up from 60 percent in the previous year · We increased the number of primary care providers in value-based relationships by 26 percent to over 42,000 at the end of 2014 Home health · We grew the number of our members engaged in the Humana Chronic Care Program by 50 percent, significantly

3

2014 Annual Report

The future
In conclusion, we believe the elements we've described come together to form a powerful investment thesis for shareholders: · Continued robust organic membership and revenue growth, · Proven superior clinical operating performance, and · Disciplined capital allocation, which all lead to · A sustainable competitive advantage. We continue to be pleased with Humana's prospects as we further develop and implement our strategy. The engagement of our associates and focus on the consumer through our Integrated Care Delivery Model have never been stronger. Humana believes it's not enough just to try to close the gap between people and care. We believe in the accountability that comes from "a dream with a deadline." But we also know we can't do it alone. We eagerly invite partnerships from all like-minded groups and individuals in the communities we serve, to make a positive, enduring difference in people's health and lives. Sincerely, Kurt J. Hilzinger Chairman of the Board and Stockholder

Bruce D. Broussard Director, President and Chief Executive Officer and Stockholder

Diluted Earnings per Common Share p
$10 00 $10.00

$7.50

7.73* 7.47 7.36**

73%
* Includes $0.99 per share of benefits expense for our closed block longterm care insurance policies reserve strengthening. **Includes $0.15 per share of expense related to early retirement of debt.

Humana Chronic Care Program (HCCP) engagement rate

$5.00

$2.50

days 496k more at home
for our newly managed HCCP members
2014 Annual Report 4

$0.00

2012
4 2014 Annual Report

2013

2014

