 To Our Stockholders
 Humana’s earnings and revenues grew in 2010 to record levels as we broadened our strategy while effectively addressing the challenges and opportunities of health insurance reform’s initial phase of implementation.
Michael B. McCallister
Chairman and CEO
Kurt J. Hilzinger
Lead Director
Our strategy of helping people
achieve lifelong well-being positions us well for a post-reform world where creating deep relationships with consumers will be at a premium. This approach is built on the strength of our industry-leading Medicare and pharmacy programs, enhanced by innovation and technology advances in such areas as wellness, rewards, and loyalty. By maximizing the value of our core businesses, leveraging core assets through vertical integration, and
entering into emerging adjacencies, we are dedicated to growing the enterprise while becoming the nation’s pre-eminent consumer-focused health care company.
Our 2010 earnings per share of $6.47, compared with $6.15 per share in 2009, reflected strength in key areas of strategic focus as well as unusually low commercial medical cost trends industry-wide. Our operational discipline led to significant Medicare
 By maximizing the value of our core businesses, leveraging core assets through vertical integration, and entering into emerging adjacencies, we are dedicated to growing the enterprise.
          Humana’s Overarching Strategy
Emerging Adjacencies
Leveraging Core Assets
Core Business
 Core Businesses
 • Medicare
• TRICARE
• Individual medical
• Group medical
• Ancillary and specialty
Leveraging Core Assets
• HumanaPharmacySolutions®
• Verticalintegrationopportunities
close to core
     Emerging Adjacencies
• Mergers and acquisitions
• Vertical integration opportunities
further from core
 2010AnnualReport 2
 
membership growth, progress with our 15 percent solution*, and our continuing focus on prudent administrative spending.
Revenues increased to $33.9 billion from $31.0 billion in 2009. Medical membership of 10.2 million at December 31, 2010 compared to
10.3 million a year earlier and included Medicare Advantage membership growth of 17 percent. Specialty membership of 7.1 million – which includes members with dental, vision, and other supplemental benefits – was in line with the prior year, despite the continuation of a tight economic environment for many employers.
As we near the end of our first year implementing the many aspects
of health insurance reform, our associates are dedicated to ensuring that we continue to provide the exceptional value and customer service our members deserve.
Government Segment
  Humana continues to be a leader in serving the country’s Medicare-eligible population.
3 2010AnnualReport
*Humana’s commitment to provide medical benefits for at least 15 percent less than it costs the federal government for comparable benefits in traditional Medicare, with the same or better quality.
With the first cohort of baby boomers turning 65 in 2011,
we see expanding opportunities
in the next few years. These opportunities will emerge not just in our Medicare Advantage and stand-alone Prescription Drug
Plan (PDP) products, but also in ancillary businesses like diabetic supplies, mail-order pharmacy through our increasingly successful Humana RightSourceRx® business, and chronic-care services through Humana CaresS.M The other major portion of our Government business, Humana Military
® Healthcare Services, remained
a solid contributor to the company’s bottom line, as it has for more than a decade.
With health insurance reform came both a shortened selling period
for 2011 Medicare Advantage
plans and the elimination of non- networked plans across much of the country. Our operational team worked tirelessly to ensure both of these changes were as smooth and seamless as possible for our current members and for those interested in enrolling in our products.
Our ability to continue to offer seniors a value proposition more compelling than traditional Medicare, along with Humana- specific product enhancements like SilverSneakers® fitness memberships and WellDine nutrition programs, was key to a Medicare selling season that exceeded expectations. The result was January 2011 Medicare Advantage enrollment that increased by approximately 130,000 over December 31, 2010.
  
 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
Dec. 2009
Non-network PFFS
Dec. 2010 HMO
Jan. 2011 PPO ASO
Medicare Advantage Membership
                  Our operational
team worked tirelessly to ensure changes
in Medicare were as smooth and seamless as possible for our current members and for those interested in enrolling in our products.
         This net gain also reflected a significant focus on member retention. For example, of the 115,000 Humana private fee-for-service members who needed to actively enroll in an HMO
or PPO offering during the enrollment season, approximately 70 percent chose Humana network offerings for 2011.
As for stand-alone PDP products, enrollment in our innovative
Humana Walmart-Preferred Rx Plan also outstripped projections. The plan was precedent-setting in an important respect: it represented the first time in the five-year history of PDP that any carrier offered a single member-premium and benefit design nationwide. This produced simplicity and ease of understanding, made
all the more compelling by the fact that the premium was the lowest
of any national plan. January 2011 PDP membership increased by more than 630,000 versus December 31, 2010, primarily driven by new sales associated with the Humana Walmart Plan. Medicare Advantage and PDP
membership growth has positively impacted our pharmacy operations and will continue to do so for the remainder of 2011 and beyond.
Taken as a whole, we continue to believe it is prudent policy to target a five percent pretax operating margin for our Medicare business on a long- term basis. To the extent we surpass that goal in any given year, we pass the incremental savings on to our Medicare members in the form of lower
premiums, richer benefits, or both. Just as important, we continue to strive diligently in our members’ interest to improve outcomes while lowering costs – for them, for the company, and for the country.
 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
Dec. 2009
Dec. 2010
Jan. 2011
Stand-alone PDP Membership
           2010AnnualReport 4
In Thousands
In Thousands

Improving Outcomes and Lowering Costs for Our Medicare Members
  Whatever else it might have done or will do, last year’s health insurance reform debate put the spotlight on the nation’s rising healthcare costs, especially in Medicare, and on the growing incidence of expensive and largely preventable chronic diseases.
That cost growth is unsustainable. Unless consumers are engaged in their health, and unless companies like ours with a track record of success in consumer engagement continue to offer attractive programs that make healthy things fun and fun things healthy, a crisis will soon be upon us.
We are doing what we can to mitigate such a crisis and, for own members, seeing good results. Favorable comparisons versus traditional Medicare in such important measures as hospital admissions, readmissions, and emergency room use are the result of an integrated member- and physician-focused services program that simply does not exist in traditional Medicare.
We believe that the consequence is better health outcomes and quality of life for our members, along with lower costs compared to seniors in traditional Medicare. The program begins with health risk assessments of new members and follows that up, where warranted, with proactive
outreach for clinical guidance.
This outreach can be in the form
of personal nurses, chronic care management programs, integrated medical and behavioral health, or hands-on assistance with feeding, bathing, and other key components of daily living. There are also a wide variety of healthy living and healthy eating options available to members, health and wellness classes, and a variety of plan-based and community- based support services for our most at-risk members through our Humana Cares program.
As it evolves, our clinical program is increasingly aligned with CMS’ Star rating system in anticipation of coming changes in the Medicare Advantage revenue model. Such alignment has already yielded progress. From 2010 to 2011, Humana’s Star rating summary score improved from 2.74 to 3.11 stars. For the 30 Humana plans rated in both years, 17 plans improved their Star ratings, 13 remained constant, and none experienced a decrease.
 Unless consumers
are engaged in their health, and unless companies like ours continue to offer attractive programs that make healthy things fun and fun things healthy, a crisis will soon be upon us.
          5 2010AnnualReport
   
It is worth noting that for the applicable Star measures, Humana tracks data on which of our members are compliant and which are not, and follows that up with a focused outreach effort. Once again, in comparison, none of this proactive health support is available to
members of traditional Medicare. In 2011, clinical standards are expected
to enable us to identify Medicare Advantage members who could benefit from our programs, according to evidence-based care guidelines.
We will then customize messaging
through a variety of channels – telephonic, electronic, and one-to- one conversations with clinical experts. We believe these initiatives will yield the added benefit of improved Star ratings moving forward.
Commercial Segment
  Beyond Medicare, making a difference at the level of individual health is fundamental to our Commercial segment strategy.
This strategy involves using the retail strengths we’ve honed in Medicare to capture opportunities in the individual market, while working through some initial volatility from health insurance reform. Our Commercial segment operations in 2010 featured continued growth in our direct-to-consumer HumanaOne® product. For the group Commercial business, medical offerings are increasingly targeted to certain geographies, while we aggressively market our expanding portfolio
of specialty and ancillary products nationwide.
While we anticipate a challenging near-term profitability environment in the individual market, reform- related provisions are expected
to increase the prospect pool by between 23 million and 40 million people in the next six years. We
expect to be well-positioned to
take advantage of this opportunity. Not only will we be able to offer individual health insurance, as well as traditional supplements like dental and vision, but we also plan to have a portfolio of new products and services related to consumers’ overall well-being. Rewards and loyalty incentives will be integral to these offerings. With this in mind, we acquired Hummingbird Coaching Services® inJulyoflastyear.A pioneer in scalable, affordable,
and results-driven coaching, Hummingbird fits well with our lifelong well-being orientation.
Another great fit is Concentra®. We ended 2010 with this key acquisition which we expect will further enable our strategy of creating relationships designed to help people achieve lifelong well-being. Concentra is an
2010AnnualReport 6
   
 industry-leading national health care company with more than 300 medical centers and 240 worksite medical facilities.
Through its affiliated clinicians, Concentra delivers occupational medicine, urgent care, physical therapy, and wellness services to workers and the general public in 42 states. The geographic fit with Humana is ideal; nearly three million Humanamedicalmemberslivenear a Concentra center. More than 14 percent of work-related injuries in the United States are treated at a Concentra center. And Concentra has relationships or formal accounts with more than 100,000 employers. We expect Concentra to support our commercial business immediately while we simultaneously proceed
with plans to expand the availability of these services to our Medicare members, all with projected accretion to our 2011 financial results.
The momentum generated by the Concentra acquisition extended into 2011, when we announced in February a joint venture with Discovery Holdings Ltd. Discovery is a global leader in health-related wellness, rewards, and loyalty.
SM
HumanaVitality, ourjoint-venture
entity, will incorporate Discovery’s sophisticated health-behavior-change model, supported by an actuarially sound incentives program. This will give Humana members the tools and support they need to help them make healthy nutrition, exercise,
and lifestyle choices.
  Reform-related provisions are expected to increase the individual marketplace by between 23 million and 40 million people in the next six years.
          We continue to
strive diligently in our members’ interest to improve outcomes while lowering costs – for them, for the company, and for
the country.
7 2010AnnualReport
  
 We continue to advance our ability to improve the quality of life and health outcomes of our members while helping them achieve lifelong well-being.
Conclusion
We will continue to look for the
kinds of strategic opportunities just described, as well as the possibility of share repurchases, as part of evaluating the most prudent near-term use of capital to ensure long-term value appreciation for our shareholders.
As we pursue our growth strategy through the remainder of 2011 – our company’s 50th year – and beyond,
we will be guided by the enhanced board involvement of Kurt J. Hilzinger. In August 2010 Kurt accepted the new position of Lead Director upon my appointment as Chairman of the Board.
I want to thank David A. Jones, Jr. for his many years as board chairman and for his continuing as an active member of the board. I also want to express my
sincere gratitude to W. Ann Reynolds, Ph.D., who will retire from our board later this year. A board member since 1991, Ann was instrumental in guiding our development and contributing to our success over the past two decades. I speak for each of my board colleagues in thanking her for all she has done to foster the company’s growth.
In summary, Humana experienced
a very solid 2010 which we believe positions us well for the future. Our operational discipline is sound across all our lines of business, and we continue to advance our ability to improve the quality of life and health outcomes of our members while helping them achieve
lifelong well-being.
Sincerely,
Michael B. McCallister Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Significant Stockholder
                                                           2010AnnualReport 8
  