Dear Fellow Stockholders,
The consumer has been and continues to be at the center of Humana's integrated care delivery strategy, which is based on simplifying and personalizing the consumer experience, ultimately increasing our members' engagement in clinical and wellness programs. The other major element of our strategy is to build strong partnerships with providers to assist their transition to value-based payments by providing them with technology, expertise and resources.
Bruce D. Broussard, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kurt J. Hilzinger, Chairman of the Board

improving people's health. Integrated care delivery is the most effective way to accomplish these goals, by creating a personalized and integrated experience for each of our members through our growing consumer and clinical capabilities. We have enhanced these capabilities further this year, and they serve as the engine that enables us to personalize interactions and engagement with our members to provide the right care at the right time through the most effective channel. To accelerate our health-focused efforts, last year we launched a multi-year commitment, which we call our Bold Goal: to improve the health of the communities we serve 20 percent by 2020 by making it easy for people to achieve their best health. To keep us on track, we are using the Healthy Days measurement, developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which measures population health and health-related quality of life.

Although we faced some headwinds in 2015, we believe our strategy remains sound. Our financial results did not fully reflect the strength of our integrated care model, and the progress we have made toward our vision of consumer-centric healthcare, but they did reflect the many changing variables in the industry. As healthcare costs continue to grow and the prevalence of chronic conditions steadily increases, we must create a sustainable model that emphasizes quality of care while slowing disease progression, lowering medical costs and

Our Integrated Care Delivery Model

2015 Annual Report

1

We made progress
Consumer experience 2.5 million
members in Star quality plans rated 4 or above (scale of 5)

Clinical engagement 3.9 million
gaps in care closed for our members

314,000
drug safety alerts resulting in discontinued scripts

Increased transactional
Net Promoter Scores (a standard measurement of the consumer experience) across our Medicare Advantage, stand-alone Prescription Drug Plans, individual and group commercial and pharmacy businesses

Continued success in helping people to have more days in their homes, approximately

44% fewer
hospital admissions among people living with multiple chronic conditions receiving Humana At Home care-management services

We were rated Highest in Customer Satisfaction with Mail Order Pharmacies in the J.D. Power 2015 U.S. Pharmacy Study

1.1 million
engaged in clinical programs identified through health risk assessments and predictive modeling capabilities

2

2015 Annual Report

in 2015
Provider partnerships 45,500
providers in value-based relationships. Providers in these types of relationships demonstrate 21 percent higher quality ratings ­ as measured by Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) scores ­ versus providers in standard Medicare Advantage settings
Although we were pleased with the progress we made last year on the consumer front, at the same time we had to address certain challenges in our Medicare Advantage operations in 2015. Additionally, complexities associated with the healthcare exchange businesses ­ including unanticipated, government-mandated rule changes ­ are having lingering effects on pricing assumptions, including volatility in the population covered. In the second half of 2015, we took significant steps to address these issues and to provide a solid trajectory to achieve our target margins for each of our core businesses over the long term. We also redoubled our efforts to engage our members and drive quality health outcomes for them and for our network physicians who care for them. That commitment to the consumer, combined with the operational corrections we made in 2015, provides us a solid trajectory for meaningful margin improvement as well as attractive growth in both revenues and earnings per share (EPS) in future years.

Humana Medicare Advantage members in value-based reimbursement model relationships experienced

7% fewer inpatient admissions per thousand.
In addition, screening rates for these members were 7% higher for colorectal cancer and 6 percent higher for breast cancer

2015 Annual Report

3

Humana believes all Americans should have access to high-quality healthcare.

$10.00 8.44***

Diluted Earnings per Common Share

$7.50

7.73* 7.36**

$5.00
*** Includes $0.99 per share of benefits expense for our closed block long-term care insurance policies reserve strengthening.

$2.50

** Includes $0.15 per share of expense related to early retirement of debt. *** Includes a gain of $1.57 per share associated with the completion of the sale of the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Concentra Inc. on June 1, 2015, $0.14 per share of expense associated with the pending transaction with Aetna Inc., and $0.74 per share of expense related to a premium deficiency reserve (PDR) associated with certain of the company's 2016 individual commercial policies.

0 2013 2014 2015

4

2015 Annual Report

Humana believes all Americans should have access to high-quality healthcare. While we appreciate the consumer orientation of the Affordable Care Act's healthcare exchange program, it requires certain changes to make it viable in the long term. We are encouraged by CMS' recognition of the need for changes and its willingness to take steps in that direction. We will continue to partner with the government and work toward further enhancements as we evaluate our future participation in this program. In July 2015, we signed a definitive merger agreement with Aetna Inc. We believe Aetna is the ideal business partner to accelerate

our strategy and to bring the benefits of integrated care ­ including clinical capabilities and data analytics ­ to millions more Americans. Like Humana, Aetna has a strong focus on partnering with consumers to improve their health and well-being and a distinguished history as a leading FORTUNE 100 enterprise. The transaction has already been approved by our stockholders, but it is still subject to various regulatory approvals. We continue to anticipate that the transaction will close in the latter half of 2016.

In summary, we are firmly committed to our strategy of integrated care delivery. Our value proposition is strong, and we remain dedicated to our goal of enabling better health outcomes at lower costs for our members. We would like to express our thanks to Humana's associates who, in a period of transition for our company, have continued to display resilience, compassion, skill and energy on behalf of our members, our partners and our stockholders. Sincerely,

Kurt J. Hilzinger Chairman of the Board

Bruce D. Broussard President, Chief Executive Officer and Board member

We have redoubled our efforts to engage our members and drive quality health outcomes for them and for our network physicians who care for them.
2015 Annual Report 5

