 To our Stockholders:
In 2004, as in 2003, Humana achieved record levels of revenues and membership. Earnings per share rose to $1.72, a 22 percent increase over the prior year. Consolidated pretax margin increased 40 basis points to 3.2 percent – the highest achieved by Humana in its history as a stand-alone health benefits company – while cash flows from operations approximated $348 million, 1.2 times our net income for the year.
These outstanding financial results are evidence of progress in many operational areas within our diversified portfolio of business segments and products.
• We were able to grow membership and revenues profitably in both our government and commercial businesses.
• We announced our expansion into 14 new Medicare PPO markets and are making the necessary investments to expand Medicare profitably in 2005 and 2006, based in large part on the many opportunities inherent in the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003.
• Our TRICARE business for military families and retirees successfully transitioned to a new contract with no earnings or operating performance missteps.
• In our commercial segment, we achieved growth despite the challenges of a difficult pricing environment by focusing on profitability and business mix. We exited unprofitable accounts and shifted our portfolio toward increased administrative services only (ASO) and individual membership.
• We grew our consumer-choice products and maintained the SmartSuite medical cost trend at approximately 5 percent, well below market levels, on a growing base of membership.
• We introduced a number of important new products including SmartExpress, which for the first time offers small business many consumer-oriented advantages that large employers typically enjoy, and a high-deductible health plan for individuals which includes the ability to use the health-savings account (HSA) funding mechanism. This product introduction paved the way for our planned expansion into the group HSA market in 2005.
• Over the course of less than 10 months, we successfully acquired, integrated and – importantly – converted all of the Ochsner Health Plan membership in Louisiana to Humana’s technology platform. We also announced our agreement to acquire CarePlus Health Plans in Miami, which closed February 16, 2005.
In reviewing 2004 and at the same time looking ahead, we’re convinced this is the right time for Humana.
The right time for Humana
There are a number of converging forces, both internal and external, that point to continued success for our company. The two key elements are that we see a significant opportunity in Medicare in 2005 and an even greater one in the years ahead; and, on the commercial side, we believe that aggressive competitor pricing is starting to ease. As this happens, customers will pay even greater attention to our innovative, consumer- choice total solutions that reduce health care costs while offering employers and employees a superior health plan experience. We believe we have a significant market advantage in both Medicare and innovative commercial products, and that conditions are right for us to extend this “dual lead” in the near term.

The reason for our optimism is that we see the external market view of how to tackle the major problems in health insurance increasingly lining up with our internal vision. First and foremost, rising health care costs have taken center stage as one of the crucial issues for businesses and individuals in the United States. In a recent survey of Business Roundtable CEOs, 60 percent ranked health care cost increases as the largest single problem threatening U.S. economic growth. Although rising costs have eased off their highest levels, employers are still shifting costs to their employees – a short-sighted and unsustainable quick fix. In any case, the secular cost trend continues to run in double digits, driven by new drugs, technology, the growth in elective surgery and an aging population – all factors that will stay in place for years to come.
Neither businesses nor consumers see the continuation of double-digit increases in their health care costs as something tenable over the long term. This is particularly true at a time when inflation in the rest of our economy is generally under control and the consumer price index averages in the range of 2 to 3 percent annually. Only a total solution that controls costs for both employers and employees can provide a sustainable way out of the dilemma.
Humana bases its business model on two priorities important to the market: first, the need to find new and innovative answers to the cost issue; and second, consumers’ growing desire for a better health plan experience – one that gives them the confidence they need to make the right choices for themselves and their families through actionable information and guidance, which we supply. If nothing else, the national election taught us that while they respond in different ways, both political parties recognize not only the primacy of the health cost dilemma, but also the fact that the only way to achieve a long-term cost solution is by unleashing the power of consumers through people who are equipped to seek quality, value and price. In the hidebound world of health benefits, it’s the one thing that hasn’t been tried. And it’s the one thing that is bound to succeed – as every other industry and sector of the economy has taught us. Once automatic teller machines began dispensing cash more conveniently than bank tellers, or the Internet offered a faster, more cost-effective way to book a flight than telephoning or visiting a travel agent, the consumer revolution had arrived in banking and travel. With our track record of innovation that produces practical results, we’re at the forefront of the consumer revolution in health insurance.
Another significant area where there is a convergence of views between Humana and the market is how to provide insurance to the growing – and soon to be growing rapidly – population of senior citizens. The passage of the Medicare Modernization Act in 2003 started the resurgence of Medicare as a strong business opportunity for those companies that understand, based on varied and successful experience, how to work with government and with senior citizens. This has re-established Medicare as a business line that is likely to bring us accelerating growth.
In short, the business investments we have made over the past three years – staying the course in Medicare, while pioneering consumerism in the commercial space -- are now paying off.
A different approach
We believe we’ve been able to reach this point because Humana is a different type of company. Our management team views market dynamics differently and as a result, makes different calls on what businesses to be in and what products to develop and launch. Part of this is related to our unique corporate history. For 25 years Humana operated hospitals. This gives us a valuable first-hand perspective on how the market works from “the other side of the table.” Further insights into the provider side of the equation, and how providers and payors can work to mutual advantage, were gained during Humana’s operation of a large network of freestanding physician clinics in the 1980s and managing vertically integrated HMOs in the same period. It was against this varied background that we became a major participant in Medicare with our acquisition of Miami-based International Medical Centers in 1987. By serving the Medicare HMO market longer and more successfully than almost all of our competitors, we learned “early lessons” in health-care consumerism – Medicare may be a largely government-financed program but it’s built on a retail sale to individual consumers.

This diversified history set the stage for our current industry-leading product and business-segment diversification. We are one of the few health benefits companies that draws revenues from group, individual, Medicare, Medicaid and military customers, and the only one with membership divided nearly evenly between government and commercial. Besides making us less susceptible to market sector volatility, this diversification allows us to leverage strengths across businesses.
If we can highlight the three ways in which we are unique, it would be in our consumer orientation, our focus on providing a non-commodity total solution and our practical use of innovation. Each of these aspects helps us drive sales and differentiate ourselves in the marketplace.
Consumer orientation
Perhaps the key differentiating factor is our consumer orientation. Our areas of greatest strength are those in which we directly touch an individual customer. For example, internally we think of our Medicare business and our individual insurance products together, under a “direct-to-consumer” business heading. As we referenced a moment ago, Medicare is a market of highly motivated, discerning individual clients who require great products and excellent marketing skills. This consumer orientation also allowed us to achieve rapid success with our individual commercial product, launched in 2002. Ultimately, the demands of the Medicare and individual insurance members need to be handled in similar ways; both are retail purchasers who are personally invested in the decision to buy. This consumer focus is also helping us to bring a consumer orientation to the military families and retirees we cover, offering actionable information that enables them to choose and use their benefits with confidence.
The best example of our consumer orientation is our groundbreaking Smart products. The unique Smart approach offers employers and employees a spectrum of plan options that include traditional HMOs and PPOs as well as consumer-choice plans. These options are surrounded by Internet-based guidance tools that transform passive health-care users into savvy, value-conscious health-care consumers. Through actionable information supplied by Humana, consumers gain the ability to make cost and quality decisions the way they do in other aspects of their purchasing lives. The result for them and for their employers is dramatically lower costs – trend for Smart customers runs at about 5 percent annually, well under half the rate of health care inflation.
The approach to consumer engagement we developed for Smart products is paying off in a variety of ways. For 2005, we have projected growth of about 100,000 new members in our consumer-choice plans. Equally important, we have used the techniques developed in our Smart products to drive consumer orientation in all our business. This is evident, for example, in our new Medicare products, which feature such cost-saving tools as Maximize Your Benefit – a voice-activated telephone notification of lower-cost, therapeutically equivalent prescription drug alternatives. We believe consumerism in Medicare will be very successful as the senior audience is increasingly motivated to hold costs in check.
One of the reasons our consumer focus is so important is that it is reflected more and more in public policy decision-making. The Medicare Modernization Act was also the vehicle that established the HSA financing option for employees who choose a high-deductible health plan. As HSAs grow in popularity, and employers shift costs in all benefit offerings, our customer service orientation and our technology-supported, consumer- oriented culture will position us well to take advantage of the opportunity.
Focus on total solutions
An important aspect of our consumer orientation is our focus on providing total solutions to the end-user. We integrate different parts of our business to make this possible. Our abilities in product design, clinical programs, financial forecasting and what we call the integrated consumer experience have been combined to create the Humana Guidance Solution, which is predicated on consumer engagement. Ultimately, consumer engagement leads to cost savings and significant improvement in how end-user customers view their experience with Humana.
A good example of such consumer engagement is our Personal Nurse service. While most other companies have a nurse available to answer incoming calls, we’ve developed a program in which our Personal Nurses interact over time with members who have chronic conditions. With special training in behavioral science and

advanced communication techniques, Personal Nurses are able to seize “moments of motivation” that help change behavior and thus lead to the avoidance of costly and debilitating medical episodes – or, if necessary, prepare members to enter the health care system confidently. Our sophisticated, patent-pending predictive modeling techniques enable us to identify the “pre-sick” and connect them with a Personal Nurse in time for effective intervention on both the cost and care sides of the health care equation. Ultimately, any improvement we can suggest that results in members’ changing unhealthy behavior improves their quality of life, builds their knowledge and confidence as health consumers and reduces costs.
Innovations that deliver practical results
Another example of how Humana is unique is in our use of science to create innovations that deliver practical results to our customers. While most health insurance companies have an information technology (IT) department, we approach technology as research and development (R&D), in the same way a biotechnology company would. The difference is that while our investments in technology provide a baseline of cost savings that every company expects, they go farther, underpinning our innovation platform and making total solutions possible. Our technology platforms give our products the results-driven functionality that our customers and members want. The recognition we’ve received from industry analysts and award programs provides important third-party validation for our leadership in this area. We received an American Business Award in 2003 – a “Stevie,” the Oscar of commerce – for leadership in engineering and product development; the Forrester Group has named us the health-benefits leader in the growing consumer space; and Information Week magazine has rankedus6th amongcompaniesinallindustriesforthesophisticationandeffectivenessofourapproachtoIT.
Consumer research and data analysis are key elements of using technology to enable R&D. Through our Center for Health Metrics, we mine data in ways that allow us to focus at the individual member level on behavior modification. In the 19th century, most people died because society didn’t have the ability to prevent or cure disease. In the 21st century, the major causes of disease include obesity, heart disease and diabetes, each a condition that doctors can treat, cure or prevent. The key is to identify individuals whose health history and lifestyle choices put them at risk for developing or worsening these conditions. Every time we identify “pre-sick” individuals and intervene to suggest behavior change, we potentially improve health and save money for employees and their companies.
The investment in technology integration within Humana allows us to offer comprehensive products and services that work effectively for our customers.
Long-term view in a short-term world
When these three differentiating characteristics are considered – our consumer orientation, our solutions focus and our use of innovation to drive practical results – they derive from the principle that in a short-term- oriented world, we’re willing to take a long-term view. We’re not the largest company in the industry so we can’t rely on sheer bulk to be successful.
One of the key lessons we learned from our longevity in the Medicare business is that it’s difficult to time market cycles in the various parts of our businesses. By staying committed to businesses and products that we believe are viable in the long term, we benefit as the market moves. Our diversification across segments and products allows us to increase our opportunities for success.
2005: Diversified growth
We are optimistic about 2005 and confident about the growth goals we’ve set for the coming year. We have greater visibility and stability than we’ve ever had in our Government segment. In our Commercial segment, we anticipate the continued portfolio migration to ASO for our large customers and more growth in the individual HumanaOne product. In addition, we see continued progress for our high-margin Smart products, including our new SmartExpress offering for groups of 2 to 299 employees. Although it’s too early to be certain, we think we’re seeing the beginnings of a return to rational pricing in our commercial markets. We’re also focusing on continued excellence in the daily execution and management of our existing businesses. The smooth completion of our TRICARE transition is typical of our management team’s ability to execute effectively across multiple functions.

Senior products: Opportunity for the experienced
Medicare is an excellent business for those, like Humana, who stayed with it and understand how to both work with the federal government and serve the senior citizen customer. While Medicare is a large growth opportunity in 2005, we think the biggest opportunities lie in 2006 and 2007, when the program’s new regional PPOs and prescription drug plans (PDPs) are in effect. We’ve built into our 2005 financials the cost to prepare for our expanded programs in 2006.
PPOs, favored by many consumers, offer an especially large opportunity for Humana, both in terms of expanding our local Medicare PPOs and participating in regional PPOs in 2006 and beyond.
Commercial portfolio migration
In the commercial business, the key story is also one of growth. 2004 was a pivotal year in our commercial business as we exited unprofitable business and pursued our strategy of growing revenues only when we can show commensurate improvements in profitability. Larger-group fully insured accounts often require carriers to accept “slice” business, an area that will not be a primary focus for our growth. We intend instead to direct our larger-group efforts toward maximizing growth in full-replacement ASO accounts. We also expect our individual insured products to continue to achieve substantial growth.
Where we see more opportunity for full-replacement, fully insured growth is in our small- to mid-sized business. We believe there is still an unmet need in the marketplace and anticipate that a far greater percentage of our future commercial portfolio will consist of members in this segment. The feedback from the brokerage community related to SmartExpress has been excellent and we anticipate growing adoption once the progressive market rollout is completed in the first half of 2005.
Also, our higher-margin SmartSuite and SmartSelect products for larger employers will continue to grow and contribute to the bottom line. We see these products as being very appealing in the 300 to 3,000 employee market. While Smart products remain a relatively small part of our overall commercial portfolio, they continue to gain traction. These products have proven their ability to reduce trend for employers to mid-single-digits and have an excellent reputation in the market.
As noted above, recently we’ve seen some mitigation in aggressive pricing by our competitors. While it’s too early to call this a trend, we think it indicates that rational pricing will return to our markets sooner rather than later. We believe this will have the most noticeable impact on our Smart products. When competitors are not pricing overly aggressively, the “consultative sale” associated with this non-commodity, long-term solution brings its differentiating aspects into focus, and is more likely to result in a successful close.
Expanding an already robust presence
In 2005, we expect to use our product mix diversification to expand our medical provider network and create new growth opportunities. While we believe that this industry will continue to consolidate, large mergers have a mixed history relative to execution and, ultimately, shareholder value. For Humana, targeted acquisitions that enhance geographic and product strength are likely areas of focus going forward. Last year’s Ochsner acquisition, which was very successful and very smoothly integrated, reestablished us in the industry as an excellent partner for quality niche companies looking for a home. The CarePlus acquisition looks to be the same, and enabled us to significantly raise earnings guidance when it closed on February 16, 2005. As always, we’ll be alert to similar opportunities that can be accomplished at the right price.
Importantly, there are other ways in addition to acquisition to expand our market footprint. While Humana is often viewed as a super-regional firm, we actually have geographic coverage as extensive as some of the largest participants in the industry, and we compete with them in multiple markets. In addition to fill-in geographic acquisitions, such as Ochsner, we are using our product leadership in markets to help expand our geographic footprint. We believe that there are certain niches where we can increase our geographic scope based on providing innovative products that may not be otherwise available. We expect our footprint to grow as providers see the benefit of facilitating Humana’s competitiveness in their markets.

Earnings quality
In 2004, our earnings quality again was strong and we forecast it to remain very high. We continue to be among the industry’s lowest in days of claims outstanding while maintaining a high operating cash flows to net income ratio. This cash flow will allow us to fund our organic growth and be opportunistic for any fill-in acquisitions. Also, because of the change in our TRICARE contract, the variability of quarterly profit recognition in this business will be significantly reduced, making results from our military business smoother throughout the year.
So when you think of Humana’s near-term story, these are the main points:
• We expect to extend our position as the industry’s leading consumer-focused company
• We’re very comfortable with our financial targets for 2005
• We view our existing Medicare business as very solid, positioning us for strong
growth in 2005 and beyond
• Our commercial business will continue a migration to ASO, individual and
full-replacement consumer-choice Smart products
• TRICARE will be more evenly predictable over quarters
• Earnings quality and cash flow will remain high, and
• Overall, you’ll see excellent blocking and tackling on the basics of business
execution, combined with continuous innovation.
The future
Most important, in 2005 we will position our company for acceleration of our growth rate in 2006. We have built into our 2005 financials the cost associated with seizing a significant Medicare opportunity in 2006. We believe the PPO opportunity is excellent and not well understood by others in the senior market. We’ll share more details as time makes these disclosures less useful to our competitors.
We also believe that by 2006, we should be well-positioned in the commercial marketplace as employers increasingly seek non-commodity, long-term solutions to the problem of rising costs. In addition, we are one of the few insurers prepared to take maximum advantage of the coming convergence of financial services and health benefits, based on our successful history of managing consumer-choice products with spending- account options like flexible spending accounts and health reimbursement accounts.
When you evaluate Humana for the longer term, these are some of the aspects you’ll continue to see:
• A consumer company slowing the growth of health care costs and providing a better health plan experience through consumer engagement
• Continued diversification of revenues and earnings across a wide spectrum of customers, products and geographies
• Technology enabling new products and services that provide total solutions for employers and consumers
• A company using R&D to foster constant innovation, encourage behavior change and reduce costs.
 Sincerely,
David A. Jones Chairman of the Board Significant Stockholder
Michael B. McCallister Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Significant Stockholder
 