To our Stockholders
For the sixth consecutive year, Humana achieved strong
earnings growth in 2006. It was a year in which we
increased revenues by nearly 50 percent and earnings
per common share by more than 60 percent – making
our company by far the most impressive growth story in
our industry, and one of the best in American business.
And it was a year that established the momentum to
allow us to forecast another year of substantial revenue
and net income growth in 2007.
A Transformative Year
A year ago, we predicted that 2006 would be a
transformative year for Humana. It was. In growing
from a $14 billion to a $21 billion enterprise and adding
an additional 4.2 million medical members during 2006,
we transformed ourselves from a regional competitor
to a national leader, now active in all 50 states, with a
strong, well-respected brand.
How did we achieve this success?
• We established Humana as one of the top two
competitors in the new Medicare Prescription
Drug Plan (PDP) arena, vastly exceeding our
membership expectations.
We met our aggressive membership goals
for Medicare Advantage and used our
unique and successful Medicare marketing,
distribution and value-proposition model to
position ourselves for continued Medicare
Advantage growth into the future.
• Earnings in our Commercial segment
continued to increase, with membership
growth occurring in segments of strategic
focus: Administrative Services Only (ASO),
individual, small group and consumer plans.
• We solidified and enhanced our position
as a leading consumer company in health
benefits, at the forefront of the movement
toward greater cost and quality transparency.
•
We successfully administered another option
period of our TRICARE contract, and are now
in our 11th year as a trusted Department of
Defense business partner.
•
We were named “easiest to do business
with” in a national physician survey
conducted by athenahealth, validating our
commitment to becoming the industry’s
number-one provider partner, and ranked
first in Florida and second in Texas in a J.D.
Power survey of customer satisfaction
among PDP members.
For 2006, earnings per common share were
$2.90, representing an increase of 62 percent
over the $1.79 per common share we earned
last year.
Leadership in Health Benefits
Beyond pacesetting growth, an important way to
measure industry leadership is to look at brand
positioning in relation to peers. As determined
by CoreBrand, the nation’s foremost authority
on the quantification of brand equity, Humana’s
brand scores the highest in favorability of any in
our industry. Our news media “share-of-voice”
in consumerism, Medicare and transparency
is first among our peer companies. And our
emphasis on putting the consumer at the center
of the health-benefits equation, which we
pioneered in 2000, is now being followed by
many competitors.
Medicare: Unprecedented
Expansion
During 2006, Humana launched a significantly
expanded offering of Medicare insurance plans
in response to the 2003 Medicare Modernization
Act. In preparing for this breakthrough
opportunity, we were convinced that we
could offer PDP options that people with
Medicare would wholeheartedly embrace.
At the same time, we believed we could
significantly expand our multiple Medicare
Advantage offerings and, over time, present
our new PDP members with Medicare
Advantage value propositions that would
represent compelling, affordable long-term
benefits solutions.
The positive response to our strategy was
unprecedented. Our PDP offerings enrolled
3.5 million members, the second-highest total
among all carriers. We were especially gratified
by the 2.9 million of this total who chose us
voluntarily (as opposed to being auto-assigned) –
also the second-highest industry result.
Our Medicare Advantage plans grew from
approximately 560,000 at December 31, 2005 to
1 million a year later. Total Medicare membership
at December 31, 2006, was 4.5 million, a more
than eight-fold increase in 12 months.
Behind these results is a unique, integrated
Medicare model that was in tune with seniors’
needs and desires. It featured the following
principal elements.
First, while Medicare is a
government
program, it is in our view a
retail
consumer business.
Our research suggested
that just as with our “Smart” family of consumer-
focused Commercial products, a spectrum of
product offerings featuring varying benefits and
different price points would appeal to people
with Medicare. We developed SmartSummary Rx,
the industry’s first cumulative, personalized cost
and benefits statement that shows our Medicare
members what prescriptions they filled, how
much they paid for them and how to save money
in the future. We learned that seniors wanted to
be approached and educated one-on-one, so we
developed our successful national “Let’s Talk” RV
educational campaign prior to the selling period.
It eventually reached more than 300 cities. We
also wanted to establish ourselves as the thought
leader in Medicare, and therefore executed
an early, aggressive national media strategy,
positioning Humana as the “go-to” company on
questions of plan design, senior preferences and
public policy.
Second, we knew seniors wanted to
enroll in the new Medicare options
through a variety of formats,
so, in
conjunction with our government partners, we
developed the capacity for e-signatures and
a robust Humana website to facilitate online
enrollment. As it turned out, 38 percent of our
first-year PDP enrollees signed up online.
Knowing that Wal-Mart has an enormous
volume of senior traffic, we partnered with this
trusted consumer brand – and with other leading
consumer companies like State Farm and USAA –
which served as effective sales distribution
channels throughout the enrollment period.
We knew people with Medicare wanted to be
treated as active, dynamic individuals; thus we
developed a distinguishing series of quality-of-
life programs, including Humana Active Outlook,
a comprehensive menu of health, wellness and
healthy lifestyle offerings; SilverSneakers, which
provides free health club memberships; and
PositScience, a computer-based brain fitness
program promoting mental acuity.
Third, we knew that unparalleled service
in the first year would be crucial to
establishing long-term relationships
with our new senior membership.
We therefore invested accordingly and, as mentioned
previously, earned the number one PDP service
company ranking in Florida and number two
in Texas – both states with large Medicare
populations – from J.D. Power and Company.
Finally and most importantly, we knew
that seniors would ultimately measure
the success of our PDP offerings by their
ability to save money on prescription
drugs.
They have. Seniors across the nation are
saving billions of dollars in drug costs, and the
program is costing the government less than
anticipated – about $113 billion less over the
next ten years, according to a recent report by
actuaries from the Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services.
As we entered the 2007 PDP selling season
in late 2006, we believed our senior population
would be extremely loyal to Humana, and
they have been. Our objective was to
maintain our PDP enrollment of approximately
3.5 million members throughout this year.
January enrollment results confirm that we
are now on track to exceed this, as we expect
to have approximately 3.6 million members
by December 31.
We’re also pleased with the way our Medicare
Advantage sales season has unfolded so far.
Sales to date have been robust, coming in
slightly above our expectations, while attrition
is within our forecasted range. We expect
to finish 2007 with between 1,130,000 and
1,200,000 Medicare Advantage members. As our
relationship with our PDP members strengthens
over time, we believe those members will
become increasingly interested in our Medicare
Advantage value proposition, which bodes well
for future Medicare Advantage growth.
Commercial: Consumer Leadership
is a Competitive Differentiator
Given a difficult Commercial pricing environment,
our leadership in consumerism is enabling us
to break free from the “commodity pack.”
Continued expansion of our consumer-focused
offerings, with parallel growth in ASO, individual
and small group plans, will contribute to
Humana’s growth in earnings in the Commercial
segment. Our ongoing success will focus on
these primary features.
A broad, balanced portfolio.
Membership
in Humana’s ASO, individual, and Smart family of
consumer health plans now represents more than
50 percent of our Commercial business. From the
start of 2004 to the end of 2006, membership
has grown in each category.
• In ASO, membership more than doubled
from 712,000 to 1.53 million.
• In consumer-choice products, membership
more than tripled from 116,000 to 438,000.
• In individual products, membership more
than tripled from 55,000 to 183,000.
Consumerism.
As the market increasingly
views consumerism as the answer to rising
costs, we believe our unique, comprehensive
approach will take hold more broadly. By
uniting product design, financial forecasting,
clinical programs and consumer engagement,
Humana’s Guidance Solution delivers sustainable
employer cost savings and provides consumers
with a superior health-plan experience. Growing
evidence indicates the approach is working. A
four-year analysis of 231 companies and 219,000
Humana SmartSuite members (from a range
of industries) shows an annual medical cost
trend consistently in the 4 to 5 percent range,
improved drug compliance rates and enhanced
use of preventive health care services, all with
the employer/employee cost share virtually
unchanged. In our view this is
real
consumerism,
and it represents a long-term competitive growth
advantage for Humana.
Transparency.
Humana is ahead of the
competition in bringing cost and performance
data to consumers, who need this information to
make educated choices. In reference to Humana’s
current and coming-to-market transparency
tools, a Towers Perrin health care consultant
recently remarked that Humana is “eons ahead
of the competition.”
Leveraging Medicare success to
enhance Commercial growth.
As we have
secured new physician and hospital network
arrangements for our expanding Medicare
business across the country, we’ve become better
positioned to expand our Commercial presence
as well. Off-season deployment of our Medicare
sales force for individual Commercial sales and
the growing recognition of Humana’s brand
through our Medicare expansion make it easier
for us to contract with providers as well as to sell
and renew Commercial members.
Becoming a trusted infomediary.
In the last few years we’ve expanded our
role as a trusted infomediary for a variety
of key audiences.
• For providers, we’ve developed Availity (in
conjunction with Blue Cross Blue Shield of
Florida), a highly successful, standardized
online real-time claims interface. All of
Florida’s hospitals and 93 percent of its
physicians have embraced this technology,
which has enormously expanded provider
connectivity and contributed to Humana’s
national reputation as “easiest to do business
with” among doctors. Availity has also
become a value-added
consumer
benefit
by facilitating real-time claims adjudication,
payer-based electronic health records and
HSA administration at physician offices. Of
special note is our forthcoming expansion of
Availity to Illinois, Texas, Oklahoma and New
Mexico as a result of a new agreement with
HCSC, the Blue Cross plan in those states.
• For employers, we’ve created a
technologically advanced, hospital and
physician cost-and-quality online transparency
project in conjunction with the Business
Healthcare Group of Southeast Wisconsin,
a Milwaukee-based employer coalition. This
ground-breaking initiative takes transparency
to a new level. And it has performed
remarkably well. According to coalition data,
health costs for the coalition’s ASO members
served by Humana
declined
by 15 percent in
2006 compared to 2005.
• Among many guidance tools developed for
Commercial members, the most noteworthy
is SmartSummary, a more robust version
of SmartSummary Rx. SmartSummary
cumulatively tracks the health services
members used, what those services cost and
what members could do to save money in
the future for all benefts covered by the plan.
Our overall consumer knowledge base, built first,
as we mentioned, from engaging consumers in
our Commercial segment, has been enhanced
by what we’ve learned from managing Medicare
as a consumer business. Such cross-integration
of consumer capabilities is at the heart of our
success. One of the key lessons we have learned
from all our efforts in the past half-decade is
the more we meet consumers on their own
terms, the more they view us as a value-added
“guidance partner,” engendering their loyalty
over many years.
Looking Ahead
With future growth in mind, we’d now like to
turn to what we believe is the most compelling
question for leaders in our industry: What will
it take to achieve long-term success in the
emerging new world of health benefits? As
context, we would stipulate that our sector has
largely been immune from challenges that have
profoundly affected the rest of the economy –
globalization, competition from outside the
industry and changing consumer preferences.
But that’s about to change. Long-term
cost factors that result primarily from the
demographics of aging, along with baby
boomers’ relentless desire to better themselves
(and their ability to pay for the privilege), will
rapidly bring health care into the mainstream.
And only those companies already making
progress on the 10 imperatives set forth below
will be able to thrive.
1. Join the rest of the economy.
We’ve
had the luxury of living in a world where
the anomalies of the third-party payer
system have shielded us from the realities
of the marketplace. As consumers pay more
through higher deductible health plans
and other forms of cost-sharing, they will
increasingly seek the value they’ve come
to expect in other aspects of their
purchasing lives.
2. Drive integration toward a total solution.
For consumers, solutions are all-important.
Whether it’s a telecommunications company
bundling everything from basic phone service
to on-demand entertainment, or megastores
that offer a wide variety of products under
one roof, buyers want offerings that make
their lives better and easier. In health care,
consumers have had to hunt to find “pieces”
of solutions as best they can.
3.
Embrace an inevitable new role.
Those who define our industry only as
aggregating risk, building networks and
paying claims have less than half the story.
Today and tomorrow we’ll offer tools,
programs and support that underpin a
guidance-partner role that produces lower
costs, better outcomes and a quality
health-plan experience.
4.
Exhibit a passion for the consumer.
Our industry has never had a consumer focus,
primarily because it never had to. Observing,
understanding and listening to consumers
will soon become vital – but that’s only the
beginning. We must be passionate about the
belief that consumers, as drivers of
two-thirds of the economy, are the only
means to achieving sustainable systemic
change in health care.
5.
View consumerism as a strategy, not
simply a product.
Consumerism in health
benefits should be more about how people
think and act rather than what they buy.
Although products are increasingly designed
to promote positive behavior change, they
cannot by themselves drive lasting consumer
engagement unless they are integrated with
clinical guidance, financial forecasting and
consumer education.
6.
Advance the growing convergence of
health benefits and finance.
As costs
and cost-sharing continue to rise, helping
consumers understand the tax advantages
of the HSAs they choose, for example, will
produce savvy decision-making likely to
carry over into the “use” side of the
choose-finance-use equation.
7.
Maximize the power of data.
Health plans are at the center of the
health system’s dataflow. While protecting
members’ privacy, we are uniquely able to
aggregate, analyze and draw insights from
data that is sent to us from every point in the
system – hospitals, pharmacies, laboratories,
doctors and specialty providers. From these
insights, consumers can be empowered to
change behavior.
8.
Value and build success through
intangibles.
The era of valuing
corporations based on land, buildings,
machinery and equipment is long past. In
the health benefits sector, such intangibles
as patents, processes, knowledge, brand
and human capital increasingly differentiate
successful companies and lead to solutions
for consumers.
9.
Find opportunities to standardize
connectivity.
An ATM card works anywhere
because the banking industry had the insight
to realize that a proprietary productivity gain
could be leveraged into a far more valuable
revenue and profit-generator, if rivals would
cooperate to support a common system.
Such cooperation, leading to standardization
and increased connectivity, can work for our
sector the same way, with the consumer
being the beneficiary.
10.
Balance scale with innovation.
Size is
important to enable meaningful technology
investment. But nimble thinking is critical
too. If size were the only determinant of
success, the industry wouldn’t be in need
of fundamental, consumer-oriented reform,
since some health insurers have enjoyed large
scale for some time.
What these imperatives add up to is that success
will come to companies that think boldly (in
terms of vision and solutions), change quickly
(by exploring adjacencies, fostering integration
and acting on insights) and make data work
harder – for consumers, and thus for themselves.
Humana’s recent transformative growth, and our
experience applying many of these imperatives in
our consumer approach to Medicare expansion,
position us well for this kind of success.
Summary
To sum up, Humana has become a leader
in our industry. We’re at the forefront of
consumerism and transparency – related industry
“megatrends” that are both gaining momentum.
We’re forecasting another year of record
revenues and earnings; if we achieve only the
low end of our projections, we will have nearly
doubled in revenues in two years and more than
doubled in net income. We’re expanding our
guidance skills to embrace new services designed
to create long-term profi
table relationships with
our growing health plan membership base.
Such leadership is especially important in the
context of renewed national interest in health
reform. Humana, our trade association and the
business groups we belong to all believe that
every American should have access to affordable
health care coverage. We further believe that
first priority should be given to covering all
children and making our health care system more
efficient and effective. We’ve long been a partner
with government in Medicare, Medicaid and
TRICARE, and we believe that whatever direction
health reform ultimately takes, our successful
experience – combined with our commitment to
consumerism and innovation – will stand us in
good stead.
As you think about Humana’s future, we invite
you to bear in mind the following essentials:
•
We have transformed ourselves into a
company with a nationwide presence
and brand.
•
We are firmly and successfully focused on the
imperatives necessary to be successful over
the long term.
•
We are poised to achieve significant growth
in revenue and earnings in our Medicare and
Commercial businesses.
•
We are dedicated to reducing costs and
providing a superior health plan experience
through consumer engagement.
•
We use technology to enable new products
and services, providing guidance and total
solutions for employers and consumers.
•
We engage in research and development to
foster constant innovation, unexcelled service
and positive consumer behavior change.
•
Our board of directors is a focused,
independent team that brings to bear a
wide spectrum of operational expertise on
Humana’s strategic direction.
Sincerely,
David A. Jones, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
Significant Stockholder
Michael B. McCallister
Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
Significant Stockholder
