Dear Fellow StockholDerS,
2013 was a remarkable year for Huntsman Corporation. Our nonPigments business achieved a level of earnings that was not only the highest in our history, but also the most widely distributed among our various geographies and chemistries. Most all of our products grew in margin and volume from the previous year, and as we look into 2014, we move forward with confidence that all our divisions will perform better than the previous year. This past year, many of the broad global economic indicators around the world were not favorable. However, for Huntsman Corporation, it was the culmination of effort and planning that started a couple of years ago. We committed to deliver greater shareholder value by controlling the variables that we can control. These efforts will continue through 2014, but this past year's results certainly benefited from this focus. In the area of controlling our costs, we are approximately 75 percent complete with a business reorganization that will improve our earnings by approximately $250 million. We have relocated manufacturing to countries such as Thailand, China and Mexico where many of our customers are expanding. We have invested in our manufacturing assets and increased the production of more specialty product grades in locations such as the United States, across Europe, Singapore and China. We are expanding our technical and research capabilities in the United States and China to take advantage of growing economies and new product development and are adding capacity in the United States to take advantage of lower-cost energy and raw materials. Our second area of focus is the expansion of our core business through "bolt-on" acquisitions. Over the past two years, we have acquired businesses or formed joint ventures in the United States, Japan, China, Russia, Turkey, Germany and Saudi Arabia. All of these acquisitions provide a means to move further downstream into more differentiated applications. In short, this will create greater shareholder value. In 2013, we earned over $50 million from these efforts. Over the next several years, our acquisitions and ventures will add over $350 million of additional EBITDA to our company. The third area of focus and value delivery will be the acquisition of Rockwood Holdings' Performance Additives and Titanium Dioxide businesses. We expect to close on this transaction in the first half of 2014. We have identified $130 million of synergies that will come to our pigments group over the next two years. This acquisition will allow us to participate in a much broader pigments industry and make us the largest color and white pigments company in the world. It is our expectation that we will take this newly formed company public within two years at a time when we can maximize shareholder value and strengthen our balance sheet. Between these three initiatives, we will see our margins increase, our manufacturing base expand and the number of products and markets we are serving grow further. Importantly, 2013 marked the best year for our safety and environmental performance. We operate well below the industry average and remain committed to continuous improvement in these two areas. While I am excited about our expanding chemistry, I am far more enthusiastic to be part of a company of over 12,000 associates whose creativity and energy provide the industry's best service and make Huntsman a globally recognized leader. At the end of the day, we are not about chemistry as much as we are about people working together to create an everimproving company. We are deeply appreciative of your investment and support. We finished 2013 having created significant stock market value and strong earnings. As I look to the coming years, I can't think of another time in our company's history when we had more opportunity than we do today. Thank you again for your support.

Peter r. Huntsman
President and Chief executive Officer February 27, 2014

Huntsman COrPOratiOn 1

Special Note to StockholDerS
I am honored to serve Huntsman Corporation in the capacity of Executive Chairman. I founded this company 44 years ago, starting with a single manufacturing site and expanding it through a strategic growth plan into the world-class chemical business it is today, with assets of $9 billion, revenues of $11 billion, more than 12,000 associates and a global footprint that is the envy of the industry. Our company achieved impressive earnings this past year, reflecting our ongoing commitment to maximize product quality. The majority of Huntsman Corporation's earnings came from divisions of our business that are inherently less volatile and have higher underlying growth characteristics. Indicative of our confidence in the strong earnings profile of the business, the board authorized a 25 percent increase in the quarterly dividend rate in 2013. As the largest shareholder of the company, my economic interests are uniquely aligned with yours. This past year, including dividends received, the value of our investment in Huntsman Corporation increased approximately 60 percent. I believe the full value of our company has yet to be realized. Together with an outstanding and hands-on Board of Directors, we will continue to provide prudent oversight of opportunities to enhance long-term shareholder value. For example, our agreement to acquire the Rockwood Holdings, Inc. business segments will augment the value of our portfolio and open the door to a range of future opportunities. The Board of Directors joins me in placing full trust and confidence in our CEO, Peter Huntsman. He is recognized globally as one of the most capable leaders in our industry. Thank you for your investment, and be assured that we will strive to enhance shareholder value and safety as our highest priorities.

JOn m. Huntsman
executive Chairman and Founder February 27, 2014

2 Huntsman COrPOratiOn

