stockholdeR messaGe

Dear Fellow Stockholders
2006 was a remarkable year for Huntsman Corporation, one which I would describe as a year of "transformation," as much of our corporate activity was focused on creating a truly global differentiated company. During the past few years, our industry and the global economy in general, has evolved more rapidly than at any time in our industry's history. Products and geographic locations that we built our company around have radically changed as we have seen China, India, Russia, South America and other economy blocks emerge. Middle East capacity for commodity products that once were our foundation, will soon overtake the North American and European markets. This Middle East capacity will have greater scale and vastly lower production economics. While some may see a world of economic chaos, we see a global economy of boundless opportunity. Under the direction of our Board of Directors, we are moving quickly as a management team to capitalize on these global changes, and have acted boldly and decisively to put this company in a position to thrive and prosper in a changing global economy. By the end of 2006, we were well on our way to building one of the largest and geographically diverse differentiated companies in our industry. By the end of 2007, nearly 75% of our associates will be employed outside North America, more than 60% of our sales will be international and, we expect that all of our differentiated divisions will be growing faster than the global rate of GDP. At the same time, we have been able to continue to reduce the amount of debt on our balance sheet and have made a number of strategic investments that have positioned our company to take advantage of future growth opportunities in the rapidly evolving global marketplace.

Financial Review
In 2006, the total of revenues from continuing and discontinued operations, increased by 1% to a record $13.1 billion, with increases being recorded in 2006 in each of our differentiated divisions. Adjusted EBITDA in 2006 was $1.2 billion, which was down about 14% compared to 2005 as profit margins softened in several of our product lines from the levels experienced in 2005. Approximately half of this decline took place in our commodity divisions that we have either sold or have a sale pending. As a result, adjusted diluted income per share from continuing and discontinued operations was $1.81 as compared to $2.04 in 2005.

Transformation
In June 2006, we expanded the size and scope of our differentiated portfolio by acquiring the global Textile

PG. 2 stockholdeR messaGe

Huntsman Corporation

Effects business of Ciba Specialty Chemicals Inc. This business has approximately $1 billion in annual revenues, 11 production facilities in 7 countries and approximately 4,300 employees, and we have been extremely pleased with the exciting technology acquired with this business. We have initiated a $150 million restructuring program to align our Textile Effects products and services with those of our customers, particularly as we enhance our presence in Asia and merge certain functions to common service platforms. We expect the results of this program will improve the cost structure of this business unit by over $80 million annually as compared to 2006. In February 2006, we announced our intent to separate our Base Chemicals and Polymers assets from our portfolio of differentiated businesses. Following the completion of the sale of our U.S. Base Chemicals and Polymers business, together with our recent divestiture of our European commodities business to SABIC and the sale of certain U.S. MTBE and butadiene assets to Texas Petrochemicals, our differentiated and inorganic businesses will comprise nearly 100% of our portfolio. In addition, by completion we will have generated in excess of $1.8 billion in value from the sale of these businesses, which has allowed us to dramatically improve our balance sheet. These transactions represent the fulfillment of management's commitment to take aggressive action in an effort to create additional stockholder value. I expect our differentiated businesses to grow at rates well in excess of GDP growth and we expect to achieve an EBITDA-to-sales ratio of 15% over the course of the next several years. Following the sale of our U.S. Base Chemicals and Polymers business we will be a strong, vibrant differentiated chemical company with nearly 20,000 different products and formulations sold around the world. Going forward, we will be

less dependant on volatile crude oil-based raw materials and more leveraged to products where we can capitalize on our technology, global marketing and low cost of manufacturing. We expect this to result in a more stable, and growing, earnings profile.

Major Initiatives
We have announced the following business initiatives: polyurethanes · During 2006, we completed the construction of our world-scale MDI facility in Caojing, China, which will enable us to meet the growing demand for this valuable product within this vital market. In addition, together with our partners we are considering the construction of a second world-scale MDI facility in China, startup is expected in the 2010­2011 time frame. · Formation of a new Russia-based joint venture with NMG to manufacture and sell polyurethane systems in Russia and other areas in the former Soviet Union. materials and effects · $150 million, three year, plan to restructure and integrate the Advanced Materials and Textile Effects businesses. This restructuring program is expected to improve our profitability in Textile Effects by over $80 million as compared to 2006. performance products · Construction of a world-scale polyetheramine manufacturing facility in Singapore, expected to be operational mid-2007. · Construction of a new maleic anhydride manufacturing facility in Geismar, Louisiana, expected to be complete in the fourth quarter of 2008. · Memorandum of understanding with the Al-Zamil Group to build a world-scale ethyleneamines manufacturing facility in Saudi Arabia, expected to be operational in 2008.

PG. 3 stockholdeR messaGe

Huntsman Corporation

pigments · Expansion to add 50,000 metric tons at our flagship titanium dioxide manufacturing facility in Greatham, U.K. We expect this investment will improve our cost structure by approximately $40 million.

As a company, we will continue our commitment to be a responsible organization. The Huntsman Cancer Institute and Hospitals are now among the largest and most modern cancer facilities in the world thanks in part to the Jon and Karen Huntsman Foundation, many of our wonderful associates and thousands of concerned citizens throughout the world. During the past two years, four additional Huntsman Cancer Hospitals have been constructed and four new Huntsman Clinics have been opened in Wyoming, Montana and Idaho. The Huntsman Cancer Institute and Hospitals are now able to serve thousands of patients through well-trained oncologists using the latest and most modern technology. We are also proud of our involvements with Aids Clinics in Africa, schools in Latin America and support of charities in locations where we manufacture our products. Our investment in technology not only provides a means of growth in future applications but we are also producing better chemistry that will replace older formulations. We continue to increase our capacity of products that use non crude oil based raw materials, while also decreasing our energy consumption and CO2 emissions. We are very optimistic about the future and the direction of the business. I believe we have put in place an excellent platform for growth that will be fueled by ongoing innovation and creativity. We will continue to take full advantage of a world of opportunity.

Capital Structure
We will continue to be opportunistic with our capital structure and optimize its composition and cost. During 2006, we took advantage of the strong conditions in the bond and institutional loan markets by refinancing approximately $800 million of debt. During 2006, our interest expense decreased to $350.7 million from $426.6 million in 2005. This occurred during a period of increasing interest rates in general. Interest expense in 2006 was 43% lower as compared to our pre-IPO interest expense of $612.6 million in 2004. The sound financial management of our balance sheet has enabled our Board of Directors to recently approve Huntsman's first quarterly cash common stock dividend in March 2007 of $0.10 per share. I believe the timing and size of this dividend is appropriate considering the strength of our balance sheet and the stability and growth in earnings and cash flow we are expecting from our differentiated portfolio.

Outlook
As I look forward into 2007, I expect that we will continue to experience many very positive trends across our businesses and the markets that we serve. Raw material and energy prices have declined, while at the same time, demand and selling prices for many of our products continue to improve. We anticipate that the earnings in each of our three differentiated divisions will be higher in 2007. The higher earnings in the differentiated divisions, together with substantially lower interest expense, will have a positive impact on our bottom line in 2008.

Peter R. Huntsman
president, chief executive officer

PG. 4 stockholdeR messaGe

Huntsman Corporation

FRom the chaiRman

Special Note to Stockholders
It has now been 46 years since I first entered the plastics and petrochemical business. Clearly, it was during the early days of our industry. Throughout almost a halfcentury, it has been a great honor to be associated with many talented and capable people. However, our Board of Directors and our management team in place today are the most professional and dedicated people I have ever known. Their combined interests are totally focused on enhancing stockholder value while maintaining quality and integrity with our associates and customers. The well-planned transformation that Huntsman Corporation has undergone recently with the divestiture of its butadiene and MTBE business, the sale of the European petrochemical business and the announcement of an agreement to sell the U.S. Base Chemicals and Polymers business, coupled with the acquisition of Ciba's Textile Effects business, is truly remarkable. This transition completed a commitment made to stockholders nearly one year ago. Upon the sale of the U.S. Base Chemicals and Polymers business, Huntsman will emerge with over Jon M. Huntsman
chairman and Founder

50% less debt than two years ago. This, together with a portfolio of truly global businesses and much less dependence on energy costs, will result in more stable growth in earnings and a substantially increased positive cash flow profile. This move better positions stockholders to receive a favorable return on their investment, together with expanding our base of potential investors. The strategic focus going forward is to enhance stockholder value through growth and innovation. The Board was pleased to recently approve the company's first quarterly common stock cash dividend, return some value to the stockholders and expand our base of investors. On behalf of our very experienced Board and our talented management team, may I express our grateful appreciation to each stockholder.

PG. 5 stockholdeR messaGe

Huntsman Corporation

