LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

3

DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,

Welcome to Huntsman Corporation. I am honored to represent a company with such a great history and dynamic future. Our recentlycompleted IPO was a major step for the Company, an accomplishment I am confident will present us with many ongoing and exciting opportunities to create value for all Huntsman Corporation stockholders.
This first-ever Huntsman Corporation Annual Report will give you a brief update of where we are and a good idea of our vision for the future. 2004 was a record year for Huntsman, as both revenues and earnings improved dramatically as compared to 2003. Our strong results have continued into the first half of 2005 and were achieved despite higher and more volatile energy and feedstock costs. Since we have prepared this Annual Report well into 2005, I shall focus my comments on the Company’s performance in both 2004 and the last twelve months ended June 30, 2005. FINANCIAL IMPROVEMENT In 2004 and the ﬁrst half of 2005, we accomplished the following: We actively managed historically high and volatile feedstock and energy costs with timely increases in our selling prices. In 2004, our revenues grew 24.3% as compared to 2003. Also, revenues for the twelve month period ended June 30, 2005 were 11.5% higher than 2004.

4

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

Revenues
($ in billions)
$15

Additionally, since December 2004, we have reduced our debt by an additional $400 million using free cash ﬂow. As a result, our net debt has decreased by $1.6 billion from $6.0 billion at December 31, 2004 to $4.4 billion at June 30,

10

2005. This is consistent with our top ﬁnancial priority which is to continue to reduce our indebtedness, with a goal of achieving an additional $1.6 billion reduction by the end of 2007.

5

0 2003(1) 2004 2005(2)

During 2004 and 2005 we have been able to take advantage of our improved proﬁtability and strong conditions in the debt capital markets to reﬁnance much of our remaining indebtedness at extremely attractive interest rates. Also, with the merger of two of our primary operating subsidiaries in August, we have simpliﬁed our ﬁnancial reporting structure. GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES We derived 52% of our revenues from our differentiated businesses, while 48% was from commodity businesses; however approximately 60% of our Adjusted EBITDA was generated by differentiated businesses. We have positioned ourselves for future growth by continuing to selectively invest in our differentiated businesses. We recently announced, for example, a 40% expansion of our maleic anhydride production capacity and a 25% expansion of our global MDI production capacity. In addition, we are rapidly nearing completion of the new MDI facility in Caojing, China that we will jointly own, enabling us to participate in the rapidly growing Chinese market. We have begun construction on our new LDPE facility in Wilton, U.K. We believe that the cost position of this facility provides us an attractive investment opportunity and will allow us to leverage our extensive petrochemical infrastructure and logistics at Wilton.

(1) Pro forma as if Huntsman had acquired the remaining interest in Huntsman International Holdings LLC as of January 1, 2003 and its interest in Huntsman Advanced Materials LLC as of January 1, 2003. (2) Twelve Months Ended June 30.

Our gross proﬁt expanded by 40.5% in 2004 as compared to 2003 and 34.5% during the twelve month period ended June 30, 2005 relative to 2004 as margins expanded due to improved demand and higher capacity utilization for many of our products. Stronger results have also been driven, in large part, by the execution of Project Coronado, our initiative to eliminate $200 million annual ﬁxed costs relative to 2002. We hope to have fully implemented Project Coronado by the end of 2005. Our Adjusted EBITDA reached record levels and grew by 57.1% in 2004 as compared to 2003 to $1,247.5 million and by 32.6% to $1,654.7 million during the twelve month period ended June 30, 2005 relative to 2004. In February of this year we completed a very successful initial public offering of common and preferred stock. Net proceeds to the Company were approximately $1.5 billion, substantially all of which was used to reduce our debt.

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

5

R ESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY
Huntsman beneﬁts from signiﬁcant vertical product integration. We enjoy the advantage of many proprietary manufacturing technologies and can boast of arguably one of the chemical industry’s ﬁnest research and development facilities—an extensive new campus in The Woodlands, Texas—that complements the work of hundreds of other Huntsman research and development professionals throughout Europe and Asia. Our technologies enable us to provide products that satisfy ever higher environmental standards while continuing to meet customer needs. We hold more than 700 U.S. patents and enjoy worldwide recognition for our major contributions to the global chemical industry. We maintain close working relationships with our broad customer base, capitalizing on our proven ability—and willingness—to use our extensive research and technology capabilities to help our customers create new and ever more advanced products. Much of the focus of Huntsman research and technology has been on developing formulations that allow companies to expand their use of chemical products. Examples include: Non-toxic, biodegradable solvents Phosphate-free detergent formulations for use in low-energy washing machines Solvent-free herbicides Lightweight automobile parts Other examples include the development of improved energy efﬁcient polyurethane insulation systems that cut energy consumption and the production of fuel additives that reduce vehicle exhaust emissions while maintaining high-octane performance.

We also are sensitive to the need for energy conservation and are focused on being part of the solution by developing applications for alternative power sources, and manufacturing lighter weight materials that do not compromise safety. FEEDSTOCK /ENERGY COSTS We continue to see unprecedented high and volatile energy costs. Much of the increase in North America is caused by futures market speculators who continue to enrich themselves at the expense of consumers. Demand for natural gas in the United States continues to decrease as more and more industry closes and moves offshore. Huntsman is actively promoting national legislation that would restore sanity to natural gas futures trading. In the meantime, we are working closely with our customers to increase our prices and assist them in passing these increases on to their customer base. LEADERSHIP We pride ourselves on our management team’s depth and breadth of experience. Our phenomenal growth through more than 30 acquisitions has allowed us to attract the diverse talent, management skills and vision of some of the chemical industry’s best and brightest professionals. We are committed to sound principles of corporate governance. We have added new members to our Board of Directors, who have rich and diverse business backgrounds that will allow them to provide the Company with the highest degree of proﬁcient oversight and direction. The majority of Huntsman’s Board of Directors are independent.

6

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

Over the course of the last year we have dedicated tremendous resources to documenting and improving our internal controls and procedures. I am pleased with our progress. We shall continue to make further improvements in this area. CARING FOR OUR COMMUNITIES Huntsman is dedicated to the highest standards of environment, health and safety (EH&S) performance. The safety of our associates, the contractors who work on our sites and the communities in which our plants are located is of the utmost importance. We view our stewardship to protect the environment as second only to safety, and are unwavering in our insistence that our plant personnel operate our facilities in full compliance with all environmental laws and regulations. We work to ensure that each of our employees is dedicated to striving for continuous EH&S improvement toward the goal of no harm to people or to the environment. We believe we have a duty to give back to society and to help those who are less fortunate. To that end, we sponsor and participate in initiatives to feed the hungry, house the homeless and fund health care and educational projects around the world.

CONCLUSION We believe the chemical industry will continue to play a pivotal role on the world economic stage. And Huntsman is committed—through aggressively paying down debt, implementing ever greater operational efﬁciencies and selectively investing in our differentiated businesses—to enhancing our competitive position and increasing shareholder value. As we sit today in the second half of 2005, energy and feedstocks are at record levels and the North American chemicals industry has just experienced unprecedented natural disasters. The impact of both of these factors on the remainder of 2005 and 2006 remains uncertain. However, if economic growth in the U.S., Europe and Asia remains stable, we believe that supply/demand conditions for many of our products will continue to improve, which will likely provide opportunity to expand our proﬁt margins in 2006. Sincerely,

Peter R. Huntsman
President and Chief Executive Officer

SPECIAL NOTE TO STOCKHOLDERS

7

SPECIAL NOTE TO STOCKHOLDERS

When we founded Huntsman Container Corporation (our predecessor company) in 1970, we had no idea that it would evolve into what has become one of the world’s largest chemical companies. It has been a joy to be part of this exciting and unique experience the past 35 years.
Few if any companies in the industrial world have enjoyed our growth, safety and environmental record, and remarkable diversification the world over. Today, we produce thousands of products that are applied to the creation of countless end uses. Virtually everything we see, use, feel or wear, whether in our homes, our automobiles or our businesses involves a Huntsman product. Our management team is the finest in the chemical industry. It is comprised of highly experienced professionals led by CEO, Peter Huntsman. Our Board of Directors represents the most outstanding veteran leaders from business, finance, governmental and humanitarian backgrounds. Jon M. Huntsman
Chairman and Founder

They represent the stockholders extremely well in building and shaping the strategic future of Huntsman Corporation. Globally, there is no other chemical business that can match our growth, diversity of products, leadership and ﬁrm determination to return strong shareholder value. It is a great personal honor to be a vital part of this exciting experience.

