DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,

Huntsman Corporation enjoyed a tremendous 2005, highlighted by a very successful initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange in February, significant strengthening of our balance sheet, and record levels of revenues and profitability. We achieved all of this in spite of continued high and extremely volatile energy and feedstock costs and two of the worst hurricanes in U.S. history.
Financial Review

We dealt effectively with record high feedstock and energy costs mainly by concerted efforts to increase our selling prices. In 2005, our revenues were a record $13 billion which represents an increase of 13% as compared to 2004. Average selling prices increased across all of our segments. Our gross profit expanded by 27% in 2005 compared to 2004 as margins continued to expand primarily due to improved demand and higher capacity utilization for many of our products. Stronger results were also driven by the execution of Project Coronado--our initiative to reduce our annual fixed costs by $200 million relative to 2002 levels. We exited 2005 on a run-rate of $225 million in savings, well in excess of our goal. We generated record Adjusted EBITDA of $1,445 million in 2005, a 16% increase as compared to 2004. Adjusting to exclude the estimated direct impact of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, which we estimate at $167 million, Adjusted EBITDA was higher in each of our six business segments. In particular, our Polyurethanes segment had a superb year with Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $734 million compared to $409 million in 2004, driven by higher average selling prices for MDI. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $2.02 per diluted share in 2005 as compared to pre IPO earnings of $0.16 per diluted share in 2004.
Balance Sheet Positioning

In February of last year we completed a very successful initial public offering of common and preferred stock. Net proceeds to us were approximately $1.5 billion, substantially all of which we used to reduce our debt. We remain focused on strengthening our balance sheet through voluntary debt reduction. Since December 2004, we have used free cash f low to reduce our debt by approximately $550 million. As a result of these efforts our net debt as of December 31, 2005 was approximately $4.3 billion as compared to $6.0 billion at December 31, 2004. As we have previously indicated, our goal is to reduce indebtedness by a total of $2.0 billion by 2007. We are committed to this objective. During 2005 we completed a series of transactions designed to simplify and streamline our legal, financial and borrowing structure. In August 2005, we merged our Huntsman International LLC and Huntsman LLC subsidiaries into one company and refinanced certain of our bank debt. In December 2005, we merged our Huntsman International LLC and Huntsman Advanced Materials LLC subsidiaries and acquired the minority interests of Advanced Materials LLC which we did not already own. We believe these mergers significantly simplify our legal, financing and reporting structures and have resulted in a reduction in the number of our SEC filing entities from five to two.

2.

Peter R. Huntsman President, Chief Executive Officer ; Jon M. Huntsman Founder and Chairman

Expand Differentiated Segments

We remain committed to selectively investing in our portfolio of differentiated businesses, and recently entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the global Textile Effects business of Ciba Specialty Chemicals Inc. We are excited about the technology within this business which will extend our formulation business further downstream and closer to the customer. The acquisition also will enhance our presence in Asia, which currently accounts for approximately 1/3 of Textile Effects revenues. We look forward to enhancing our business relations through working with tens of thousands of new customers. In addition to the acquisition of the Textile Effects business, we are on time and on budget with construction of our MDI facility in Caojing, China which will be complete in the middle of 2006. A world class facility in such a vital market will enable us to meet the growing demand for this valuable product. During 2005 we announced the following expansions within our differentiated portfolio:
<

Construction of a world-scale polyetheramine manufacturing facility in Jurong Island, Singapore which we expect to be operational in the first quarter of 2007. Construction of a new maleic anhydride manufacturing facility in Geismar, Louisiana, expected to be on line as early as the third quarter of 2008. A memorandum of understanding with the Al-Zamil Group of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia to form a joint venture to build a world-scale ethyleneamines manufacturing facility in Jubail Industrial City, Saudi Arabia, expected to be on line in 2008.

<

<

3.

Strategic Direction

Late last year we received an unsolicited proposal from a party who expressed an interest in acquiring the Company. We spent a great deal of time working with this party and others developing and evaluating their proposals. After careful review, our Board of Directors and its Special Committee concluded none of these proposals were in the best interests of our stockholders and we terminated these discussions. We also announced that we are pursuing other opportunities to increase shareholder value, which may include the sale of certain of our Base Chemicals and Polymers assets and/or a spin-off of these segments into a separate company. To this end, we have announced that we intend to sell the assets which comprise our U.S. butadiene and MTBE facility so that we may focus more of our attention and resources on our differentiated businesses. We believe that the separation of our commodity businesses from our differentiated businesses groups will enhance shareholder value by creating two world class chemical companies--each free to independently pursue its own unique business strategy and attract its own distinct investor base.
Outlook

We are optimistic about our outlook for 2006. Demand in our differentiated businesses remains strong, raw material and energy prices have recently declined and capacity additions in most of our commodity businesses appear to be limited over the next several years. In the U.S. and Europe, many of our product lines will continue to see better than GDP growth. We see tremendous opportunity to create further shareholder value by capitalizing on our expansion and acquisition opportunities around the world. Over the next two years, we expect to grow by more than $1 billion of sales in China and throughout Southeast Asia. Sales and growth opportunities continue in India, particularly in our Polyurethanes and Advance Materials segments. We also are in a unique position to capitalize on the realities of higher global energy costs and consumer demands for greater environmental responsibility by continuing to develop new technologies and applications. We will continue to execute our strategy of debt reduction, improving operational efficiencies, expanding our differentiated segments, and maximizing the cash f low from our commodity segments in order to improve our competitive position and increase shareholder value.

Peter R. Huntsman President, Chief Executive Officer

4.

SPECIAL NOTE TO STOCKHOLDERS

Since entering the plastics, petrochemicals and chemical industries over forty years ago, I have seen it all. The latter half of 2005 was a challenging period for Huntsman. I hope our Company never again will have two major hurricanes hit us head on, which in turn created the highest priced natural gas and the highest cost of oil in the history of America. Let me share with you our vision going forward. The announcement of the expansion of our differentiated portfolio through the purchase of CIBA's Textile Effects business, in addition to the announcement of the divestiture of one of our major commodity units--the butadiene and MTBE facility--marks an important transformation for our company. Moreover, this transformation will continue through the pursuit of the spin-off of our entire commodity petrochemical business into a separate and distinct company. Thus, after its completion, Huntsman would be comprised of two public companies--a major differentiated chemical company and a significant stand-alone commodity chemical company. With these changes and others underway, we are building businesses that are more global, less energy-dependent, and more technologically advanced than ever before. We will achieve this while at the same time paying down debt and increasing equity value. Our principal mission, as we accomplish these goals, is to continue building the world's largest, most prof itable and most competitive differentiated chemical business. All of us at Huntsman are very excited about the future. It should clearly be a major factor in enhancing shareholder value. We remain committed to sound principles of corporate governance. During 2005 we added to our Board of Directors new members who have rich and diverse backgrounds. Their oversight and direction have been and will continue to be invaluable as we proceed with significant changes in the strategic direction of the Company.

Jon M. Huntsman Chairman and Founder

5.

