A Letter to Our Stockholders

Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Despite the prevailing headwind of economic uncertainties we Net Debt faced Revenues this past year, 2009 was a very goodAdjusted year for EBITDA Huntsman (dollars in millions) (dollars in billions) (dollars in millions) Corporation. Specifically, our earnings improved and our balance sheet strengthened. $1,000 $3,500 $12  While we experienced a decrease in underlying demand 3,000 for many 10 of our products as a result of the worldwide economic 800 recession, we acted quickly and put in place a plan to control our 2,500 8 temporarily idled and permanently closed less efficient costs; we 2,000 capacity and reduced our workforce by nearly600 10%. These actions 6 to save over $150 million in costs. combined 1,500 400  We also aggressively managed our working capital invest4 1,000 ment, reducing inventories by approximately 20%. These efforts 200 improvements. generated nearly $500 million in working capital 2 500  In 2009, we completed successful settlement negotiations 0 dispute of their 0 0 with Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank over the '07 '08 '08 '09 '07 '08 roles in the '07 failed merger with Hexion Specialty Chemicals, Inc. '09 Through this settlement, along with a 2008 settlement with Apollo Management, L.P., we collected over $2.7 billion in cash and other settlement payments. With these time consuming and expensive legal battles behind us, we have been focused on managing our business.  We substantially reduced our net debt position, focusing our Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions Employee & Contractor Injuries & Illnesses debt prepayments on loans with the highest interest rates and Total GHG Emissions OSHA Recordable Rate
(million metric tons CO2e) Chemical Industry Average 2008=2.7

Revenues

(dollars in billions)

12000

10000

8000

6000

4000

2000

0

'09

Total Gree
10

10

1.2 1.0 0.8

2.

Huntsman Corpora 8t i o n

8

nearest maturities. Our net debt position decreased approx imately $800 million in 2009. In fact, our net debt position decreased more than 50% since 2004. At the end of 2009 we had approximately $2.5 billion of liquidity on hand which is more than adequate to provide future operating flexibility and strategic growth for our company.  Despite turmoil in market demand resulting from the economic downturn, we were able to maintain constant contribution margins on a per unit basis during 2009. This is a critical metric for us as we consider the underlying health of our business. With the new capacity we have added in recent years, I believe that when demand returns to pre-recession levels, we will return to normalized earnings in excess of $1 billion per year.

Our prof itable results in 2009 clearly demonstrate that our business model works. Looking for ward, I expect our current business portfolio to grow at a rate in excess of global GDP growth.
 The decisions over the past several years to exit our commodities businesses have proven very beneficial during these volatile economic conditions. Our business is less dependent on fluctuating crude-oil based raw materials and more leveraged to products where we can capitalize on our technological innovations, global marketing and low cost of manufacturing.   We continue to expand our business internationally. In the last decade we have grown our business in the vital Asia Pacific region from less than 5% to over 20%. With balanced revenue exposure in North America and Europe--each of which represent approximately one third of our business--we have an attractive footprint that makes us an essential chemical provider to industries around the globe.  Much of our recent emphasis on future growth has been strategically focused on internal opportunities. We have completed a number of multi-year investments in manufacturing efficiency and capacity, including: expansion of our low cost titanium dioxide manufacturing facility in Greatham, UK; construction of a new maleic anhydride facility in Geismar, Louisiana; and construction of a new ethyleneamines facility in Jubail, Saudi Arabia with our joint venture partner the Zamil Group. We have also concentrated a large amount of time and energy in the development of products. We have a number of innovative products in our pipeline that I believe will provide long term benefits. In 2009 alone we were granted over 300 patents to protect our most recent innovations.  I believe that now more than ever, Huntsman is in a unique position to provide solutions to many of the energy and environmental concerns in the global markets. Our products will help construct the next generation of aerospace technology, more efficient wind generated power and better energy saving building materials. Huntsman's technology will replace oil based raw materials and provide solutions to both save and clean water resources, especially in developing markets.  Over the past four quarters, we have increased our earnings as demand for our products and the end markets that we serve continue to improve. We exited 2009 a much stronger company than a year earlier. Our balance sheet is stronger, our geographic exposure is more balanced, our product pipeline is more robust, and our cost structure is more competitive.  We have successfully met the challenges of 2009 and are now well positioned for future growth that will increase long term stockholder value. March 15, 2010

Peter R. Huntsman
President, Chief Executive Officer

Huntsman Corporation

3.

Special Note to Stockholders
The year 2010 marks a significant milestone in our business. In 1970, I risked ever y thing I owned to begin a small polyst yrene container manufacturing co mp any in S o ut h ern Califo rnia. T his f l e dgling comp any, known as Huntsman Container Corp o ration, began its continuous pursuit of excellence in manufacturing. The evolution of this for t y - ye ar journey is now known as Huntsman Corp oration-- one of the largest and most prominent chemical manufacturing comp anies in the world.
We truly are a diversified global company. More than two-thirds of our 2009 revenues were generated outside of North America, while more than 80% of our associates live and work outside of the United States. With almost a quarter of our worldwide revenues now originating from Asia, our company will continue to make

Jon M. Huntsman
Executive Chairman and Founder

strategic decisions that will insure remarkable and steady growth globally. In 2009, we successfully maintained a strong liquidity position through careful management of our resources and successful settlements of legal disputes from a failed merger. We also reduced net debt by nearly 25% from the prior year and were able to continue our regular quarterly cash dividend to stockholders. We are pleased that our dividend payment has never been reduced since its inception. I continue to be impressed with the strategic oversight of our Board of Directors. Collectively, they represent an extraordinary breadth of professional knowledge and life experience. I am also proud and respectful of our energetic and talented management team, each of whom possesses many years of professional experience within the chemical industry. Peter Huntsman is a most accomplished and gifted CEO. Notwithstanding major economic headwinds, our business prospered in virtually every area. Our future has never looked more promising, and our corporate enthusiasm has never been greater. I am confident we will continue to experience improved financial performance and enhanced stockholder value as we aggressively execute our strategic vision in 2010 and beyond. March 15, 2010

4.

Huntsman Corporation

