STOCKHOLDER MESSAGE

2010 was a tremendous year for Huntsman Corporation, highlighted by a meaningful improvement in our earnings. In summary, revenues grew, margins expanded and our adjusted net income improved by over $500 million.
As the global economy has improved, so has demand for many of our products. During the last six months of 2010, our sales volumes returned to pre-recession levels, as our company recovered from one of the worst economic recessions in generations. While our volume has recovered, our sales profile is noticeably different. Investments we have made over the past 5 years to build our international sales have given us a unique opportunity in rapidly growing markets such as China and India. We continue to grow in Latin America at or above double digit rates. Our expanding markets in Eastern Europe and Russia are growing faster than many of our traditional Western European markets. Our recent expansions in multiple countries within the Asian market are sold out. As we look to 2011, we will continue to strengthen our international presence. Our largest division, Polyurethanes, will relocate its global headquarters from The Woodlands, Equally as important as the recovery of our sales volumes is the restoration of our margins. Despite the added challenges of opening new markets and competing against local competitors, we have expanded our average contribution margin per unit across our company to levels higher than we saw before the recession. Today, Huntsman has a wider dispersion of sales around the world than ever before, allowing us to capitalize on changing trends and markets.

2

Texas to Hong Kong. Our Textile Effects division moved this past year from Switzerland to Singapore. These relocations will allow us to capitalize on even greater opportunities as we are one of the most geographically diverse companies in our industry. Improved operating conditions in 2010 allowed us to take advantage of attractive debt markets. We refinanced approximately $900 million of our bonds and debt, extending the maturities by almost 7 years. Our weighted average borrowing cost of approximately 5% is very low and provides attractive financial leverage considering we have more than $1.3 billion in cash and available borrowing as a liquidity offset. In early 2010, we used some of our cash to repurchase all of our outstanding convertible notes for $382 million, avoiding the future dilution of approximately 32 million shares.

to bring to the market at a more opportune time. Huntsman polyurethane insulation will be making homes and buildings more energy efficient. Our solar reflective pigments will make building materials brighter and require less energy to cool. Our epoxy resins and materials are being used in the next generation of passenger aerospace technology that will require less fuel. Huntsman technology and products will be used to make consumer goods from natural alcohols and non-oil based raw materials. Our products will also be used world-wide to process cotton and other textile raw materials in ways that will greatly reduce water consumption and the energy required in present technologies. More than ever before, our company will be providing solutions for many of the concerns in the world today and in the future. In November 2010, we announced our expect-

In 2010, we successfully started new operations or expanded manufacturing capabilities of existing facilities in the following areas: Geismar, Louisiana; Jubail, Saudi Arabia; Jurong Island, Singapore; Huelva, Spain; Mahachai, Thailand; Baroda, India and Port Neches, Texas. In 2011, we will spend approximately $350 million around the world both increasing and improving capacity. It is our objective to produce more products safer and cleaner than ever before. As we look to 2011, we see a global marketplace that will continue to grow and evolve. Energy prices appear to be moving higher, water resources will become more precious and environmental stewardship will be expected and rewarded. I cannot think of a time when we have had more products

ation to achieve adjusted EBITDA of $1.3 billion within the next two to three years. Given current improving global economic trends, I continue to be confident that we can achieve these earnings. With new capacity coming on in many of our product lines, strengthening polyurethanes and TiO2 markets, a continued recovery in Europe and North America and continued strong growth in Asia, I feel we are poised to deliver even greater value to you, the stockholders.

PETER R. HuNTSMAN
President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2011

3

SPECIAL NOTE TO STOCKHOLDERS

We are pleased with Huntsman Corporation's improved earnings and steady growth, as reflected in this 2010 Annual Report. Huntsman's experienced board members, the consistent dedication of a cadre of talented associates, and our dynamic corporate leader, Peter Huntsman, have combined to create an unbeatable force which has propelled us forward through some major challenges in recent years. I am extremely proud of the solid effort contributed by everyone involved.

Board. I am pleased that our Board consists of professionals from backgrounds ranging from industry, academia and humanitarian service who have earned prominence in their respective fields. Our newest members--Sir Robert Margetts, Dr. Patrick T. Harker and M. Anthony Burns--joined our Board in 2010. Each is held in high esteem and possesses excellent credentials which ideally round out the Board's breadth of expertise. On behalf of our Board of Directors and

With over $1.3 billion in liquidity, our financial condition is strong and improves with each passing day. We shall continue to work strategically and efficiently to realize both improved profitability and cash flow generation. We anticipate that we are well positioned to continue to pay dividends while further deleveraging the balance sheet. Among the most crucial participants in Huntsman Corporation's growth are our investors, and it is important to us that they have confidence in the individuals who serve on our

Huntsman associates, I extend my personal gratitude and appreciation to each of our stockholders. There are risks, challenges, and opportunities ahead, and we pledge to continue to act carefully and decisively toward strengthening the value of your investment.

JON M. HuNTSMAN
Executive Chairman and Founder March 1, 2011

4

