PETER R. R. HU HUNTSMAN:

A LE LET TER TO OUR ST STOCKHOLDERS
We have spent considerable capital investing in safety measures, environmental performance and the long-term growth of our company. In total, we spent $564 million on capital expenditures in 2014, net of reimbursements. We expect these investments will lead to more than $300 million of increased EBITDA over the next several years. Importantly, we continue to focus on safety improvements for our employees and improve our environmental footprint. Our safety and environmental Dear Fellow Stockholder, 2014 ended a very strong year for our company. Our differentiated businesses, which include our MDI urethanes, Performance Products, Advanced Materials and Textile Effects, collectively increased their adjusted EBITDA by more than $200 million. Our full year adjusted earnings per share grew 20% compared to the prior year. In October, we successfully completed the acquisition of the Performance Additives and Titanium Dioxide businesses of Rockwood Holdings, Inc. The addition of these businesses broadens our product offering and further enables our ability to build the most competitive and successful pigments and additives business in the world. This acquisition was immediately accretive to our earnings and we have implemented a plan to deliver more than $140 million of synergies. In addition, this acquisition provides further optionality for our Pigments and Additives business. We have made a tremendous effort to control our costs and improve the competitiveness of our businesses this year. In 2014, we completed a number of initiatives across many of our divisions, generating annual savings of nearly $100 million. These initiatives include relocating manufacturing from Europe to countries such as Thailand and China, where many of our customers are expanding. Thank you for your continued support. I believe we are well positioned for success. We recently completed a multi-year planning review with senior leaders of our company. I have never been more excited about our company's future than I am today. We are well on our way to delivering $2 billion of adjusted EBITDA and $700 million of free cash flow. performance is rated among the best in our industry and we continue to pursue further improvement.

PETER R. HUNTSMAN
President and Chief Executive Officer February 25, 2015

2 HUNTSMAN CORPORATION

JON M. M. HU HUNTSMAN:

SPECI ECIA AL NOTE TO STO ST OCKHOLDERS
Peter Huntsman is a gifted CEO and a proven leader in whom the board instills full faith and confidence. Under his leadership, Huntsman's management maintains an unwavering focus on executing our corporate vision, including expansion of key product lines into high growth markets, perfecting cost control measures and making strategic additions to our portfolio of businesses. Our business continues to expand and to thrive. Huntsman's assets now total $11 billion. We employ approximately 16,000 associates around the globe at more than 100 manufacturing and research and development sites in more than 30 countries. Our earnings continue to grow concurrently; Huntsman's adjusted EBITDA increased 10% compared to the prior year. In my capacity as Executive Chairman, I am honored to represent a Board of Directors comprised of members who emerged from diverse backgrounds to positions of prominence in their respective fields. Each has earned a reputation for knowledge and integrity. Huntsman is fortunate to have the benefit of the wealth of experience and prudent judgment they bring to our company's corporate governance. As founder of the business our family established more than four decades ago, I also remain its largest shareholder, so my economic interests are directly aligned with yours. Please know that I am relentlessly committed to pursuing consistent and progressive value creation of our common investment.

JON M. HUNTSMAN
Executive Chairman and Founder February 25, 2015

HUNTSMAN CORPORATION 3

