LETTER TO INVESTORS





















(1) v1s1on
Last year I told you that the question about IBM was no longer one of survival. IBM had been stabilized and strengthened. The important question - the relevant question - was, could IBM grow?
 
By just about any measure, the answer in 1995 was that IBM could indeed grow.
IBM reported record revenues last year, topping
$70 billion for the first time. Our rate of revenue growth - 12 percent over the previous year - was the best in more than a decade.
We doubled our earnings to $6.3 billion, exclud­ ing a one-time charge related to the acquisition of Lotus Development Corp. and two special items taken in the fourth quarter .
Our cash flow was very strong. We ended the year with $7.7 billion in cash - and that's after spending $5.7 billion to repurchase IBM stock and
$2.9 billion to acquire Lotus .
 
One of the best indicators of our progress - and the one that probably  matters  most  to  investors - is market value. Last year IBM's market value grew by $6.9 billion, an increase of 16 percent. Since the summer of 1993, when we announced our restruc­ turing program, through year-end 1995, IBM's mar­ ket value improved nearly $27 billion.
Just as significant, I believe, is that IBM is grow­ ing pretty much across the board, and that our busi­ nesses with the greatest growth potential are the ones that are growing the most:
0		Services grew to become our second-largest source of revenue, up 31 percent over 1994. Today IBM is the world's largest information
 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
International Busi ness Machines Corporation and Subsidiary Companies


(DOLLARS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)	1995	1994
For the year:
Revenue	
$ 71,940	
$ 64,052
Earnings before income taxes	$	7,813	$	5,155
Income taxes	$	3,635	$	2,134
Net earnings	$	4,178	$	3,021
Per share of common stock	$	7.23	$	5.02
Cash dividends paid on common stock	$	572	$	585
Per share of common stock	$	1.00	$	1.00
Investment in plant, rental machines and other property	$	4,744	$	3,078
Average number of common shares outstanding (in millions)	569	585
At end of year : Total assets	

$ 80,292	

$ 81,091
Net investment in plant, rental machines and other property	$ 16,579	$ 16,664
Working capital	$	9,043	$ 12,112
Total debt	$ 21,629	$ 22,118
Stockholders ' equity	$ 22,423	$ 23,413
Number of regular, full-time employees	225,347	219,839
Number of common stockholders	668,931	713,060


 

technology services company, with more than 80,000 people providing consulting, systems integration and solution develop-
 

prior six-year life of the product. We expect con­ tinued robust growth with the recent introduc ­ tion of Notes Release 4, which has many
 


62.7
 


64.1
 
71.9
 
ment services worldwide.
o		Few people know it , but IBM is the world's largest software com­ pany, too . Our acquisition of Lotus helped increase our software rev­ enues 12 percent to $12.6 bill ion .
 
enhanced features for the Internet.
o		We continued to revamp and strengthen our hardware offerings. New products introduced in the past 12 months accounted for nearly half of last year's $35.6 billion in total hardware sales, which grew 10 percent from 1994.
 
We 're already seeing encouraging	0	Our OEM revenue - sales of components and
results from the merger. Since we	technology to other companies - grew 38 per- combined,  the  installed  base of	cent last year to $4.5 billion. That's about three Lotus  Notes has  more than dou-	and a half times greater than 1993 OEM rev - bled. More Notes installations (we	enues. Our microelectronics unit was the biggest call them "seats") were sold in the	driver of this growth, with OEM sales of more last half of 1995 than in the whole	than $2 billion in 1995.
o	Revenues   increased   in   every geographic
93  94  95	REVENUE ($in billions)	area, with  the  most  significant growth  in our
 



Asia Pacific region. Last year the Netherlands and Switzerland became our tenth and eleventh countries to each generate more than  $1 billion in revenue . We_ cont inue to grow rapidly in China , Ind ia, South Africa and other emerging nations . IBM is today the leading computer com­ pany in China.
And, we are making investments that will fuel continued growth:
o		In 1995 we increased our capital spending for the first time since 1991, investing in high­ growth areas such as semiconductor ma nufa c­ turing and services. Last year we invested $4.7 billion, up from $3.1 billion in 1994.
o		We are making select strategic acquisitions, most notably Lotus and, more recently, Tivoli Systems. As opportunities arise to strengthen our ability to serve our custome rs , there will likely be others.
 
0		We are expanding and investing in our most important asset - IBM people . Last year we hired about 15,000 new people, most of them for our sales and services businesses. In fact, our overall workforce grew in 1995. We began implementing an incentive-based compen­
 
LouisV. Gerstner, Jr. CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 


announced a massive restructuring of IBM. We were having serious financial problems. In fact, financially it was the worst year in
 
sation system that pays better rewards to our star performers at all levels of the company. We're taking an intensive look at our overall compensation system to make sure we are pay­ ing at competitive levels . And, we are revving up all -new employee training programs that increase skills and career development.
Just about any way you look at IBM - from per­ formance to potential - we are growing.
So now what? Now that our financial foundation is again st rong, now that we are growing, now that we seem to have some momentum - wha t 's the next mountain?
Which brings me to the V-word .
 
our proud histor y. No one suffered more than our employees , who were stunned. For everyone else - customers , shareholders, suppli ­ ers, analysts - it was red alert.
During the press conference, I said, "The last thing IBM needs right now is a vision ." Almost immediate ly, there was a lot of whooping and hollering in the media about IBM wa nder ing , visionless , through the wilderness. So it's with an enormous sense
 
4.2
ii

(8.1)
 
Almost   three   years  ago -	July  1993	I
 
NET   EARNINGS ($in billions)	93 94 95
 



 
of irony that now, almost three years later, I say this: What IBM needs most right now is a vision .
I don't mean a slogan. I don't mean promises and vaporware (announced products that don't exist now and never will). I don't mean here's-what's­ good-for-IBM-and-therefore-it 's-good-for-you-too.
Here's what I do mean:
We've seen great changes in computing before - from centralized mainframes to decentralized PCs to distributed client/server computing.
We now realize that client/server is not a full­ blown phase of computing. It's the leading edge of what will be the next phase - what we call net­ work-centric computing. I'll admit it's a cumber ­ some name , if not out-and-out dull. (I'd like to come up with something snappier, but I think it's too late.) But what we call it is less important than what it describes: a powerful change that has sweeping implications for individuals and institu­ tions of all kinds.
From a pure technology perspective, the net­ worked world begins with new communications capabilities that allow digital networks to handle rich sources of information: video, high-resolution
images,   voice   and   music.  High
 
technology. After all, the Internet has been around - albeit quietly - for 25 years .
The real catalyst of this new era is a powerful set of emerging customer priorities. Everywhere you look today, businesses and institutions ali ke, you see the need for things like more speed to market, more flexibility and nimbleness, acceler­ ated global expansion, and more customer and supplier integration. People around the world are finding that networks are highly effective tools to meet these priorities, and to communicate across and among enterprises and people.
And because networks can support interactivity and transport rich content , they are redefining things like value, competitiveness and the very nature of commercial transactions. Networks are changing the way we work, receive government services, educate our children and enjoy entertain­ ment . We're already seeing people and organiza­ tions use networks to do real work and get real result s. They ' re moving from surfing to wor king , from browsing to buying. You'll see examples of that throughout this Annual Report .
So this convergence of two powerful forces - customer need and advanced network technology
 
38.3


32.0
 
transmission speed also allows these networks to support interac­ tion - real-time collaboration
between people.
 
- leads IBM to a strategy, or vision, that is simple and clear , and consistent with our company mis ­ sion. IBM will lead the transition to network­
centric computing by:
 
28.2
 
The Inter net, of course, stands	0
as the most prominent living rep­resentation of global  networking. Some estimates say a billion people will have Internet access by the year 2000. Yet, as with previ­
 
Continuing to create the advanced products and technologies needed to make powerful net­ works real; and
Working with our customers to help them fully exploit these networks.
First, customers. Our customers look to IBM to
 
ous market shifts , the driving force of this change is not raw


TOTAL EXPENSES AS A PERCENTAGE
93  94  95	OF REVENUE (after adjustments )
 
provide the skills and expertise that will allow them to use networks in meaningful ways. They are asking for our assistance in extending their assets and brands to reach new markets and cus­ tomers via networks . That 's why services is one of
 




 























Last year, IBM's OEM business - sales of components and technology to other companies - grew 38 percent to $4.5 billion. That's about three and a half times greater than in 1993.

our fastest-growing businesses and  now  our second largest .
Unlike some in our industry, we don't want to displace our customers by inserting ourselves in front of their own customers. Our job is to help our customers leverage their information to their
 
rich portfolio of applications and as much or as lit­ tle computing power and connectivity as they need. They pay for only what they use, sometimes on a usage or transaction basis (most people now call it "per click"). For IBM, this has the added advantage of creating a recurring revenue st ream.
On the technology side of the equat ion, we are moving on many fronts.
We are developing and bringing to market new networking technologies -  Web  ser vers , group ­ wa re , intelligent agents and encryption technolo­ gies for secure electronic tra nsacti ons, to  name just a few.
Our strengthened financial position gives us the flexibil it y to consider acquisitions that will broaden and complement our offerings and world­ wide development teams. Where these make good business sense for both part ies, we move quickl y. Our mergers with Lotus and Tivoli Systems are the two most visible recent examples.
I should add that far more important than the technologies we gain through these moves are the thousands of talented people who bring to IBM fresh perspective and dr ive. They are ver y welcome additions to the IBM family.
 
adva ntage . After all, the most important and valu ­ able content in the world is the intellectual  prop­ erty housed in the information systems of corpora­ tions and instit ut ions . Most of this information resides in IBM databases and is processed by IBM computing systems. We are rapidly adapting our systems and delivering new services that allow cus­ tomers to move their content to networks -  and  do it with the security and reliability  they  have come to expect from IBM.
An increasing number of customers are signing up with the IBM Global Ne twor k, the wor ld 's largest data  network  and  Internet  services provider . We run it as sort of an "information util­
 
Perhaps the greatest product opportunity we see lies in leverag ­ ing IB M's vast existing portfolio - scalable servers, middlewa re , net ­ wor king ,  systems	ma nage ment , microe lect ronics , storage. We 've worked hard to put all our products on the absolute leading edge of technology , to ensure they are cost­ competitive with any offerings in the industr y, support open industry standards and work effectively in distributed computing environ -
 






3.2 3.1
 
4.7
 
ity," giving customers the option of subscribing to a
 
CAPITAL INVESTMENTS ($in bill ions)
 
93 94 95
 



 













Nearly half of 1995's $35.6 billion in hardware revenue was generated by products introduced in the past 12 months .

ments. All of this work and investment  will serve us well as we move into the networked world .
Consider the implications of global networks as they become the locus of commerce and communica­ tions and , over time , of computing itself. Databases expand enormously. Transactions skyrocket. Demand grows rapidly for products that move, manage, store, process, present and protect all of this information.
This is one of the reasons we shipped to cus ­ tomers more mainframe computing power in 1995 than in any year in history. In fact, in the fourth quarter of 1995 alone, we shipped 80 percent more
mainframe computing  power than
in the fourth quarter of 1994.
 
will repel any company's attempt to erect propri­ etary walls. Customers will simply not embrace innovation created to enrich the inventor without enriching the network.
Perhaps IBM's greatest strength as we pursue these opportunities is our experience . Simply put, networ k-centric computing feels right to us. We understand powerful computing, how to solve com­ plex problems , how to work with customers to develop global solutions. We 've been doing this , with great success, for decades .
Of course , in a company of IBM's size and breadth , not every strategic project  and  priority fits neatly under the network-centric computing banner. With vigor and determination , we continue to pursue our OEM, emerging market and con­ sumer strategies .
We continue to invest heavily in research and development. I should note. here that in 1995, IBM was number one in U.S. patents issued for  the third consecutive ye ar. And we beat our own record in receivin g more patents than any com­ pany in any year .
We  continue  to  fine-tune  IBM's  operations  to
improve efficiency and productivity , mostly through  our  reengineering  pro jects  .  Since 1993,
 







7.6
 



9.7
 
12.7
 
So this new model of computing does not displace or replace every­ thing that has existed in previous models . And its success does not depend on some piece of " killer " technology created and controlled by any one company. In fact, the networked  world -    by definition
- must remain open to support seamless access and navigation to people and information. The very market forces that are creating it
 
these projects have reduced cost and expense by more than $7 bill ion.
But for the first time in nearly 30 years, we have an opportunity to align virtually every part of IBM in a single direction . Network-centric computing has emerged as our integrating strategy - the vision guiding our investments, products , services and our people.
0	0	0
Two final thoughts:
First, it's easy to get caught up in the potential and promise of these new tech nologies , and how we see them applied by people and institutions .
 
93 94  95	SERVICES  REVENUE ($inbillions )	Yet, some people are concerned - rightly - that
 



this technology is creating a lot of new issues regarding privacy , security, censorship and uni ­ versal access, and the possibility of a world of haves and have-nots. These are all legitimate con­ cern s, and we must deal with them.
As a leader in creating networks and as a citizen of the world , we at IBM take our responsibilities seriously. We will do everything we can - and work with governments and others - to help ensure that our technology works to the benefit of all people , ever ywhere . If properly ma naged , these technolo­ gies, rather than creating new problems, can solve centur ies -old problems for people and societ ies . The powerful networks we are building can bring the best doctors to the neediest patients. They can bring education to children in remote vill ages . They can bring information and the whole  rest of the world to the oppressed.
0	0	0
F inall y, I want to personally thank the people who brought IBM back from the brink to this new point of opportunity - the employees of IBM, most of whom are shareholders .
You never , never , never quit. Others said IBM was dead, but you rolled up your sleeves , picked up the bricks and rebuilt your compa ny, day by day, product by product , customer by customer . Wherever I was in the IBM world , at night I saw the lights still on in your offi ces . The next mor ning , I saw all the empty pizza boxes.
We're not done yet - because we ' ll never be done. But the fact that we 've come this far this fast is testimony to your grit and to your stubborn deter­ mination to win .
I'm very proud to work alongside you.
Thanky ou.
 
















For the third year in a row, IBM led in the number of U.S. patents issued, and our 1,383 patents were the most ever issued to any company in any year.
 



Louis V. Gerstner, Jr.
C HA IRM A N AND CH I E F E X ECU T I V E OFFICER
