 Dearfellowinvestor,
LAST YEAR I TOLD YOU THAT OUR STRATEGIC VISION WAS BEGINNING TO TAKE HOLD, IN THE MARKETPLACE AND INSIDE IBM. I SAID WE PLANNED TO STAY THE COURSE — AND TO INTENSIFY OUR EXECUTION.
My message this year is unchanged. We will continue to implement a strategic plan that our customers, business partners, investors and employees understand and endorse. We expect to continue delivering consistent revenue growth — as we now have for 14 straight quarters. We will continue to improve the execution of our strategies to produce marketplace wins, chiefly by strengthening and leveraging IBM’s unique breadth of people, skills and technology — assets many of our competitors are trying furiously to replicate.
IBM’s market valuation — the ultimate measure of our performance — grew by $23 billion in 1997. Our stock price surpassed its all-time high and continued to climb, rising 38 percent over the year. Since our major restructuring in 1993, our market- place worth has increased by more than $73 billion. Last year we split the stock for the first time since 1979.
If you don’t read any further in this annual report, know that IBM’s comeback is on track and doesn’t require a major course correction.
But I hope you will read on. A 40,000-foot view doesn’t really tell the story — where growth will come from and why, and how we plan to return IBM to industry leadership.
letter
to shareholders
 3

 WHAT DID 1997 TELL US?
FIRST, it demonstrated that IBM remains on solid financial ground. For the third straight year, we reported record revenue — $78.5 billion, up 3 percent. That’s 8 percent after you adjust for the effects of currency shifts.
Our earnings rose to $6.1 billion from $5.9 billion in 1996 (excluding a charge related to acquisitions in the first quarter of 1996). Our earnings per common share increased about 12 percent, to a record $6.18, from $5.53 in 1996.
We remain committed to maximizing shareholder value, and to making productive use of our cash. We increased our investment in the exploration and development of future technologies, investing $5.5 billion in 1997 on research and development, up $300 million from 1996. We invested nearly $7 billion during the year on capital expenditures to strengthen existing businesses. We announced plans to invest $700 million to build one of the world’s most advanced semiconductor development facilities. We invested $663 million last year in the ongoing reengineering of IBM, resulting in greater manufacturing efficiencies, better customer service and reduced cycle time. We invested $700 million to acquire leadership companies like Unison Software, which strengthens our systems management business, a majority stake in NetOb- jects, a leader in website design software, and total ownership of Advantis, the U.S. data network services unit of the IBM Global Network.
After all these investments, we still had substan- tial cash on hand to return to shareholders — directly, via dividends, and indirectly, via our ongoing stock buyback program (another $7.1 billion of IBM shares
in 1997). Notwithstanding these investments in the company and shareholder return, IBM finished the year with $7.6 billion in cash.
SECOND, 1997 revealed that there are powerful growth engines underlying our overall numbers. This was evident across most of our major businesses:
• Services revenue increased to $19.3 billion, up 28 percent in constant currency, continuing an exceptionally strong growth story. Seven years ago, with revenues of about $4 billion, we were barely visible in the marketplace. Today, we are the market leader, and IBM Global Services has the highest customer satisfaction rating in the industry. The total value of our services business already booked for 1998 and years to come is more than $42 billion, and we are growing faster than the industry. We continue to hire aggressively to fuel our growth — 15,000 people joined our services business in 1997.
• Software revenue grew 4 percent in constant currency, and its gross profit margin grew by 2 points. These are modest gains, but the key fact to note here is that in distributed middleware — the fastest-growing part of the software industry — we are growing faster than the industry. Five years ago, only one out of ten dollars in IBM software rev- enue was from distributed software; today, it’s near- ly four of ten. Lotus Notes “seats” doubled for the third straight year, to 20 million. And Tivoli’s sys- tems management products are growing twice as fast as those of the industry. We are also making a strong run at first place in databases, helped by the success of our new DB2 Universal Database.
 4 IBM1997annualreport
 
 (Dollars in millions except per share amounts)
1997 1996
financial highlights
International Business Machines Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
 For the year:
Revenue
Earnings before income taxes Income taxes
Net earnings
Per share of common stock
Per share of common stock - assuming dilution Cash dividends paid on common stock
Per share of common stock
Investment in plant, rental machines and other property Average number of common shares outstanding (in millions)
$ 78,508 $ 9,027
$ 2,934 $ 6,093 $ 6.18 $ 6.01 $ 763 $ .775 $ 6,793
983
*
$
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
75,947
8,587 3,158 5,429
5.12 * 5.01 * 686
.65 * 5,883 1,057
 At end of year:
Total assets
Net investment in plant, rental machines and other property Working capital
Total debt
Stockholders’ equity
Number of employees in IBM/wholly owned subsidiaries Number of common stock holders
$ 81,499 $ 18,347 $ 6,911 $ 26,926 $ 19,816
269,465 623,537
$ $ $ $ $
81,132 17,407 6,695 22,829 21,628 240,615 622,594
 *Adjusted to reflect a two-for-one split of the common stock effective May 9, 1997
• Hardware grew 4 percent in constant currency. Again, a closer look reveals important trends. In 1997 we thoroughly reinvigorated our entire server line. Our new System/390 G4 enterprise servers represent the complete conversion of our mainframes to microprocessor technology. Overall, the System/390 line delivered 30 percent growth in shipments of processing capacity. We introduced Web-enabled RS/6000s and AS/400 servers. Our new Netfinity PC server line, which brings our high-end server exper- tise to bear on smaller-scale needs, has been eagerly accepted by the market. Of particular note is our storage business. Despite having invented magnetic disk storage four decades ago and having pioneered every significant development since then, IBM had fallen seriously behind the competition. Today, our storage business is winning again. Last year,
it gained further momentum by introducing a string of leadership products and by growing revenue from hard-disk drives twice as fast as the industry.
• Our success in disk drives highlights another important story: the growth in sales of IBM tech- nology and components to other companies, many of them our competitors. Five years ago, our OEM revenue was only about $1 billion. In 1997 it was $5.6 billion, growing at double-digit rates, driven mainly by OEM sales of disk drives and semicon- ductors. We’re also generating more than $1 billion annually by licensing IBM patents and other intel- lectual property to technology companies.
• IBM’s commercial PC operations enjoyed a solid year, helping our PC business maintain its
 5

•
market share and grow revenues by 7 percent in constant currency. We remained the biggest seller of “thin client” network computers. More than 3,000 enterprise cus- tomers purchased tens of thousands of IBM Network Stations last year. The award-winning IBM ThinkPad continued as the leader in mobile systems. And we introduced a new line of Microsoft Windows NT-based workstations in 1997, the IBM IntelliStation.
We continued to expand rapidly in the world’s emerging markets — though, like many other global companies, we are being affected by the financial turmoil in parts of Asia. We announced plans to expand our global network of research laboratories by establishing a new one — our eighth — in India. In Hungary we pioneered a “utility” service for small- and medium-size businesses — selling computing power and applications via networks in the same way water and electricity are sold. We plan to roll it out in other markets around the world.
revenue
($ in billions)
75.9
78.5
straight year, IBM led all companies in U.S. patents — discoveries that are building a foundation that will support the company well into the future. IBM people are delivering major technological breakthroughs and getting them to market faster than ever before. In 1997 alone:
• Deep Blue — a specially programmed RS/6000 SP supercomputer — redefined the way humanity under- stands its relationship to both machines and thinking itself. It also showed the world an IBM energized by tackling “grand” challenges — beginning with taking on the greatest grandmaster in chess history, and now moving on to pharmaceuticals, financial modeling and weather forecasting.
• Our ViaVoice Gold continuous speech recognition product brought an exciting technology to a new level of user-friendliness. It also poten- tially opened the world of e-mail and the Internet to a quarter of the planet, through Mandarin ViaVoice.
• Lotus’s eSuite, introduced last fall, is an entirely new approach in personal productivity applications that takes advantage of network- based computing. Written entirely in Java, eSuite applications, such as word
       62.7 64.1
71.9
   93 94 95 96 97
 net earnings
($ in billions)
5.4
6.1
     4.2 3.0
93
    THIRD, we were reminded of the extraordinary resource we have in IBM scientists and technologists — a community of expertise and inventive- ness no one can match. For the fifth
94 95 96 97
      6 IBM1997annualreport
( 8.1)
 
        •
processor and spreadsheet, flow to users’ PCs or network computers over both private networks and public networks like the Internet.
IBM’s breakthrough in copper microchips promises a significant increase in the capacity and speed of semiconductors, as well as reductions in cost. IBM has more than 50 issued and pending patents relating to the use of copper in chips, and the first devices will appear this year.
total expenses as a percentage of revenue
(after adjustments)
39.7
32.0
selling well), and consolidated AS/400 and RS/6000 manufacturing, marketing and development to reduce cost and improve market effectiveness.
FIFTH, 1997 reminded us that there will always be factors beyond our control, macroeconomic factors that affect our near-term performance. We saw this in the striking negative impact of world currencies and weakness in some Asian markets. These conditions continued into the first quarter of 1998, but at this writing we believe they are short-term effects.
THE FINAL LESSON OF 1997 is how much of our destiny we do control. Because we are on the right strategic path, and because the broad changes that are transforming the global economy play to IBM’s strengths, things are increasingly going our way.
It wasn’t always like that. Just five years ago, IBM was on the verge of scattering its businesses to the four corners of the information technology world, to live — or die — within their own industry sectors. We know now what a mistake that would have been.
Our unique value proposition to customers has been — and will continue to be — precisely our ability to offer integrated solutions that draw on resources and strengths across IBM. Today, with the shift to a networked
 28.8 28.3 27.5
    • We quadrupled the capacity of hard-disk drives through IBM’s patented giant magnetoresistive (GMR) head technology, and pushed the outer limit of future devices by achieving a new world record in storage density — packing more than 10 billion bits (10 gigabits) per square inch of disk surface.
FOURTH, we can always do better. Our consumer PC business underperformed the market in 1997. And we need to do a better job of strengthening and positioning our family of servers, with particular attention to our AS/400 and RS/6000 lines. We are tackling these problems aggressively. We reorganized our consumer PC business, introduced new Aptiva offerings in the sub-$1,000 category (products that have been
91 92 93 94 95 96 97
      93 94 95 96 97
 stock performance 1991- 97
Year-end closing prices adjusted to reflect a two- for-one split of the common stock effective May 9, 1997
        7
 $ 44.50
$ 25.18
$ 28.25
$ 36.75
$ 45.69
$ 75.75
$ 104.63

world, our customers again need integrators. They need secure, reliable, scalable technology — in other words, IBM-style enterprise computing. And they need partners who understand how to apply technology to address basic business issues — our heritage. I believe IBM’s comeback is a direct result of our decision to swim against the tide, to stay together.
I think that became clear in 1997 — not just to us, but to the marketplace at large. Last year, the idea of IBM began to take hold. Our vision of a networked world began to be accepted, not as a corporate slogan, but as an insightful view of how the world was really changing. Wall Street, customers, business partners and industry consultants welcomed our e-business campaign, which laid out a compelling vision for our customers — compelling because it was real. IBM has led the industry in transforming businesses into e-businesses, completing thousands of e-business customer engagements. And inside the company, we’ve been working to transform IBM itself into the world’s premier e-business.
While I haven’t talked much in the past about our work to transform IBM — choosing instead to focus my public comments on customer and industry issues — behind the scenes we’ve been reengineering IBM from top to bottom, with one goal: to foster a high-performance culture and
capital investments
($ in billions)
turn IBM into the world’s premier knowledge management company.
We believe very strongly that the age-old levers of competition — labor, capital and land — are being supplemented by knowledge, and that the most successful companies in the future will be those that learn how to exploit knowledge — knowledge about customer behavior, markets, economies, technology — faster and more effectively than their competitors. They will use knowledge to adapt quickly — seizing opportunities and improving products and services, of course, but just as important, renewing the way they define themselves, think and operate.
To support the rapid movement of ideas and knowledge across IBM, we’re completing a more than $400 million upgrade of our information technology infrastructure, including the largest single-company rollout ever of groupware — to 240,000 Lotus Notes users. We have created new compensation and rewards systems that foster a high-performance culture based on speed of execution and team- work. Our knowledge management work is also paying off in prosaic areas, such as procurement. Knowing at all times the status of supply and demand of purchased goods has allowed us to leverage our worldwide volumes and negotiate more effectively, saving IBM $4.2 billion since 1995.
       5.9 4.7
3.2 3.1
6.8
           93 94 95 96 97
 research
and development investments
($ in billions)
7.5
       6.1
5.3 5.2 5.5
    8 IBM1997annualreport
93 94 95 96 97
 
 To become the world’s first truly knowledge-man- agement-based company, you need great technology, but you also need lots of smart people. I’ve already discussed here some of our world-class technologies. What follow in this report are examples of the wonderful creativity of our nearly 270,000 people.
This team’s job, of course, is not finished. We have one more peak to scale: a return to industry leadership. To be part of a true revolution is a rare privilege. For many generations, no such opportunity ever arises. For us, it has. When we started this journey five years ago, we focused on what was required to bring IBM back. We then came to realize that, in doing so, we were joining in the reinvention of the entire information technology industry. It’s only within the past couple of years that the full scope of this revolution has become clear.
The rise of a globally connected world is changing everything. It’s rewriting the basic assumptions of business, the economy and global society — and the new text reads like an IBM playbook. If IBM didn’t exist — if we had disintegrated it five years ago — somebody would have to recreate us to lead this new era. (That’s just what some of our competitors are trying to do.)
We have a chance to imagine new ways for people to interact, to govern themselves, to manage their businesses, to enhance their health, to teach their children. And we have the resources to do something about it — to push the technology further and faster than anyone else, and to turn it into real solutions, solutions that matter. Our customers and business partners are looking for someone to lead, and we intend to do it.
The women and men of the new IBM aren’t daunted by that prospect. They’re fired up by it. And so am I.
As you may know, I’ve committed to remain IBM’s chairman and CEO for at least another five years. I’ve done so for two reasons.
First, the job I came here to do isn’t complete. We’ve proved we could survive, when many had written us off for dead. We’ve proved we could grow, when most believed growth would come only to the small and fleet. And I believe we’re proving IBM is relevant to the world of the future, when many saw us as an artifact of the past. Now, our task is to lead.
Second, I could not, frankly, think of anything else that would be nearly as much fun. If you love business — and I do — you want to be where the action is, where the marketplace is most dynamic, where the issues are the most urgent, where team creativity is at its most intense. The most important development in the global economy at the dawn of the 21st century is going on right now, and IBM is at its epicenter. This large, resourceful and vitally impor- tant company is truly coming into its own. Where else would anyone want to be?
*****
I want to recognize one of our directors, who is retiring
this year. Harold Brown has had an extraordinary association with IBM. He was a member of the Board from 1972 to 1977. After serving as U.S. Secretary of Defense, he rejoined the Board in 1981. I would like to thank Dr. Brown for his many years of support and service to our company, and express my personal gratitude for helping me during my transition into IBM.
Louis V. Gerstner, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  9
