LETTER TO INVESTORS







Dear Fellow Investors:





 
Last year I told you that the transformation of. IBM had pro­gressed to the point where it was time for everyone in the company to focus on our strategic vision - a networked world that transforms the way people work, interact, learn and do business.
I said our vision wasn't some slogan or a flashy-but­ improbable dream. Rather, it was our view, grounded in decades of experience , of where technology and com­merce around the world were headed, and that we would help our customers use network computing to improve what they do and how they do it.
And, I said, implementing this strategic vision would
fuel future IBM growth.
We are indeed growing. For the second consecutive year, IBM reported record revenue - $75.9 billion, up 6 per­ cent. Revenue increased 9 percent after adjusting for the
2.	effects of currency, our highest rate of growth since 1985. Our earnings, however, were essentially flat ,exclud­ing one-time charges associated with acquisitions last year and in 1995. We're not happy with flat earnings. There were two primary problems: Our European busi­ness was weak, and our semiconductor business was buf­eted by factors largely outside our control, especially declining memory chip prices.
We ended the year with more than $8 billion in cash - and that's after $6 billion in capital expenditures to strengthen our existing businesses; $1 billion for acquisi­tions like Tivoli, a leader in systems management soft­ ware, and landmark, a leading maker of education software for children; and nearly $6 billion to repurchase IBM com­mon stock.
Our stock price rose 66 percent in 1996. As a result, our ultimate report card, IBM's market value, grew $27 billion last year. That brings the total increase since our major restructuring in 1993 to more than s50 billion.
 
Perhaps the most encouraging sign that our strategies are taking hold is the broad base of our growth and our continued strength in businesses that represent the great­est long-term growth potential:
-	Services revenue increased 25 percent to nearly $16 billion - the fourth consecutive year services grew more than 20 percent. We signed contracts worth $27 billion in 1996. The total value of professional services business already booked for 1997 and beyond in areas like systems integration and outsourcing of customers' data center operations is more than s38 billion.
-	Software revenue grew 3 percent, driven largely by strong sales of Lotus and Tivoli products. Revenue from Tivoli's flagship systems management products was greater in the fourth quarter of 1996 than for all of 1995. The installed base of Lotus Notes doubled for the second consecutive year to a total of about 9 million.
-	We continued to improve the competitiveness of our hardware lines, from the new Aptiva S Series for the home to  large-scale enterprise  servers  (mainframes). In fact, shipments of mainframe computing power grew 50 percent. We were the first major company to introduce a network computer - the IBM Network Station, a new kind of desktop device that provides access to networked applications and processing power while dramatically reducing the cost of desktop computing.
-	Our PC business, after several lackluster years, righted itself. Shipments expanded significantly world­ wide and we grew share. Our storage business also refo­cused itself and turned in an exceptional performance, particularly in hard disk drive sales.
-	We continued to grow rapidly in the world's emerg­ing markets. Last year we became the leading PC vendor in China. Our operations in Central Europe and Russia have built a network of more than 10,00 business partners.
 


As part of the $4.7 billion IBM invests in research and development, we support projects and programs that further our understanding of how the world and the universe work, and explore phenomena that may one day lead to advanced information technologies.
 





























LOUIS V. G ERST NER , JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer





 
To further fuel growth, we hired more than 26,000 people last year, and we will hire thousands more in 1997. Our total workforce grew to 241,000 at the end·of 1996,up from 2250,00 in 1995. I'd like to add here that I am very happy - and proud - that our transformation has created job growth.
For the second consecutive year we increased our capi­tal expenditures , nearly all of it for strategically important areas like expanded disk drive manufacturing capacity. We also spent s4-7 billion on research and development. I note here that for the fourth year in a row, IBM received more U.S. patents than any other company, and we sur­passed our own record for patents awarded in any year. This says something good about our future.
Even as we grow we are relentlessly continuing to fine-tune our operations to improve our efficiency and productivity, mostly through our reengineering efforts.
Overall, it was a solid year.
Now, it's at this point in annual letters to shareholders
 
where a CEO might be tempted to announce some bold	3.
new direction. I'm going to resist the temptation and report to you that I believe we should stay the course. To be sure , our transformation is far from complete. We must and we will pick up the pace and intensity of everything we do.
But I believe that we have made enormous progress
over the last four years - in part because of the grit and determination and talent and teamwork of IBM em ploy­ees, and also because we set a strategic direction for the company that was right for us, right for our industry and , most importantly, right for our customers.
I have met with thousands of customers, and through­ out 1996, the single most -asked question I got was: "Exactly what is network computing and is it something I should be paying attention to?"
It sure is.
The term says it all. Network computing is a new model of computing based on networks, most notably the Internet. It is not the same as merely hooking computers
 



s, RVc AT ROOM T n 11•ER ATl ' RE Atoms, by nature, are a lively lot. At room temperature they tend to jitter and jump. But now, IBM researchers
in Zurich have discovered a way to move individual molecules at room.temperature (rather than in a deep freeze). With this advance, molecules	. can potentially be used to build the ultimate in miniaturized structures, such as computers measured in nanometers (1 millionth of a millime-
ter). To demonstrate their technique, they constructed the world's smallest abacus. Individual molecules served as the abacus' beads.
 



 
64.1  71.9   75.9	3.0	4.2	5.4	3.1	4.7	5.9


94	95	94	95	94	95
 
32.0 28.8 28.3



94	95
 


REVENUE
(s  in  billions)
 

NET EARNINGS
(s in bi llions )
 

CAPITAL INVESTMENTS
(S in bill io ns )
 

TOTAL EX P E NS ES AS A PERCENTAGE OF REVENUE
( a fter C1dj11s1ment s)
 





 
4.	together so they can talk to each other. We've been doing that for a long time .
Rather , network computing is a big change in how
computing is used and where it takes place.
It changes where computing takes place because it shifts most of the work - the processing, the data, the applications - from desktop machines to computers , called "servers, " laboring behind the scenes in the net­ work. This saves customers a lot of money because they don't have to replace desktop computers and desktop soft­ ware every time a new upgrade comes along. All of that can be done once, on the server. This also gives our busi­ ness customers greater control of their critical business data because the information is no longer distributed - sometimes haphazardly - over hundreds or thousands of individual PCs.
Network computing changes how computing is used because it connects tens of millions of people to other people, to information and to the world's businesses and
 
institutions. Networks within companies - they're called "in tranets " - enable employees to work faster and smarter as teams , unencumbered by time zones and bor­ ders. Networks also improve efficiency and speed between a company and its suppliers, dist ributors, retail­ ers and other business partners. And by setting up a sin­ gle storefront on the Internet, a company can offer its goods and services to millions of potential buyers. We call all of this electronic business - "e-business."
What's the value ofa wired world? What will these connected millions of people (soon to be a billion!) do? What will they want? What will they pay for?
The answer , we believe, is: all the things people do every day. Buy things and sell things. Renew driver licenses. Bank and pay bills. Explore literature. Learn, teach, work together, access entertainment. Make money. In other words, people will value applications - interac­ tive, transaction-intensive applications that enable them to get meaningful things done.
 


NEW MATH Ittook two years of non-stop number crunching - but when the bits had settled, a massively parallel computer and a team of IBM researchers had identified an elusive atomic particle called a "glueball." The calculation was the largest single numerical  feat in the history of computing, and the first instance of a particle being discovered by a computer.
0
 


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Inte rnatio nal Bus in ess Machines Corporati on and Subsidiary Compa nie s




(Dollars in miJlions except per s hare amoun ts )
For the year:
Revenue
Earnings before income taxes Income taxes
Net earnings
Per share of common stock
Cash dividends paid on common stock Per share of common stock
Investment in plant, rental machines and other property Average number of common shares outstanding (in millions)
At end of year:
Total assets
Net investment in plant, rental machines and other property Working capital
Total debt
Stoc kholders' equity
Number of employees in IBM/ wholly owned subsidiaries Number of common stock holders







 

The driving force behind the creation of most applica­tions - and certainly of the best applications - is cus­tomers who have decided to seek competitive advantage by fundamentally changing the way they work.
Think about it:If a billion people are going to do online banking, banks have to change the way they deal with their customers. If a billion people are going to access edu­ cation, universities have to change the way they teach. If workers inside an enterprise are going to use an intranet to change how they work (and not just look at online news let­ters), that enterprise has to change how it operates.
If all this happens - and I believe it will, but not as quickly as some in our industry predict - the Information Revolution will be as important and all-encompassing as the invention of the printing press and the Industrial Revolution.
Every day we see new leaders emerge in specific industries - not because they are the biggest or have the most money and the best traditions, but because they
 

were the first to embrace e-business with applications	5.
that helped people do what they want to do.
We're adapting and enabling every hardware and soft­ ware product in our portfolio for "the Net." Today, all our server platforms , from PC servers to supercomputers , are web servers and offer price/performance competitive with any in th e industry. Together with Tivoli, we're enabling multi-platform systems management across the corporate infrastructure and out to the web. All our key software products - for example, databases and transac­ tion systems - are web-enabled. Our Lotus team contin­ ues to innovate and extend its lead in groupware. More important , Notes and Domino have become the platform of choice for building Internet applications.
All of this work to transform enterprise computing is
really important to our customers. Some 70 percent of the world's business information is already managed by IBM databases. IBM transaction processing software handles more than 20 billion mission-critical business transactions
 



, 1 " ERGY c0Nst:\1PT10l\ TIILOR\ Howmuch  energy  does it take to move a bit (the smallest unit of information  handled by a computer)? "None," says IBM researcher Dr. Rolf Landauer, who published a paper that outlines how the energy and matter used in sending infor­ mation need not be "thrown away" at the receiving end. That means, Laudau er posits, they can be recycled.
 

 
a day. We're working to make these systems stronger and more scalable to handle the incredible workload network computing will generate.
We are also inventing new technologies for the wired world , beginning with the innovations needed to make technology more secure, more reliable, and much easier to use.
But if you really want to track IBM's moves and progress in the networked world, look first to the e-busi­ness solutions we are building for, and with , our cus­tomers. Solutions require more than raw technology . They are combinations of hardware , software and services that we integrate to attack a customer's business issues. Many are covered in the pages of this Annual Report.
Backed with $1 billion of our R&D funds , more than 70,000 IBM professionals are developing solutions with some of our largest customers in 11 industries . At the same time, we're working with more than 4 50, 0 0 busi­ness partners to develop e-business solutions for small and mid-sized businesses.
The networked world is also creating huge demand for services , our fastest-growing business. Customers want help in everything from consulting and systems
6.		integration to network services and education. We have more than 90 ,00 0 people in services. We hired 15,00 0 in 1996 alone.
Our industry is about to crack the trillion-dollar mark. We see the industry growing by about $400 billion - to
$1.2 trillion in the next four years. About half of that growth - $200 billion - will be driven by network com­puting. And the majority of that growth will be in solu­tions and services.
Those are big stakes.
And I like the cards in IBM's hand. The industry is coming back our way, to our traditional strengths, to the things that IBM does best - solving customer problems with innovative technology. We have the right strategies and are focused on them and have committed resources - people and money- to implementing them.
 
What makes me most optimistic, however, is that with­ in the corridors of IBM, this is all energizing stuff We have a lot of bright people who have the wherewithal to make a difference - who understand the stakes, the demands, the pace. We are energized not because we like doing the same old things, but because we can apply our whole array of resources and smarts to an entirely new set of challenges.
We understand that leadership is not a birth right. There is only one way to claim it - or reclaim it - and that is to take it.
I am convinced that IBM people, working side by side
with our customers, will do it.

As I mentioned in my letter last year, this networked world is not without its problems. It raises important pub­ lic policy issues like privacy, security and access for all.
Technology can help resolve some of these issues. We're developing new technologies - encryption software is one example - and we're working with government leaders and others in our industry to reach agreement on how best to use them.
But I also believe responsible public policy can only be developed through vigorous, open discussion. And since the networked world will touch everyone - parents, businesspeople , educators, students and citizens - it's important that we all speak up.
IBM has established a website (www.ibm.com/ ibm/publicaffairs) where we offer thoughts on - and pro­ pose solutions to - many of these issues, from personal privacy and security to the effects of technology on educa­tion and health care. I hope you'll visit the website and join in the debate.





Lours V. GERSTNER, JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 




DI FF US E I N T E RST EL L A R BANDS It's a puzzle of cosmic proportion: many of the universe's bright, young stars seem to be missing light in certain colors of the spectrum - diffuse interstellar bands (if you're up on your astro-physical lingo). Two IBM scientists now propose that hydrogen, the most common molecule in the universe, is the culprit - scattering the light in a process similar to what makes the Earth's sky seem blue. Their model may help astronomers explain unusual light emissions in the known universe. (You mean the sky's not really blue?)
