Installed Building Products Annual Report Shareholder Letter
To our stockholders: Our business began in 1977 with one location in Columbus, Ohio. We did well in Columbus ­ so well, in fact, that in the mid-1990s, we launched an acquisition strategy with the goal of creating a company with national coverage. Since 1999, we have successfully completed and integrated more than 90 acquisitions, putting ourselves on the map in more than 100 locations serving 46 states. Today, we are the second largest new residential insulation installer in the country, with a service area that encompasses more than half of the total U.S. residential new construction permits issued. We estimate that we have grown our share of the U.S. residential new construction insulation installation market from about 5 percent at the end of 2005 to 16 percent today, based on total U.S. housing permits issued. This growth led to record revenue in 2013 of $432 million. On a same branch basis, sales in 2013 increased nearly 30 percent, well exceeding the approximate 18 percent increase in U.S. housing completions. I remain extremely confident about our future. We will continue to focus on insulation installation, which in 2013 accounted for 74 percent of our net revenue by product. New home construction generated nearly 80 percent of our net revenue by end market, and we expect the continued housing recovery to make this market even more attractive going forward. We also can point to our supplier relationships as a strong driver of our success. We purchase directly from the manufacturers, and this, along with our national scale and regional and local relationships, allow for attractive pricing and consistent supply. Our customer base is also a strength. We have diverse national, regional and local customers, to which we provide local market expertise as well as end-to-end services and solutions.

2

We took a major step forward in our corporate history when we started trading our stock on February 13, 2014. Our stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IBP. The offering allowed us to refine our capital structure and provide additional financial flexibility as we continue to grow the business organically and through acquisitions. Finally, we are strong because our employees and management team are strong. Our team has a depth of talent at all levels and has managed through several housing cycles. We are aligned with our investors to build on our success. What's next? In reaction to the economic recession, we rationally streamlined our locations and operations throughout the U.S. Our national coverage and scalable, asset-light business model positions us to uniquely benefit from the recovery in the U.S. housing market, as housing starts are anticipated to increase from approximately 900,000 in 2013 toward the historical average of 1.5 million per year. While the organic growth expectations are compelling, we are an acquisitive company. We expect to continue our proven acquisition strategy to fill out the map in geographic areas where we are currently underrepresented. We see a number of opportunities in the highly fragmented market of contractors and believe our model for growth and extensive history of successfully integrating acquired businesses will provide additional growth opportunity. At the same time, we will maximize the benefits of industry trends such as new energy efficiency requirements, and extract additional value from operating leverage and national scale. As we move forward into the next chapter of our corporate story, I am confident that we are well positioned to execute our strategy. We have the services, markets and people required to achieve something truly special. I look forward to sharing that journey with you. Sincerely,

Jeff Edwards Chairman, President and CEO

3

