To Our Fellow Shareholders
Continuing the Legacy
We are proud to report that 2015 was another
fi nancially and operationally strong year for
IDACORP and its primary subsidiary, Idaho
Power. The year closed a chapter on our fi rst
century of business. As we look back at the
strong foundation that ensured the success and
longevity of the company, we also look forward
to the challenges and opportunities that the
next chapter provides as we continue on as an
independent, integrated electric utility.
2015 marked IDACORP’s eighth consecutive year
of improved earnings. Idaho Power will share
approximately $3 million with Idaho customers
under our regulatory stipulation. This continued
a trend of several years of sharing with customers,
amounting to more than $120 million in total.
Looking back, the successes of 2015 are
attributable to the execution of our business
strategy and our focus on our clean, low-cost
hydroelectric base, constructive regulatory
activities, growth in customers and economic
activity in Idaho Power’s service area.
Looking ahead, Idaho Power estimates total
capital expenditures of nearly $1.5 billion over
the next fi ve years. Noteworthy projects include
the replacement of aging assets, upgrades
to generation plants, a multi-year plan for
eplacement of underground cable, ongoing system upgrades and continued progress on permitting
the Boardman to Hemingway and Gateway West 500-kilovolt transmission projects.
Our 17 hydroelectric dams on the Snake River and its tributaries are the crown jewels of our system. As recently
highlighted in United Airlines’
Hemispheres
magazine, “We were green before green was the thing to be.” Our
hydro facilities are our legacy, providing a clean, reliable, flexible system at a low cost for our customers. These
plants, together with three natural gas plants and three coal plants, all play important roles in providing
electricity to our customers. Even removing the capacity generated by the 17 hydro plants we operate on
the Snake River and its tributaries, 20.1 percent of the actual nameplate capacity on Idaho Power’s
system consisted of renewables in 2015.
A prudent regulatory strategy is another key to our success. We work collaboratively to help ensure timely cost
recovery while keeping customer rates fair. We also are careful to approach other regulatory issues, such as
renewable energy, in a thoughtful, strategic manner for the benefit of our shareholders and customers.
Idaho Power’s century-old roots continue to grow in Idaho. To this day, electricity that is affordable and readily
available is a major factor in our region’s long-term economic growth. Our reliable and fair-priced energy is
a key reason large companies like Chobani, Clif Bar and Amy’s Kitchen have chosen to site facilities in
— and bring jobs to — Idaho Power’s service area.
You can’t have power without people, and Idaho Power works to maximize our human resources. We embrace
succession planning at all levels, resulting in a talented bench from which to choose our future leaders. Our
leadership team has broad management experience and is skilled at controlling costs, optimizing our system
and growing revenues. Our Board of Directors has the diverse collective background for successful oversight
of policies, providing thoughtful and valuable counsel.
Idaho Power also continues to receive national media recognition for corporate excellence. In the September issue
of
Public Utilities Fortnightly,
our company ranked number 11 of investor-owned utilities in the publication’s list
of the 40 best energy companies. That’s up from 17th in the prior year and a substantial jump for the fourth year
in a row. The Fortnightly 40 measures utilities’ long-term performance and ranks them according to operating
efficiency, asset utilization and financial leverage.
Enhancing shareholder value is top-of-mind for IDACORP. On September 17, our Board of Directors approved an
8.5 percent increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend on IDACORP’s common stock, from $0.47 per share
to $0.51 per share. IDACORP’s Board of Directors has approved dividend increases in each of the last four years,
representing a cumulative increase of 70 percent in IDACORP’s quarterly dividend over that period.
Like any company that has been around for a century, Idaho Power has accomplished a lot. We’ve grown and
adapted to many changes. We continue to find ways to optimize, help grow our local economy and embrace
new opportunities. It’s an exciting time to be in the energy business. We look forward to building on the
strong foundation of the past 100 years as we work to produce long-term value for you, our shareowners.
Chairman of the Board
President and Chief Executive