Dear Fellow Shareholders, Customers & Employees

At International Flavors & Fragrances we place a premium on innovation. As a recognized leader in the Flavor and Fragrance industry who can trace its roots back over 100 years, we have succeeded by striving to discover new ways to advance our mission ­ to create unique experiences that enhance consumers' lives. At all levels of our organization and in the 32 countries in which we operate, innovation is an essential building block of our corporate "DNA" and enables us to partner with the world's most influential consumer products companies to drive consumer preference for their brands. While the core of our operations is creating the next generation of natural, sustainable, and high-performance scents and tastes, innovation more expansively defines the way we approach opportunities in all parts of the business. This innovation informs our plans and processes and determines how we allocate resources to win new business by helping customers develop a closer connection with the consumer. For this reason, we have chosen "Innovation­The Foundation of Our Success," as the theme of this year's annual report. We believe our innovation sets us apart from the competition, drives our performance, and positions us for continued profitable growth.

2012 was an exciting year for IFF, and one marked by significant progress in executing the three strategic priorities we established in 2010 to leverage growth in  our emerging markets, strengthen our innovation platform, and maximize our portfolio. For the third year in a row we were able to achieve top-line growth in line with our long-term growth targets, owing to strong sales increases in the emerging markets as well as solid performance in the developed markets. Local currency sales growth of 4% was due to a higher frequency of new customer wins using our innovative product solutions. Despite continued raw material cost increases of 4% on top of the 10% increase in 2011 , we expanded our gross margins by exiting certain low-margin sales activities in line with our strategic priority to maximize our portfolio and drive profitable growth; and by realizing ongoing manufacturing efficiencies and cost improvements, combined with pricing to recover input costs. Our margin improvements enabled us to continue investing more than 8% of sales in our Research and Development platforms, while building infrastructure in the faster-growing regions to better support customer growth. As a result, our adjusted operating profit increased 3% to $488 million, our adjusted EPS improved 6% to $3.98, and we generated cash from operations of $324 million, despite a $105.5 million payment

to the Spanish tax authorities to settle past tax disputes.

Based on our earnings growth, strong cash flow performance, and overall financial flexibility, in July our Board authorized a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.34 from $0.31, and in December authorized a $250 million share repurchase program, reflecting its confidence in IFF's long-term growth prospects and commitment to building shareholder value. Despite the global economic challenges we faced, we were able to deliver solid financial performance, and our stock price increased 26.9% in 2012, versus 13.4% growth in the S&P and 15.9% growth in the Nasdaq. Both our Flavors and Fragrances businesses contributed to our top-line growth and operating performance in 2012. On a like-for-like basis, which excludes the exit of low-margin sales activities, Flavors achieved local currency sales growth of 8% due to robust growth in the emerging markets, combined with an increase in products using the company's sweetness and sodium modulation tools in the developed markets. Our Fragrances Compounds business also grew by 7% owing to strong performance in Fine Fragrance from high-profile launches such as Lancôme's La Vie est Belle, Avon's Fergie Viva, and Balenciaga's Florabotanica, and solid growth in Functional Fragrance from increased products using our market-leading encapsulation technology, designed to address consumer desire for freshness and longer-lasting aroma. In 2012, we also accelerated our sustainability initiative by establishing a more formal structure to support the four pillars of our strategy, outlined in our second report, "Sustainability: The Seeds of Growth." These pillars focus on our products, our people, our sourcing and our physical impacts on the world. The articulation of the formal strategy last year helped generate a momentum that has continued as we build our existing systems and management processes. Our resiliency, indefatigable will and relentless focus on renewing for the future enabled us to achieve remarkable progress against our three strategic pillars, which chart our continued course for growth and profitability. Leverage Our Geographic Reach The emerging markets now account for 47% of our sales, up from 46% in the prior year, and IFF is building new capacity to capture the growth in these areas of the world. During the year, we opened a new manufacturing facility in Singapore and a creative center in India, and continued construction on our Flavors-dedicated facility in Guangzhou, China, which is currently scheduled to open in the first half of 2013. We also announced a $50 million investment to expand our facilities in Gebze, Turkey to serve customers in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. These on the ground investments enable us to support customers doing business in these regions, and are informed by our knowledge and insights of consumer preferences in emerging markets. Strengthen Our Innovation Platform We ended the year with an aggressive R&D pipeline that we believe will deliver near, medium and long-term growth for IFF while addressing consumer preferences for millions of people around the globe. Our innovations are shaped by consumer insights, and then leveraged through partnerships with our customers to amplify the success of

their products. A commitment to consumer insights has led to the investment in and rolling out of new technologies to meet the growing world demand for natural and sustainable ingredients, authentic flavors and pleasing aromas, and equally important, greater health and wellness choices. We are also keen on developing the next generation of fragrance encapsulation technology as well as new molecules that will buffer us against external supply pressures, while forming alliances with biotechnology companies to create an alternate route for producing natural, sustainable and cost-effective ingredients in both businesses. We are making progress in our joint agreement with Evolva Holding to produce a natural and sustainable source of vanillin, a key flavor and fragrance ingredient. Maximize Our Portfolio Based on economic attractiveness, we made the decision to exit certain low-margin Flavors sales activities that we were not able to improve through pricing, cost reduction or other margin-enhancing initiatives. Although this put pressure on our sales growth, especially in the back half of the year, it had a favorable impact on gross margins. In addition, we have also focused on winning in those areas where we are most advantaged, and our efforts have resulted in our ability to deliver enhanced margins to our shareholders on initiatives in both the Flavors and Fragrances business units. While the annual report overview has focused on innovation in R&D and executing on our three strategic pillars, I'd be remiss if I didn't highlight the broad-scale approach to innovation at IFF. Whether in Procurement, Engineering, Human Resources, Information Technology, Finance, Marketing, Communications, Perfumery, Flavors, Operations, or any of our other functions, IFF people are finding new and better ways to deliver improved performance and shareholder value every day. Looking ahead, I expect 2013 to add another bold chapter to our ongoing innovation story. As we prepare ourselves for the next phase of our innovation journey, I want to thank our Board of Directors and teams all around the globe for working tirelessly to foster a culture of innovation and collaboration at IFF. More importantly, I want to thank and commend our 5,700 employees worldwide for all their efforts. Each day is an invitation for us to help consumers enhance their lives through a range of extraordinary and, in some cases, never-before tasted or smelled sensory experiences; and every year is an opportunity for us to advance our goals in lockstep with our customers. At International Flavors & Fragrances, innovation is not just our core strength -- it is the foundation of our success.

Thank you,

Douglas D. Tough
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.

See reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP financial measures in exhibit A at end of this report

