Dear Fellow Shareholders: I am pleased to invite you to attend our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Wednesday, May 3, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. Eastern daylight time. We will hold the meeting at our corporate headquarters located at 533 West 57th Street, 9th floor, New York, New York 10019. A notice of the meeting and proxy statement containing information about the matters to be acted upon are attached to this letter. Our Board of Directors and management hope that you will be able to attend the meeting. We are pleased with our progress in 2016, which in large part was due to our industry-leading innovation and ability to provide our customers with superior products. We increased our annual dividend double-digits -- for the sixth consecutive year -- and continued to repurchase our shares to achieve a 71% total payout ratio of adjusted net income*, above our 50-60% stated goal. In 2016, we saw the pace and speed, at which change occurs, accelerate, with rapid movement in consumption, exchange rates, raw materials and politics. In the context of this environment, we maintained a steady pace as we continuously improved-- both strategically and financially -- while addressing the needs of our customers and maintaining an eye towards long-term growth. We leveraged our industry-leading innovation to win in strategic markets, and capitalized on our recent acquisitions, helping us win where we compete. Within Fragrances, our technologies are working to enhance the day-to-day experience of consumers across a multitude of product lines. In Flavors, we continue to address consumers' desire for health and wellness products. In markets around the world, we worked on supplying local, regional and global customers with diversified and sustainable product offerings. Building on our efforts to offer our customers in-depth and local consumer insights, industry-leading innovation, outstanding service, and the highest quality products available, in 2016 we moved to further position IFF as our customers' partner of choice and go-to supplier. Our business strategy is built on creating a sustainable future. This directive led us to launch an enhanced sustainability strategy and vision in 2016 that focuses on positive transformational changes toward a regenerative, healthy and abundant world. Continuing our focus on accelerating growth and increasing shareholder value, we are proud of the progress we've made in terms of acquisitions. Over the course of the year, we added David Michael and Fragrance Resources -- the latter of which closed in January of 2017. David Michael is well-known for its vanilla expertise, strength in the Dairy and Beverage categories, and relationships with dynamic, fastergrowing middle-market customers. Fragrance Resources increases our participation in Specialty Fragrances, a faster growing sub-category within Fine Fragrances, and strengthens our market share position with a regional customer base. As we progress into 2017, our journey in leading the world in sensorial experiences continues. By leveraging our strengths -- innovation, consumer insights, talent and diversification -- we will continue to strive for improved growth and increases in profitability to deliver long-term, sustainable value. Tomorrow is full of promise as we continue to build a stronger, more valuable company for our shareholders, customers and employees.

Andreas Fibig Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
* See reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP financial measures in Exhibit A to this proxy statement.

