DEAR SHAREOWNERS:
   million or $1.04 per diluted share in 2000, which excludes gains from the
sales of securities and repurchase of debentures totaling $71.7 million.
Again, we assumed leadership for the IT distribution industry to achieve long-term profitability. Building on last year’s success to increase gross margins, we focused our efforts on reducing costs while balancing share growth with strong gross margins.
Step by step, we made visible improvements to our cost structure, reducing expenses by more than $36 million compared with the fourth quarter of 2000. Beyond their size and scope, the reductions we made were thoughtful, targeted, and supported by a process designed to maximize efficiencies with minimal business disruption. The steps we have taken were done with our customers and vendors in mind, designed to improve levels of service and support.
WORKING CAPITAL
Q4’99
$ MILLIONS
Q4’01 IMPROVEMENT %
 INVENTORY
INVENTORY TURNS
DSO (1)
$3,472 9 36
$1,624
14 5
DPO 52
TOTAL DEBT, INCLUDING $1,611
OFF-BALANCE SHEET DEBT (1)
37 (1) 41 (11)
DSO: Accounts Receivable Days of Sales Outstanding DPO: Days of Accounts Payable Outstanding
$680
$931 58%
$1,848 53%
 (1) Includes off-balance sheet debt associated with our accounts receivable financing programs
  The Greeks were first to theorize that the earth is round. Columbus confirmed the theory in 1492 upon reaching America. And Magellan proved it once and for all when his three-year voyage around the world was completed in 1522. It took vision — vision combined with courage — to embark upon a new direction that would rewrite the rules and forever change the way we look at the world.
 Let me provide a few examples to illustrate my point.
We reorganized the U.S. sales and product management divisions, consolidated distribution and return centers, and refocused the IT functions to support a more service-oriented business model. Nearly 6,500 customers were moved to the dedicated sales teams we created, without increasing personnel or sacrificing customer relationships. The response from customers has been overwhelmingly positive. We have consistently heard praise from our customers for the higher service levels. It’s clear that we reached a new benchmark in our high quality customer service.
We also increased efficiencies in our distribution centers through state-of-the-art supply chain automation. This year, we introduced next-generation technology in our U.S. distribution centers. Our new system, called IM-First, is wireless, paperless and virtually eliminates the manual collection of data. Through automation we can increase utilization, allowing us to consolidate facilities without reducing service levels. In fact, we rationalized our distribution networks in the United States, Europe and Latin America, as we reduced the number of centers or replaced outdated centers with newer, more efficient facilities.
We are changing the rules of the IT distribution business, proving that operational efficiencies and high quality service can go hand in hand.
DEMONSTRATING VALUE
We did not shy away from the slow economic environment — instead, we had the courage and discipline to pursue opportunities for profitable growth. Our pricing strategy was surgical and smart, and it was complemented by increases in fee-based revenues
5
It’s strategically connecting vision to performance
  Ingram Micro has this kind of vision. In our own quest to determine what lies beyond the horizon, we discovered that our world, the world of IT distribution, is not round. It is, in fact, a series of straight lines. Lines that connect us — to our customers, vendors and shareowners. The line connecting vision to performance. As a result, we are rewriting the rules and changing the way we look at our world.
I am pleased to report to you that, despite one of the worst demand environments to ever hit the IT industry, Ingram Micro plotted a straight course and emerged a stronger company. We did what we needed to do. We reduced costs and held steady on improved gross margins while we fortified our customer relationships. Through it all, our best-in-class balance sheet continues to be strengthened, with a total debt-to-capitalization ratio that is the lowest in the IT distribution industry.
 BALANCING THE BOTTOM LINE
The unprecedented business environment that challenged the IT industry at the end of 2000 continued to affect market conditions in 2001. Our net sales were $25.2 billion for the year, down 18 percent. We delivered net income for the full year of $48.9 million or $0.32 per diluted share, before reorganization costs, special items and losses for the repurchase of debentures totaling $42.1 million. This compares to net income of $154.4
 Kent B. Foster Chairman and CEO
      
compared to a year ago. At the same time, we achieved good rebates and discounts, as our customers and vendors recognized the value we provide. And we aggressively managed excess and obsolete inventory. Our achievements in inventory management, in fact, have been particularly impressive. We reduced inventory by approximately $1.3 billion from the previous year-end.
We believe there is still room for gross margin expansion over the long term as we continue to demonstrate our value to our customers and vendors, increase fee-based revenues, and enhance the mix of customers, products and geography.
We further leveraged our existing management team when we united our U.S. and Canada regions to become Ingram Micro North America. Kevin M. Murai was named president of the new North America region as Asger Falstrup became president, Ingram Micro Latin America. By sharing best practices across country borders and capturing economies of scale, we have the inside track toward maximizing our success as a service organization.
Finally, we said goodbye to board members Don H. Davis, Jr. and Philip M. Pfeffer, and welcomed new members Dale R. Laurance and Michael T. Smith. They are all visionaries whose experience and steadfast commitment to our company help us remain on course.
 67
CONNECTING TO THE FUTURE
One of the positive results of a slow economic environment is that it unleashes creativity, especially in a company like ours with a history of innovation. Connecting the right solutions and the right products to the right customers is an important philosophy behind our strategic initiatives.
Through IM-Logistics, we continued to expand opportunities that allow us to leverage our expertise and infrastructure and provide fee-based fulfillment services for companies like Amazon.com and Intuit. During the launch of Windows XP, the IM-Logistics Division moved more than 800,000 units, most of it shipped directly from the manufacturer without touching a warehouse, to approximately 7,500 retail locations. Innovative steps like these do more than help us gain market share, they affirm our leadership position in the industry.
Ingram Micro also has the resources that enable value-added resellers (VAR) to sell new technologies, adopt new business models and provide effective go-to-market programs for vendors. We celebrated the grand opening of our Solution Center, a development testing and training facility for enterprise solutions. We announced plans to offer wireless networking, Internet infrastructure, storage area network solutions, and bundled services. And, we added a new VAR community, SMB Alliance, to VentureTech Network and Partnership America, furthering our commitment to investing in the resources necessary to develop tools, training and business opportunities that will help VARs do business more effectively.
SETTING THE COURSE
In setting our plans for the future, the strategies we developed this year affected every level of our organization. We strengthened our executive team with the addition of Thomas A. Madden, executive vice president and chief financial officer. Tom, a veteran of finance and strategy, joined Ingram Micro in July 2001, replacing Michael J. Grainger, who was promoted to president and chief operating officer earlier in the year.
6%
4%
2%
THE JOURNEY AHEAD
$ MILLIONS 330
$ MILLIONS 2,000
1,500
1,000
500
OFF BALANCE SHEET
40
30
20
10
         320 310 300 290 280 270
                                      Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY 2000 2000 2000 2000 2001
GROSS MARGINS
Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 2000 2001 2001 2001 2001
SG&A EXPENSES
‘97 ‘98 ‘99 ‘00 ‘01
TOTAL DEBT
Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 2000 2001 2001 2001 2001
INVENTORY DAYS
     Oliver Wendell Holmes once noted that the great thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. Our work is far from over. We must continue to manage expenses tightly and identify additional areas of our business where we can streamline costs by improving processes, sharing resources and automating more of our operations.
As always, vision will play a critical role in our success and leadership. And so will the dedication of our incredibly talented and experienced people. I believe that technology will once again emerge as the most dynamic, exciting and fastest growing segment of our economy. While no one can be sure of exactly when that will occur, when it does, we are better positioned than ever to capitalize on the opportunities.
  Kent B. Foster
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
       