 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2008 will be remembered as the start of a recession that severely impacted many companies around the world. It also will be remembered as the year that unveiled Ingram Micro’s fighting spirit.
processes for the long term. By the end of the year, the benefit of these actions reached a run-rate of more than $20 million in annual savings. While Asia-Pacific and Latin Amer- ican economies were relatively unaf- fected during the first half of 2008, those regional management teams
We stood firmly on the bedrock
of our financial position, taking
decisive actions to improve the
business in an unstable environ-
ment. The ongoing support we
received from you — our share-
holders, associates, customers,
suppliers and other stakeholders —
helped us deliver results that make us proud. Here are some of the year’s highlights:
• Sales topped $34 billion, the second-highest level in our history
• Gross margins were at the highest level in 10 years
• Excellent management of working capital helped generate operating cash flow of more than $550 million for the year
• Year-end cash balance peaked to a record amount of $763 million, even after repurchasing $222 million in company stock during the year.
Although I’m pleased with our
achievements in 2008, we are far
from claiming victory. As we move
through 2009, worldwide market weakness continues to dampen sales. Aligning our cost structure with the pace of decline will remain a challenge, but a top priority for the management team. As 2008 so aptly illustrated, a small drop in sales in a growth industry can exert tremendous pressure on profits and return on invested capital — even when cost adjustment measures are
instituted early in the cycle.
Decisive Actions, Steady Results
Starting April 2008, we began to take
concrete actions in North America
and Europe. In Europe, we down-
sized our regional headquarters,
while in North America, we re-engi-
neered certain back-office functions. We also focused on traditional belt-tightening efforts — significantly lowering travel costs, reducing hiring and taking steps to improve
12
YEARS PUBLIC
108
DISTRIBUTION CENTERS
14,500
grew significantly above the company’s average sales growth. Following the mid-year spike in fuel prices, we introduced incremental freight charges to offset transporta- tion costs. Our industry was one of the few to continue to bear the burden of freight costs, and we felt it was time to change that
EMPLOYEES
AND YOU
proactively implemented cost-containment programs of their own. This forethought proved to be extremely benefi- cial when their economies worsened later in the year.
As growth rates continued to decline globally, improving our profitability became paramount. We shed certain less-profitable and low-return business relationships worldwide, recognizing that top-line revenues would be
impacted through these moves. While almost all customer segments and product lines were scrutinized, the majority of our actions were directed at retail throughout Europe and in China. Our decision to consciously walk away from those business opportunities that did not meet our profitability thresholds
made a positive impact on our gross margin performance for the year.
Pruning our business was only part of the gross margin story. Our data capture/point-of-sale (DC/POS), network- ing, enterprise solutions and North American logistics businesses — all strong gross margin contributors —
practice for the long-term benefit of IT distribution. Many of our peers soon followed suit, validating our leadership stance.

Progress on gross margins and operating costs in 2008 would not be sufficient given the significant downturn the IT sector experienced coming into the new year. In early 2009, we announced further restructuring actions, primarily in North America and Europe, which are expected to yield additional annual savings of $100 million to $120 million by the end of the year. North America is expected to generate a majority of these savings through optimization efforts to reduce overhead and restructure certain business units and facilities. The European region is taking similar actions, including the re-positioning of its Nordic
operations, whereby we intend to sell our Danish operations and exit those in Norway and Finland. The Asia-Pacific and Latin American regions are also participating in this plan to rationalize their expense struc- tures in line with the decline in revenues.
Step by step, we worked meticu-
lously to improve our profitability.
Even so, like many companies,
the volatile equity environment in
2008 negatively impacted our
market capitalization, triggering a
pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of $743 million in the fourth quarter. Absent that charge, our hard work and ingenuity enabled us to close the year with a respectable operating margin. The underlying operating performance of the company combined with our world-class balance sheet puts us in a strong position relative to many sectors in this economy. As the markets recover from the current downturn, we feel we are well positioned with our customers and vendors to take advantage of consolida- tion opportunities this economy might present.
Building on Our Strengths
Our success in navigating through the economic complexities of 2008 can be attributed to several factors. Among them are our financial depth and flexi- bility, geographic diversity, and excellent vendor and customer relationships. These strengths continue to fuel our market leadership.
Our global reach is unparalleled. With local presence in more than 30 countries, we sell our products and serv- ices to more than 170,000 customers in approximately
 150 countries worldwide. By representing more than 1,500 suppliers, our well-diversified portfolio of offerings allows us to mitigate risks associated with product commoditization and obsolescence. We believe this approach has served us and you, our partners, well.
This reach is fueled by solid financial assets, which include a diverse portfolio of capital resources through- out the world and a solid balance sheet — both of which allow us to fare better than many peers in manag-
                                                                                                                                                          (1) 2007 gross margin includes net Brazilian commercial tax charge of $30.1 million or 0.09 percent of revenues.
(2) 2008 gross margin includes a benefit of $8.2 million or 0.02 percent of revenues related to the release of a portion of the Brazilian commercial tax reserve recorded in 2007.

 ing through the unpredictable credit markets. Today, we can adequately fund the needs of our own business, while also providing valuable credit for our customers. Our conservative stance on capital management, as well as our strong cash position, continues to serve as a reli- able financial shield amid tight credit markets.
Market Growth and Expansion
Despite the weak demand environment, there were pock- ets of growth and opportunity in our existing business, most notably in our fee-for-service logistics and DC/POS
units. We are actively broaden- ing these businesses to drive a more attractive mix of higher- margin categories and to capture opportunities in frag- mented adjacencies. Along these lines, we expanded our worldwide presence in the DC/POS segment in 2008 through organic growth, as well as the acquisitions of Para- digm, located in the United Kingdom, and Eurequat and Intertrade, based in France and Germany, respectively. These acquisitions helped augment our geographic footprint across
Europe and secured the No. 2 position in this space. A small but strategic acquisition of Cantechs Group in May enhanced our value in the Chinese market, providing a platform to further develop the DC/POS niche through- out Asia.
Fee-for-service logistics is another of our success stories. The team grew revenues more than 30 percent in 2008 while keeping its client base relatively constant.
PRODUCTS SERVICES
TECHNOLOGY
AND YOU
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Working Capital Days = DSO + DIO – DPO
(1) 2006 excludes off-balance sheet debt of $69 million associated with accounts receivable financing programs.
Our satisfied customers have recognized the benefits of outsourcing their fulfillment and return needs and have increased their business with us.
Services continue to be a growth opportunity. As history indicates, we have excelled at identifying trends and related services that make our value-added resellers more profitable. Many customers have commented that our counsel to expand their service offerings has resulted in recurring income opportunities, offering a shelter to help weather these difficult times.
New Horizons
As we look ahead, I see long-term opportunity peppered with economic challenges in the near-term. Our team has been tested time and again, yet we emerge stronger and more prepared. I firmly believe that our expert leadership, effective processes, can-do culture and world-class associates are capable of moving this company forward for the long term amid any environment, difficult or not.
Technology plays an important role in maintaining a competitive edge, and we’re pleased to welcome senior vice presi- dent and chief information officer Mario F. Leone to lead us in these efforts. He will play a critical role in creating world-class e-commerce, information and business systems that will help us drive additional profitable growth.
While we expect continuing economic hurdles in 2009, I am optimistic about Ingram Micro’s future. Throughout our company’s history, our seasoned management team and associates worldwide have established a proven track record of overcoming difficult conditions, including economic downturns and reductions in technology spending. The tough choices we made in 2008 are already creating a leaner, more agile company — and will ultimately result in greater prof- itability and improved shareholder returns. To you — my teammates, partners and valued shareholders — thank you for your continued support.
    Gregory M.E. Spierkel Chief Executive Officer
  