 DEAR
                                           Ingram Micro
2 Annual Report
Ingram Micro’s 1999 financial results reflect a revolution in technology and distribution. The technology industry, like many others today, is transforming itself in response to our fast-changing world. Ingram Micro is doing the same. During the year, our company achieved many successes as the clear leader in our industry. We also faced many challenges, largely due to dramatic changes in market conditions, and took actions to
meet those challenges.
In September 1999 we initiated a search for Ingram Micro’s next chief executive officer to ensure that we have the best possible team executing our strategies to improve profitability and pursue new market opportunities. Our objective was to find someone who has the right
experience and track record of implementing change. Our board of directors did an outstanding job
selecting the right person for the task. In March 2000, Kent B. Foster was named chief executive officer and president of Ingram Micro and was elected to our
board of directors. I will continue as chairman until
my retirement on May 17, 2000, at which time Kent will succeed me as chairman. Also in March, Phil Samper left our board of directors to focus full time on other business opportunities. I’d like to extend our many thanks to Phil for providing his counsel, leadership and invaluable expertise to the board since October 1996.
Kent is an exceptional leader with a distinguished track record, including his most recent post as president of
             
GTE Corporation. We have provided additional information on Kent’s outstanding accomp- lishments in a special section immediately following this letter. It is a great pleasure to introduce Kent to you, our shareowners.
Financial Results
Demand for Ingram Micro’s broad product offering and world-class logistics and fulfillment services was solid in all regions of the world, with significant increases in sales to Internet retail storefronts and other e-commerce-driven business markets. As a result, we achieved net sales globally of $28.1 billion, growing 27 percent from 1998. We are significantly larger
difficult business environment. During 1999, we experienced intensely competitive pricing in the marketplace and dramatic increases in the costs of the goods we sell, due mostly to rapid changes in manufacturer policies. These increased costs occurred so quickly and profoundly that the industry was not able to reflect the changes in market prices. As a result, our profitability was negatively impacted. While we are proud to achieve net income of $183 million in a year in which most of our competitors did not produce profits, we did not achieve our objective of continued profitable growth.
We exit 1999 in a position of financial strength. The company’s capital position
 30 25 20 15 10 5
0 $
net sales
figures in billions
250 200 150
    ‘95 ‘96 ‘97 ‘98 ‘99
                               100
50
0 $
net income
figures in millions
2000 1500 1250 1000 750 500 250
0 $
stockholders’ equity
    ‘95 ‘96 ‘97 ‘98 ‘99
    ‘95 ‘96 ‘97 ‘98 ‘99
figures in millions
than our next largest competitor and believe we exited 1999 with No. 1 market share in each of our major geographic regions.
Our teams around the world continue to lead the industry with superior execution on accuracy, timeliness and product availability, while at the same time managing dramatic increases in order volume. We achieved impressive levels of customer service and simultaneously increased productivity. We lowered total operating costs prior to one-time events to 4 percent of net sales, setting yet another industry benchmark.
We accomplished these results despite a
improved significantly during the year based
on good working capital management and contributions to equity from earnings and investment appreciation. Total debt declined $372 million from the end of 1998 to $1.35 billion at the end of 1999. Stockholders’ Equity increased $568 million from the end of 1998 to $1.97 billion at the end of 1999, resulting in a ratio of balance sheet debt to total capitalization of 41 percent.
Evolving Our Fundamental Strengths
Amidst short-term challenges in 1999, our company remains the market leader and only
      
truly global IT distributor, one that is poised to take advantage of long-term opportunities. To capitalize on the industry revolution, we developed strategies for the future that leverage our role as the power behind the scenes for technology resellers, manufacturers and electronic commerce businesses. Our unique global scale, unmatched infrastructure and state-of-the-art systems are a crucial and unbeatable combination, firmly planting us in a role more critical than ever in the technology industry.
Our advantages enable us to manage large customer outsourcing opportunities and offer our inventory- management and fulfillment capabilities to manufacturers on a fee-for-service basis. Throughout the year, we intensely focused on winning major outsourcing deals
facilities in Toronto and Germany, and enhancing our facilities worldwide. By completing the acquisition of Electronic Resources Limited (ERL) in Asia-Pacific, we accomplished our mission of becoming the only global wholesale provider of technology products and services.
Moving Forward
Ingram Micro may not be a household name, but we are the largest technology distributor in the world and a Fortune 50 company. We don’t make the technology you use each day, but we touch it — quietly, effectively and cost-efficiently getting it from the people who make it to the people who use it. Evolving and leveraging our role as the power behind the world’s technology will enhance value-added services for our partners, opportunities for
  with large-scale global market players, including CompUSA, Unisys and SARCOM in the United States, and GE Capital, Telenor and IMS in Europe. On
the manufacturer side, we became the logistics
partner for Microsoft’s retail and home division and 3Com’s Web-based consumer sales. These agreements launch our core strengths and existing capabilities into a whole new area of growth for Ingram Micro.
Our 1999 investments in systems and infrastructure strengthened our global position at the forefront of technology. These investments included advancing our global e-commerce network into an innovative, award- winning online community, opening state-of-the-art
our associates and benefits for our shareowners in the new millennium.
I am confident that the years ahead will provide
each of us as shareowners the return we expect from our investment. We at Ingram Micro work each day
to continue building the leadership, infrastructure and strength that make us successful now and for the future.
Jerre L. Stead Chairman of the Board Ingram Micro Inc.
  Ingram Micro
4 Annual Report
    