 Dear Shareowners:
A true leader looks beyond the expected boundaries and delivers results that become the benchmark for all the rest. At Ingram Micro, we set our sights on becoming the best performing, most profitable company in the IT distribution industry. This mindset influenced every facet of our business in 2002 as we pursued ways to lower costs and increase profitability throughout our operations. I’m pleased to report that we’ve had a successful year.
We methodically improved our business processes to reduce operating expenses, enhance gross margins and strengthen our already rock-solid balance sheet. In the last year, the decline of our operating expenses exceeded our original target of
$55 million to $70 million. Also, we improved gross margins by 20 basis points while reducing our net debt-to-capitalization ratio to less than zero (or three percent, including off-balance sheet financing) and delivering working capital metrics that are among the best in our company’s history and the entire industry.
Gross Margins
6%
5%
4%
3%
FY FY FY FY
1999 2000 2001 2002
       Delivering such strong results in a soft market took diligence and resolve. But we are still not satisfied.
In the second half of 2002, we announced further plans to accelerate our cost cutting and profit maximization, and indicated that this program would generate an additional $160 million in annualized operating income improvements by the first quarter of 2004. We expect that approximately one-third of the improvements will be from enhancements that are included in gross margins, with the remaining two-thirds resulting from reductions in operating expenses. Even if demand remains static, we are confident that by this time next year we will realize these improvements. Our goal is to be the best in everything that we do — a leader by every measure.
Total Debt
To help us reach this goal, we formed a special task force
of North American executives and outside experts who were charged with looking at every area of the company to identify profit-enhancement opportunities. The task force recommended far-reaching initiatives in a number of key areas, including enhanced vendor and customer programs, optimization of facilities and systems, geographic consolidations, and administrative restructuring. They made remarkable progress in a relatively short amount of time.
In fact, in my 33 years in business, I have never seen
a team work so well together. Their recommendations are being incorporated into our normal business operations and are generating results, and we will continue implementing their recommendations throughout the coming year.
  $ Millions 2,000
1,500
1,000
500
Off-Balance Sheet
              0
’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02
3
      “We looked at every corner of our business to find ways to work smarter. As a result, we’re a tougher, more focused organization today – and far better positioned from a cost standpoint.”
— Kent B. Foster, Chairman and CEO
 2

 Operating Expenses
In our quest to be the leader by every measure, we intend to follow a regimen that will grow our business profitably.
While streamlining our cost structure was a crucial first step, we know that growth is key to prosperity. We are focused on finding new profitable growth opportunities. In the pages that follow, you will see that our accomplishments in 2002 have paved the way for this renewed focus.
I would like to touch upon two issues of interest to shareowners that made headlines last year. First are the corporate scandals that have sent shock waves through the investment community. Let me address this by saying that, at Ingram Micro, good corporate governance is the backbone of our organization. Our board of directors maintains an active governance committee with checks and balances over the chief executive officer. At each executive session, the board meets without me, and the report card I receive
 $ Millions 1,280 1,240 1,200 1,160 1,120 1,080 1,040 1,000
        4
FY FY FY FY 1999 2000 2001 2002
Reorganization costs, major-program costs, and special items included in operating expenses
 after every meeting is invaluable. It is crucial that the board maintains a constructive skepticism with which to evaluate the company’s – as well as my – strengths and areas for improvement.
Also, we have had many inquiries from investors over the issue of larger vendors pursuing a direct sales strategy. Historically, the supply chain marketplace has been an amalgam of direct and indirect distribution strategies, and we expect that to continue. Having said that, there are several things to keep in perspective. First, distribution is our core business, and vendors testing a direct strategy will find it extremely difficult to match our performance metrics. For example, according to the U.S. Small Business Administration, there are 25 million small businesses in the United States alone. The sheer size of this market makes it difficult and costly to reach, and Ingram Micro provides an efficient way for vendors to tap into it. Second, the direct strategy has been limited primarily to systems manufacturers in the United States. And, as the structure of distribution evolves to a critical, services-oriented go-to-market strategy, value-added resellers (VARs) and technology manufacturers will continue to rely on Ingram Micro to help them take cost out of the supply chain and provide a greater level of service. We believe distribution remains the most effective way for vendors to reach end-user markets and generate demand.
I am confident that our future is bright as long as we remain focused on making our business partners – vendors and resellers – more profitable. I know our capabilities as a company and I know we are well positioned to make this happen.
We have further strengthened our executive team with the addition of Alain Monié, executive vice president, a seasoned executive with 28 years of experience leading international operations. Alain will become president of Ingram Micro Asia-Pacific by the end of the year. We are fortunate to have his talent and breadth of international experience to complement our team. He will succeed Hans Koppen, whose outstanding work in the region has squarely positioned us as the leading global
 Working Capital
$ Millions
DIO DSO
DSO, including accounts receivable financing programs*
DPO
Total Debt
Total Debt, including accounts receivable financing programs*
*Includes off-balance sheet debt associated with our accounts receivable financing programs of $910 in Q4'00 and $75 in Q4'02
DIO: Days of Inventory Outstanding
DSO: Accounts Receivable Days of Sales Outstanding DPO: Days of Accounts Payable Outstanding
  Q4’00
Q4’02
Change
35 27 37
    44
  $546
$1,456
26 36 38
43 $366 $441
(9) 9 1
     (1)
  ($180)
($1,015)
 distributor in Asia. Hans is a strong member of our solid management team, and we will continue to count on his leadership and expertise to position our operations for continued success in another key assignment.
And once again we leveraged our existing management team, promoting Matthew Sauer
to senior vice president of human resources to succeed David Finley, who recently retired. David was responsible for establishing the strong human resources procedures around the world that will ultimately serve as his legacy, and he will be missed. As an integral leader
in the human resources organization, Matt will continue the effort to cultivate a diverse and talented workforce, and we welcome his expertise on our executive team.
Ralph Waldo Emerson said, “What we call results are beginnings.” I remain optimistic about the future of IT distribution. We are just beginning to realize the true potential of this business, and I believe that over the long term, the IT sector will remain a driving force in the world economy and will grow far faster than other segments. Technological innovation will continue to drive economic improvement as the catalyst for greater business productivity and improved financial performance. By integrating technology solutions into daily operations, businesses will continue to realize lower operating costs and increased profitability. In truth, we’ve just left the starting gate in terms of how information technology will change the way we think and work. At Ingram Micro, we believe the new products and services that will fuel this growth will come from technologies yet to be discovered. It will be our role to facilitate their emergence and growth – to use our vast infrastructure to provide better access to the market. IT distributors like Ingram Micro serve a critical purpose as the engine that moves technology, connecting the people who make technology with the people who use it.
  Kent B. Foster
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      5
