 Ingram Micro AR06 p.14-15
 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
At Ingram Micro, we are setting ourselves apart from our competition through our strategy of growth and diversification, improved operations and efficiencies, and sound management and execution. It’s a difference that is making our company stronger, more agile and better prepared for the opportunities and challenges that are part of the exciting, constantly changing world of technology.
Our strategy of differentiation led us to a successful year in 2006. From a robust logistics engine to extensive product and service offerings, we continued to draw a clear line of distinction between the company and our peers.
These efforts drove strong financial results. With record annual sales of $31.4 billion and record net income of $266 million, we surpassed our historical peak levels reached in the high-tech boom of the late ‘90s. Annual sales grew nine percent, well above the rate of the overall IT market, and all four of our regions were solidly profitable, generating annual operating margins at or above 118 basis points. At the close of fiscal 2006, we had achieved 13 consecutive quarters of meeting or exceeding our guidance, an accomplishment which also sets us apart from our competition.
Driving our success is a seasoned team of managers and associates. With so many collective years of experience in technology, distribution and logistics, our people are a proven competitive advantage in which we continue to invest. We instituted the Six Sigma methodology throughout the company several years
ago and have saved millions of dollars by finding the most appropriate, efficient processes in multiple areas of our business. This constant-improvement philosophy and never-ending quest to find ways of differentiating our company from others in the marketplace is part of our culture. That makes us an invaluable resource
to both our customers and suppliers by helping to make them more profitable.
To distinguish ourselves, we are constantly innovating, cultivating new ideas and identifying new opportuni- ties in adjacent technologies and markets. Diversification not only drives greater sales and profits, but it also allows us to overcome the challenges of a single market, vendor or product segment. In 2006, we continued with this strategy, becoming the only data capture/point of sale distributor with a reach into all four
regions as a result of our acquisition of SymTech, the leading Nordic distributor of these technologies. At the same time, as our homes and businesses become more automated through the convergence of data and entertainment, we opened 10 new, high-end consumer electronics showrooms through our AVAD business unit. In the case of SymTech and AVAD, as with other recent acquisitions, we had the foresight, resources and expertise to prudently move into new markets and, in turn, build a stronger, more agile technology distributor.
In 2006, we further differentiated ourselves from the typical technology distributor by recognizing that services will play a critical role in our continued growth and success. Through our proprietary Ingram Micro Services Network, managed services offerings, mobility carrier contracts, back-end logistics and targeted marketing programs that build access to prosperous end-user markets, we’ve long been a leader in bringing complete solutions to our customers.
As an early adopter of an expanded services platform, we understand that technology services are strategically significant for many reasons. First, overall spending for IT services is expected to surpass that of products
for the next several years. Second, services enhance our gross margin profile with no inventory risk. Third, services allow us to bring additional value to our reseller’s clients, making it more likely our customers will

 choose Ingram Micro over a competitor. Throughout the year, our novel “customer communities” created industry-leading connections, providing a one-stop solution for many companies that want to build new market opportunities more efficiently and effectively. Our service offerings have proven to be of such differentiating value that we will continue to accelerate their development, exploring and testing options for the future, including software-as-a-service, business process outsourcing and marketing services. Our work here is unmatched in the industry.
While our diversification efforts added value all year long, our core business continued to grow and profit, led by the new vendor and product additions to our portfolio. Our expansion in the mid-range storage market, as well as further penetration into network security are examples of opportunities to grow our core business.
We are pleased that Hitachi Data Systems selected us as their global distributor of enterprise-grade storage solutions. This is significant as the mid-range storage space is expected to grow at a double-digit pace through the end of the decade due to demand driven by data growth, complex applications and records retention requirements. It’s also further recognition of our ability to open new growth opportunities for our vendors and gives us a competitive advantage with them through global contracts in the future.
Each of our four regions contributed to the year’s success. Our North American region consistently outperformed the market in 2006, generating 43 percent of our revenues at $13.6 billion. With sales growth of 11 percent and operating income up 22 percent, the region delivered strong operating leverage. Success was primarily due to three factors. One, superior operations and customer service drove revenue higher than the overall market. Two, the outsourcing program launched a year and a half ago drove down expenses in the core business.
And three, redeployment of these savings provided additional capital to invest in new initiatives that are enhancing our margins and diversifying the business. These initiatives include a line-up of professional staffing/recruiting services and a stand-alone business unit for mobility. In recognition of these efforts, key industry magazine VARBusiness named Ingram Micro “The Most Important Distributor” for the third year in a row, further reflecting our commitment toward executing better than any other source.
Our Latin American region was also a standout success once again, posting stellar results in 2006 with dou- ble-digit sales growth and operating profit growing 40 percent. The region generated five percent of our rev- enues at $1.5 billion with operating margins surpassing the 200 basis point level for the year. Much of the region’s strength came from Mexico, where we recently created a specialized business unit to focus on the needs of small-to-medium enterprises, while other operations excelled with more traditional IT lines such as components and systems. Whatever the country, we remain in tune with each market, customizing our portfo- lio to meet the individual needs of our local customers.
Moving on to Europe, the region remained solidly profitable despite the challenges it faced in 2006. During the first half of the year, certain vendor actions forced downward pressure on margins, but we managed through these obstacles and delivered a record third quarter. Later, our migration to new warehouse manage- ment system in Germany proved to be more cumbersome than we expected, causing disruptions that nega- tively affected operating results. While this has been a difficult transition, the enhanced automation will make our German operations more productive and efficient in the future. Our geographic diversification helped to offset the negative impact of these challenges and as a result, Europe generated 34 percent of our revenues at $10.8 billion, with operating margins of 118 basis points.

  Ingram Micro AR06 p.16-17
Finally, in Asia-Pacific, we celebrated the second anniversary of our acquisition of Tech Pacific. In addition,
our China operation became a key contributor to the region’s growth and profitability. We continue to attract additional vendors and the country is now making meaningful contributions to the company’s profitability. This region is a cornerstone in our growth plan as the overall IT market here is expected to grow at a double-digit pace for the foreseeable future. Asia-Pacific generated 18 percent of our revenues at $5.5 billion, a 14 percent increase over the prior year, and 125 basis points of operating margin. In this part of the world, each country is different, influenced by separate economies, infrastructure and cultures. The common objective throughout the region is to grow profitably in a disciplined manner. And our experienced and diverse group
of managers throughout the region knows how to get the job done.
Looking ahead, we see our strategic initiatives of services, consumer electronics, and data capture/point of sale working hand-in-hand with our efforts to spur organic growth. Promising markets such as China and India, and new offerings in mobility, storage and security, also will help us grow faster than the overall IT market.
We are fortunate to have three critical elements needed for future success: a clear plan focused on profitability and growth, a strong balance sheet with flexible capacity and a talented management team that understands the intricacies of our business.
In closing, I would like to welcome Leslie Stone Heisz to our board of directors. Many thanks to our board members, management team and dedicated associates, as well as our business partners and shareholders, for remaining committed to Ingram Micro and helping to make it the success we are today. I especially want to thank Kent Foster who will retire as chairman of the board following our annual shareholders’ meeting on June 6. Kent has been our chairman for seven years, five of which he also served as chief executive officer. Kent was an outstanding mentor and guided the company through some of the most challenging years
in technology history, and at the same time was able to build a foundation of exemplary governance, strong management and best-in-class execution. And while I will miss Kent, I’m delighted that Dale Laurance, who has served on the board for nearly six years and is currently the board’s lead director, will be our new chairman. Dale brings impressive experience and expertise to his new role as chairman and I know the board couldn’t be in better hands.
As we move into 2007 and beyond, we are committed to making our company the most relevant and valued partner for our customers and vendors worldwide. We firmly believe that growth and increased levels of profit will be driven by our efforts to be innovative and differentiate ourselves from our competition.
Different...definitely.
Gregory M. E. Spierkel
Chief Executive Officer
 