Letter to Our Shareholders
“ Our NEXT phase will be characterized by increased operational focus and investments in growth initiatives where we believe we have differentiated capabilities. ” R. HALSEY WISE, INTERGRAPH PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
     Our world is changing rapidly and so are we at Inter- graph. While globalization has made the world smaller and flatter, it has also made the world much more dynamic and complex. The world’s economies have never been more related and interdependent than they are today. Developing nations seem to have an insatiable demand for energy to power the development and con- struction of new and critical infrastructure. Along with this robust international economic development, our world is increasingly confronting heightened global secu- rity and terrorism concerns from known and unknown sources. There is also increased interest and adoption of spatial and location-aware technologies by commer- cial organizations (in-car GPS and navigation systems), government agencies to evaluate satellite imagery for intelligence purposes and consumers (introduction of Google Earth).
All of these macro trends highlight the increasing value and demand for Intergraph’s Spatial Information Management (SIM) software. Intergraph has significant expertise in addressing complex situations where there is abundant, obtuse and unorganized data that could be better understood through a graphical representation. By turning raw and unintelligible data into a valuable and actionable “information picture,” our customers can make better and faster operational decisions that ad- dress critical, time-sensitive and life threatening issues. It is very true that a picture says a 1,000 words, and it is
also true that a picture can simplify complex situations, often saving money, time and lives.
Intergraph technology enables our customers to make the world safer and more prosperous. Our software creates intelligent maps, analyzes satellite imagery, manages and protects critical infrastructure, designs and operates large plants and ships, and provides the command, control and situational awareness for first responders in emergency operations. To be more specific, let me provide some examples of Intergraph technology supporting our customer’s critical security and business needs in today’s world:
The New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) will utilize Intergraph software as the technol- ogy foundation for its security system that will protect more than 2 billion travelers per year.
The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency uses Intergraph software to assist in developing geospatial intelligence, often through analyzing satellite imag- ery, in support of national security concerns.
Florida Power leverages Intergraph software
to help minimize, manage and more efficiently re- spond to inevitable power outages in Florida during hurricane season.
   14 Intergraph 2005 Annual Report

      Chinergy, the organization commissioned to
build the world’s first commercial, modular high- temperature, gas-cooled nuclear reactor, will utilize Intergraph software for project design and implemen- tation requirements.
Samsung Heavy Industries uses Intergraph software to efficiently build more Liquid Natural Gas (LNG) ships than any other company in the world.
These are the types of security and operational chal- lenges that drive our customers to turn to Intergraph
for our technology expertise. Our people seek to earn the respect and trust of our customers through a total com- mitment to their success, deep industry expertise and
a long tradition of technical innovation.
BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION AND ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGE
2005 was a year of continued operational progress and significant organizational change for Intergraph. In April 2005 and as part of our Strategic Plan and three- phased “NOW” – “NEXT” – “AFTER NEXT” business transformation effort established in 2003, we initiated an organizational realignment in a effort to position our Company for future growth and long-term prosperity. In order to produce increased customer and shareholder value, Intergraph undertook restructuring actions that,
NEXT
while sometimes challenging, we believe were prerequi- sites to future success. Notable among these efforts was to streamline our global operations from four to two divi- sions – Security, Government & Infrastructure (SG&I) and Process, Power & Marine (PP&M). We believe these initiatives have better positioned our Company to capitalize on our attractive market opportunities and increased relevance in today’s world. We believe this new organizational structure will enable us to:
Improve the customer focus and responsiveness of the Company
Facilitate revenue growth by better leveraging
the Company’s full range of technology and services
Enhance the Company’s development capabilities and ability to deliver innovative solutions to its target markets
Improve operational efficiency and reduce the overall cost structure of the Company
As part of the organizational realignment, we have identified operational efficiency improvements and expense savings opportunities. We estimate that the entire organizational realignment will generate gross expense savings on an annual basis in the range of $23 to $28 million. As part of our transformation effort and in conjunction with our Strategic Plan, we plan to invest
      Intergraph 2005 Annual Report 15

some of the related expense savings into R&D for core product upgrades, system improvements, expansion of sales channels and targeted growth opportunities. We expect the organizational realignment and all associ- ated restructuring charges to be completed by the end of the second quarter of 2006.
OPERATING RESULTS
Our 2005 financial results illustrate continued progress toward our operating goals. Revenue for the year was $576.8 million, an increase of 4.7% from 2004, while operating income was $31.9 million, or 5.5% of revenue, compared to $34.1 million, or 6.2% of revenue, reported in 2004. Our 2005 operating income before restructur- ing (non-GAAP financial measure) was $43.6 million, or 7.6% of revenue, compared to $34.9 million, or 6.3% of revenue, in 2004. Our net income for the year was $114.4 million, or $3.58 per diluted share, compared
to $159.0 million, or $4.37 per diluted share, in 2004. Net income includes $89.4 million and $121.6 million of after-tax intellectual property income, net of all fees and expenses, in 2005 and 2004, respectively.
We introduced our three-phased “NOW” – “NEXT”
– “AFTER NEXT” business transformation plan shortly after my arrival in 2003. Let me highlight some finan- cial metrics that illustrate Intergraph’s progress against this plan over the past few years:
2005 systems & services orders represent a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 9% since 2003
2005 ending backlog increased 27% from the end of 2003
2005 annual revenue per employee increased 18% from 2003
2005 operating income represents a CAGR of 55% since 2003, while operating margins have more than doubled
2005 operating income before restructuring (non-GAAP financial measure) represents a CAGR of 59% since 2003
2005 weighted average diluted shares outstanding decreased 33% from 2003
While I am pleased with our significant operational progress in a short period of time, I want you to know that there is still much work to be done at Intergraph. We remain committed to increasing revenue growth and consistently achieving our operating margin target of 8 to 12%, in line with peer software and services companies. We have not and will not waver in our effort to achieve the goals set forth in our Strategic Plan.
WHAT’S “NEXT”
Our improved operating performance and solid execu- tion of our business transformation efforts have moved us into the “NEXT” phase of our plan. Our “NEXT” phase will continue to be characterized by a period
of increasing operational focus of resources and assets on our core industries, streamlining our operations
to provide a better foundation for future growth and
       Revenue (dollars in millions)
      
             
        2003 2004 2005
 Gross Profit & Margin
(dollars in millions)
$251.9
$291.8 $275.8
  50.6%
  50.0%
  47.9%
  2003 2004 2005
16 Intergraph 2005 Annual Report

margin expansion and maintaining our track record
of responsible corporate governance and disciplined capital allocation. The business transformation actions we have taken and plan to take in 2006 will help us to highlight our differentiated capabilities and to pursue our attractive market opportunities in the future.
We remain committed to enhancing our operational efficiency and investing in focused growth initiatives over the coming year.
Our SG&I division is benefiting from our leadership po- sition and unique capability to fuse spatial and security technologies into the global public safety and infra- structure protection markets. Our Command & Control software is often the foundational technology
for the security systems of high-value assets and critical infrastructure around the world. Our SG&I software has been designed to create a much needed common operational picture that enables organizations to capture, manage, analyze, integrate and then act on unorganized and complex data. One of our core growth strategies is to leverage our differentiated spatial and security technologies and our ability to better utilize the critical data created by an incident or emergency through this common operational picture.
Our PP&M division is benefiting from rising global energy demands and high energy prices that provide catalysts for software orders to enable new plant starts, increased plant and refinery uptime and investments in
alternative energy sources. We also continue to see the plant and ship design market embrace our SmartPlant Enterprise data-centric business model. Our software vi- sion is to leverage engineering data as a strategic asset to help limit plant downtime and increase design productiv- ity. Our SmartPlant Enterprise suite enables customers to utilize engineering data as a valuable strategic asset across all phases of the project and the plant lifecycle.
Intergraph has and will continue to exhibit our com- mitment to technological innovation that can transform the way our customers conduct business. In 2005, we invested approximately $60 million in Research & Development and believe such investment will create opportunities for future growth. In addition to pursuing organic growth opportunities, we also plan to continue to evaluate strategic acquisitions that either could expand our addressable market opportunity in potential growth areas or could add complementary technology for our existing customers and markets. We maintain a disciplined acquisition philosophy based on well defined value creation convictions. In January 2005, we ac- quired EYECAD 3D plant design software from Asahi Kasei Engineering Corporation, based in Tokyo, Japan. In November 2005, we acquired the German-based Poppenhäger Grips, which provides geospatial analysis software to municipalities and utility companies. In February 2006, we announced our acquisition of Alias, a leading provider of piping design automation software, based outside of Manchester, England. Each of these
 Operating Income & Margin Before Restructuring*
(dollars in millions)
$17.3
2003 2004 2005
*Non-GAAP financial measure. See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” on page 42.
$43.6
 7.6%
 $34.9
 6.3%
   3.3%
   Operating Income & Margin
(dollars in millions)
$13.4
$34.1
$31.9
  6.2%
 5.5%
  2.5%
   2003 2004 2005
Intergraph 2005 Annual Report 17

companies and their people are now integrated members of the Intergraph family and value system.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
As a leading technology company, we continue to evaluate potential licensing and litigation strategies to protect and defend our intellectual property in the best interest of our Company and shareholders. In 2005, we were successful in generating $140.7 million of pre-tax intellectual property income, net of fees and expenses.
On January 21, 2005, we entered into a global settle- ment with Hewlett-Packard (HP). The terms of the settlement required HP to pay Intergraph $141 million, along with the granting of a cross-license to each other’s patent portfolio.
On September 27, 2005, we announced a patent license agreement with Fujitsu Limited, Japan. Under the terms of the agreement, Fujitsu made a one-time up-front royalty payment of $9.75 million and obtained a paid-up worldwide license to certain Intergraph Clipper patents.
On March 31, 2006, we entered into a patent license agreement with Sony Corporation of Japan. The terms of the agreement require Sony to make a one-time, up-front royalty payment of $15 million for a paid-up worldwide license to Intergraph’s patent portfolio.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND
CAPITAL ALLOCATION
We take great pride in maintaining strong corporate governance and allocating shareholder capital in a disciplined manner. Our track record of solid corporate governance and financial transparency is illustrated by our recent ISS Corporate Governance Quotient
of 96+% relative to the Russell 3000 index. In 2005, we returned cash of approximately $156 million to shareholders through stock buybacks. Since late 2001, Intergraph has repurchased more than 25 million shares of common stock for approximately $712 mil- lion. We believe these actions demonstrate our efforts to responsibly allocate and deploy capital in ways that enhance shareholder value.
OUR PEOPLE
Our ability to continue to execute and deliver improv- ing operating results during significant organizational change is a tribute to the people of Intergraph, whose dedication, commitment and willingness to challenge the status quo make these results and progress possible. I want to share with you a few examples of the outstand- ing leadership capabilities and character of the people you have representing your Company:
Captain Chip Carr is an Intergraph Account Sales Executive based in Reston, Virginia for our SG&I divi- sion. As an Army Reservist assigned to the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, Chip volunteered to
 Cash & Short-term Investments (Cash) and Debt as of 12/31/05
(dollars in millions)
$307.2
    $0.8
    Cash Debt
 Three-Year INGR Share Price vs. NASDAQ Composite Index
+200% +150% +100%
+50%
+0% Dec-02
Dec-03 Dec-04
Dec-05
  INGR
                      
   18 Intergraph 2005 Annual Report

deploy with a Special Operations Command in Iraq as a Geospatial Analyst and Team Lead for a Joint Task Force. Chip led the first NGA team at this site and was charged with introducing geospatial intelligence. Chip’s knowledge of geospatial systems at the NGA, Defense Intelligence Agency, Central Intelligence Agency and commercial sources were crucial to collecting, orga- nizing and analyzing the data necessary to complete mission-critical operations and protect troops. Chip’s commitment to our nation’s security is evidenced by his receipt of the 2005 U.S. Geospatial Foundation’s Military Achievements Award.
Scott Bridges is an Intergraph Senior Sales Represen- tative based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana for our SG&I division. When Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast, the Louisiana State Police valiantly worked long hours to keep the peace and assure public safety. Im- mediately after Hurricane Katrina, Scott drove to the first roadblock in New Orleans and organized, prepared and cooked more than 500 meals each day for local
first responders. Scott’s initiative is just one example of Intergraph’s personal and professional commitment to the industries that we serve.
Doug Hilton is an Intergraph Staff Consultant for our PP&M business. As a coordinator for American Radio Emergency Service (ARES), he controls radio assets during emergencies for ten Northern Alabama counties. After tornadoes tore through Tennessee and Alabama in April 2006, Doug helped establish radio communi- cation when the power to the local National Weather Service office failed. Following Hurricanes Rita and Katrina, he worked with the American Red Cross to provide emergency communications for a shelter that helped 1,200 evacuees with food, clothing and other needs. Doug’s eagerness to help people in emergencies shows the leadership and strength of character of Intergraph employees worldwide.
Artur Rusinowics, based in Warsaw, Poland, serves as an account executive for the Intergraph PP&M division. Artur’s dedication and commitment to our customers has expanded our presence in Eastern Europe. Because delays in plant construction or shutdowns in operation can cost our PP&M customers millions of dollars daily,
proper training and continued support are a must. Throughout the past year, Artur has trained customers in Kazakhstan and Romania, providing around-the- clock support and on-site services for our mission-critical software. For example, he trained more than 150 people on six products by working two shifts per day over a two- week period. Contributions such as Artur’s demonstrate how the people of Intergraph help our customers succeed each and every day.
One of my proudest moments in recent days was Intergraph’s receipt of the American Red Cross Circle
of Humanitarian Award recognizing our Company’s contributions in support of Hurricane Katrina disaster relief operations. Hurricane Katrina was a devastating storm impacting thousands of lives in the Gulf Coast region and in our home state of Alabama. To the people of Intergraph, Katrina was not only a major disaster, but also a call to act, engage and help. Working with the American Red Cross, Intergraph provided technology and resources while financing assistance to address the needs of those impacted. Additionally, we volunteered facilities to serve as a central warehouse and distribu- tion point for food and medicine. Assisting those in need reflects the core values of our Company and highlights the humanitarian spirit of the people of Intergraph.
IN CLOSING
Our recent financial results underscore the progress
we have made as we have executed on our Strategic Plan and business transformation efforts. We remain optimistic about our future, though I remind you, as
I often do, that some of our continued transformation efforts and progress may cause our results to be non-lin- ear in nature. I would like to thank all of the people of Intergraph for their dedication and determination that has allowed us to show this remarkable improvement in a very short period of time. And to our customers, part- ners and shareholders, I thank you for your trust and your tremendous support of our mission.
R. Halsey Wise, President & Chief Executive Officer April 19, 2006
       Intergraph 2005 Annual Report 19
