                 To Our Shareholders
To Our Shareholders
In a year marked by global economic and political turmoil, collapsing world oil prices, and foreign currency fluctuations, World Fuel Services’ diversified energy solutions business model once again proved resilient and delivered solid results. Despite a perfect storm of oversupply and slow demand, we gained significant market share across all segments, upheld a strong balance sheet, and maintained ample liquidity to fund our growth.
Our reputation as a strong financial counterparty positioned us well with customers and suppliers, and we finished the year with nearly 20 billion gallons of fuel sold, an increase of almost 20% year-over-year. While this growth is an impressive feat considering the current market climate, volume alone does not reflect our expansive business model that cuts across multiple segments.
“We were able to maintain the durability and diversity of our business to deliver strong results.”
Whether they are moving passengers, shipping products, or manufacturing goods, our customers need a reliable partner to provide comprehensive energy solutions so they can focus on what they do best. Our expanding logistics, risk management, procurement, technology, and advisory service offerings deliver solutions to customers in new markets every day. Furthermore, the ubiquity of our offerings allows our customers to rely on us in even the most remote locations across the globe.
We have further enhanced our solutions offering by developing energy management advisory and fulfillment services, principally supporting consumers of natural gas and power. With logistics, commercial, industrial and governmental customers consuming the majority of energy worldwide, our global energy management business allows us to leverage our energy management skills to a broader cross section of the market. This diversity creates stability in our results and a much larger growth path.
Michael J. Kasbar
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
We continue to advance the technology pillar of our asset-light business model. This year we invested in innovative, customer-facing transaction management and payment processing tools and embarked on a multi-year project which will include an upgrade to our global ERP platform which will drive back-office efficiencies within our own organization. We expect to uncover synergies across our different offerings and customers once the back- office capabilities are in place.
In summary, our diversified business model providing energy solutions to the logistics, commercial, industrial, and government sectors is paying off. Our omni-channel approach offers a superior seamless experience to our customers and suppliers, while maintaining our asset ‘right’ footprint — the right balance between third party, technology, and assets to meet market needs.
Looking forward, we remain focused on our long-term growth strategy to drive shareholder value – developing organic initiatives and investing in strategic opportunities to build a comprehensive, service-oriented business that expands beyond fuel procurement. Our talented team of professionals continues to demonstrate a commitment to excellence and a passion for our global mission of creating value in global commerce.
As always, we appreciate the continued support from our shareholders, customers and suppliers. This is an exciting moment for World Fuel Services and we remain enthusiastic about the abundance of opportunities that lay ahead.
  