 Letter from Our Chairman
2011 was a busy year of continued growth and transformation at World Fuel. Together we produced record financial results; created value for customers, suppliers and shareholders; entered new markets; diversified our business model and brought great new talent into the company. These were remarkable achievements by any measure and we have done it despite a challenging operating environment and persistent turmoil in the global markets. Indeed, we have much to celebrate.
But we should also be mindful that there are many in this world who have been hit hard by a struggling economy, and we must never forget where we came from. Complacency is the greatest single threat to our future prosperity.
Over the years, many people have asked us to explain the secret of our success. On one level our success is the result of having a clear sense of mission, disciplined risk management, commercial agility and tight execution. But the true secret to our success — our most important competitive differentiator — the thing we are most proud of — is our highly collaborative culture. It is our most precious asset and we must all work to protect it and make sure it prospers for years to come. This core value unites us across function, geography, nationality and age. It inspires passion, innovation, belief, commitment, loyalty and good citizenship. At the end of the day we want to work hard, have fun, create value and do the right thing. It is who we are. It is how we will continue
to change a global industry.
Paul H. Stebbins Executive Chairman
Our Mission
To create value for our business partners in energy and transportation by delivering innovative solutions and logistics through a global team of local professionals.
Our Vision
Become the world’s leading provider of credit, finance, services, and logistics to the energy and transportation markets.
Build a world-class organization that drives sustained growth through a high performance culture and entrepreneurial agility. 3
 
  
 Letter from Our President and CEO
2011 was a year defined by record achievements and solid performances companywide. Despite an ever changing business climate, World Fuel Services continued to deliver strong results. In 2011 our net income increased by 32% with each of our segments performing very well. Our balance sheet remained strong and we ended the year with a healthy level of cash and liquidity.
Today, we are a global leader providing credit, finance, services and logistics to the energy and transportation markets. These markets will continue to face challenges over the next few years. Supply and demand are stressed, constrained and more variable than ever before. Increased volatility and tight capital markets create uncertainty
for customers and suppliers alike. All of these factors increase the risk profile of doing business. As a leading global transportation fuels company, we understand the value of having a strong and disciplined risk management process in place. Our ability to effectively manage market dynamics has created increasing demand for
our services. We employ 1,800 passionate and talented people, handling the logistics of hundreds of different products in more than 200 countries and territories. We are a global business with deep domain expertise,
which enables us to simultaneously provide a world view while having an intimate understanding of hyper-local issues. We are united by a clear mission to create value for our business partners in energy and transportation
by delivering innovative solutions through a global team of local professionals. Our story has been one of commitment to excellence in everything we do.
We have invested in people and systems, and it is our culture that drives our success. It’s been an incredible journey taking this company from $400 million in sales in 1995, when Paul and I merged our company with World Fuel, to $35 billion in 2011.
We have stood the test of time, endured adversity, continued to successfully grow our franchise, and produced solid results. This attests to the durability of our business model and the commitment of our management team. We will continue to refine our processes and business model to benefit the entire fuel supply chain. Today we face the challenge of continued growth in a marketplace that is more uncertain than in the 35 years I have been in this business. Our team will continue to embrace these challenges, using the discipline that has served us well over the years.
Our company is stronger, more global, more mature, more embedded in its markets and more valuable than ever to the global fuel supply chain. We are an important part of worldwide commerce and take our mission seriously to provide value, convenience and confidence between users and providers of energy products. We
are optimistic about our future and believe in the enduring and growing value of our business. It is my honor to
lead this team as we progress to the next level of growth.
Thank you for believing in World Fuel and thank you for your continued support.
 Michael J. Kasbar
President and Chief Executive Officer 5
