  SHAREHOLDER LETTER
 To Our Shareholders:
  In a year that will be remembered for the worst economic collapse since the 1930s, World Fuel delivered the best financial performance in the company’s history. Our earnings for the year were $105 million or $3.62 per diluted share, a 62 percent increase over 2007. In the fourth quarter, our return on working capital was 69 percent, our return on equity was 19 percent and our net trade cycle was six days. Our cash balance at the end of the year was $314 million, shareholders’ equity was $608 million and liquidity was more than $900 million, including availability under our bank facilities. Notwithstanding an extremely challenging operating environment, we were able to deliver record results due to our continued focus on four key metrics: credit and counter-party risk management, liquidity, margin, and return on working capital. By any measure the company had an exceptional year and our performance over time reflects management’s commitment to building durable and sustainable value for our shareholders.
Our marine segment delivered an exceptional year. Gross profit and operating income for the year were up 78 percent and 140 percent respectively. While freight rates deteriorated and overall trade slowed in the fourth quarter, our strategy of focusing on risk, return and value- added services to our customers and suppliers paid off.
It is clear that the overall prognosis for the shipping industry going forward is uncertain given current economic conditions, but seaborne trade will always be an essential part of global commerce and our competitive position in the market is more secure than ever. Moreover, we have traditionally excelled in difficult market environments because our value proposition is more clearly differentiated and this has never been truer than it is today. Overall the team did an outstanding job in 2008 on every metric of success and we believe we are well positioned to respond to whatever the market may bring our way in 2009. Our recent acquisition of the Henty Oil Group of Companies, a leading independent provider of marine and land based fuels in the United Kingdom, again demonstrates our ability to execute on strategic investment opportunities.
Our aviation segment also performed well in one of the most challenging environments in the industry’s history. Gross profit and operating income were up 35 percent and 12 percent respectively on a year- over-year basis, reflecting the resilience of our model in difficult market conditions. AVCARD delivered solid results in 2008. Despite the difficult market for business aviation, they continued to expand their charge card offering and secure more contract fuel. As with Marine, we believe the steps we took in 2008 to focus on risk and return in our Aviation business leave us well positioned for 2009.
In 2008, our Land segment made a meaningful contribution to overall results and we were pleased with the directional trend. The Texor business acquisition, which was completed in June 2008, has proven to be very successful and provides a platform for future expansion in the area of branded wholesale supply as we enter 2009. Also, as recently announced, we acquired the wholesale motor-fuel distribution business of TGS Petroleum in Chicago, which represents approximately 100 million gallons of additional volume and will be integrated into our growing branded wholesale distribution platform. This acquisition is an exciting proof of concept for our Land segment and we welcome TGS to the World Fuel family.
All in all, World Fuel had an outstanding year in 2008. What is certainly most pressing on everyone’s mind is what the future might bring given the extraordinary economic conditions we face throughout the world. The capital markets remain tight and volatility in the stock market reflects continued uncertainty about the economic outlook. Clearly, our country and the world at large face an economic challenge of significant magnitude and the road to full recovery will be difficult. Notwithstanding these concerns, we remain optimistic about the prospects for our business and take comfort in the fact that every crisis creates opportunity for those who are prepared.
At a tactical level we believe our aggressive efforts in 2008 to strengthen our balance sheet, reduce risk and leverage our business model have secured for us an enviable position in the global marketplace. Our financial strength, compelling value proposition and robust global service platform are significant competitive differentiators in a market where many of our competitors have been adversely impacted by the deterioration of market conditions. Their weakened liquidity profiles combined with less sophisticated risk management platforms have negatively impacted their results and impaired their capacity to compete aggressively in this market. Meanwhile, our suppliers have made it clear to us that current and prospective market conditions have further suppressed their appetite for participation in the downstream market and motivated them to direct more of their volume through our network as they actively seek to reduce the number of channels they rely on for distribution. Our customers, who are under pressure to manage costs, value more than ever our ability to provide competitive pricing while managing quality control and operational support in every market in the world.
CAGR Calculations:
Revenue
Gross Profit
Net Income
Diluted EPS
Stock Price (monthly AVG) Market Cap
Total Return to Shareholders
5 Year CAGR
2008
47.3% 31.4% 36.5% 29.6% 19.5% 26.8% 17.3%
5 Year CAGR
2007
48.5% 24.0% 35.6% 28.0% 33.4% 39.6% 24.0%
But the financial metrics do not tell the full story. Over the years, World Fuel has continued to invest in the people, processes and systems required to scale our business and differentiate our offering in the marketplace. These investments clearly paid off in 2008, a period of extraordinary upheaval in the global financial markets. Credit and liquidity were tight, the global economy experienced rapid deterioration and the operating environment for our customers and suppliers was challenging. In response to these market conditions we became more discerning in our customer base and conservative in our appetite for credit risk. When prices were moving up sharply we were able to respond quickly to manage our working capital and our credit exposure. And because our unique position in the market gave us a competitive advantage in procurement, we were able to maintain margins despite the drop in oil prices in the second half of the year.
Crude Oil Trend 2008
$ 160 140 120 100 80 60 40 20
The hard work we did in the second half of the year to reduce our business risk resulted in a significant improvement in our receivables portfolio. Our team did an excellent job of fortifying the balance sheet, strengthening liquidity and reducing risk while delivering great value and reliability to our customers, suppliers and shareholders.
         0
Jan Feb Mar
 Apr May Jun Jul
08 08 08 08 08 08 08 08 08 08 08 08
Aug Sep Oct
Nov Dec

 MARINE
AVIATION
     $ 7.7 $ 5.8
‘06 ‘07 ‘08
$ 9.9
 $ 203.3
‘06 ‘07 ‘08
$ 114.5 $ 101.2
 $ 121.8
$ 50.8
$ 44.2
‘06 ‘07 ‘08
 $ 7.3
‘06 ‘07 ‘08
$ 5.5 $ 4.6
 $ 122.8 $ 106.9
‘06 ‘07 ‘08
$ 165.8
 $ 60.8 $ 56.6
‘06 ‘07 ‘08
$ 68.1
 Revenue ($ in billions)
Gross Profit ($ in millions)
Income from Operations ($ in millions)
Revenue ($ in billions)
LAND
Gross Profit ($ in millions)
Income from Operations ($ in millions)
This comprehensive service offering continues to drive value for customers and suppliers alike as we help them navigate through a very difficult marketplace.
Worthy of special note is the systemic concern about counter-party risk which has prompted our customers to scrutinize more carefully the financial viability, transparency and corporate governance of their vendors. This is a welcome trend for World Fuel. What were strong competitive differentiators for us in a good market have become essential requirements for doing business in a difficult market. This new level of counter-party scrutiny has only served to highlight the strength of our business model and validate the value of our global offering. At a tactical level we are better positioned than ever to continue to service our core business in an uncertain market.
At a strategic level, we believe the company has secured a leadership position in a market rich with opportunity across all three of our business segments. The upheaval in the global economy has precipitated tectonic shifts in the energy, transportation and finance industries. Enterprise valuations are at all time lows and good businesses are starved for capital in a climate of unrelenting scarcity of credit. Our strong liquidity position should allow us to capitalize on these conditions as we look to compliment organic growth with strategic acquisitions, as evidenced by the acquisitions of AVCARD in 2007, Texor in 2008 and TGS and Henty Oil thus far in 2009. As we look forward, we will be reviewing additional opportunities to make accretive acquisitions with a focus on our core space of fuel distribution, services and logistics.
For World Fuel, 2008 was a remarkable year. We successfully launched our new ERP system, achieved new milestones in organizational maturity, effectively managed risk in a wildly volatile market and delivered record financial performance. In the most recent Fortune 500 listing, World Fuel was ranked fourth in total return to shareholders for 2008. And, as evidence of our ability to drive long-term shareholder value, we were ranked 11th in total return to shareholders over 10 years. As we look forward, we harbor the same concerns our shareholders have about the tough economic conditions faced by our country and the world and we will continue to engage the marketplace with discipline and caution. But, we take a great deal of comfort in the fact that we enter 2009 with a strong financial foundation. And while we remain cautious about over-promising on our ability to drive growth in this challenging operating environment, it is important to note that we believe the crisis has created significant strategic opportunity for World Fuel. The position we have achieved in the marketplace represents the culmination of years of effort and investment, and we are optimistic about our ability to continue to deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders going forward.
Revenue ($ in millions)
Gross Profit ($ in millions)
Income from Operations ($ in millions)
   $ 602.9 $ 420.7
‘06 ‘07 ‘08
$ 1,299.6
 $ 26.2
‘06 ‘07 ‘08
$ 8.0 $ 6.0
 $ 3.5
$ 1.2
‘06 ‘07 ‘08
$ 1.1
     Paul H. Stebbins Michael J. Kasbar
