   PROVIDING MARINE AND
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
                     Aglobal team animated by a keen sense of shared mission can achieve extraordinary things. Never has this been more clearly demonstrated than it was this last year at World Fuel. The Company reported record levels of revenue, volume and earnings for 2003 and it is with great pride that we applaud each and every one of our people for their contribution to this collec- tive success. Of course, true success is measured in many ways. Certainly, it is about financial per- formance, good corporate governance and transparency. But, as important are the more intangible metrics of success: passion, hard work, integrity, determination, commitment to excellence and a universal appreciation that (as Andy Grove, of Intel Corporation once said) “No one of us is as smart as all of us.” Success is about having a deep-rooted belief that we have something of genuine value to offer our customers, suppliers and partners around the world. Success is projecting confi- dence. Success is building a culture of responsiveness and communication. Success is about solid consistent execution. Success is about the open exchange of ideas and challenging the status quo. Ultimately, success is about character. And it is the character of the people who make up the World Fuel team we most value and appreciate. It is character which informs our sense of corporate citi- zenship and defines our relationship with the market. It is character which will drive this Company’s continued transformation and serve as an essential ingredient in future growth and expansion.
FOR THE YEAR 2003:
For calendar 2003, total revenue for the Company was $2.7 billion, an increase of $764 million, or 40%, versus calendar 2002. The revenue increase was a result of both growth in volume and increased prices. Diluted earnings per share increased by 49% from $1.32 to $1.96. Included in the results for 2002 were the effects of the non-recurring, after- tax charges of the executive severance and a debt settlement. Excluding these non-recurring after-tax charges, diluted earnings per share would have been $1.66 for the calendar year 2002. Our day sales outstanding improved to 25 days, reflecting the continued suc- cess of the Company’s effort to improve the overall quality of its
  Paul H. Stebbins
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Michael J. Kasbar
President and
Chief Operating Officer
accounts receivables.
 2
  
  WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION
 AVIATION
FUEL WORLDWIDE
                    FINANCIAL STRENGTHS:
World Fuel Services is anchored by a solid balance sheet. At December 31, 2003, our cash balance was $76 million, with working capital of $106 million and shareholders’ equity of $148 million. Total assets at World Fuel exceeded $357 million.
On December 19, 2003, the Company announced a new $100 million revolving credit facility with LaSalle Bank, HSBC, Merrill Lynch, Commercebank and IDB. Arranging this facility pro- vided an opportunity for a number of banks to conduct an in-depth review of our financials and our business model and we are pleased that the offering was over-subscribed. We could not be hap- pier with the final list of participating banks and feel confident that they will not only support our current plans for business growth, but will be able to continue to grow with us in the years ahead.
AVIATION DIVISION:
In the aviation segment, 2003 was a year of significant developments across the spectrum. Our corporate flight divi- sion, Baseops, had a very good year with continued growth in the sale of fuel and flight services to a diversified portfo- lio of corporate and commercial customers. Our partnership with Jeppesen continues to grow, has added hundreds of new fuel customers and led to a broader global collaboration with Baseops in international flight services. Closer to home, our partnership with Signature Flight Support has expanded as we increased our volume of supply to their network of FBO’s and worked on joint marketing initiatives with their ASIG division. On the fuel management front, we continued to expand our service offering with the announcement of an out-sourcing agreement with America West and a processing agreement with United Airlines and Morgan Stanley. Both initiatives represent significant strategic developments which will create economies of scale and have enhanced and complimented our core business in the cargo, charter and passenger markets. Looking forward we will continue to grow volume, improve our service offering, focus on helping our customers with price risk management and refine our expertise in processing.
AVIATION
REVENUE
(in millions)
INCOME FROM OPERATIONS (in millions)
                ’02 ’03
’02 ’03
  3
 $615.1
$1,024.8
$18.9 $21.8

   FINANCIALLY AND CULTURALLY
STRONG
                     MARINE DIVISION:
In our marine segment, our global team demonstrated their ability to respond quickly to the changing economic climate. As the shipping indus- try recovered throughout 2003, so did our overall results. Traded volume, sales, gross profit and operating income were all up this year as a direct result of the shift in industry fortunes and the highly focused initiatives of our sales force. And while we continue to grow organically, we also contin- ued to pursue our strategy for growth through acquisition. On April 2, 2004, we were very pleased to announce the acquisition of the Tramp Oil group of companies based in the U.K., one of the largest marine fuel services groups in the market. The acquisition of Tramp, largest in the Company’s history, brings a tremendous team of seasoned professionals, expands our global footprint, increases our market share, adds a complimen- tary portfolio of business and will be accretive to earnings. We are excited about the acquisition and will dedicate the remainder of the year to the challenges of careful integration. Looking forward we will continue to emphasize deeper penetration of global accounts with a focus on our pur- chasing out-source model, supply specialization and custom tailored product offerings in the area of price risk management.
FUTURE OUTLOOK:
MARINE
REVENUE
(in millions)
INCOME FROM OPERATIONS (in millions)
                It is a very exciting time at World Fuel Services Corporation. We are extremely proud of our global team and the outstanding performance delivered by our aviation and marine segments. We have successfully expanded our business model and laid a strong foundation for future growth. With our unique global position, robust service offerings and strong balance sheet, we know that the future holds great promise for World Fuel. And as we grow, we remain committed to transparency, good governance and value creation for our shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners around the world. We also remain committed to creating opportunity and prosperity for our employees while contributing to the global community we serve.
Sincerely,
Paul H. Stebbins Michael J. Kasbar
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
’02 ’03
’02 ’03
  WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION
 4
  $1,283.1 $1,637.0
$13.6
$18.3
