
World
 	LETTER TO
Shareholders
 



 

Paul H. Stebbins
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 



Michael J. Kasbar
President and
Chief Operating Officer
 





To our shareholders:

To be a successful company requires innovation. To be an innovative company requires discipline. To be a disciplined company requires business process. Business process requires teamwork. And teamwork requires collaboration among individuals who share a commitment to excellence at every level of the company.
 

 

"We would like to thank our shareholders for their tremendous support.
Our financial strength, global footprint and powerful business model provide a distinct competitive advantage in the market and represents the key to continued value creation in the future."
 
World Fuel is made up of just such individuals. And never have we been more proud of them than we were in 2005. Their initiative, dedication and tireless effort helped us deliver the strongest performance in the company's history. Net income was up 39%, gross profit increased 37% and our operating efficiency continued to improve. With our equity offering, we fortified our balance sheet, improved liquidity and positioned our­ selves for continued growth across the company.

But our success goes far beyond the usual financial metrics. Our success reflects a
 



2005 World  Fuel Services Annual Report	page2
 



















 
validation of strategy. Over the past four years we have worked to reposition the company in the market, refine our value- proposition and invest in people, process and  systems  to  drive  the   outcome. The result of this effort has been transformative.

As an asset-light provider of fuel and related services, logistics and credit finance, we have benefited from increased demand for our offering from customers and suppliers alike. Our customers rely on World Fuel to be a strong, transparent counterparty with deep domain expertise in the world’s volatile markets. We help them manage their exposure to volatile fuel prices and operational risk while reducing their overall operating costs. Our supply partners rely on us to market their products, de-risk their portfolios and rationalize their back-office processing.

Our global volume has helped us achieve a certain degree of critical mass and benefit from our intense focus on global
 
supply. We have created a strong platform for continued growth in 2006 and see opportunity to expand our offering in every part of our business.

We would like to thank our shareholders for their tremendous support. Our financial strength, global footprint and powerful business model provide a distinct competitive advantage in the market and represents the key to continued value creation in the future.

Very truly yours,




Paul H. Stebbins
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer




Michael J. Kasbar
President and Chief Operating Officer
 




2005 World Fuel Services Annual Report	page 3
