        To Our Shareholders
2009 was another exceptional year for World Fuel Services. In addition to posting record earnings, we closed and integrated two strategic acquisitions, doubled our dividend, and further enhanced business processes and commercial execution. All of these efforts combined, delivered a 44% total return to shareholders in 2009. Returns on equity, invested capital and working capital were robust and we ended the year with close to three quarters of a billion dollars in shareholder equity and a very strong cash and overall liquidity position. Given the extraordinarily difficult operating environment last year, we are very proud of our results.
Most people would agree that 2009 was a year we are glad to see behind us. It was a year fraught with economic uncertainty and doubt about the future - a year in which the world slipped into a deep systemic recession, unemployment rates relentlessly climbed, and the markets were in a constant state of turmoil. De-leveraging the U.S. economy is proving to be a long and painful process and we will be feeling the effects for years to come. The simple reality is we cannot consume our way out of this slump. We face a huge national debt, entitlement programs which threaten to overwhelm the budget and a political system which seems paralyzed. The collateral damage to the world economy is profound and no one is immune to the effects. These are serious issues, but it is important to keep in mind that there is also good news to consider. Corporate America is flush with cash and beginning to hire. Large banks have stabilized and lending is on the rise. And consumer debt levels continue to come down. This bodes well as we start the path to recovery and work to stimulate global trade.
Those familiar with the energy and transportation industries know well that the operating environment in 2009 was particularly challenging with shipping companies losing between $20 and $30 billion and the aviation industry losing an estimated $11 billion. Faced with a deep recession and the corresponding sharp drop in global trade, fuel costs and credit concerns featured prominently for transportation companies and other
ÒGiven the extraordinarily difficult operating environment last year, we are very proud of our results.Ó
- Paul H. Stebbins
users of fuel. At the same time, many of our customers were challenged with declining asset values, and concerns about the uncertain outlook for global trade. Meanwhile, the oil industry struggled under the pressure of collapsing refining margins, reduced demand and systemic concerns about credit risk. In this environment our efficient global distribution platform provided a reliable conduit for suppliers trying to manage access to safe ratable demand. For our customers, World Fuel represented safe harbor as they sought a reliable source of supply, competitive pricing, quality service and financial support.
In our marine segment we faced a special set of market circumstances as we entered the year. With the majority of world trade moving by sea, the global recession hit the shipping industry hard. Most large container fleets reported significant losses and a few risked outright failure as asset values collapsed. Most worked to renegotiate new building programs and delay taking delivery of additional ships. While the market appeared to stabilize somewhat towards the end of the year, our view, consistent with general market sentiment, is that we do not expect any meaningful recovery until 2011. The tanker market also felt the pain of volatile freight rates and erratic demand as energy consumption remained weak. The one bright spot was the bulk market which benefited from continuing demand for raw materials driven largely by China which continues to make large scale investments in infrastructure.
World Fuel was not immune to the reduction in demand for fuel experienced throughout the marine industry in 2009. But the strategy we launched 4 years ago to improve the quality of our customer portfolio allowed us to gain market share and avoid the losses experienced by some of our competitors. Over the past 2 years it has often been said that a crisis is a terrible thing to waste. Ahead of the crisis, we took proactive measures to protect our balance sheet and enhance commercial execution with a heightened focus on risk adjusted returns. The results are clear. A strong coordinated commercial initiative supported by

   technology and a strong functional team navigated a difficult market and achieved great performance. This will serve us well as the economy rebounds and global trade recovers.
In our aviation segment, we grew volume and improved profitability in the second half of the year. This performance reflected the success of a deliberate strategy to diversify our mix of business in the commercial aviation market and further develop specialty markets such as government sales. Over the course of the year, we increased our investment in our self-supply model which led to improved profitability and accelerated volume growth with limited incremental risk. As the oil companies conspicuously ramped up their programs to shed assets and retreat from airports, we saw opportunities to expand our supply position both domestically and overseas. Within the past six months we have added senior supply specialists in Europe and the Middle East and enhanced a number of our supply partnerships. As we look forward our strategy is to continue to refine our sales and marketing initiative as we build more depth in logistics and supply.
In our land segment the combination of our Texor business with the acquisition of TGS and Henty as well as organic growth resulted in record results. On the international front, our Henty acquisition has opened up new land markets for us in the U.K. and our operations in Brazil showed promising results. We are very excited about the progress we have made in the development of our land business and will continue to target additional strategic opportunities in this space in 2010.
As we look back on 2009, we are gratified to see our strategy worked. Our ability to execute was tested and we performed well. Our business model has become easier to understand for the investment community and we are spending more time in communicating
how our business model works and our strategy going forward. Throughout 2009 it was suggested from time to time that our success over the past 2 years was all about serendipity Ð that our performance was only a function of one-off market anomalies and that any return to a normalized stasis in the economy and the credit markets would revive our competitors and undermine our profitability. Fortunately, the truth is more prosaic. Our success and consistency of performance throughout this period can be attributed to far more than tight credit and wounded competitors.
The success and transformation of World Fuel
is, at its core, about executing well against a
strategy we embarked on 4 years ago and is now
bearing fruit. We have invested years of hard work
and financial resources in building out the best
commercial team in our industry supported by a
mature and robust functional support structure.
This allows us to respond quickly to fast changing
market opportunities while preserving a tight
risk management discipline. We did this while
investing heavily in technology which supports
robust sales and marketing initiatives and much
faster decision making on supply. We have tightly
focused our sales and supply functions which has
been central to our ability to efficiently buy and
competitively sell fuel. Through our intensified focus on supply, we have developed a richer understanding of markets while improving our operational excellence both of which are critical to delivering high level service to our customers and suppliers. We have used technology and business process improvement to drive cost discipline and realize additional value from the market. And we have been developing our physical logistics competencies across all three segments to create
additional value. We have aggressively worked to strengthen our balance sheet, improve liquidity, and expand our business development activity - all of which are critical to driving organic and strategic growth. All of this has been developed with patience and strategic deliberation over many years to secure our position in the supply chain and enable World Fuel to become an indispensable fixture in providing value to the energy and transportation industries. Our performance speaks for itself and we are excited about the future.
As we look forward, we believe the credit markets will remain tight as the banks build their capital reserves and focus on lower risk strategic customers. Access to capital, quality of balance sheet and technology will continue to be significant competitive differentiators in the market. Our strategy is to continue to expand and fortify our position in the global supply chain as we use our financial, operational and commercial expertise to add value to the global energy and transportation industries. Our plan is to stay focused on tight execution as we manage risk, take market share, grow earnings and pursue strategic opportunities. We are optimistic about our ability to grow and continue to deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders going forward.
  Paul H. Stebbins
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Michael J. Kasbar
President and Chief Operating Officer
          - Michael J. Kasbar
5
 