Letter From Your CEO
In 2007, we continued to focus on extending
our product leadership; leveraging our world-class process technology and manufacturing capabilities; and creating a more efficient, customer-oriented Intel. Our fiscal year results reflect the significant progress we have made in all of these areas.
Revenue in 2007 was $38.3 billion, up 8% over 2006. Our operating income was $8.2 billion, up 45% over 2006. Net income for 2007 was $7 billion, up 38% over 2006. Our cash dividend payout reached a record $2.6 billion, and we announced a 13% increase in our cash dividend beginning in the first quarter of 2008.
Renewed focus on core strengths
We have renewed our focus on leveraging two core strengths that distinguish Intel from the rest of our industry: the Intel® architecture and our unmatched ability to bring cutting-edge technologies to market year after year. As part of renewing our focus, we have divested several smaller operations—including those related to application processing, optical, and certain telecom products—and are contributing the assets of our NOR flash memory business to a newly formed independent company, Numonyx. At the same time, we are investing
in new areas where we believe the application of highly integrated Intel architecture affords large growth opportunities, such as:
• Energy-efficient, low-cost mobile Internet devices and ultra-mobile
PCs that enable people to communicate, enjoy digital media, and
access the Internet wirelessly.
• New types of consumer electronics devices that combine entertain-
ment functions with Internet connectivity.
• Scalable, high-performance visual computing solutions that integrate
vivid graphics and supercomputing performance for scientific,
financial services, and other compute-intensive applications.
• Low-cost PCs designed to meet the needs of first-time computer
users, particularly in emerging markets.
Advancing corporate responsibility
More and more, the global need for energy efficiency is affecting everything we do—from how we build and operate our facilities to how we design our products. We topped Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine’s “10 Best Corporate Citizens by Industry 2007” list for technology hardware companies, and were the Technology Market Supersector Leader of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the seventh consecutive year. Such recognition acknowledges our global health and safety, community, and education programs, as well as
our efforts to reduce our impact on the environment.
Ground-breaking products and processes
We have established a roadmap for sustained technology leadership through our “tick-tock” strategy of introducing a new silicon process technology approximately every two years and ramping the next generation of microarchitecture in the intervening years.
Our 45-nanometer (nm) processors, launched in November 2007, were designed from the ground up with energy efficiency in mind.
As of the end of February 2008, we offered more than 30 of these processors, which are built using Intel 45nm Hi-k metal gate silicon technology, an entirely new transistor composition that minimizes electrical leakage and enables us to continue the pace of innovation. They boast nearly twice the transistor density—up to 820 million transistors for quad-core processors—compared to previous chips built on our 65nm technology, and have set a number of records on key industry performance benchmarks, while consuming less power. These eco-friendly processors are also manufactured using a lead-free process.
We are on track to ship our new, highly innovative microarchitec- ture—code-named “Nehalem”—in 2008, extending our lead in both performance and power. We have also already demonstrated our 32nm process technology, scheduled for introduction in 2009.
Strong demand for our products
Throughout 2007, we saw robust demand for our products across multiple business segments and geographies. In November 2006, we launched the industry’s first quad-core processors, and by the end of 2007, we had shipped more than 6 million quad-core units. In 2007, we completed our transition to the Intel® CoreTM microarchitecture, delivering its energy-efficient performance benefits across our entire desktop, mobile, and server processor lines.
Our integrated platforms—which combine Intel processors and other technologies to address specific user needs—continue to provide value that customers can’t get elsewhere. Platform products such as those built with Intel® Centrino® processor technologies have enabled us to take advantage of the worldwide shift from desktop to mobility products, contributing to revenue growth in that segment of 19% year over year.
Building on 40 years of innovation
We have also made significant progress on improving efficiency across all of our business operations. For example, during 2007 we achieved our goal to reduce the amount of time it takes to process wafers in our factories by 50%. We recognized savings of about two and a
half billion dollars in 2007 and expect additional savings in 2008 as a result of our ongoing efficiency efforts. In addition, our 2007 customer survey results indicate significant improvements in our customer service and responsiveness.
I am extremely proud of our employees, and as we approach our 40th anniversary in July 2008, I have no doubt that they will continue to carry on Intel’s unwavering commitment to moving technology forward and creating products that change people’s lives.
Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer
  
 Letter From Your Chairman
Our competitive position is the strongest it
has been in years. Demand for our industry- leading products and manufacturing technol- ogies helped drive strong revenue and earnings growth in 2007, and our efforts to increase operational efficiencies resulted in substantial
savings. We repurchased more than 111 million shares of stock, reported a record cash dividend payout, and announced a 13% increase in our cash dividend.
Despite these positive results and an approximate 32% increase in our stock price during 2007, we saw our stock price fall subsequent to year-end, due in part to market concerns about a slowdown in the U.S. economy and a potential slowing computer marketplace. We have an increasingly international business profile—with about 70% of our products going to non-U.S. markets—but our stock price continues to be closely coupled to the U.S. economic outlook.
Our strategy has been, and continues to be, to invest in new products, technologies, and business efficiencies regardless of the ups and downs of economic cycles. Currently, we are investing to further expand our business in emerging markets and to develop products for market segments that we believe offer growth opportunities, such
as mobile Internet devices, consumer electronics, advanced graphics, and low-cost PCs.
Looking back on 2007, I am reminded of the profound effects that our industry has on people across the globe. Through the Intel World Ahead Program, we are seeing examples of these effects.
This program integrates and extends our efforts to provide people in emerging markets with technology training and access to affordable, connected PCs to improve education, healthcare, and economic development. On a recent trip to Baramati, a village in western India, I saw how technology is changing communities. The schools have few computers, but the villagers’ desire for technology is strong. Local authorities have turned school buses into traveling computer labs, bringing technology to different schools on various days. I asked a 10-year-old girl what her favorite subject was, and she responded,
“Tuesday.” She said Tuesday was the day the PC bus came to her school, and it was the highlight of her week.
We also collaborate with business and government organizations, such as the World Economic Forum and the United Nations, to help expand the positive impact that technology can have globally. Together, we are not only working to improve lives, but also sowing the seeds for our future business—a true win-win proposition.
I believe we are well-positioned to continue to lead our industry in both business and corporate responsibility. We entered 2008 with what I believe is the best combination of products, silicon technology, and manufacturing leadership in our history. Our investments should allow us to take advantage of new growth opportunities worldwide.
2007 Highlights
  Intel 45nm Hi-k metal gate silicon technology:
One of the “Best
inventions of the year.” TIME Magazine
  Core Strengths
We are investing in new product areas, such as mobile Internet devices and ultra-mobile PCs, that leverage two of our core strengths: Intel® architecture and our cutting-edge manufacturing technology.
Technology Impact
Through the Intel World Ahead Program, we continue to demonstrate the
impact that our technology can have
on improving education, healthcare, economic development, and governance around the world.
Platform Advantage
By combining Intel® processors and other technologies in platform products, we provide added value that customers can’t get elsewhere, allowing us to
take advantage of trends such as the worldwide shift to mobility.
  Energy Efficiency
The global need to reduce power usage contributed to strong demand through- out the year for our products based
on the energy-efficient Intel® CoreTM microarchitecture, including those for compute-intensive server applications.
 Craig R. Barrett, Chairman of the Board
