                                 2006 Highlights
Products based on the new Intel® CoreTM microarchitecture set energy-efficient performance records across desktop, mobile, and server lines.
We build the majority of Intel® processors using industry-leading, 65-nanometer technology, giving us both cost and performance advantages.
We analyzed all of our operations in 2006 and implemented a broad restructuring program to cut costs and create a more agile, competitive Intel.
The Intel World Ahead Program enhances lives in emerging markets through technology education and access to affordable, connected PCs.
Letter From Your CEO
2006 was a tough year financially for Intel, but
a great year for product introductions. We faced increasing competition, and our revenue declined due to greater than normal pricing pressure. Although we ended the year on a strong note and reported our 20th consecutive year of profitability,
our 2006 revenue of $35.4 billion was down 9% and our operating profit of $5.7 billion was down 53% compared to 2005. We responded during the year by launching a comprehensive structure and efficiency review, and by implementing a broad restructuring effort aimed at cutting costs and creating a more nimble, customer-oriented Intel. We also accelerated the introduction of new products, leading the industry into an era of energy-efficient, multi-core computing and ending the year with one of the strongest product lineups in our history.
Taking action for the long term
Our restructuring process includes cutting non-essential programs and improving organizational breadth and depth. These actions contributed to an overall decline in headcount of 8,400 from mid-2006 to the end of the year, and we expect headcount to decline by an additional 2,100 by mid-2007.
To sharpen our focus on our core businesses, we also divested several operations, including certain assets of our communications and application processor business. This action impacted the future utiliza- tion of Fab 23 in Colorado, which has been put up for sale.
We also made public an innovative process for sustained technology leadership in microprocessors wherein we plan to introduce a new microarchitecture approximately every two years and ramp the next generation of silicon process technology in the intervening years, giving us a roadmap for continuous improvement in our major product lines.
We expect that these combined actions will improve our competitive position significantly over the next decade, and will save Intel approxi- mately $2 billion in 2007 and about $3 billion annually beginning in 2008.
Record-breaking processors
During the second half of the year, we launched more than 40 new micro- processors, including those based on the Intel® CoreTM microarchitecture. This new microarchitecture raises the bar for energy-efficient performance across dual- and quad-core desktop, mobile, and server products. Compared to processors with only one core, those with two or more cores are designed to deliver higher system throughput and simultaneous
management of activities, while balancing power requirements.
In June, we launched the first Intel Core microarchitecture-based product, the Intel® Xeon® processor 5100 series, for general-purpose,
high-volume servers and workstations. We quickly followed with the July launch of 10 dual-core desktop and mobile processors under
the Intel® CoreTM2 Duo brand. According to multiple independent review organizations, such as AnandTech.com, these new processors broke performance records and surpassed competitive offerings, while consuming less power, in many industry-standard benchmarks. Market response to these products has been swift; by the end of 2006, we had shipped more than 2 million units of the Intel Xeon processor 5100 series and more than 17 million Intel Core 2 Duo processors.
We also unveiled five products in the Dual-Core Intel® Itanium® 2 processor 9000 series, designed for the most sophisticated, high-end computing platforms in the world. The Itanium® architecture continues to gain momentum in the marketplace—annual revenue for Itanium processors reached a new high in 2006.
We capped the year by launching the industry’s first quad-core processors, for desktop PCs and mainstream servers and workstations. With four computing “brains,” these products are designed for digital media creation, high-end gaming, and other applications that demand both high performance and energy efficiency.
Extending our manufacturing leadership
World-class, high-volume manufacturing remains crucial to our ability to deliver breakthrough products. We produce the majority of our micro- processors in our three 65-nanometer wafer fabrication facilities. In fact, we shipped more than 70 million 65-nanometer processors during 2006, with a production ramp rate that is over one year ahead of the rest of the industry.
Each new generation of process technology allows us to build products that cost less to manufacture, have improved performance and energy efficiency, and offer more capabilities. We have completed develop- ment and are scheduled to begin production on our next-generation 45-nanometer technology in the second half of 2007. We have already demonstrated five different 45-nanometer microprocessors for all major market segments, running five industry-standard operating systems.
Platforms address real needs
We remain committed to delivering integrated platforms, which combine Intel processors and other technologies, such as complementary chipsets

       and communications chips—all optimized to work together. Our platforms are designed to address the differing needs of consumers, business owners, and IT professionals.
In 2006, we launched three major platforms:
• Intel® Centrino® Duo mobile technology platform, which is designed
to deliver improved, more energy-efficient performance compared
to previous generations of Intel® Centrino® mobile technology.
• Intel® vProTM technology platform, the first PC platform optimized
exclusively for business and IT customers, offering improved security,
manageability, performance, and energy efficiency.
• Intel® ViivTM technology platform, which enhances the entertainment
experience for people in the digital home by making it easier to download, manage, and share digital programming on a television, PC, handheld product, or other device.
Looking ahead
We design our platforms and processors for core market segments where we believe large growth opportunities continue to exist: mobile, digital enterprise, digital home, and healthcare. We also invest in programs that help enable the computing ecosystem in emerging markets. For example, the Intel World Ahead Program launched in May 2006 is aimed
Letter From Your Chairman
The experiences of the last year have again demonstrated the basic fundamentals of our industry. When we have technology and manu- facturing leadership, we deliver products that succeed in the marketplace. We started the year without clear technology leadership in our
main product lines, but as Paul Otellini describes in his letter above, the situation improved dramatically through the year with the introduction of a new microarchitecture for our processor products. We reestablished Intel as the performance leader in essentially all categories of computing and strengthened our competitive position in the marketplace. We also took actions to maintain and extend our technology leadership.
The Board of Directors understands that Intel’s owners are looking for increased stockholder value as the measure of our efforts. At Intel, we know that linking executive compensation to corporate performance best represents the interests of stockholders. Therefore, Intel’s cash compensation system has a large variable component, paying higher than market with excellent corporate performance and lower than market when performance lags. Intel employees with the highest responsibility and authority have the highest variability in their cash and equity compensation. Accordingly, since our 2006 financial performance declined from 2005, our executive compensation for 2006 fell below the previous year’s levels. In 2007, the Board approved and submitted to stockholders a redesigned cash incentive plan for executives to replace the existing plan. The redesigned plan further defines the link
at boosting access to technology in emerging markets by introducing affordable PCs tailored to meet the needs of people in different geog- raphies; extending wireless broadband Internet access, even to remote rural regions, through deployment of the wireless technology known
as WiMAX; and broadening technology education programs for both teachers and students.
Several trends bode well for our future, including the increasing popularity of ultra-mobile devices that demand higher performance, full access to the Internet, significantly lower power consumption, and smaller form factors. In addition, new operating systems, more lifelike games, and online high-definition video all drive the need for processing power.
Our restructuring efforts, coupled with our strong product lineup, position us to compete aggressively in these growth areas.
I would like to express my tremendous appreciation to our employees for their continuing dedication through the ups and downs of 2006. Their determination and accomplishments were nothing short of remarkable.
Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer
between compensation and the company’s absolute financial perfor- mance, relative performance against benchmark companies, success against operational goals, and the executive’s individual performance.
The Board also understands that its own performance should be graded by the owners, and in 2006 improved the tools for that task by adopting a majority-vote standard for uncontested director elections. Under this standard, director candidates may receive both “For” and
“Against” votes, and may fail to be elected even when running unopposed. The majority-vote standard gives stockholders another way to hold directors accountable for the performance of the Board and the company.
The Board also authorized an increase in our cash dividend payout to $0.1125 per share per quarter, based on Intel’s continued ability to generate cash and its confidence in corporate performance going forward.
In closing, I would like to recognize the departure of a veteran Board member and the arrival of a new member. E. John P. Browne, Group Chief Executive of BP plc, has retired from Intel’s Board after nearly
10 years of service. Lord Browne brought a wealth of international business experience to Board deliberations, and his contributions will be missed. Susan L. Decker, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration, and Chief Financial Officer of Yahoo!, has joined our Board and will provide expertise in business directions for the Internet industry. We welcome Susan and wish John the best in his future endeavors.
 