Letter From Your CEO
Intel is evolving from a PC company to one that powers the infrastructure for an increasingly smart and connected world. While 2015 started with challenges in PC market demand as well as macroeconomic and currency conditions, we finished the year strong. Our financials demonstrate a strategy that’s working and provide a solid foundation for growth.
Intel reported full-year revenue of $55.4 billion, which was nearly flat versus 2014. Record revenue in the data center, Internet of Things, and memory businesses mostly offset the decline in PC demand. These businesses made up 40% of our revenue and delivered $2.2 billion in profitable revenue growth. This was the first year that these growth areas made up the majority of our operating profit. We also sharpened the focus of our Intel Security Group and exceeded our previously stated goal of improving mobile profitability by $800 million.
Intel’s business model is evolving
While the client computing business will continue to be a valuable source of cash flow and intellectual property (IP), our business model is evolving. The data center and Internet of Things businesses are the primary growth engines for Intel, and memory and field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) can accelerate these opportunities—forming and fueling a virtuous cycle of growth.
The ability to integrate and reuse IP across a broad portfolio of products also differentiates our strategy and allows us to evolve in new ways. We reuse IP from our client computing business, for example. We also plan to reuse the IP we gained with our acquisition of Altera to deliver a new class of integrated microprocessor and FPGA products for our data center and Internet of Things customers.
Expanding the boundaries of technology
Intel’s relentless pursuit of Moore’s Law is foundational to our strategy and another valuable differentiator. Our manufacturing leadership allows us to continuously push the limits of performance and functionality. As a result, we expand the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. I’m proud that in addition to delivering solid financials that demonstrate our evolution, we delivered innovation. We launched our best processor ever—the 14-nanometer 6th generation Intel® CoreTM processor—and a new, low-power Intel® CurieTM processor for wearables and other Internet of Things devices. We also announced 3D XPointTM technology, a revolutionary new class of memory, and kicked off an ambitious cloud computing initiative that is accelerating public, private, and hybrid cloud adoption.
Setting challenging goals to evolve how we do business
At Intel, we also tackle significant societal challenges, setting transparent and ambitious goals to address corporate responsibility issues. In 2015, we launched our Diversity and Inclusion initiative, setting a bold hiring and retention goal
to achieve full1 representation of women and underrepresented minorities in Intel’s U.S. workforce by 2020. I’m also incredibly proud that a thorough compensation analysis showed we’re at 100% gender pay parity for U.S. employees
across job types and levels.2 In addition, we continued our efforts to establish a conflict-free3 supply chain for Intel products. Maintaining accountability in the supply chain will be an ongoing process for Intel.
A strong foundation for growth
In 2015, we delivered results that showed our strategy is working. As we move forward, we will continue to focus on flawless execution and making amazing experiences possible. We’ll also broaden our data center and Internet of Things product portfolios with the Altera acquisition. In summary, we’ll continue pivoting to power the infrastructure for the smart and connected world as we diversify beyond our PC business. We’ve built a strong foundation for long-term growth for the company, but there’s more work to do to continue Intel’s evolution.
Brian M. Krzanich, Chief Executive Officer
Past performance does not guarantee future results. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially. Risk factors that could cause actual results to differ are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section and throughout our 2015 Form 10-K, which is included in this Annual Report. These risk factors are subject to update by our future filings and submissions with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and earnings releases.
1 Full representation (or full workforce representation) is the point at which Intel’s workforce in the U.S. matches the supply of skilled talent available (market availability) for current roles at Intel.
2 Parity is the quality or state of being equal or equivalent. Data does not include subsidiaries.
3 “Conflict free” as used here refers to supply chains whose sources of conflict minerals (tantalum, tin, tungsten and/or gold) do not, based on our due diligence, finance or benefit
    armed groups in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries. Additional information about Intel’s conflict-free efforts is available at conflictfree.intel.com.
