                7 | 2012 INTL FCStone Annual Report
CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT
In fiscal year 2012, INTL FCStone experienced
a second consecutive year of record adjusted operating revenues, more than 12 percent higher than last year’s mark. Adjusted shareholder equity and adjusted net value per share outstanding also increased over the previous fiscal year. The continued growth in operating revenues and shareholder value is a convincing indication that the company’s business model is a strong and effective one.
The company’s business strategy was tested
as never before by an unprecedented series
of events beginning in October, 2011 with the collapse of Futures Commission Merchant (FCM) MF Global. As one of the most high-profile organizations in the FCM space, MF Global’s improper use of customer margin funds, and
the subsequent losses suffered by many of its customers, gave the entire listed futures industry – which had long emphasized the inviolability
of margin accounts – a credibility issue with its customers. Less than ten months later, another well-known FCM, Peregrine Financial Group, shut its doors suddenly amid allegations of financial fraud, with a significant shortfall in customer funds.
While the demise of MF Global in particular removed a substantial competitor of ours from the playing field, it also contributed to a loss
of confidence in the markets that was among several factors resulting in lower trading volumes overall for FCMs and exchanges.
At the same time, the financial industry faced a number of wrenching regulatory adjustments. Chief among these was the implementation
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which required expensive, complex and far-reaching changes
in many areas of the industry, particularly in the marketing of Over-the-Counter (OTC) derivatives.
The ongoing global financial weakness, the slowdown in the growth of commodity prices and commodity volatility, and the long-term drought in the Midwestern United States also contributed to the turmoil and uncertainty facing the commodities industry worldwide.
However, the board and executive management remain convinced that we have a strategy and
a business model that remains relevant in the current difficult environment – providing a high-
“The continued growth in operating revenues and shareholder value
is a convincing indication that the company’s business model is a strong and effective one.”
touch value-added service to mid-sized, mainly commercial organizations looking to hedge their financial risks and gain efficient access to financial markets. As a relationship business,
we focus our expertise, capital and systems on providing thoughtful and strategic financial solutions to these organizations with the intent of creating long-term relationships with them – and, at the same time, annuities for our business.
In many ways, this is an old-fashioned approach that has become increasingly uncommon in an industry focused on high-frequency trading, automation and a preoccupation with scale rather than service. Nonetheless, we believe our strategy works. Thanks to our unique customer- centric approach, and to our diversification across a broad range of niche financial services, we remain profitable and continue to exhibit strong growth as customers increasingly recognize us as a credible solution provider.
Our growth has also been aided by the consolidation of the industry and the resulting reallocation of capital, as business models reliant on high degrees of leverage, outright speculative or proprietary trading or the interposing of a brokerage function between a customer and
an exchange without adding value have been effectively eliminated. Our business model, which has never been reliant on any of these

                failed methodologies, has allowed us to earn more revenue from companies looking for high value-added alternatives.
In addition, during this challenging period, INTL FCStone made adjustments when necessary and seized opportunities where possible. At
the beginning of fiscal year 2012, we acquired virtually the entire MF Global Metals Division team – considered by most the crown jewel of the MF Global operation – following its parent company’s dissolution. As a direct result of this acquisition, INTL FCStone was able to upgrade its status on the London Metal Exchange
to a complete Category One Ring Dealing Membership. During the year, we also made substantial investments in other parts of our London operations, including the acquisition of the London-based TRX Group, a brokerage and clearing firm for commercial coffee and cocoa customers that also offered energy and financial products.
“As we continue to reap the benefits of our recent acquisitions and an ongoing consolidation of competitors in the FCM space, we are likely to see even greater customer and revenue growth going forward.”
The TRX purchase was one of several fiscal year 2012 initiatives designed to consolidate our industry-leading expertise in soft commodities, including the acquisition of Coffee Network, a subscription-based news and analysis site that was consolidated with our existing dairy and cotton subscription news services to create Commodity Network; and the expansion of
our agricultural and softs trading capabilities in Shanghai and in other locations around the world.
Late in fiscal year 2012, we announced the acquisition of the institutional customers of
Tradewire, a Miami-based securities business
with deep and broad institutional relationships throughout Latin America and Europe. The transaction was closed in mid-December, 2012.
As part of our Company, this group will now be able to offer our full range of products, including securities execution, foreign exchange, futures and investment banking services.
These acquisitions, as well as our ongoing and proactive efforts to adjust to the changing industry landscape, and an ongoing consolidation of competitors, resulted in record transaction volumes in our key businesses — despite generally lower industry volumes — greater awareness of our services and a record pace of new-account openings.
Today, INTL FCStone offers a range of capabilities that is unmatched by any other financial services organization in the world, including:
• Strategic risk-management advisory services for our commercial customer base to protect and enhance bottom-line earnings despite volatile financial and commodities markets;
• General corporate finance and investment banking capabilities related to capital transactions, as well as mergers and acquisitions, valuations, and other transactions;
• Clearing, prime brokerage and execution services for a wide range of exchanges around the world in all commodity verticals;
• A full spectrum of foreign exchange, global payments and treasury services;
• A full range of OTC vanilla and structured products to provide more complex and customized risk-management solutions for our customers;
• Physical trading of precious and base metals and select agricultural products, including off-take from our customers and the sourcing of product on their behalf;
• Customer execution in international and domestic securities.
8 | 2012 INTL FCStone Annual Report

                9 | 2012 INTL FCStone Annual Report
With an emphasis on customized, hands-on customer service on behalf of under-served, under-banked and mostly middle-market companies in all industries in emerging markets and developed economies alike, INTL FCStone has created a resilient and effective service model that is likely to continue to serve us and our shareholders well as the industry continues to navigate through stormy seas.
“The experience of the past few years has surely taught everyone in the commodities industry that change is a constant, and only those organizations that have the resources and the strategic strength to anticipate and respond to this change are likely to prosper.”
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Management believes that the best way to assess our financial performance is on a fully marked- to-market basis. Our Form 10-K, included in this Annual Report, provides a detailed reconciliation of these numbers to the audited numbers.
During fiscal year 2012, we weathered an unprecedentedly difficult macroeconomic and industry environment to produce largely positive results. We believe that these results are a
strong indication that the acquisitions and other strategic moves we have made over the past few years, as well as our customer-centric business model, are the right approach for these markets and these times.
Fiscal year 2012 adjusted operating revenues, marked-to-market, were $464.5 million, an all- time record, and the latest in an unbroken record of revenue growth since 2006.
Adjusted net income attributable to INTL FCStone common stockholders was $19.2 million, a decline of 40% from last fiscal year, primarily due to a significant increase in non- interest costs, which were up 21% over the prior year. The increase in non-interest costs is primarily attributable to recent acquisitions and to the investments in IT, infrastructure, offices and personnel necessary to support and grow these new operating units.
INTL FCStone’s return on average adjusted stockholders’ equity (ROE) was 6.1%, a result that we consider to be disappointing in light of our stated intentions to achieve a minimum 15% ROE. It is our intention to continue to focus in the coming fiscal year on bringing this key metric in line with our expectations.
At $426.8 million, our non-interest costs increased over the prior fiscal year, as we continue to experience significant costs relating to our recent acquisitions and the costs of personnel, IT and infrastructure. Interest expense was $11.6 million.
At the end of fiscal year 2012, INTL FCStone had 19.0 million shares outstanding, with a market capitalization of $362.1 million. Book value per outstanding share on an adjusted basis was $17.32, up 7% from last year’s $16.17 and up 21% from the value of two years ago of $14.31.
We concluded the year with adjusted shareholders’ equity of $328.7 million, and total assets of $3.0 billion, compared to $2.6 billion the previous year. We remain very liquid, with approximately 94 percent of our company’s assets in cash; and deposits and receivables from exchange-clearing organizations, counterparties and customers, and financial instruments owned, at fair value.
As of September 30, 2012, we had committed bank facilities of $385 million, of which $218.2 million was outstanding.
Over a five-year period, management believes that our strategy has delivered outstanding growth to our shareholders both in absolute

                terms as well as in terms of Compound Annual Growth (CAG). Over the last five years, the
CAG of adjusted operating revenues increased 46%, the CAG of net income from continuing operations before tax increased 15%, the CAG of shareholders’ equity increased 43% and the CAG of net book value per share increased 21%.
A more detailed description of each of our
five operating segments is included under the Management Discussion and Analysis section of the attached 10-K filing.
“While we cannot predict the future, we do know that we are as well- positioned as anyone in the industry to take advantage of future trends and to build a stable and enduring business while operating on a business model that is unmatched by any other firm.”
LOOKING FORWARD
The experience of the past few years has surely taught everyone in the commodities industry that change is a constant, and only those organizations that have the resources and the strategic strength to anticipate and respond to this change are likely to prosper.
Over the past year, INTL FCStone has put what could fairly be described as a monumental amount of effort into preparing for, and adjusting to, the new trading, legal and compliance environment necessitated by the implementation of Dodd Frank. At the same time, we have continued to be aggressive in our pursuit of new business and new opportunities.
As our operating revenues indicate, these efforts have largely paid off thus far, though it is our belief that it will take another year or
two for INTL FCStone and its shareholders to fully recognize the benefits of our strategic and financial investments. While we cannot predict the future, we do know that we are as well- positioned as anyone in the industry to take advantage of future trends and to build a stable and enduring business while operating on a business model that is unmatched by any other firm.
Members of the management team are significant shareholders of the company and have their interests aligned with those of our shareholders. Our clear, unwavering focus on customers has continued to be validated through positive financial results in a very difficult market, and through the growth and expansion of our franchise.
At the end of fiscal year 2012, INTL FCStone paid a fond farewell to Pete Anderson, the firm’s President, who formally retired as an executive, though he will continue as a consultant and
a member of our Board of Directors. Pete’s integrity, his stature in the industry and his strategic vision will continue to guide us in the years ahead.
The executive management team would like to thank all of our colleagues for their exceptional contributions during this challenging year,
our Board and advisors for their guidance, our bankers for their financial support and our shareholders for entrusting their capital to us.
SEAN M. O’CONNOR
Chief Executive Officer
10 | 2012 INTL FCStone Annual Report
