                 2015 | Annual Report
As we look back at the 2015 fiscal year, we have every reason to feel gratified about our results
and confident about the coming year. While we can always perform better and will never become complacent, it is fitting at this juncture to reflect with some degree of satisfaction on our results and on the long-term strategies that led us to where we are today.
Among the many strategically driven initiatives we either completed or substantially advanced during FY2015 was a successfully completed consolidation of four of our U.S. subsidiaries, a complex process that is already yielding more effective utilization of our capital resources and more efficient and streamlined service for our clients.
We also acquired a fixed income firm, G.X. Clarke, resulting in an immediate accretive effect on our earnings; continued our implementation of an interest-rate management program that has already returned substantial results; and continued to develop and expand our core strategy of providing advisory services and risk management to middle market companies across the globe. Lastly, we have instituted a comprehensive sales process in an effort to expand our market share in new regions and industries, and to increase our business with new customers as well as existing ones.
There also have been a number of gradual but perceptible changes in macroeconomic trends working in our favor over the past fiscal year, including an increase in market volatility to more-normal levels after the abnormal events following recent years’ financial crises. In addition, new regulations, while costly and difficult to implement, made our competitive space less attractive for major banks and more expensive and difficult for smaller FCMs, even while we have made a concerted and successful effort over the past few years to adjust to this new regulatory environment.
As a result of all of these factors – and of the hard work of our dedicated employees around the globe – we experienced an approximate 34% increase in net operating revenues and an approximate 189% increase in net income. The return on equity was 15%, both a major achievement and an attractive alternative to the risk-free one year treasury, which is currently returning approximately 70 basis points! This performance did not go unnoticed and our stock price appreciated approximately 90% over the past 12 months, an indication that our investors and the market recognize that we are moving in the right direction and beginning to reap the benefits of hard work, the implementation of strategic initiatives and our emphasis on core disciplines.
Taken all together, we have every reason to be highly optimistic about our future as a firm, just so long as we continue to focus on our strengths, maintain our commitment to serving our customers, and continue to enhance our competitive position.
      CHAIRMAN’S LETTER

                 Lastly, this 2015 annual report would not be complete without recognizing the invaluable contributions, past and present, of Scott Branch, who has announced his retirement from executive duties as of the end of calendar year 2016. Without Scott’s strategic capabilities, his vision, and his commitment to a business model that continues to prove its efficacy in the marketplace, we would not by any measure be the company we are today. Many thanks are due to Scott, and I am glad to confirm that he will continue his association with our firm as a member of the Board of Directors. Thank you, also, to our management and employees for their continuing efforts and to our shareholders for their loyalty and support.
JOHN RADZIWILL
Chairman
 Compound Growth 2011-2015:
19%
38%
11% 9%
OPERATING REVENUES
   INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS, BEFORE TAX
   STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
NET BOOK VALUE PER SHARE
   Annual Report | 2015
      