                        Chairman’s Letter
Following several years of market turmoil and uncertainty, the conclusion of FY2014 has been marked by improved market conditions, relatively encouraging financial results, and a renewed spirit of optimism about our organization’s future and the efficacy of our long-term business strategy.
Nevertheless, the prevailing macro trends of ever- increasing regulations, close-to-zero interest rates and drifting commodity markets continued to weigh on our business as it has on others in our sector.
In an illuminating interview in the Wall Street Journal, Andrew Haldane of the Bank of England noted that the goal of current financial-services regulations has become “to capture every raindrop rather than look out for the thunderstorms.” This increasingly byzantine regulatory environment requires that financial services firms such as ours continue to expand their regulatory and compliance capabilities. Indeed, regulation and compliance has now developed some of the aspects of a growth industry. For example, the sourcing, hiring and retention of compliance staff has become steadily more challenging over the past year, and we often found ourselves competing not only with other firms but, incredibly, with our own regulators for qualified personnel.
On the commercial side, interest rates in the developed world remained close-to-zero, and there seems to be little immediate prospect of this changing, as the burden of maintaining a rather anemic global recovery and avoiding deflation is borne wholly by the monetary authorities. Thus, even though our average customer deposits grew to USD $2 billion in the fourth quarter, interest earnings remained marginal. In addition, the weakness of all major economies with the exception of the U.S. seems to portend that the commodity markets will struggle for the next year.
Despite these negative to neutral macro trends, I
am pleased to report your Company continued to make progress, with operating revenues growing to
a record USD $490.9 million. This increase was driven by strong revenue growth in our commercial hedging and securities businesses. However, our star performer was our global payments business, where revenues increased by 35%. We also are encouraged by the performance of our LME Metals business, which has proven to be a strategically sound and remunerative acquisition.
We continued to refine and restructure our organization, and in 2014 completed the consolidation of our U.K. subsidiaries into one financial corporation which can provide all financial services to our client base with the exception of deposit taking and fund management. This has clear organizational benefits and also allows a more efficient use of our capital resources.
Despite these achievements, our stock price in 2014 remained at levels approaching book value. As the Company’s largest shareholders, your board is only too well aware of this disappointing stock performance. However, I am confident that, as our results continue to improve, the market will begin to give a reasonable valuation to a financially stable, diversified and growing financial services company such as ours.
During the year, the board was expanded by the appointment of Ed Grzybowski. Ed is an institutional investor who served as chief investment officer of TIAA-CREF, where he was responsible for investing a portfolio of approximately half a trillion dollars
in assets. The confidence displayed by such a sophisticated investor in joining our team is, in my view, a strong endorsement of our future growth and prosperity.
In summary, 2014 was a year in which, despite difficult market conditions, your Company delivered strong internal growth, improved its organizational and management structures and enhanced its competitive position in an industry still recovering from the shockwaves of the financial crisis. I remain confident these achievements will provide a strong basis for continued growth in 2015 and thank our management and employees for their continuing efforts and our shareholders for their loyalty and support.
JOHN RADZIWILL Non-Executive Chairman
        