Chairman’s Letter To Stockholders
As noted in both my letter to stockholders and the CEO’s letter in last year’s annual report, ever since the financial crisis of 2007-2008, the financial industry has been experiencing profound change on both the regulatory and the commercial fronts.
F From a regulatory perspective, it has been a time of almost continual turmoil. For example, the so-called “simple and common- sense reform” represented by the Volcker rule is now, in its final version, explicated by a tome of almost one thousand pages. As a result, a company such as ours, which has followed a highly successful growth strategy, has found itself facing, as a regular part of its business, regulatory and compliance changes of a magnitude that wereinconceivableafewyearsago.Thusinfiscal year 2010 our Legal and Compliance headcount was 16, by fiscal year 2013 headcount had grown to 46 and compensation and related expenses had grown from approximately $1.5 million to approximately $5.7 million over the same period. The best that can be said about these regulations, from a business point of view, is that the regulatory constraints are now such that a “moat” has been established around the companies in the financial industry that will make it difficult for new entrants to succeed. Indeed, I question whether in the current environment we could have achieved the growth we have experienced over the past decade.
In terms of revenues, fiscal 2013 was a disappointment. Adjusted operating revenues were approximately $467 million, compared to approximately $461 million for fiscal 2012, with the growth constrained as a result of a decline of some $36 million in our agricultural commodities business. This decline reflected a reduction in hedging activities due to severe drought conditions in the U.S. and lower volatility and commodity prices, and, very likely, caution in dealing in the financial markets after the bankruptcies of MF Global and Peregrine. In addition to the declining volumes, the Company faced another year of nearly zero percent interest rates on cash balances. However, we remain optimistic that with the recovery in crop volumes, our client base will increase its hedging activity in fiscal 2014.
The decline in revenues in our largest business segment was offset by year-on-year increases in most of our other businesses, thereby allowing us to achieve stability in our revenues. It should also be noted that one of the few other business units that experienced a revenue decline during the past fiscal year was our physical base metals business, which we exited during the course of the year.
Although our revenue results are not satisfactory, management is conscious of the Company’s high degree of dependency on the agricultural commodities business, and continues to invest in and expand our other businesses in order to achieve contra-cyclicality.
Subsequent to our fiscal year end we announced that, during the final review of our 2013 financial results, we determined that errors which occurred during the integration of INTL Hanley (now known as INTL FCStone Markets) into our business resulted in a revenue overstatement over the prior three years amounting to approximately $9.5 million ($5.9 million after tax).
As a matter of perspective, during this same period INTL FCStone had revenues well exceeding a billion dollars. Nonetheless, we will review our processes closely and take any required actions. You can rest assured that we and the management, who are among the Company’s largest stockholders, remain optimistic about the future and confident in our ability to once again grow rapidly as we have done over most of the past decade, and to reward you, our stockholders, for your continued support.
JOHN RADZIWILL Non-Executive Chairman
 5 2013 INTL FCStone Annual Report
 