CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT
We began our 2010 fiscal year with the merger with FCStone, which became effective on
the last day of fiscal 2009, and which marked the beginning of an exciting new era for our organization.
The combined company (“INTL FCStone” or “the Company”) had twice the net asset value, four times the assets and three times the number
of employees of the pre-merger company.
More important, the Company’s global reach
was vastly enhanced, with 10,000 commercial customers in more than 100 countries around the globe. And most important of all, we confirmed the rationale for the merger – that our organizations were complementary, customer- centric and focused on growth, with a broad array of capabilities for prospects and existing customers alike.
This new corporate combination, as important
as it was, marked only the beginning of what proved to be an exceptionally busy and productive year during which a number of acquisitions were concluded. Building on the strengths of the newly combined organization, including our broader global presence and our favorable cash position, we were able to add new and exciting capabilities, product expertise and customer relationships, creating an even stronger organization with a more-comprehensive array of services.
These acquisitions were the result of strategic decisions we have made to fill identified gaps in our capabilities and take advantage of market conditions by expanding rather than retrenching.
During the year we acquired Risk Management Incorporated (RMI), focused on energy trading and consulting; the OTC and structured products trading firm Hanley Group; the boutique investment banking firm Provident Group; and, immediately after the end of the 2010 fiscal year, the futures division of the risk-management firm Hencorp.
In each case, the acquisition augmented our existing capabilities and created new opportunities for synergies.
RMI’s expertise in the management of price volatility in natural gas and electricity, along with its innovative risk-management technologies, complement our existing range of risk- management services in gasoline, diesel and renewable fuels.
INTL Hanley group, an industry leader in agricultural derivatives, software and systems, represents a major step forward in our ability to offer a wider range of complex structured OTC products for the commercial sector.
With the addition of Provident Group (now
INTL Provident Group), along with our existing investment banking capabilities in Miami and Latin America, we are now able to offer an investment banking and advisory capability with global reach across a wide range of industries.
Lastly, Hencorp’s extensive expertise in coffee, among other commodities, and its broad-based relationships in Latin America, has allowed
us to fill in one of the last remaining gaps in INTL FCStone’s suite of soft commodity risk- management capabilities.
Over the past twelve months, we made a number of other substantial enhancements to our array of services, including the establishment of a 24-hour institutional trading desk that will serve customers in all time zones across the globe, and the upgrading of our service offering.
Following the merger, we also devoted significant resources to expanding our global customer base, with a focus on mid-sized commercial entities. The continuing series of financial crises worldwide has created an opportunity for us, as these customers are relatively underserved and in many cases, following recent market volatility, now need
6 | 2010 INTL Annual Report

7 | 2010 INTL Annual Report
assistance with risk management. We have added resources and infrastructure in Australia, China, Singapore, United Kingdom, Ireland, Argentina, Brazil, Latin America and Canada to take advantage of this opportunity.
For the immediate future, our emphasis will be on consolidating and leveraging the past year’s acquisitions and in focusing our expanded and enhanced capabilities onto a broader customer base. Our customer-centric approach creates deep and long-lasting relationships and these take time to develop and become meaningful. However, unlike many organizations in the financial services sector, we believe in the value of long-term relationships and are patient and persistent when developing new markets.
Our Financial Performance
Management believes that the best way to assess our financial performance is on a fully marked
to market basis. Our Form 10-K, included in this Annual Report, provides a detailed reconciliation of these numbers.
Although we anticipate that the full benefits of the acquisitions and upgrades we made during 2010 will not be fully realized until 2011 and beyond, and despite the costs associated with these strategic upgrades, we nonetheless were able to achieve adjusted net earnings on an ongoing basis and before extraordinary items of $15.2 million, which represented a 7% Return on Equity (“ROE”) for the year. While this is below the long term minimum target of 15% set by management, we consider this a positive result in light of the continuing uncertainty and difficulty in the global economic environment and the current historically low interest rates, which have a material impact on our profitability.
At $275 million, our adjusted operating revenues were at a record high, 182% (or $177 million) greaterthanlastyear’sfigure. TheFCStone merger added $187.6 million, which was down 25% from the previous year’s FCStone result (12 months to August 31, 2009), largely due to a
decline in clearing revenues, lower interest rates and subdued market conditions. The legacy INTL businesses recorded revenues of $87.4 million, down 10% from the previous year due largely to a decline in securities trading revenues, although this decline was offset somewhat by an increase in foreign exchange revenues.
Non-interest expenses increased by some
$172 million, again largely due to the merger, which increased our headcount by some 220% or 430 people with the associated offices and infrastructure cost, and an additional 104 people added since the merger as a result of organic growth and our recent acquisitions.
Management is focused on keeping our cost structure flexible, and 54% of our total costs remain variable (versus 49% previously) with compensation and benefits representing 38% of adjusted operating revenues (down from 41% previously).
Book value per basic issued share on an adjusted basis was $14.31, up 1% from last year ($14.16), and up 65% from two years ago ($8.66).
We ended the year with adjusted shareholders’ equity of $251.9 million and total assets of $2.022 billion. We remained very liquid, with approximately 83% of the Company’s assets
in cash; and deposits and receivables from exchange-clearing organizations, counterparties and customers, and financial instruments owned, at fair value.
As of September 30, 2010, we had bank facilities of $275.0 million, of which $114.9 million was outstanding. Subsequent to the end of the fiscal year, we increased our total facilities to $290 million, of which $75 million was extended to a 3-year commitment.
Review of our Businesses
INTL FCStone comprises five functional areas: Commodity and Risk-Management Services; Foreign Exchange; Securities; Clearing and

Execution Services; and “Other,” consisting of financing services and asset management.
Commodity and Risk-Management Services
INTL FCStone serves approximately 10,000 commercial customers around the world with a range of high value-added services through its force of some 150 consultants and sales people. We provide these customers with consulting services including a customized long-term hedging program designed to minimize the risk of commodity price fluctuations and protect their bottom-line results.
Our capability to offer customers risk- management expertise, execution in listed futures and options, and OTC as well as physical transactions puts INTL FCStone in a unique position to offer a comprehensive and customized solution to managing risk.
We are aware of the competitive threats posed by other players, but have found that many larger financial services firms have withdrawn from
the commodity risk-management sector, while many smaller and more-focused entities lack the capital or credibility to make significant headway. Ultimately, we believe that we are extremely well–positioned to become the leading global provider of risk management products for both agricultural and non-agricultural commodities
– including consulting and advisory services, futures execution and complex structured products. This is a business model that requires a patient, long-term approach, but, in our opinion, results in deep customer relationships and attractive growth and returns.
Adjusted segment income increased by 349% from $9.0 million in 2009 to $40.4 million in the current year with the operations of FCStone contributing $29.5 million of the 2010 adjusted segment income.
Metals revenues were relatively unchanged on the year, with a decline in precious metals
revenues being offset by a gain in base metals revenues. Agricultural and energy commodities recorded slightly higher volumes in both listed futures and OTC trading largely due to increased volatility towards the end of the fiscal year. Increases in customer assets on deposit were more than offset by historically low interest rates.
Foreign Exchange
The Company provides global payment and treasury services to financial institutions, multinational corporations, government organizations, NGOs and charitable organizations, and operates in more than 130 currencies worldwide.
In addition, the Company assists commercial customers with the execution of foreign exchange hedging strategies, provides spot foreign currency trading for eligible contract participants and professional traders, and operates a proprietary foreign exchange desk that arbitrages the futures and cash markets.
Segment income increased 41% from $15.6 million to $22.0 million, with FCStone operations contributing $7.3 million. The volume of trades in the Company’s global payments business increased from the prior year period; however,
a narrowing of spreads in currencies that were affected by the global economic crisis in the prior year period offset the increase in volumes.
Volumes in the global payments business continued to benefit from an increase in customers consisting primarily of financial institutions. In 2010, the customer speculative foreign exchange business experienced low volumes; however, this was offset by activity on the proprietary foreign exchange arbitrage desk, which capitalized on arbitrage opportunities in the cash versus futures markets.
Securities
The Company acts as a wholesale market maker in select foreign securities including unlisted
8 | 2010 INTL Annual Report

9 | 2010 INTL Annual Report
ADRs and foreign ordinary shares, and provides execution in select debt instruments and ETF’s. We provide execution and liquidity to national broker-dealers, regional broker-dealers and institutional investors.
We provide the full range of investment banking and advisory services to existing commercial customers and new customers to enhance their capital structure and assist them in the process of mergers and acquisitions. The acquisition of Provident Group added significant resources and capabilities to our existing investment banking and advisory services, and we are now positioned to offer a much broader range of services to our customers.
Segment income decreased 72% from $19.0 million to $5.3 million. Operating revenues in the equities market-making business are largely dependent on overall volume and volatility, and volatility declined considerably by mid-2009 and remained in abatement through 2010.
Clearing and Execution Services
INTL FCStone provides competitive and
efficient clearing and execution of exchange- traded futures and options for institutional and professional traders. Our futures commission merchant firm, FCStone, LLC, is a clearing member of all major U.S. exchanges, including the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”)
and its divisions the Chicago Board of Trade (“CBOT”), the New York Mercantile Exchange (“NYMEX”) and COMEX. The Company’s range
of services in Clearing and Execution was substantially enhanced during the past year by the establishment of a new 24-hour institutional order execution desk that serves customers in all time zones across the globe.
Segment income was $1.4 million for 2010. Operating revenues were affected by low volatility in the exchange-traded markets as a result of macroeconomic conditions as well as historically low short-term interest rates and, in addition, a high level of bad-debt provisions.
Other
The Company’s Asset Management business is combined with its Grain Financing and Facilitation business to constitute a fifth reporting segment.
Segment income was $4.1 million in 2010, compared to a segment loss of $0.7 million
in 2009. Assets under management as of September 30, 2010 were approximately $349.3 million, compared with approximately $353.4 million at September 30, 2009.
Corporate Governance
INTL FCStone is committed to the highest
level of corporate governance. A majority of our directors are independent and all of the members of our Audit, Compensation and Nominating & Governance Committees are independent. Details of these committees, their charters and directors’ biographies are available on our corporate website, www.intlfcstone.com.
Our full corporate governance statement is included on the last page of this Annual Report.
Looking Forward
While the past fiscal year has been one of tremendous change and growth, one thing has remained constant: Our focus on providing value-added solutions to our customers around the world. Our strategy has been, and will remain, straightforward: To deliver high value-added, high- touch execution, clearing and risk-management advisory services. In the process, we will use our expertise, experience, technology and capital to reduce risk, protect and enhance our customers’ bottom lines, and provide efficient solutions in more-complex financial markets.
During the year we were able to accelerate our strategic plans and now have a comprehensive and unique set of capabilities to service our target customers. Our ability to provide risk management advisory services; execute
and clear the full range of exchange-traded instruments and sophisticated and customized
 
OTC products; act as a principal to our customers in physical commodities and, if necessary, embed risk management solutions in these physical trades; and advise our customers on their corporate finance needs is unmatched in the marketplace. We have yet to see the full benefit of this broad and integrated product offering, but as we now execute on this strategic vision we should see meaningful bottom-line results for our shareholders.
We believe that, in many parts of the world,
the concept of risk-management is still little- known or misunderstood. In Europe, where the renegotiation of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) is almost certain to lead to reductions
in price supports and subsidies, the need for
risk management has suddenly emerged as an urgent issue for any company that is exposed
to commodity price fluctuations. We also see tremendous opportunities ahead of us, in
both agricultural commodities and in base and precious metals, in China, Australia and New Zealand, India and Africa.
Additionally, we see continued opportunities for growth in our global payment and treasury services, investment banking and advisory services, and securities and asset management businesses, where in many cases we work on behalf of underserved regions, industry sectors and businesses.
Overall, despite the continuing weakness in the global economy and the prevailing uncertainty about its direction in the coming year, we are positive about our prospects going forward.
We took a strategic approach over the past year in assembling the pieces that we needed for a comprehensive suite of solutions, and now that these pieces are in place, we are focused on executing our strategy effectively and efficiently. In a difficult and unpredictable global economic environment, we are not throttling back, but instead we are moving forward strategically and confidently to embrace the future.
We would like to thank all of our colleagues for their contribution to this year’s performance, our Board and advisors for their guidance, our bankers for their financial support and our shareholders for entrusting their capital to us.
Sean M. O’Connor Chief Executive Officer
10 | 2010 INTL Annual Report
