  02 DELIVERING RESULTS
TO THE SHAREOWNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF INTERNATIONAL PAPER,
Looking back on 2013, International Paper achieved another milestone as we generated record operating earnings and continued our strong cash flow genera- tion, driven by first-rate execution and a great team of highly engaged people. We delivered on our ongoing commitments to return cash to shareowners, strate- gically reinvest in our business and maintain a strong balance sheet. Shareowners benefitted from strong free cash flow as International Paper increased the annual dividend 17 percent to $1.40 per share and began implementing a board-approved $1.5 billion share buyback program. The buyback program is pro- ceeding ahead of schedule with approximately 13.5 million shares purchased for about $600 million (as of February 28, 2014). We also retired approximately $617 million in debt.
International Paper’s 2013 results were driven by strong performance from our North American indus- trial packaging business, as well as our papers busi- ness in Brazil, Europe and Russia. With leadership supply positions around the globe, the best margins in North America and profitable growth opportunities in emerging markets, International Paper increased year-over-year EBITDA 11 percent, improved operat- ing earnings per share 19 percent and grew cash from operations to $3.0 billion.
While global and regional supply and demand will always have an impact on our business, today’s International Paper is a less cyclical company in terms of cash generation and free cash flow. International Paper is also somewhat unique in our industry in that we have many internal levers to pull to further improve our EBITDA and generate more cash in 2014. This is what truly differentiates us from our competitors.
In North America, we’ve identified several opportuni- ties for continued earnings growth and margin improve- ment. Our industrial packaging operations, supply chain and sales organizations have identified more than $200 million in optimization opportunities and are aggres- sively pursuing them. With a manufacturing organiza- tion that’s aligned to more efficiently and cost-effectively meet customer needs, our repositioned printing papers business is now smaller, but stronger and more com- petitive. Our consumer packaging businesses—coated paperboard and foodservice—are building on momen- tum gained in 2013, capitalizing on growing consumer demand for convenience foods and beverages and more sustainable products and packaging. That trans- lates into more opportunities to continue to grow our hot and cold fiber-based cup business with customers. The expansion of our foodservice facility in Kenton,
  JOHN V. FARACI
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER INTERNATIONAL PAPER

          NET SALES
(IN MILLIONS)
   FREE CASH FLOW*
(IN MILLIONS)
$26,034
$27,833
$29,080
2011 2012 2013
 $1,727
$1,801
 $1,570
  2011 2012 2013
 EARNINGS PER SHARE*
$3.12 $3.16 $2.65
2011 2012 2013
   
          EBITDA*
(IN MILLIONS)
$3,724 $3,725
   2011 2012 2013
ANNUALIZED DIVIDEND
$1.20
$1.05
4Q11 4Q12 4Q13
CASH ALLOCATION STRATEGY
Strategically Reinvest in the Business
$4,126
 $1.40
      Return Cash to Shareowners
 Maintain a Strong Balance Sheet
* Refer to Financial Highlights for reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.

 Ohio, to be completed by May 2015, positions us for this future growth.
Optimization opportunities exist around the globe as well. In 2013, the Ilim joint venture completed the largest build out in the Russian pulp and paper indus- try in the last 30 years, and the largest project in International Paper’s history. As the joint venture continues to ramp-up production at the new soft- wood pulp mill in Siberia, qualify new products like coated paper and optimize new processes, there are many opportunities to reduce costs and increase production in markets where demand is growing. The $1 billion-plus upgrade of facilities in northwest Russia and Siberia funded by the joint venture will enable growth in step with paper demand in western Russia and help meet long-term demand for softwood pulp in China. China represents about 90 percent of the world’s growth in softwood pulp consumption, and the two Ilim facilities in Siberia produce the world’s lowest-cost softwood pulp delivered to north and central China.
International Paper’s facilities in Brazil are also well- positioned to take advantage of 3 percent to 4 percent annual market growth across Latin America—growth that will allow us to sell more of our Brazilian-made paper products in Latin America at higher margins instead of exporting them outside the region. In early 2013, we acquired a 75 percent share of Brazilian packaging company Jari Celulose, Embalagens e Papel, S.A., a Grupo Orsa company, and have high expectations as we employ International Paper’s con- tainerboard and corrugated box manufacturing and commercial expertise in this strategic market. On the other side of the world, IP India is poised for double- digit volume and earnings growth over the next few years. Our joint venture with Sun Paper in China is a good, well-positioned business with a lot of upside potential as we work through current excess capacity in the industry. Our corrugated packaging business in Asia is also showing growth with year-over-year volume up 4 percent.
All in, looking ahead, we like our current portfolio of businesses and their prospects.
In January 2014, International Paper signed a defin- itive agreement to merge our distribution company, xpedx, with Unisource Worldwide Inc. to form an independent, publicly traded company. As part of this transaction, International Paper will receive a dividend of approximately $400 million from the new com- pany. The transaction provides excellent value for International Paper shareowners who will own 51
percent of the stock in the new company and is a unique opportunity for xpedx and Unisource to create a new company that is stronger, more competitive and able to provide even greater value to customers. We anticipate that the merger will close in mid 2014 and that the new company will generate synergies of about $200 million. Mary Laschinger, International Paper senior vice president and president of xpedx, will lead
INTERNATIONAL PAPER 2013 ANNUAL REPORT   03
  WE DELIVERED ON OUR ONGOING COMMITMENTS TO RETURN CASH TO SHAREOWNERS, STRATEGICALLY REINVEST IN OUR BUSINESS AND MAINTAIN A STRONG BALANCE SHEET.
 the new company. We congratulate Mary on her appointment as CEO and chairman of the new enter- prise and thank her for her many contributions and more than 20 years of service to International Paper.
While International Paper is always open to exploring new strategic opportunities that are consistent with our business strategy, we believe our current global footprint positions us for significant and sustained growth in our free cash flow. We’ll continue to use this cash for dividends and share repurchases and to keep International Paper competitive and create value for our investors. No other company in our industry is as well-positioned to meet the needs of global markets and create value for shareowners on a global scale.
Sustainability is integral to everything we do at International Paper, and we’re committed to measuring our progress to help us identify areas for improve- ment. In 2013, we surpassed three of our 12 voluntary 2020 sustainability goals (air emissions, water quality and purchases of third-party-certified wood fiber) and continue to challenge ourselves to raise the bar even higher.
With our business literally rooted in the forest, our long-standing global commitment to sustainable for- estry and fiber sourcing is both an environmental commitment and a business imperative. As part of this commitment, our company joined the World Wildlife Fund’s Global Forest & Trade Network in 2013. We also committed $7.5 million over five years to establish the Forestland Stewards Program, a part- nership with the National Fish and Wildlife Federation to restore native forest ecosystems across the south- ern United States.

  04 DELIVERING RESULTS
   SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM
LEFT TO RIGHT: WILLIAM T. HOEL, TIM S. NICHOLLS, C. CATO EALY, SHARON R. RYAN, TOMMY S. JOSEPH, JOHN V. FARACI, THOMAS G. KADIEN, CAROL L. ROBERTS, JEAN-MICHELE RIBIERAS, PAUL J. KARRE, MARK S. SUTTON, MARY L. LASCHINGER
International Paper’s commitment to the highest ethical and sustainable business standards is guided by a simple principle: do the right things for the right reasons. Reflecting this commitment, our company was once again named No. 1 in the forest and paper products industry on FORTUNE® magazine’s list of the “World’s Most Admired Companies® 2014,” an honor we’ve held for 11 of the last 12 years. We also received our eighth straight award from The Ethisphere Institute as one of the “World’s Most Ethical Companies®.”
In 2014, International Paper will mark its 116th year in operation, a testament to the enduring value of fiber-based packaging and paper and to our compa- ny’s ability to innovate and adapt in an ever-changing marketplace. With our goal to be the best, not neces- sarily the biggest, today’s International Paper is a stra- tegically repositioned and well-positioned packaging and paper business with low-cost assets in attractive growth markets around the world.
Most important, we’re a company of about 70,000 talented people committed to delivering results. Our continuing performance improvement is driven by the engagement and strong execution of our employees,
leadership team and board of directors. On that note, the International Paper board of directors welcomed Admiral Jay L. Johnson, retired chairman and chief executive officer of General Dynamics and former chief of U.S. naval operations, who was elected to the board in September. We also want to thank three of our senior officers who retired in 2013, John Balboni, Paul Herbert and Maximo Pacheco, for their commitment and contributions to International Paper. We wish them all the best in their future endeavors.
In the pages that follow, you’ll read more about the earnings drivers within each of our businesses that will contribute to another meaningful step change in 2014. Thank you for your continued support and own- ership of International Paper.
John Faraci
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer International Paper
 