Returns exceeding cost of capital for six straight years
 Financial Results
We delivered solid financial results fueled by strong performances in our North American industrial packaging business and our
Ilim joint venture in Russia. We achieved strong results despite many challenges
in 2015: demand for our products was mixed; the strong U.S. dollar weakened the competitiveness of our exports; the Brazilian economy was in recession; and China’s economy weakened significantly.
Facing continued market and economic challenges in China, we sold our 55 percent equity stake in the Sun Paper coated board joint venture, which removed $400 million in debt from our balance sheet, and we announced plans to sell our corrugated box business in Asia. We will continue to serve customers in Asia with products from our Ilim joint venture, from the United States, and from other regions.
We executed our strategy, enabling us
to achieve return on invested capital of
11 percent, well above our cost of capital. After six consecutive years of higher than cost-of-capital returns, we are confident
we can sustainably generate healthy returns and continue to improve the company.
We generated strong free cash flow of
$1.8 billion, and $3.65 earnings per share, the highest in 20 years.
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL
 9.3%
9.2%
11%
  2013 2014 2015
  MARCH 2016
To our shareowners:
For more than a century, International Paper has been using renewable resources responsibly to make recyclable products people depend on every day. Once again in 2015, we demonstrated that our people and our globally competitive manufacturing and converting facilities can operate safely and sustainably, maintain strong positions in attractive markets, and generate substantial free cash flow, even during challenging economic environments.
I am pleased with the company’s overall performance and confident in our ability to create value for our shareowners, employees, customers, and communities. We continued to use cash from our operations in line with our long-term capital allocation strategy— reinvesting in our businesses to create long-term value and returning cash to
our shareowners.
 3
ANNUAL PERFORMANCE SUMMARY 2015

 Strong free cash flow averaging $1.8B
Capital Allocation
Investing to improve our businesses, returning cash to shareowners, and maintaining a strong balance sheet are the priorities of our cash allocation strategy.
In 2015 we returned $1.2 billion to our shareowners using our strong cash flow to fund a 10 percent increase in our annual dividend.This was the fourth consecutive year of double-digit percentage increases.
We strengthened our dividend policy by committing to target 40 to 50 percent of free cash flow—a clear indication of confidence in the sustainability of our free cash flow and our commitment to returning cash to shareowners.
We also continued our stock repurchase program, acquiring more than $500 million worth of shares during 2015. We have now repurchased $2.1 billion of our $3 billion authorization.
Finally, we invested in cost reduction projects to drive margin improvement and offset cost inflation, and initiated strategic investments to generate long-term value.
FREE CASH FLOW
5-Year Average: $1.8 billion
  $1.7
$1.6
$2.1
$1.8 $1.8
    2011
2012 2013 2014 2015
ANNUALIZED DIVIDEND
$1.20
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
We announced plans to invest $300 million in 2016 and 2017 to further improve our North American containerboard mill system, enhance product quality, and reduce manufacturing and delivery costs.These projects are expected to have a collective internal rate of return of 20 percent.
We began converting our Riegelwood, N.C., coated paperboard mill to fluff pulp production; this incremental 400,000 tons of fluff pulp capacity will allow us to meet our customers’ global growth demand. Production will ramp up mid-2016 with ongoing flexibility to shift between softwood and fluff production based on market demand.
We doubled our manufacturing footprint for paper cups and food containers at our facility in Kenton, Ohio. Production continues to ramp up to support the consumer-driven demand for sustainable and renewable products.
  $1.05
$1.60
$1.40
$1.76
    Industrial Packaging Optimization
Fluff Pulp Expansion
Foodservice Expansion
    ANNUAL PERFORMANCE SUMMARY 2015 4

 Leadership
Effective execution depends on strong leadership and governance. We continued to build on the bench strength of our company officers with many new stretch assignments in 2015.
In February, we welcomed new board member Ambassador William J. Burns, president of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Ambassador Burns served in the U.S. Department of State as Deputy Secretary of State from
2011 to 2014, as Under Secretary for Political Affairs from 2008 to 2011, and as Ambassador to Russia from 2005 to 2008, as well as several other posts during his 33 years in the Foreign Service. He brings extensive domestic and international public policy experience and a unique, valuable perspective to the International Paper Board of Directors.
Outlook
Looking ahead, I am confident that our long-term strategy will continue to create value for International Paper shareowners.
We have a skilled, engaged workforce and talented leadership teams that continue to demonstrate
their ability to adapt to the changing demands of our customers and the dynamic global markets we serve.
Our asset base is flexible and well-positioned with globally competitive cost positions and with steady access to wood fiber, our primary raw material. We have strong positions in attractive markets and are aligned with strategic customers.
We focus on the things we control—serving our customers, strengthening our people and communities, operating safely, responsibly, and sustainably, and deliberately improving our operations.
Our Board of Directors and senior leaders remain committed to generating strong, sustainable free cash flow to fuel strategic investments that will strengthen our portfolio of businesses and create value for our shareowners, employees, customers, and communities.
On behalf of the International Paper Board of Directors and our 55,000 employees, thank you for your continued support and ownership of International Paper.
   5
ANNUAL PERFORMANCE SUMMARY 2015
*FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements in this Annual Performance Summary may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements reflect management’s current views and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include but are not limited to those listed and discussed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K portion of this Annual Performance Summary.
Mark Sutton | Chairman and CEO
We do the right things, in the right ways, for the right reasons— this is The IP Way.
 