 A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Following a strong 2010, we set ambitious goals for ourselves going into 2011.
Actual performance for the year was very strong. Our 6.1% organic revenue growth exceeded our target of 4% to 5% – and led the industry on this important metric. By achieving operating margin of 9.8%, we delivered on our target and demonstrated once again the capacity to significantly improve the profitability of the business. Earnings per share also increased dramatically. These accomplishments are noteworthy in their own right, but also in light of the macro economic uncertainty that prevailed during the latter half of 2011.
Our progress is a reflection of the caliber and contributions of our people, as well as the benefits of strategic actions taken in recent years. Chief among these are our investment in digital talent across the portfolio and our decision to hold all operating unit leaders accountable for developing native digital expertise within their respective agencies, regardless of discipline. Our ongoing investment in high-growth geographic markets and marketing services also contributed to our results. We continued to strengthen our capital structure, which in turn positioned us to initiate a common share repurchase program and a cash dividend on our common stock, further enhancing shareholder value.
A DYNAMIC AND COMPLEX LANDSCAPE
The world in which we compete is evolving rapidly. Around the globe, all media are undergoing transformative change, driven by technology, which moves at an increasing rate of speed. As a result, the number of choices available to consumers, in terms of where and how they access entertainment and information, is
unlike anything we have ever experienced. What’s more, one can plug into the grid instantaneously, at any time, from anywhere. While the term “information overload” was coined in the 1960s and popularized in the 70s, it has become the reality we all must live with today. And it is a challenge that will remain with us going forward.
Other major drivers of change are the emerging economies, including of course the BRICs, as well as other major markets in Asia and Latin America, to say nothing of Central Europe and Turkey, the Middle East and Africa. These are countries or regions in which demographics, increasing prosperity and access to the mobile web are accelerating the development of the media and consumer ecosystem and creating significant opportunity for growth.
The implications for marketing are without precedent.
Companies everywhere, regardless of size, are confronted by a staggering array of questions. How best to identify and engage with the right audiences for their brands? What is the right mix of disparate channels to maximize the impact of integrated campaigns that include television and the web, plus social and mobile programs? Who is best able to craft compelling messages that engage consumers across these platforms and media formats? What is the role of experiential marketing and interactions with the consumer at retail? And how can organizations tap into the torrent of data being generated by all of these devices and touchpoints to increase marketing accountability and efficiency?
More than ever, our clients need a high-value partner to help them navigate this complexity. This is the challenge we face, as well as the great opportunity to drive our business forward. In 2011, we proved ourselves up to the task.
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 
OVERVIEW OF RESULTS
For 2011, revenue grew by 6.1% organically compared to prior year, driven by increased spending from existing clients across all client sectors and nearly all geographic regions. As was the case in 2010, our organic growth rate positioned us at or near the top end of our peer group. Operating margin was 9.8%, 140 basis points better than the previous year, bringing our two-year improvement on this key measure of operational efficiency to over 400 basis points. All our global networks had organic revenue growth and improved operating margins. The operating margin performance we achieved last year represents a level of profitability that the company had not attained in over a decade.
On revenues of $7.01 billion, 2011 operating profit increased to $687.2 million, a significant year-on-year improvement of $138.5 million, or 25%. Diluted earnings per share grew to $0.99, including the benefit of our sale of part of our stake in Facebook. Excluding that transaction, diluted earnings per share was $0.76, a 62% increase over the previous year – this like-for-like improvement in EPS is outstanding.
We ended the year in a strong liquidity position, with $2.32 billion of cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet, which includes returning $512 million to shareholders in 2011 in the form of share repurchases and common stock dividends.
During the course of the year, we made further progress in the continued long-term de-leveraging of our balance sheet, which has seen us take total debt from $2.35 billion at the end of 2007 to $1.77 billion at the conclusion of 2011. We also took further actions to strengthen our company’s financial position by amending our corporate credit facility to increase its size to $1 billion and extend its maturity. The combination of strong operating performance and a solid balance sheet resulted in upgrades to investment grade by two of the leading credit rating agencies, Moody’s and Fitch.
A BALANCED PORTFOLIO – STRENGTH IN EMERGING DISCIPLINES AND MARKETS
Our performance is testament to the strength of our agencies, their people and their professional offerings – particularly in the key growth areas of digital, marketing services and emerging economies. Our organic revenue performance is the best indicator that we are building a terrific talent base and that our strategic decisions and investments in people can continue to drive positive results in the marketplace.
Mediabrands delivers a fully contemporary and competitive offering in an area of the industry that is becoming increasingly vital to every marketer’s success. Their digital and targeted offerings – whether at multinational networks UM and Initiative,
or at specialist capabilities such as Cadreon, Orion and Geomentum – are second to none, as is the recently launched Emerging Media Lab. Mediabrands is also at the forefront in developing pay-for-performance models, an area in which Interpublic is leading the way, and one which will remain a priority for our company.
At our Constituency Management Group, we are seeing the successful evolution of a broad range of marketing services. The social media capabilities at our PR firms, as well as our sports and event marketing agencies, are best-in-class and the market share gains consistently posted by Weber Shandwick, Golin Harris, Octagon and Jack Morton reflect the degree to which we have been investing in digital talent at all of these agencies.
At McCann, MRM is among the leading global digital networks, with offices in over 30 world markets and a strong track record of growth in recent years. R/GA is not only our industry’s most celebrated digital agency in terms of innovation, awards and press recognition – it is also a creative force that is now serving clients from eight offices, in the U.S. and Latin America, Asia and Europe. HUGE is on a similar growth path, due to the great tech talent that is at the core of the agency.
At its U.S. operations, Draftfcb already has more than 300 people in its digital practice and an almost equal number in its shopper marketing group. They are all fully embedded in the agency’s integrated, behavior-based agency model. In 2011, Draftfcb Worldwide once again delivered outstanding top and bottom line performance.
Our domestic integrated agencies continue to perform at an exceptional level. From Mullen and Hill Holliday to The Martin Agency and Deutsch, a Lowe and Partners company – all of these agencies have strong full-service offerings that span every consumer touch-point. These firms have the strategic and creative talent that comes up with big brand ideas and leading-edge digital capabilities that include web development and social media, digital media planning and app development, as well as a full range of analytics tools.
In the high-growth markets, we are also well positioned. Draftfcb has one of the most powerful holistic offerings in India and a strong presence in Brazil that serves as a hub for regional operations. The agency is also a dominant market leader in South Africa, from which it plans to build its business in that emerging continent. Lowe is well positioned in India and Southeast Asia and has outstanding agencies and talent in all of the key Latin American markets. Lowe’s position as a highly creative network with strong agencies and deep cultural understanding in developing markets gives it a differentiating proposition that is attractive to major multinational clients.
2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
 
McCann Worldgroup remains one of the industry’s most powerful global networks, delivering a full range of marketing services capabilities in over 100 world markets, with strong operations and talent across Latin America and in key Asian markets. MRM, Momentum, McCann advertising and its healthcare offerings combine to provide a broad range of expertise, delivering custom solutions that build clients’ brands and businesses. Over the course of 2011, Worldgroup continued to improve its financial performance, as well as upgrade senior positions throughout the organization.
DIVERSITY AS A DIFFERENTIATOR
We remain committed to our goal of being a leader in diversity and inclusion.
In 2011, our diversity and inclusion programs continued to show results and garner recognition. The New York Urban League bestowed its Champions of Diversity Award on Interpublic, the first time an advertising holding company has received this important honor. Our company also received a 2011 CEO Diversity Leadership Award from Diversity Best Practices, the preeminent organization for diversity thought leadership in the corporate sector.
During the year, we became one of only six Fortune 500 companies with a 40% or higher representation of women on our Board of Directors. We also sponsored a ground-breaking seminar at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, bringing together key marketing leaders to discuss the advancement of women in creative roles. This marked the first time in the Festival’s 58-year history that this topic was formally addressed. Called “Beyond Mad Men,” the panel was well received by both our people and our clients. We will look to build on this discussion in the years to come.
Like any company that’s embarked on this journey, our commitment reflects both a moral and a business imperative. We know there is still much work to be done, but we’re driving real results with our efforts. In 2011, we once again saw year-on-year improvement for women and people of color at both the manager and executive levels. Embracing diversity and inclusion makes us an even more attractive employer, better able to connect with today’s consumers, and ultimately a more valued partner for our clients.
LOOKING FORWARD
We continue to believe that our product is our people. The evolution of our business model will therefore be driven by mastering and incorporating new forms of marketing activity into
our agency offerings. This calls for significant investment in talent and training, which we continue to make and remains our top strategic priority.
To supplement these efforts, we also bring a disciplined approach to identifying and integrating targeted acquisitions that can bolster our capabilities. This includes seeking out quality assets in high-growth geographic markets and among businesses in the more dynamic areas of marketing services. During the course of 2011, IPG acquired multiple agencies across the marketing spectrum, including firms specializing in digital and social media, healthcare communications, and public relations.
An increasingly sophisticated digital media ecosystem represents opportunity for us and we are well positioned to capitalize on the dynamic changes that are transforming the consumer landscape. Our agencies have the tools to help marketers and brands to succeed in this new world. We are building on strong positions in emerging disciplines and geographic regions. We are committed to continuing to return capital to our shareholders. Together, this is a combination that gives us confidence that we can keep moving the business forward and continue to drive strong shareholder returns.
We can all be proud of Interpublic’s accomplishments in 2011. Above all, they reflect the great professionalism and hard work of our people, around the world. As always, we’ll stay focused on serving our clients and closely managing our company. This approach has served us well in recent years, as has the ongoing support of our shareholders, for which we thank you.
Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
2011 ANNUAL REPORT 3
