 A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
During 2013, our company made significant progress on a number of important fronts.
Continued focus on clients led to a very good year in terms of account retention, growth with our largest clients and strong performance in the new business arena. We further enhanced senior talent across the organization and honed our offerings, with particular emphasis on strategic, creative and digital leadership. Exceptional performance at major industry award competitions – across all marketing disciplines – confirmed the quality of our agency offerings. We also took additional steps to further build the company’s financial strength and deploy our balance sheet to enhance shareholder value.
Cycling a difficult year on the top line, we set an organic revenue growth target of 2-3% for 2013. The final result of 2.8% growth was solidly within that range and returns us to competitive performance on this important metric for the third time in the past four years. Growth in the fourth quarter was a very strong 3.7%, led by the United States and high-growth regions such as Asia Pacific and Latin America.
Operating margin of 8.4% for the year includes a $61 million restructuring charge, without which our margin would have been 9.3%. This did not meet our margin objective for the year and the primary drivers of this shortfall were: performance in Europe, which was much weaker than expected; a limited number of our businesses that saw revenue decreases and could not cut costs commensurately; and investment behind a high level of new business activity. By year-end we had taken significant actions in areas of margin underperformance, which we expect will yield important benefits in 2014.
Moving forward, our clients continue to look to us as key partners in helping to direct their marketing investments at a time in which the consumer and media landscape is changing faster than ever. As we have said previously, complexity is good, because it places a premium on our professional counsel and expertise.
We’ve shown the ability to achieve competitive organic revenue growth, as a direct result of our best-in-class agencies. Going into 2014, we must focus on driving improvements in profitability, an area where we have shown significant long term progress.
PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW
For 2013, we posted organic revenue growth of 2.8% and operating margin of 9.3%, excluding the restructuring charge.
In the United States, our largest market, organic revenue growth for the full year was 3.7%, driven by both increased spending from existing clients and new business wins. Our performance in the AsiaPac and LatAm markets was exceptional. AsiaPac has become our largest international region. It saw an organic revenue increase of 6.4% and grew 8.9% including revenue from acquisitions, mainly in India. We completed another strong year in the LatAm region as well, growing 10.2% organically, reflecting our very competitive position across the region. In Brazil, which is a key market in the space, our business has more than doubled in size in just over four years.
In the marketing services sector, we saw robust performance at our Constituency Management Group (“CMG”), which grew by 7.8% and continued to take share from its primary competitors. Growth in the U.S. was very strong across all disciplines, including public relations, sports marketing, experiential marketing and corporate identity.
Our media operations were also a significant contributor to overall results, posting continued strong growth. We also saw contributions from our digital offerings. These are embedded within our global agency networks, at our best-in-class media companies and within our integrated domestic agencies, while also thriving at our digital specialist agencies.
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2013 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 
During 2013, we successfully completed a series of actions that had begun the prior year to further strengthen our balance sheet. These included capital market transactions that improved our credit position and will yield significant go-forward interest savings that significantly enhance shareholder value.
Our return of capital programs saw us repurchase an additional 32 million shares, bringing the total amount that has been returned to our owners, including dividends, to $1.6 billion since 2011. These decisions reflect our focus on enhancing shareholder value, as well as our confidence in the operating trajectory of our business. In early 2014, our Board increased our dividend by 27.6%.
These factors, along with our strong growth prospects, were evident in our outstanding share performance. For the year, we led our core competitive peer group with a 64.1% total shareholder return, nearly twice the performance of the S&P 500 in what was a very strong year overall for the equity markets.
GROWTH PRIORITIES
The world of media – whether at entertainment companies, digital publishers or the marketing services holding groups – is in a constant state of flux.
Compared to even a few years ago and across the globe, people are accessing content in totally new ways. Expanding access to the Internet, explosive growth in connected smart devices and technology innovation are leading to a proliferation of channels, consumer interactions and real-time data. At the same time, traditional media such as television continue to be a vital part of the media ecosystem. The challenge facing every brand and business today is staying relevant in this evolving world.
We see four broad areas of growth opportunities going forward...
First, we are seeing the development of a burgeoning global middle class. By 2030 two-thirds of the world’s population will be middle class, with a daily expenditure of US$10 to US$100. This new middle class will appear primarily in Asia, as well as Latin America. This is evident not only in India, China and Brazil, but in other emerging markets such as Indonesia, Thailand, Turkey and Mexico, countries in which our agencies are expert in helping clients connect with and tap into the spending power of this developing economic force.
Second, the accelerating evolution of “mass media” into “my media.” Our company is working with a variety of technology partners and media owners to create the personalized media experience consumers demand. These unique, one-to-one brand engagements span everything from mainstream digital channels, mobile applications and wearable devices, to integrated events and experiential marketing.
Third, there is a growing need for analytics that leverage data. To fully capitalize on the consumer shift towards digital media, we are investing behind tools that allow us to harness big data to understand, target and engage consumers at an individual level, across digital channels. The biggest challenge is not gaining access to large data streams, but honing in on the pivotal data points and the patterns that drive actionable insight. Truly
understanding consumers’ motivation and even predicting behavior will be essential to delivering value in the years to come. Finally, every company is a media owner. Clients are
facing the same challenges as all content creators. We are helping them find new ways to stay relevant to connected consumers. This means changing the way information is delivered and being sure we produce the right content and deliver it at precisely the right time and on the right platform.
This evolution of media presents a host of new challenges. When we get it right, we accelerate growth and revenues for our clients and ourselves. Our foremost goal is therefore to create the compelling content and experiences demanded by the connected consumer, so as to drive desired business outcomes for our clients.
AN OUTSTANDING AGENCY PORTFOLIO
We continue to meet the needs of our clients by effectively engaging with consumers in this fragmented, dynamic and ever- evolving marketing landscape.
IPG Mediabrands and CMG both led the way during the past year, performing at very high levels and further developing their digital capabilities, notably in the area of social media and content creation.
IPG Mediabrands was named “Holding Company of the Year” by MediaPost and our agencies won significant reviews against top competitors, such as the global Hershey’s pitch and highly coveted Nationwide assignment. We have also taken a leadership position in programmatic media buying and established the Magna Consortium, partnering with a number of major media owners. Magna also released “High Definition Buying,” the industry’s most comprehensive, scalable data stack to optimize audience targeting across all devices and media channels.
CMG’s industry-leading public relations capabilities at Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris and DeVries contributed to IPG winning the first-ever designation as the “PR Holding Company of the Year” from The Holmes Report. Weber Shandwick also announced the creation of Mediaco, a new content creation and distribution unit built to deliver a comprehensive brand publishing solution. We continued to see our CMG companies, particularly the PR agencies, gain market share.
McCann Worldgroup, whose integrated marketing solutions offering includes global consumer advertising, CRM/ digital and experiential capabilities, showed very strongly in major award shows around the world. The agency’s “Dumb Ways to Die” work for Australia’s Metro Trains has become the most awarded creative campaign in the history of our industry and the highly respected Gunn Report named McCann the most-awarded agency in the world for 2013. McCann, MRM and Momentum have become attractive destinations for top talent. This is reflected in new client assignments, from both existing partners like GM and new ones like the USPS and Zurich Insurance, where McCann played a key role on our cross-IPG team.
Lowe & Partners continued to do outstanding work for its largest client, Unilever, particularly in the high-growth BRIC markets. The agency was also central to a number of new business wins, notably Cadillac, which led to a merger with Campbell Ewald in the U.S. that is making good progress. We believe
2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
 
growth at Lowe will be further accelerated with the integration of another strong partner in the newly acquired global digital agency, Profero.
Our global creative network FCB also began to show the positive impact of talent upgrades across the network, in offices such as Shanghai and New York, as well as in key capabilities, such as strategic planning. The agency’s new leadership team is working well together, as evidenced by the successful launch of a global brand identity for the agency, as well as an uptick in new business activity, including notable wins with Levi’s and Trulia.
R/GA, Huge and MRM are among the industry’s most innovative agencies, with best-in-class capabilities across the digital spectrum – including mobile, social, UX and tech development. All three of these agencies continue to grow and expand their geographic footprints. In early 2014, Fast Company named R/GA one of its “10 Most Innovative Companies in the 10 Hottest Sectors.”
Our integrated domestic agencies include some of the most dynamic agencies in the business, such as Hill Holliday, The Martin Agency and Deutsch. Mullen in particular had a breakout year in 2013, earning numerous major honors, including the #2 designation on the prestigious Ad Age “A-List.”
Additionally, Interpublic agencies received more “A-List” honors from Ad Age and won more Grand Prix at Cannes than any other holding company.
A LEAD ROLE IN THE LARGER COMMUNITY
We take our responsibility as a corporate citizen as seriously as any other competitive challenge. Building our business practices in line with social and environmental considerations is no longer an option, but rather a business mandate. This strategic approach to corporate social responsibility, as well as diversity and inclusion, has a tangible impact on talent recruitment and retention, company reputation and, ultimately, the bottom line. What’s more, as a company that creates many of the world’s most iconic marketing campaigns, we understand the need to ensure that our clients’ messaging remains in sync with the long-term health of our communities.
Diversity and inclusion (D&I) is a key component of our corporate citizenship program and a top priority for us. We have committed to being among the world’s most inclusive companies because we understand that a dynamic and diverse company is better able to serve global clients. With a workforce that reflects our consumer base, we heighten our ability to create modern marketing solutions that resonate with consumers and move the needle on our clients’ businesses.
We continue to foster and encourage programs that promote diversity including directly tying senior-level compensation to our diversity goals (a first in our sector), instituting a cross-agency CEO diversity council, providing mentoring opportunities and internships, as well as partnering with a host of organizations that help us recruit and promote diverse talent. Since we began our formal D&I programs in 2005, IPG’s workforce demographics have changed dramatically. Looking at our workforce across our U.S. agencies, we have reported the following management changes in our filings with the EEOC: 13% increase in women,
48% increase in African Americans, 44% increase in Hispanic Americans, 80% increase in Asian Americans and 17% increase in Indian Americans.
Sustainability is also a significant opportunity for growth. As we efficiently manage our resources, we also drive employee innovation and profitability. Implemented in 2010, our sustainability policy outlines areas of focus where we can have the greatest impact in terms of environmental responsibility – energy usage, recycling, travel and green building practices. We have made strides in these areas, with a 26% reduction in square foot per employee from 2004 to 2013, a furniture recycling program that has saved the company $4 million from 2007 to 2013 and a 66% reduction in power consumption in our central IT operations since 2008.
Our corporate citizenship program also includes employee volunteerism, pro bono work and traditional cash donations, as well as senior leadership on not-for-profit boards. From bringing water to the economically disadvantaged in Peru, to helping communities recover from natural disasters, to demobilizing guerillas in the jungles of Colombia, IPG’s community involvement is having a positive impact in the places where our employees and our clients live and work. In early 2014, we published STRONGER, a new magazine focused solely on our company’s corporate social responsibility efforts and features advertising from pro-bono and sustainably focused clients. This report can be viewed at stronger.interpublic.com.
LOOKING FORWARD
This remains an exciting time to be in marketing. While the macro business environment remains uncertain in some world markets, the opportunity in high-growth regions and in new technologies is significant and dynamic.
Our outlook for 2014 is informed by the fact we entered the new year with solid revenue momentum. The strength of our agency brands and our competitiveness on the new business front means we expect top line growth that is in-line with our industry peers. Compared to this time a year ago, our businesses are also seeing an improved climate for marketing investment in many key consumer markets. As a result, we have targeted a 3-4% organic revenue increase and 10.3% or better operating margin in 2014. Combined with our strong financial resources, this should put us in position to deliver growth and enhanced shareholder value in 2014 and the years to come.
As always, we thank you for your support. Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
2013 ANNUAL REPORT 3
