 A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
We have just come through an extremely challenging year. The pressures that the global economic crisis placed on our clients, across every industry and in all world regions, had significant effects on their marketing budgets. For the advertising and marketing services sector as a whole, this meant that 2009 was the most difficult year anyone currently active in the business has ever confronted.
Fortunately, we entered this period as well prepared as our company has been in over a decade. For some time, management has been working methodically to build a sound financial foundation for our company. We improved financial systems, people and controls, which has given us the tools to effectively manage the business. We maintained a conservative balance sheet and significantly enhanced our financial flexibility. This approach proved out last year, as the solid framework that we now have in place ensured stability despite the uncertainty that prevailed throughout 2009.
What is more, during the last few years, we’ve greatly strengthened our professional offerings to meet the evolving needs of clients in an increasingly fragmented and complex media environment. We took major strategic actions to re-position assets that had been underperforming and as a result have seen turnarounds at a number of our major operating units. We’ve focused on talent — successfully recruiting and developing senior leadership across the organization. We’ve continued to add digital expertise at all of our agencies. And we have made targeted acquisitions to supplement our network in emerging marketing disciplines and geographic regions where we see need or opportunity. Once again, developments last year, which included notable account wins in the most contemporary marketing disciplines, provided confirmation that the choices we have been
making position the company for long-term competitiveness. Above all, we remained close to our clients and stayed focused on meeting their changing needs — this is the ultimate driver of success in a service business. While we were forced to take many difficult decisions to keep the company on course in 2009, we did so with a view to what’s best for Interpublic’s future and for our key stakeholders. And we did so without wavering
from our core values of accountability and transparency.
OVERVIEW OF RESULTS
For the full year, revenues were down 10.8% organically compared to the previous period. This was primarily due to the impact of the recession on marketers’ willingness to spend. Despite these challenges, our company was profitable, as a direct result of the strong focus on cost discipline brought to bear by the management teams at all our agencies. Operating income was $341 million and operating margin was 5.7%, while operating margin excluding the increase in severance of $77 million from the prior year was 6.9%. Cash flow from operations was $541 million for the year, which underscores our strong working capital management practices. Earnings per diluted share were $0.19. Following the broad-based stock market reversal in 2008, the value of our stock rose 86% during 2009, which was well ahead of the market and our peers, and was IPG’s largest percentage share price appreciation in over 30 years.
In order to deliver this level of performance, many tough decisions had to be taken to protect margins and ensure that we will be ready to grow profitability in step with a broader recovery. Regrettably, this meant reducing our global workforce by 11% during the course of the year. Our ability to address the full range
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2009 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 
of our cost base around the world demonstrates sound operating control in a very challenging environment. At the same time, we were able to reduce debt, extend our maturity profile, add a new credit facility and increase our cash position. Together, these steps further enhance our liquidity and will allow us to continue to reduce debt from the ongoing cash flow of the business and cash- on-hand, which should help to further improve the company’s credit ratings.
As we go to press, we are beginning to see signs that the worst of the impact of the recession on our business is behind us. In the last quarter of 2009, we posted sequential improvement in our organic revenue performance relative to the previous six months. Clients are looking forward and re-focusing on their brands as they head into the new year. As economic conditions stabilize, we believe that we should see improvement during the course of 2010. We therefore find ourselves in a strong position to recoup much of the dramatic margin progress made from 2006 to 2008 — and then to build on that momentum in the years to come. We see these goals as readily achievable.
BEST-IN-CLASS OFFERING
Despite the economic challenges, our focus never wavered on continuing to deliver the most powerful and diverse range of professional offerings in the marketplace. We must keep evolving the business — by further transforming our talent base and migrating to new competencies, and realigning certain of our agencies. It was therefore gratifying to see IPG’s recent strategic moves, and our agencies’ best-in-class capabilities, being acknowledged in the marketplace. In 2009, IPG companies were honored by many of the most prestigious awards our industry has to offer. Our overall performance in this respect was outstanding among the marketing services holding companies. Equally notable was the fact it included representation from across the full range of our portfolio.
The Martin Agency, R/GA and UM swept the Adweek “Agency of the Year” awards in the US Creative, US Media and Digital categories. Martin and UM also appeared on the Ad Age “A-List,” along with Draftfcb and Weber Shandwick, one of the very few times a PR agency has ever made the list. R/GA was named “Digital Agency of the Decade” by Adweek. Golin Harris was PRWeek’s “Large Agency Of The Year” and Weber Shandwick was recognized by The Holmes Report as “Global PR Agency of the Year.” McCann became the first agency ever to win a Grand Prix at Cannes with a campaign created in China. Deutsch, Gotham and HUGE featured in Ad Age’s list of up-and- coming agencies. Crain’s recognized ID Media as one of the “Best Companies to Work For” in New York, while Draftfcb
earned the same distinction in Chicago, where it enjoys a dominant market position. While in 2009, UM won a slew of major media agency awards, the Initiative network had done so the previous year. This combination is why Media Post named our Mediabrands unit as the “Media Holding Company of the Year” for 2009.
These are just the highlights of a very long list — but they clearly demonstrate the high standard of work being done by so many of our agencies and our terrific people, around the world. These accolades also show that we are very much in the game when it comes to the competitiveness of our total offering. It’s why we will continue to be included in all major industry account reviews and how we’ll build on recent momentum in the new business arena. Looking across our portfolio of agencies, it is clear that we are well-positioned to grow when an economic recovery does take hold.
KEY AGENCY HIGHLIGHTS
Full-year 2009 performance at Draftfcb was exceptional, on both the top and bottom line, further validating the move we made to create a modern global agency that brings together marketing accountability and creativity in a media-neutral model. The agency’s powerful healthcare offering also played an important role in Draftfcb’s success. We saw continued improvement in other areas of the business that we have been focused on, such as Mediabrands. Not only are the Initiative and UM offerings strong, but we are also launching new digitally-driven capabilities, such as the Cadreon ad exchange, Geomentum, a new hyper-local media and marketing agency and the global rollout of Reprise Media, a leading search marketing specialist.
Lowe once again performed well with its major clients. At mid-year, the agency welcomed a new global CEO. We also added a dynamic North American hub to the network by aligning Deutsch with Lowe in the US and Canada. This combination should provide both agencies with the ability to participate in more multinational new business opportunities. McCann Worldgroup is a top-tier player in delivering best-in-class communications tools and resources to the world’s largest and most complex clients. In 2009, its operating units McCann Erickson Advertising, MRM Worldwide and Momentum Worldwide continued to deliver highly innovative and effective marketing programs. And in early 2010, we announced a smooth management succession at Worldgroup that will ensure McCann can capitalize on the dynamic changes taking place in media and marketing.
Our PR agencies — from the global networks to major national agencies and specialists in public affairs, entertainment
2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
 
and lifestyle marketing — delivered industry-leading work to their clients, including growing digital capabilities in areas such as social media and word of mouth marketing. This is what allows them to consistently gain share and outperform their peers. Our US independents, particularly The Martin Agency and Hill Holliday, also posted very strong results in spite of the economic challenges, as did our outstanding digital specialists R/GA and HUGE.
DOING WHAT’S RIGHT
Despite the significant economic downturn, our company and our people remained committed to contributing to the communities in which we work, as well as to a systematic and structured approach to achieving greater levels of diversity and inclusion at our companies. We believe that this type of concerted, long-term approach is the only way to achieve the lasting culture change that we seek across the organization.
As many of you know, IPG was the first global holding company in our industry to establish a dedicated diversity department and hire a Director of Diversity & Inclusion. Our D&I programs continue to lead our peer group. They include a cross- agency CEO Diversity Council, employee resource groups that involve thousands of employees from all of our companies, various internship and fellowship programs, online employee training and a range of sponsorships and partnerships, as well as initiatives to track and increase spending with third party minority-owned vendors. We are the only holding company in our industry that ties diversity goals directly to the incentive compensation of our senior agency and corporate leadership.
We’ve seen progress in the changing make-up of our employee base as a result of these efforts. From 2005 to 2009, as evident in our employment filings with the EEOC, there were improvements at the company of more than 30% within every minority ethnic group in the officials and managers category. This includes African Americans, Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans. We are pleased to see these changes, but we know there remains much work to be done. Further growth in this important area is a priority for our company.
Several years ago, we also began tracking the contributions our agencies make to community groups and good causes in all the markets in which we operate. The number of engagements has been growing steadily since we began this process, and last year, in the US alone, our agencies donated over $15 million of in-kind services to not-for-profit entities. We have also launched a new website that focuses on the pro bono activity across our organization. The site, accessible at interpublicgivesback.com,
features case histories of work that our agencies have completed for NGOs and community groups. Examples include the longest- running pro-bono advertising in the US, for The Forest Service, work for the Boys and Girls Club, City Harvest, CASA and Mullen’s “Buzzed Driving” work, which the Ad Council cites as the most successful PSA campaign in their history.
LOOKING FORWARD
As we move into 2010 and beyond, we’ll continue to pursue the strategies that have helped us put IPG on the right track.
You’ll see further investment in digital talent across all of our agency offerings. We will keep on developing analytics and tools that demonstrate that the work we do is moving the needle for our clients’ businesses. We will look to add to our strength in emerging high-growth global markets. We’ll also continue to refine our ability to deliver on marketing integration. We believe that implementing seamless integrated “best of IPG” solutions is becoming an increasingly important part of meeting clients’ needs in today’s world. As such, we’ve made this a key strategic priority in recent years and this capability is part of what has begun to differentiate us in the marketplace, fueling multiple major new business wins.
This combination of a contemporary, forward-looking offering, highly disciplined financial management and a strong global presence will be the key drivers of our success. Although we can’t control the kinds of large-scale economic forces that made 2009 so challenging, our results last year demonstrate that the steps we have been taking allowed us to navigate difficult times. These same decisions have also positioned us well for long- term success.
As always, I thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
2009 ANNUAL REPORT 3
