 A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
In recent years, our company has made significant progress in improving its competitiveness and financial performance. It’s gratifying to report to you that this trend continued in 2008.
We achieved very strong results in terms of revenue growth, cash flow and profitability. IPG’s organic growth performance placed us at the top end of our peer group, reflecting our leadership in delivering innovative marketing solutions. What is more, our agencies’ best-in-class professional offerings were recognized by several of the most prestigious honors our industry has to offer. Cash flow from operations has improved by close to a billion dollars in just a few years’ time. Operating income and earnings were at the highest levels since 2000.
These results demonstrate the kind of progress we foresaw when the current management team set out a little over three years ago to transform IPG. The strategic actions we have taken, the financial infrastructure that’s been put in place and the talent that has joined our ranks, across the organization, are clearly paying off. Of course, our strong performance is ultimately a testament to the talent and commitment of our people — for which we both recognize and thank them.
OVERVIEW OF RESULTS
Overall, we met the ambitious targets we set for the company. This is notable in and of itself, but even more so given
that the business environment deteriorated so dramatically during the final six weeks of the year. Last year’s organic revenue growth of 3.8% was equal to or better than that of all our principal competitors. Every one of our major global networks — from advertising to media to marketing services — posted organic growth, as did all world regions.
Progress in margin performance also continued throughout 2008. IPG’s trailing 12-month operating margin trend has now shown improvement for 10 consecutive quarters. In the fourth quarter, despite an organic revenue decrease due to the broader economic conditions, we were nonetheless able to increase operating margin by close to 400 basis points.
For the full year, operating income jumped from $344 million in 2007 to $590 million in 2008, an increase of 71%. Earnings per diluted share of $0.52 for 2008 — double the previous year’s result. Cash flow from operations showed dramatic improvement at $865 million for 2008, compared to $298 million in 2007. Our continued commitment to conservatively managing the balance sheet has placed us on solid financial footing, which will be vital as we move through the uncertain economy that we will all be facing for the remainder of 2009.
It’s worth noting that important contributions to achieving these results came from the broadest cross-section of our agencies. Those companies and areas of the business that were most
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2008 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 
challenged a few years ago are consistently showing improvement in growth and profitability.
LEADING EDGE OFFERINGS
I have previously written to you about the changes that are shaping our industry. From fragmented media that requires increasingly complex channel planning, to new technology that allows consumers to determine how and when they’ll interact with the messages we create, the business landscape in which we operate is being re-defined. New technologies that allow marketers to deploy ever more personalized messages and track their effectiveness will continue to be introduced and to gain in prominence. Yet people’s usage of media will also continue to include traditional vehicles, particularly television content. Understanding these changes and their implications, identifying the key consumer trends and insights that allow us to reach consumers and crafting messages that connect and motivate in this new world — these are the challenges we face. They represent both risk and opportunity for providers of marketing services, as clients look to us for guidance in this era of digitally-enabled communications.
To meet these evolving client needs, our most significant investment during the past three years has been in talent and professional development. The result of this commitment is that digitally-conversant practitioners are now embedded in the core offerings at our agencies, in all marketing disciplines, from advertising, media and CRM, to public relations and event marketing. As a result, our powerful range of agency brands is positioned to play an increasingly important role in the ongoing conversation between marketers and consumers.
McCann Worldgroup remains a dominant player in delivering best-in-class communications tools and resources to major multinational clients. In 2008, its operating units McCann Erickson Advertising, MRM Worldwide and Momentum Worldwide continued to win market share and deliver highly innovative and effective marketing programs.
We see marketing services as a growth sector for IPG, driven by our world-class capabilities in public relations, experiential marketing, branding and design, as well as sports marketing. Last year, the companies in our CMG group — Weber Shandwick, Golin Harris, Jack Morton, Futurebrand and Octagon — once again distinguished themselves in the marketplace.
Draftfcb completed its first full year of operations in 2008, meeting the demanding financial targets we set for the agency. It achieved these goals by delivering on its promise of creating programs that combine the accountability of behavior-based
marketing with the creativity of traditional brand advertising, under a unified leadership team and P&L.
Lowe Worldwide is living up to its promise of becoming a leading global creative resource known for “High Value Ideas.” The agency not only won new clients during the past twelve months, it added significant new business from its existing multinational clients and returned to profitability. Lowe’s turnaround is a significant accomplishment for our holding company.
Media services companies, which help clients plan where and how they should deliver their messages, are increasingly vital partners to major marketers. To solidify IPG’s position as a leader in deploying strategic media solutions, during 2008 we launched Mediabrands, a management entity to oversee our media assets. The success of Mediabrands was evident in its strong financial results, in the widespread “Agency of Year” recognition and outstanding new business record we saw at Initiative and in the continued re-invigoration of Universal McCann, which works with many of the world’s leading global companies and most sophisticated technology clients.
Our U.S. independent agencies offer integrated marketing programs to their clients. This group includes industry leaders such as Campbell-Ewald, Carmichael Lynch, Deutsch, Hill Holliday, The Martin Agency and Mullen — agencies that performed well in 2008 and provide us with a unique set of offerings for clients seeking full service solutions from mid-sized companies with entrepreneurial cultures. R/GA enjoyed great success last year and continues to be universally recognized as the industry’s pre-eminent digital agency. Its offerings and its model push the boundaries of marketing into areas as diverse as applications development, systematic design and the integration of online media with retail marketing and even a client’s physical product. Our healthcare marketing agencies at Draftfcb, McCann and Lowe also excelled, in terms of their individual offerings and their ability to collaborate on a number of major consolidation wins with both existing and new clients.
STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS
In 2008, we continued to take important steps in building tools and capabilities to capitalize on high growth segments of the business. This will ensure that we can keep delivering the highest standard of marketing communications.
To that end, we completed a major transaction in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, increasing our stake in the Middle East Communications Network (MCN) from a minority position to majority ownership. MENA countries are home to over
2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
 
300 million people, a growing and dynamic population, as well as economies with some of the highest per capita GDP in the world. Our long-time partners at MCN operate the region’s leading full- service network of marketing agencies and we look forward to continued success with them.
Combined with similar transactions in India and Brazil in recent years that have solidified our leadership position in these key markets, our close association with one of Russia’s most powerful agency groups and continued investment behind our global agencies in China, we are well positioned to benefit from future growth in these vital, developing economies.
Along with our ongoing, organic development of native digital expertise within all our existing agencies, in 2008 we also made a significant move in the e-commerce space when we acquired a majority interest in HUGE. Every month, one in four American consumers interact or transact with an online business created by this agency. HUGE adds to our portfolio of high quality digital specialist agencies — led by R/GA, Reprise Media (search), Ansible (mobile marketing), the IPG Emerging Media Lab — and strategic stakes and alliances with companies such as Facebook, SpotRunner, Navic, Joost, BuzzAgent and many more. These digital marketing pioneers and partner companies provide our people and our agencies with the necessary insights to stay at the leading edge of the evolving digital media.
LOOKING AHEAD
During 2008 we posted the best performance IPG has delivered in many years. Our conservative approach to the balance sheet and liquidity has put us in a strong position, with the necessary financial flexibility to weather the current volatile economic times. The dramatic improvements in our financial talent and systems have led to significant gains in profitability and will allow us to weather the downturn by managing costs. In terms of our professional offerings, all of our companies are well positioned to compete effectively in an increasingly digital, accountable and integrated marketing environment.
Going forward, we will remain focused on the strategic priority that has been a key driver of our recent success — our people and our talent. We must continue to bring in strong players, across all disciplines, into all of our agencies. We have to keep growing our capabilities in areas like digital, strategic planning and analytics. We will continue to devote considerable resources on our diversity initiatives, which we believe lead the industry, and which we know will provide us with competitive advantage in the market for talent and in our ability to create winning ideas. Above all, we must continue to make progress in delivering “best of IPG” solutions that bring the full range of
integrated services to our clients — whether through a single agency brand or a custom, collaborative approach that taps into multiple resources from across IPG. Because, at the end of the day, it’s all about our clients.
As of this writing, the economic climate during the first quarter of 2009 has proven to be extremely challenging for all companies, as well as for the consumers with whom we must connect on behalf of our clients. Our plan is therefore to remain focused on the basics: delivering value to clients and managing the business proactively and conservatively. These are the fundamentals that will allow us to come through this difficult period having consolidated the gains made in recent years and ready to capitalize on future opportunities. Which is what is required to ensure long-term growth for IPG and all of our business partners.
As always, thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
2008 ANNUAL REPORT 3
