 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
The past year saw solid and steady progress at Interpublic. This was apparent in areas ranging from our financial performance and our control environment to the continued strengthening of our talent base and the strategic deployment of our assets.
When I last wrote to you, our company was emerging from a difficult period. Our primary focus had, by necessity, been on financial controls and a large, complex restatement. There also remained work to be done in re-positioning or re-invigorating certain of our offerings.
It is gratifying to report that, just twelve months later, we are well on our way to fully remediating our control environment on schedule, by the end of 2007. We are equally pleased that the company posted underlying organic revenue growth in 2006 — this is notable since we overcame a significant hurdle created by past client losses.
What we are delivering is right in line with the plan for achieving our turnaround that we consistently communicated with shareholders over the course of many meetings and conferences that we attended during the past year.
STRATEGIC DIRECTION
It’s no secret that the media and marketing industries are moving through one of the most dynamic periods in their history. We are
witnessing an unprecedented proliferation in media outlets and dramatic growth in the time people spend with digital channels. Consumers everywhere are actively taking charge of their use of media and their interactions with marketing messages. On-demand content and commercial communications are fast becoming the norm. These provide us and our clients with a complex range of tools for getting product and brand information to individuals at precisely the right time in the consideration and purchase cycle. This, in turn, presents both a great challenge and a commensurate opportunity for those of us in the marketing services sector.
In 2006, we took a number of major steps that position the company to move forward and help our clients navigate the media landscape at this exciting time.
The most significant of these strategic moves was the decision announced in June to merge Draft and fcb to create a modern agency model. The new Draftfcb represents an accountable, integrated and creative type of marketing that is highly responsive to the environment in which our clients operate today. Late in the year, we also reorganized our media operations to align the strategic communications planning process more closely with our global network agencies. This approach differentiates us from many of our competitors and has
A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 
already begun to generate interest in the marketplace. Throughout the course of 2006, we also continued to make investments to strengthen or build out digital media capabilities within our existing agencies.
Another fundamental development that provides greater strategic latitude going forward was our success in improving the company’s capital structure. This was achieved through the Enhanced Liquidity Financing (“ELF”) transaction at mid-year and the debt exchanges that were completed in the fourth quarter. The resulting financial flexibility will allow us to participate more actively in both the digital space and in building our business in key emerging economies, particularly in Asia.
These strategic steps, as well as our continued investment in talent, were primary drivers behind the company’s positive organic revenue performance in 2006.
OVERVIEW OF 2006 RESULTS
Reported revenue was $6.19 billion for the full-year; our organic revenue performance increased 1.0% during that period. This growth was primarily due to increasing work from existing clients and was led by marketing services activity, notably public relations, digital and direct.
Achieving positive organic growth was noteworthy in that we more than replaced the revenue deficit created by our losses in 2005, which was substantial at approximately 3%. In the United States — which bore the brunt of the past losses — organic revenue growth was 0.5% for the year. Outside the U.S., organic growth was 1.5%, with Continental Europe up 1.3%, Latin America posting double digit growth and Asia Pacific increasing by 9.5% year-on-year.
Operating expenses for 2006 were $6.08 billion, compared to $6.38 billion in 2005. This step-down reflects the success we’ve had in driving out costs in office and general expenses, with professional fees continuing to come down as we indicated that they would. For the full year, salaries and related were 63.7% to revenues, the same level as a year ago. Full-year 2006 operating income was $106.0 million, compared to a loss of $104.2 million in 2005.
COSTS AND CONTROLS
In these key areas, we saw evidence that our investments in talent and infrastructure are beginning to bear fruit.
By leveraging the internal resources we now have in place, we were able to dramatically reduce our dependence on outside financial professionals. We also made significant progress against essential goals, such as financial system consolidation. We
remediated eight material control weaknesses, ahead of plan. And we continued to attack an overly complex, legacy structure by eliminating over a hundred legal entities and rationalizing our portfolio to exit or consolidate loss-making international affiliates.
Getting controls firmly in hand, selectively centralizing systems and streamlining our organization will allow our finance leadership — at both corporate and within the operating units — to better focus on managing the business and driving improvements in operating performance. This is essential for us to deliver on commitment to structural margin improvement.
VITALITY ACROSS OUR COMPANIES
The other key component for us to meet our 2008 turnaround targets will be growth.
During 2006, we saw wins at McCann, Draftfcb and Lowe. Within CMG, our marketing specialist division, every one of our units made contributions, with particular strength in public relations and signs of real recovery in the corporate identity sector. Our independent, fully-integrated U.S. agencies were regulars on both new business pitch lists and in the winner’s circle.
Of particular note, we regained business from a number of marketers that had previously been our clients, including work from Bank of America, Gateway, Ikea and DirecTV. And we have kept the positive momentum going with a number of big wins in the first quarter of 2007. This performance demonstrates that our success in recruiting talent over the past 18 months, coupled with our focus on emerging areas within the business, have put us in position to achieve competitive organic revenue performance.
A POWERFUL PORTFOLIO OF BRANDS
Across Interpublic, our people and our agencies are responding to the dynamic changes facing our industry.
McCann Worldgroup remains a powerful force on the global stage, delivering best-in-class solutions to some of the world’s largest and most sophisticated clients. We continue to invest in fast-growth capabilities within the Worldgroup, such as Momentum and MRM, which will keep their integrated offering at the leading edge in an evolving marketplace.
The merger of Draft and fcb is creating a modern agency that anticipates the needs of clients. Integration efforts are progressing well and Draftfcb has consistently tracked ahead of the assumptions that we made in effecting the merger. We continue to believe in their new model and its ability to connect brands with today’s consumers and to make real the promise of accountable communications.
2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
 
The new approach we are taking at Lowe has also begun to take hold. There has been a huge influx of talent into the agency and we are seeing progress as the new team seeks to become a preferred provider of high-value ideas to major marketers and as it partners with other Interpublic assets through our “flexible architecture” approach.
Our company now features three highly distinct full-service networks, each driven by a core strength, each able to deliver across geography and each relevant to the needs of today’s clients.
Our marketing services specialists are also a powerful differentiator for us. Weber Shandwick is the global leader in public relations, an area in which we have a range of strong assets encompassing consumer expertise, advocacy and government relations, as well as entertainment PR. Jack Morton is the industry leader in experiential marketing, which is increasingly important given the current media landscape. FutureBrand has begun to show vitality and Octagon remains among the world’s top sports marketing firms.
The strength of our U.S. independents was a key contributor to our results in 2006. Led by Cambell-Ewald, Campbell Mithun, Carmichael Lynch, Deutsch, Hill Holiday, The Martin Agency and Mullen, we have a uniquely powerful group of agencies, each offering great creativity and an integrated suite of services under one roof.
Our move to a new media model, while still in the early stages, is being well received by many marketers who are increasingly asking us to provide integrated thinking — from brand strategy through creative and media. That’s a given for success in a world that is increasingly driven by technology, channel fragmentation and an empowered consumer.
We will increasingly be looking at investment opportunities in leading-edge capabilities, such as those we’ve already built at R/GA, arguably the industry’s leading digital agency, at MAP for marketing accountability and within the Interpublic Emerging Media Lab. We’ll also be exploring new types of deals and alliances with technology partners, such as those we have already entered into with digital media companies such as SpotRunner and Facebook.
LOOKING FORWARD
All in, the past twelve months have been good ones for Interpublic. We met our stated goals of making 2006 a year of stabilization and one in which we would position ourselves for future success.
The commitment and dedication being shown by our people, across the world, is making a difference. Together, we’ve built a solid foundation for the future. But there is still much work to be
done — and we are fully aware of the responsibility of meeting our long-term objectives.
Our key financial priorities for 2007 will therefore be to achieve full remediation of the control environment, to continue to improve the company’s overall financial strength and — most important — to show demonstrable progress toward the margin targets we have set for our turnaround.
The other primary focus for us will be on transitioning from revenue stabilization to revenue growth. To do so, we will continue to invest in and develop the digital and marketing services components of our business. And we will focus on expanding our presence and our offerings in the key BRIC markets, particularly India, where we have very strong assets, and China, where we see the greatest opportunity for growth.
We are on the right course. Now, our people and our companies must rally around two vital imperatives. First, to support our clients and stake out our position as the industry’s most client-centric holding group. Second, to deliver against our operating plans. We have set the stage. Now, it comes down to execution. That will be the key to building on our recent progress and to creating sustainable shareholder value.
As always, we thank you for your support. Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
2006 ANNUAL REPORT 3
