Chairman's Message

In 2000 we began a journey to transform our company to become an upper echelon diversified industrial firm capable of delivering consistently improving financial performance across all phases of the economic cycle. That journey began with a vision to achieve greater shareholder value through an emphasis on Dramatic Growth, Operational Excellence and Dual Citizenship--the last being our term for exchanging knowledge, sharing best practices, and leveraging our collective enterprise resources. Based on our performance in key financial and operational measures, our journey continues to be successful. Over the past five years our company has consistently generated annual growth in revenues and earnings, and achieved--or made strong progress toward--important financial and operational targets that distinguish Ingersoll Rand as a top quartile diversified industrial company. Perhaps most importantly, we continue to find opportunities to improve the way we work, to produce revenue and earnings growth, and to increase shareholder value.

A Test of Our Strategy
Revenues
In Billions

Operating Margin

$12 $10 $8

12.5%

10%

7.5% $6 5% $4 $2 2.5%

Even as we began our company's transformation, we knew there would be a time when our strategy would face its first true test. That test arrived in 2006, and I am pleased to say our financial results proved that our company can effectively manage through uneven economic conditions and deliver solid performance. Despite a sharp decline in the North American residential construction market in the second half of 2006, which significantly affected our Bobcat business and a portion of our Security Technologies business, we achieved record revenues and earnings per share from continuing operations. To put our 2006 results in context we have established five annual financial goals, which we aspire to regardless of prevailing economic or market conditions:

02 03 04 05 06

02 03 04 05 06


Revenue growth of 8% to 12%, with half coming from organic growth and half from acquisitions
2006 Annual Report 1

Selected Financial Data
amounts At and for the years ended December 31,

In millions, except per share

2006
$ 11,409.3 1,068.3 12,145.9 905.2 5,404.8

2005
$ 10,546.9 1,053.1 11,756.4 1,184.3 5,762.0

2004
$ 9,393.6 829.8 11,414.6 1,267.6 5,733.8

2003
$ 8,249.3 532.8 10,664.9 1,518.4 4,493.3

2002
$ 7,583.0 322.4 10,809.6 2,091.4 3,478.2

Net revenues Earnings from continuing operations Total assets Long-term debt Shareholders' equity Basic earnings per common share:* Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings per common share:* Continuing operations Discontinued operations Dividends per common share *

$3.34 ( 0.11)

$3.12 --

$2.40 1.12

$1.56 0.32

$0.96 0.41

$3.31 ( 0.11) $0.68

$3.09 -- $0.57

$2.36 1.11 $0.44

$1.55 0.32 $0.36

$0.95 0.41 $0.34

* These amounts have been restated to reflect a two-for-one stock split, effective September 1, 2005.



Operating margin of 15% Earnings per share growth of 12% to 15% Return on invested capital of 15% Available cash flow of at least $800 million

Our operating income improved by nearly 6%, but operating margins declined slightly as a result of dramatically higher material costs and a less profitable revenue mix. Still, our 2006 operating margin of 12.6% represented a full five percentage-point increase compared with our 2002 operating margin of 7.6%. Our company continued to be a strong cash generator, with 2006 available cash flow of $760 million. Over the past nine years we have generated more than $6 billion of available cash flow. In 2006, our return on invested capital (ROIC) improved to 14.2%, a slight increase compared with 2005, and closer yet toward our annual target of 15%. Of note, our ROIC has improved by almost a full six percentage points since 2002. Our debt balance at the end of 2006 was approximately $2.0 billion, or approximately $1.6 billion of net debt. Our debt to capital ratio was approximately 26.6%, a comfortable level from which to execute our growth strategies. In contrast, our debt to capital ratio in 2002 stood at 47%.
  Available cash flow consists of cash flows from operating activities (excluding voluntary pension contributions) and discontinued operations minus capital expenditures.







We have performed well against these goals from the outset; however, in 2006, our annual progress paused slightly in the face of severe business challenges. Still, our 2006 performance demonstrated that we have established a solid foundation to consistently advance toward our annual financial targets. In 2006, we exceeded $11 billion in revenues for the first time in our company's history, bolstered by a 7% increase in organic revenues compared with 2005. This increase in organic revenues exceeded our annual target and testifies to the strength of our homegrown innovation and ability to provide creative solutions for our customers. Our earnings per share from continuing operations increased by 10%, excluding a $27 million charge to increase tax reserves connected to an audit of the 1998 through 2000 tax years.
 Unless otherwise specified, all amounts are before the restatement of 2006 financials relating to the proposed sale of the Road Development business.

2

Ingersoll Rand

Continuing Our Transformation
On February 27, 2007, we reached an agreement to sell our Road Development business unit to AB Volvo for cash proceeds of approximately $1.3 billion. The sale of the Road Development business reflects our strategy to transition away from capital-intense, heavy-machinery businesses and improves the company's efforts to consistently achieve aggressive financial objectives over the long term. Overall, the proposed sale will generate net cash proceeds of more than $900 million for Ingersoll Rand. When finalized, the sale will represent another important step in our transformation to become a diversified industrial company. In pursuing this goal, over the past seven years we have divested heavy-machinery, capitalintensive businesses, and completed approximately 65 bolt-on acquisitions of businesses whose markets and operational characteristics in the aggregate offer the prospect of more consistent financial performance over the long term. The prospective sale of our Road Development business will result in the elimination of Construction Technologies as a separately reported financial segment. The financial results of our Utility Equipment and Attachments businesses will be reported within the Compact Equipment Technologies segment, which also includes our Bobcat and Club Car businesses.

Generating Dramatic Growth
We are especially pleased with our ability to continue making progress against our imperative to achieve Dramatic Growth. Since 2001 our revenues have increased at a 9% compounded annual growth rate, which is within our annual target of 8% to 12% growth for total revenues. This revenue performance indicates that we have been successful in identifying and competing in the global markets that now form the core focus of our company, and that we are benefiting from a growth strategy predicated on innovation, recurring revenues and acquisitions. We are delivering strong organic revenues through a strong focus on innovation. Every

Earnings Per Share

1,2

Available Cash Flow
In Millions

3

Year-End Debt-to-Capital

Dividend Payments
Per Share

2

Diluted, from Continuing Operations

$3.00 $2.50

$800

50%

$.625

40% $600

$.50

$2.00 30% $1.50 $1.00 $200 $0.50 10% $.125 $400 20% $.25 $.375

02 03 04 05 06

02 03 04 05 06

02 03 04 05 06

02 03 04 05 06

1. 2006 excludes a third-quarter tax charge to increase tax reserves connected to an audit of 1998 ­2000 tax years. 2. Adjusted to reflect a two-for-one stock split, effective September 1, 2005.

3. Available cash flow consists of cash flows from operating activities (excluding voluntary pension contributions) and discontinued operations minus capital expenditures. Amounts for 2002, 2003 and 2004 represent historical figures.

2006 Annual Report

3

one of our business sectors introduced new products during the year, and collectively we generated more than $1.3 billion in 2006 revenues from products introduced over the past three years. We expect this type of performance to continue as during the year we invested $175 million in development and engineering for new products across all of our businesses. In 2006 our total recurring revenues, which include revenues from parts, service, rental, attachments, and used equipment, totaled approximately $2.4 billion, or about 21% of total revenues for the year. This represented an increase of approximately 11% compared with 2005. All of our sectors reported excellent improvement in recurring revenues compared with 2005. Of note, recurring revenue has more than doubled since 2000 and today provides an important foundation for growth regardless of prevailing economic conditions. We remain committed to supplementing our organic growth with acquisitions that extend our product technologies, expand our markets, and broaden our recurring revenue stream. In 2006, we reviewed many acquisition candidates, but the majority of these were priced at an unacceptable premium relative to our investment criteria. Still, the acquisitions we did complete complement our existing businesses and enhance our customer offerings.


Celebrating 100 Years of Creating Shareholder Value
On November 1, 2006, we celebrated a milestone shared by only a handful of companies ­ 100 years of continuous listing on The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) ­ by ringing the closing bell on the floor of the exchange. Ingersoll Rand was first listed on the NYSE on Wednesday, October 10, 1906, and the company's shares first traded the following day. The company's performance over the years has benefited many investors through share price appreciation and dividends. In fact, our company has paid annual dividends since 1910, including consecutive quarterly cash dividends since 1919. Overall, one share of our common stock in 1906, which was then valued at $41, today would be worth a gross value of nearly $15 million, with dividends reinvested and excluding taxes. Our longevity as a public company reflects Ingersoll Rand's ability to grow, adjust and succeed over the years despite several periods of economic and global adversity throughout the past century. Our recent transformation sets the stage for another 100 years of success and creating shareholder value.

In January 2006, we completed the acquisition of an 80% share of Shenzhen Bocom Systems Engineering Co. Ltd. (Bocom). Bocom is the largest independent security systems integration company in China.



In September 2006, we purchased the assets of ZEKS Compressed Air Solutions, a leading North American provider of compressed air treatment. ZEKS' product line includes air dryers, filters and systems controllers that maximize the productivity and reliability of compressed air systems.



In October 2006, we acquired the global low-pressure air business of BOC Edwards,

4

Ingersoll Rand

a business of the Linde Group. This business develops, manufactures, sells and services a complete line of centrifugal blowers and industrial and mobile positive displacement blowers, complementing Ingersoll Rand's existing line of compressed air technologies and services.


All Ingersoll Rand employees will be involved in some aspect of the Business Operating System, regardless of their locations or positions they hold. As a result, the Business Operating System will become the hallmark of our corporate culture, and it will become the way we do things to drive performance improvements in all areas of our company.

In October 2006, we acquired Geith International, a leading provider of a wide range of attachments for the construction, excavation, demolition and scrap handling industries. These acquisitions are expected to add more

than $100 million to 2007 revenues.

Pursuing Operational Excellence
Our focus on Operational Excellence drives us to achieve continuous improvement and reduced costs through best practices and efficient business processes across our global operations. We are expanding our tools, strengthening our processes and building the capabilities of our people in order to deliver on our operational-excellence imperative. The centerpiece of this effort is Ingersoll Rand's Business Operating System, which, powered by Lean Six Sigma methodologies, is driving continuous improvement across all of our business activities and all of our global operations. Formally stated, the Business Operating System is dedicated to advancing the Ingersoll Rand vision by creating standard, repeatable business processes that ensure continuous improvement and enhance customers' experiences as employees across the globe use common tools to build and share best practices every day. The Business Operating System ensures that every Ingersoll Rand employee is equipped with the same structure, tools and methodology to sustain continuous improvement. As it becomes the way we get the job done every day, the Business Operating System will prove to be a powerful vehicle for improving the company's capabilities and competitiveness.

We have the fundamental ingredients to deliver superior results. We have excellent people,great products, and well-regarded brands, along with a global presence in markets that remain vital to economic and industrial progress.

Benefiting from Dual Citizenship
Our pursuit of Dual Citizenship reflects our intention to leverage Ingersoll Rand's global capabilities, including knowledge, best practices, assets, and resources, to benefit our customers, our employees and our company. With the launch of our Enterprise Focus Areas in mid 2006, we initiated what is perhaps the most expansive practice of Dual Citizenship since we established this part of our company's vision in 2000. The work of the Enterprise Focus Areas comprises the major business activities we engage in, as described on page 6. Each Enterprise Focus Area consists of a team of employees from every major business and includes global representation. These teams are responsible for identifying and developing plans to standardize business processes that are critical to achieving our business goals,
2006 Annual Report 5

Enterprise Focus Areas
Ingersoll Rand's Business Operating System, which comprises the common structure, tools, and methodology to drive a culture of continuous improvement, includes an emphasis on six critical areas of our long-term strategy, outlined here. We call these our Enterprise Focus Areas (EFA). Members of our Enterprise Focus Area teams are responsible for identifying and developing standardized business processes in these areas, which then become part of our Business Operating System.
Strategic Management The Strategic Management EFA is focused on enabling Ingersoll Rand to efficiently manage people, processes and practices to drive the success of the company. An integrated business system, the Strategic Management System, is already in place under this EFA, connecting all existing strategic business processes and aligning the development and execution of vision and strategy across the company. Global Leadership The Global Leadership EFA is working to inculcate leadership talent deep into the global organization, and to align employees with the company's strategic growth plans. In particular, this EFA is focused on providing managers with the tools and processes that will enable and support them in working jointly with their employees to provide the best training and development opportunities and to encourage employee engagement. Innovation The Innovation EFA is working across the enterprise to define and align a consistent process and approach to innovation. The EFA is focusing on three business processes crucial to innovation: Idea Generation, or understanding all the different ways we can create value; Idea Assessment, developing a quick and efficient process to evaluate ideas; and Idea Implementation, or transforming ideas into profitable business opportunities. Customer Value The Customer Value EFA is focused on expanding Ingersoll Rand's value proposition to its customers by enhancing channel performance, accelerating market entry and driving continuous improvement through action-oriented Voice of Market processes. In particular, this EFA is striving to optimize channel performance in mature markets and accelerating the company's ability to provide value in new markets. Life Cycle Management The Life Cycle Management EFA seeks to extend relationships with our customers by providing valueadded services in areas such as warranties, service contracts, remarketing and replacement parts. At the EFA's core are four customer-value drivers: Asset Intensity, or providing a solution rather than just a product; Reliability and Risk Reduction, which translates into less downtime for the customer; Efficiency, by saving energy and eliminating waste; and Convenience, by providing services for Ingersoll Rand and nonIngersoll Rand equipment. World Class Operations The World Class Operations EFA is focused on enhancing the company's working environment, increasing business opportunities by implementing common processes within a common culture, and reducing costs and inventory. This EFA provides the stewardship for the company's Lean Six Sigma deployment, providing employees with the required tools, methodologies and techniques to successfully reduce waste and variation across our operations and to execute future common processes.

6

Ingersoll Rand

and which eventually will become part of our Business Operating System. To offer an analogy, the Enterprise Focus Areas will provide the genetic code that constitutes Ingersoll Rand's Business Operating System and that, ultimately, characterizes our "One Company" culture. For example, the Innovation Enterprise Focus Area is working on developing common methodologies for idea generation, idea assessment and idea implementation, which all Ingersoll Rand employees who are engaged in new product or service development will deploy. Similarly, all other Enterprise Focus Areas will define and create the processes that will ensure repeatable success across our business activities. Another component helping to drive progress in our Enterprise Focus Areas are several dozen councils that have been formed across the company comprising major functional and operational disciplines. These councils, which also consist of multi-business membership, contribute valuable expertise and advice to advance the work of our Enterprise Focus Areas, and represent a powerful Dual Citizenship engine for our company's continuing progress. We work hard to steward the world's resources and to ensure the health and safety of our people, our customers and our neighbors. Our commitment to sound environmental, safety and health operating practices is leading to decreased use of hazardous substances; reduced waste and emissions; improved energy and water conservation; greater reuse and recycling of materials; and prevention of accidents and injuries across our operations. Our employees lead this effort within our facilities, and they extend their care and concern to the communities where we work by contributing donations and volunteering their time and services to provide assistance and relief to our neighbors who are in need of help. Through our innovative products and services, we seek to create a positive impact on societies throughout the world. Our products help conserve energy, improve user safety, enhance economic growth, increase the yield of the global harvest, and provide a host of other benefits to society. We will continue looking for ways to improve the work we do, and the products we make, to meet our commitment to our customers, our colleagues and our communities.

Meeting Our Global Responsibility

Well Positioned for Progress
Our solid revenue and earnings growth, our strong cash generation capability, and our solid balance sheet provide the flexibility to reinvest in our core businesses to fuel innovation, support growth initiatives, drive operational improvement, and take steps to enhance shareholder value. In August 2006, our board of directors increased the quarterly dividend on Ingersoll Rand's Class A common shares by approximately 13%. The company's dividend has increased by approximately 90% over the past three years. In addition, we continued our share buyback program, which we believe is a sound investment to increase the long-term value of the company's outstanding shares. Of note, in the fourth quarter of 2006 we completed the $2 billion

2006 Annual Report

7

share repurchase program that the board authorized in 2004, and in December 2006 the board authorized a new share repurchase program for an additional $2 billion. With these actions, our board of directors has demonstrated its confidence in our company's strategy and future performance. By now it is evident that our company no longer reflects the capital-intense, heavy-machinery profile of our past. Instead, today's Ingersoll Rand is a multi-brand commercial products manufacturer serving customers in diverse global markets. Ingersoll Rand is a different, and better, company today, and we are poised to generate greater progress and value for customers and shareholders.

new pathways for sharing knowledge, best practices and resources for the benefit of the global enterprise. We are a stronger company by virtue of our diversified business portfolio, where softness in one market can be offset by the strength of other markets in which we participate. Ultimately, we are confident that each of our businesses will, over the long term, deliver strong growth and financial returns. This confidence encourages us to establish aggressive financial targets, and pursue the operational standards that characterize best-in-class diversified industrial firms. We are continuing to execute our strategy, which has delivered solid results for the past seven years. We have become a truly global company, able to serve our global markets through a considerably improved and more geographically balanced manufacturing footprint. We have created a strong foundation for growth by expanding our stream of recurring revenues and through a commitment to innovation across all of our businesses. We are demonstrating operational excellence every day, and the benefits of our Business Operating System will dramatically improve our already strong results in this area. I am confident that we have experienced only the beginning of the long-term benefits that will accrue from our company's transformation. We still have room for improvement, we still have many opportunities ahead of us, and we are well prepared to manage the challenges that may arise. I thank all of our customers, employees and shareholders for contributing to our company's past success and future progress.

We are benefiting from a growth strategy predicated on innovation, recurring revenues and acquisitions.
We have the fundamental ingredients to deliver superior results. We have excellent people, great products, and well-regarded brands, along with a global presence in markets that remain vital to economic and industrial progress. Across our businesses, customers prefer our solutions, and we continue to meet their needs through innovations that set the pace within our markets. Furthermore, our focus on building a "One Ingersoll Rand" culture is creating

Herbert L. Henkel Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

April 2007
8 Ingersoll Rand

