Message from Our Chairman and CEO

Dear Shareholder:
I am pleased to report that Ingersoll Rand delivered strong performance in 2012. Our ability to grow earnings, cash flow and operating margins during weak market conditions affirms that our strategies--operational excellence, growth through innovation and a progressive, diverse and inclusive culture (PDI)--are the right ones to achieve premier performance. We have maintained a relentless focus on leveraging costs, investing in growth markets, increasing productivity, and deploying capital to fund growth and deliver attractive returns to our shareholders.
Highlighting Our Financial Performance When I became CEO in 2010, we began a journey to increase the operating capability of the
Growth through Innovation, Emerging Markets and Services Operational Excellence

Michael W. Lamach Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Our Path to Premier Performance

company, focusing on innovation and operational excellence. These initiatives have increased our operating margins almost 400 basis points over the last three years, while enabling a consistent increase in investments in the business. Ingersoll Rand continued to make great progress in 2012. We improved the competitive strength of our businesses, increased operating margins and improved earnings per share (EPS). Below are some of our financial highlights:

PREMIER PERFORMANCE Progressive, Diverse and Inclusive Culture

·Year-over-year EPS increase of 23 percent on a 1 percent comparable revenue increase,
excluding Hussmann;

·Annual dividend increase of 20 cents, reflecting a 31 percent increase; the dividend will,
in 2013, exceed the 2008 peak dividend by 17 percent;

·Repurchased shares totaling $840 million; and ·Achieved one of the highest total shareholder returns in our peer group and outperformed
the S&P 500 and S&P Industrials, as we have for three of the past four years.

2

Ingersoll Rand

Message from Our Chairman and CEO

Total Net Revenues (Billions)

While pleased with our progress, we also had our share of challenges this $14.0 $14.8 $14.0 $13.0 year. Although our financial performance was strong, we did not achieve our growth objectives, largely due to slower economic conditions in many key markets around the world. Comparable revenue increased 1 percent to 2011 with full-year net revenues just over $14 billion. We know that premier performance cannot be achieved by productivity alone, and we are committed to growing revenues through operational excellence, innovation and investments to develop new markets.

2012 2011 2010 2009

$1 Billion Increase from 2009 to 2012

Adjusted Operating Margins

Operational Excellence In the past year, we advanced our operational excellence to reduce working capital, expand operating margins and increase market share across our businesses. We define operational excellence as the implementation of lean principles throughout our value streams and within our functional processes, the strategic sourcing of materials and services as well as the strategic management and pricing of products and services. Our pricing excellence program delivered price realization that significantly surpassed direct material inflation. We improved our level of operational execution by adopting a centralized sourcing model. We also strengthened our capabilities in emerging markets to better support supplier qualifications, supplier development and strategic sourcing in those regions by localizing our engineering, research and development. An area of intense focus for us in 2012 was our value stream work, which expanded during the year to cover 30 percent of our operations. I am pleased the value streams continue to deliver superior results and show positive separation in performance versus the remainder of the company. The value streams reduced past due days by 66 percent, compressed cycle time by more than 40 percent and contributed to a five point increase in employee engagement scores compared with the remainder of the company. We plan to expand value stream coverage in 2013 to 40 percent of our enterprise operations. Growth through Innovation, Emerging Markets and Services Beyond operational excellence, we have also continued to invest in growth markets. Those investments are yielding a strong pipeline of new products and services in every sector of the business--from air compressors to unitary HVAC to electronic locks to new service offerings. We have almost doubled the proportion of our revenues from innovation, which we measure as the total revenues delivered by new products introduced over the last three years. Innovation revenues totaled approximately $3.3 billion in 2012.

2012 2011* 2010 2009

10.7% 10.2% 9.0% 6.8% 3.9 Percentage Points Increase from 2009 to 2012

*Excludes impairment charges with 4.4 percentage points of negative operating margin impact.

Adjusted Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations

2012 2011* 2010 2009

$3.30 $2.82 $2.24 $1.48 123% Increase from 2009 to 2012

*Excludes impairment charges with a negative after-tax impact of $1.64; includes $0.14 from Hussmann.

2012 Annual Report

3

Message from Our Chairman and CEO

2012 Revenues by Geography

2012 was marked with new products designed to meet customer needs and market demand. For example, our Thermo King business, launched the Precedent platform to address new regulations for engine emissions. Precedent set an industry standard in both fuel efficiency and emission reduction by delivering double-digit fuel savings, best-in-class performance

16%

and lower life cycle costs. We also launched the Ameristar home HVAC system, making headway into the entry-level, lower price point market segment. These customer-centric products, services and solutions are

14% 64% 6%

fundamental to our vision. We strive for continual improvement in our products, services and processes, and in the value we provide to our customers, employees and the communities we serve. We embrace sustainability as a catalyst for business growth and innovation. Ingersoll Rand's Center for Energy Efficiency and Sustainability (CEES) works collaboratively with our businesses to address global issues that impact energy, food and water by providing sustainable solutions, product stewardship and supporting initiatives that deliver results. As the company's sustainability thought leader, the CEES works with nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), universities and industry leaders to identify trends and business opportunities to accelerate energy efficiency, drive growth for the company and better meet our customers' challenges. Progressive, Diverse and Inclusive Culture At Ingersoll Rand, our global success is powered by our employees' diverse backgrounds, experiences, skills and talents. We believe a culture of mutual respect, collaboration and inclusion improves employee retention and engagement, enabling Ingersoll Rand to deliver growth and maintain a competitive advantage in markets worldwide. One way we create this culture is through engaged employees who feel valued and believe their contributions are meaningful. Ingersoll Rand employee resource groups are an example of how we link engagement, diversity and innovation to drive growth. Employee resource groups afford employees the opportunity to spur innovative business ideas and participate in community involvement and recruiting events. In 2012, we expanded our Women's Network globally and launched our Black Employee Network and Veterans' Group, among others. We will continue to pursue this enterprise strategy to create a culture that is inclusive and allows for our diverse and highly capable employees to generate new ideas improving our performance and exceeding customer expectations globally.

North America Europe, Middle East Asia Latin America

4

Ingersoll Rand

Message from Our Chairman and CEO

2012 Revenues by Sector

Leading Our Business into the Future I am confident we are on the right track. The numbers tell our story--we have three successive years of moving up in key operating metrics. We have built a multiyear record of growing earnings and cash flow with little help from our markets. We have achieved several years of delivering high

14%

operating leverage and margin improvement, while still investing. Our 2012 results are a testament to what our employees can achieve

21%

53%

when we focus on our goals. The health and vitality of our businesses are excellent and I thank Ingersoll Rand employees around the world for their exceptional effort. We will continue to build our operational capability, further integrate our businesses and invest to foster profitable growth through innovation. 2013 will be a year that will redefine Ingersoll Rand. Work is under way to combine our residential and commercial security businesses and create a new, standalone public company. When the spin-off is complete, which is expected by the end of this year, the new security company will become a leading provider of electronic and mechanical security solutions for customers globally. The spin-off is expected to create value for both companies and their shareholders. This is a milestone in Ingersoll Rand's evolution to a premier performing company, creating a more focused company with greater opportunities for growth in areas of advantage that differentiate us from our competitors. Ingersoll Rand will continue to grow profitably from a more focused core in creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments through its industrial, transport refrigeration and heating, ventilation and air conditioning businesses. I am excited by the opportunities ahead for Ingersoll Rand and by the opportunities the new security company will have as an independent enterprise. The collective inspiration and determination that have served our company, customers and communities for more than 140 years will ensure we continue to deliver for generations to come. Sincerely,

12%

Climate Solutions Residential Solutions Industrial Technologies Security Technologies

Michael W. Lamach Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ingersoll Rand

2012 Annual Report

5

