Dear Customers, Employees and Shareowners,
ITT has a history of realizing its potential. That was certainly true when the company was formed in 1920 as a small telecommunications Steven R. Loranger business that eventually grew into Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer one of the world's largest companies. Right from the start, we had our finger on the pulse of change. We were thinking big, thinking ahead and taking decisive actions that helped us grow and create increasing value for our shareowners. That was evident again in 1995 when the company first split into three unique companies, giving life to the ITT people know today as a premier multiindustry company. Since then, we have continued to refine -- and sometimes redefine -- ITT by developing our world-class management systems, disciplined operating culture and robust leadership development programs. These key building blocks allowed us to withstand the global economic crisis with best-in-class results in 2009 and deliver record-setting earnings in 2010. Our businesses are poised to deliver even greater value in today's changing marketplace, and now, the time is right to embark on another significant transformation that will benefit our customers, employees and shareowners. By the end of 2011, we plan to transform ITT from a single, multi-industry company into three uniquely attractive, standalone public companies. This transformation is the next step in our evolution of creating value for all of our stakeholders, and a continuation of an exciting journey for each of our businesses.

1

2010 was another outstanding year for ITT.
After posting best-in-class year-over-year earnings growth in 2009, we grew our adjusted earnings per share to a record high of $4.41 in 2010. For the year, our free cash flow exceeded $937 million, and our strong processes and deep culture of operational excellence resulted in more than $500 million in productivity efficiencies. This led directly to a particular area of pride for ITT in 2010. With our eyes fixed on the future, our company invested more than $1 billion toward strategic acquisitions in critical growth markets. In our Fluid Technology segment, we acquired Nova Analytics and O.I. Corporation to form a new Analytical Instrumentation business that helps our customers analyze and control the quality and characteristics of water, wastewater, food, beverages, pharmaceutical and medical products. We also acquired Godwin Pumps to focus on the growing market for drainage pump rental, services and sales, establishing ITT as a market leader in the growing $3 billion global dewatering market. Our acquisition of Canberra Pumps provided a springboard to grow our business in Brazil's oil & gas and mining markets. We also made important investments for organic growth in emerging markets, including the expansion of our research and development facilities in India and China. We invested in a comprehensive commercial excellence program to build internal capability in our global sales and marketing teams to serve our customers better. At the same time, we were making technology breakthroughs and winning some important business:
ии  Energy-efficient solutions: ITT launched e-SV pumps with an innovative hydraulic design and highly efficient motor that makes them the most energy-efficient, vertical, multi-stage pumps available today. We also partnered with Singapore's national water agency to develop energyefficient water and wastewater treatment solutions. ии  Large-scale projects spanning the globe: ITT signed an agreement to improve wastewater treatment plants for the largest city in Western China, and won multi-million dollar industrial pumping contracts in key emerging markets in South America, Asia and the Middle East. ии  Clean water: ITT provided transfer pumps to move water through one of the largest demineralization plants in Western Europe. And we installed the largest dissolved air flotation water clarification system in North America as part of a system that supplies 400 million liters of clean drinking water each day to Winnipeg, Canada.

In our Defense & Information Solutions segment, we made several important strategic decisions, the most notable of which was the realignment of our portfolio into fewer divisions. This has enabled us to respond better to our customers' needs for broader, information-based, networked solutions, and it also reduced our cost base. We sold the CAS systems engineering and technical assistance services business, and made some key technology acquisitions, including EchoStorm Worldwide and Airport Operations Solutions. We also invested for international growth in our Defense business, with the opening of new sales offices in India and Australia. We successfully implemented these strategies, even as we continued to garner important contract wins in areas that will be a larger part of the defense landscape going forward:
ии  In-theater services: We are providing support services for all U.S. Army facilities in Kuwait and supporting the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers with facilities operations, maintenance and training services for the Afghanistan National Security Forces. ии  High-technology solutions: ITT is developing a "system of systems" that enables man-portable, vehiclemounted and fixed site counter-improvised explosive device jammers to network with one another. ии  Expanding beyond the Department of Defense: We are providing NASA with communications and tracking services for a wide range of Earth-orbiting spacecraft, including the International Space Station and Hubble Space Telescope.

Our Motion & Flow Control segment took on important restructuring work in 2008 and 2009. Combined with market recoveries for a number of key customer segments -- including aerospace, marine, rail, beverage and general industrial -- this work resulted in outstanding results in 2010. We grew in emerging markets and delivered a number of important technologies and customer wins in 2010:
ии  Infrastructure improvements: ITT was selected to provide shock absorbers, connectors, pumps and seating actuation systems to China's two largest highspeed train manufacturers. ии  Cutting-edge technologies: We completed construction of a new research and development center of excellence in Germany for our Motion Technologies business. And we touched consumers' everyday lives by providing universal contacts for the newest generation of smart phones.

2

ии  Eco-technologies: ITT developed a water-saving sanitizing process for beverage pumps; and we developed brake pads that meet noise and performance standards for electric and hybrid vehicles.

Adapting to Accelerate Value
As a portfolio of multi-industry businesses, ITT has been on a successful journey of value creation during the past several years. So why are we spinning off the water and defense businesses and forming three independent companies? With all the progress we have made, we find ourselves at a crossroads. Even though our defense business is among the best in the world, we expect dampened growth in that sector driven by a continuing downturn in U.S. Defense Department spending. Couple this with a slowly recovering global economy, and it is clear to see that these external factors will ultimately constrain growth for us as an integrated company. In the face of the changing outlook, we challenged ourselves to find a faster way to deliver the longterm value we know is inside our businesses. The answer was clear. By unlocking our current portfolio composition, we can enable our businesses to be in the best position to flourish and develop in their own respective markets. We have made enormous progress in recent years to position all of our businesses for sustained growth and leadership in their own markets. We created best-in-class management systems that enabled attractive businesses with leading market positions. Our disciplined operational excellence drove record-setting performance, particularly in terms of earnings and cash flow. And underscoring this, we have driven development of world-class leaders, strong customer positions and a team of people grounded in a set of core values. This is a solid foundation for the creation of three attractive, standalone companies, which is the next step in our journey of value creation.

This past year proved yet again that ITT is always looking for new ways to ensure that our company is providing essential products and services to customers and striving to be a leader in the markets we serve.

This year promises to be both rewarding and exciting for ITT.
We are focused on satisfying new and long-term shareowners by delivering on our operational plans for 2011, which include projections for revenue growth in the 3 to 5 percent range and an adjusted earnings per share increase of 5 to 9 percent. There are no status quo years at ITT. In 2011, we will once again challenge ourselves to use our proven strategic prowess and solid values to reach new heights in product innovation, process efficiency, customer satisfaction and value creation. At the same time, we are making great progress on the plans we announced earlier this year to execute tax-free spinoffs of the Defense & Information Solutions segment and our water-related businesses. When these plans are complete, shareowners will own shares in all three companies. At a high level, this transaction focuses our strengths into ITT's three major business categories -- industrial, water and defense. Our belief in this transformation is based on the future potential we see in each of our businesses as standalone companies. We are confident that each of these new companies will benefit from reduced complexity and receive the recognition they deserve in the marketplace. They will be more nimble and better suited to build stronger and more intimate customer relationships. All of them will be positioned with advantageous cost structures to enable future growth. I want to thank our board of directors for their continued strong and informed guidance as we embark on this new path. Just as importantly, I want to commend all of our 40,000 global employees for working together to create the dynamic and focused growth platforms that define our company today, and for doing the hard work that is going to help us launch three exciting future companies from a position of strength.

For the past 90 years at ITT, we have fulfilled our growth potential by keeping our eyes on the horizon and a finger on the pulse of change. Now we are set to unleash the unique potential of three standalone companies and take our long legacy of value creation to new levels.

Steven R. Loranger Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

3

