2011 Annual Report

1

Dear Shareowners, Employees, Customers and Friends,
In life and in business, change usually comes so quietly and gradually that we only notice when we look backward and connect the dots. But, every once in a while, we are lucky enough to experience moments so powerful that we know with certainty that something extraordinary is happening -- right now! -- and that we are entering an exciting new chapter of our story.
Denise L. Ramos, Chief Executive Officer and President

2

ITT Corporation

ITT is in the midst of just such a metamorphosis. In 2011, we spun off our defense and water businesses, and became both a "new company" and one with a long and storied heritage. Today, we are more focused, with a better defined core group of customers and more synergies and similarities between our businesses. Ours is a unique and enviable position. We have the freedom to re-imagine our company, based on a solid foundation that will serve us well as we shape the next great era of ITT. We are naturally looking ahead to what's next. But it's important to mark our starting point as well.

Our adjusted segment operating income increased 20 percent, reflecting solid operating margin expansion and demonstrating our growth potential.* These results -- achieved even under the pressure of the spin-off -- show that we are a company built for growth and value creation. It's in our DNA. Driving premier growth In the long term, we are targeting a 5 to 7 percent increase in organic revenue and operating EBIT margin growth of 50 to 70 basis points. Our goal is to deliver free cash flow at 105 percent of net income, and our earnings per share growth target is 10 to 15 percent over the long term. The engine that will drive our growth has six powerful pistons propelling our climb. The first growth driver is our strong presence in high-growth and emerging markets, where we grew 19 percent in 2011 and have recently made several significant investments. With the oil and gas market booming in Brazil, we expanded and upgraded our Salto plant to better reach -- and satisfy -- customers in the fast-expanding Latin American region. And in China, we recently began construction on a $10 million research, development and production center in Wuxi that will bring new brake pad technologies to the No. 1 auto market in the world. We will continue to expand our footprint by going where our customers are -- and where the growth will be. We're also very strong in the profitable aftermarket segment, which drives recurring revenue streams. Our relationships with our customers endure through the life of their ITT products, and they know they can rely on us for valued service and replacement parts. For us, the aftermarket is not an afterthought. This is a high-growth business that represents

We have a clear vision of where the world's key industries are heading and how we can help them get there.
2011 performance results Today, ITT is composed of four business units -- Industrial Process, Motion Technologies, Interconnect Solutions and Control Technologies -- that create highly engineered solutions for our customers' most critical applications. Looking at our "new ITT" as a standalone company in 2011, we posted premier operating results. Revenues increased 11 percent to $2.1 billion with strong gains in fast-growing and emerging markets. Orders were up 16 percent and we had a record backlog at year end.

* For a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP results, please see our website at itt.com/investors.

2011 Annual Report

3

a significant portion of our operating income, and our aftermarket topline growth increased by 12 percent in 2011, driven by our strong relationships with customers in the oil and gas, and aerospace markets. ITT's third growth driver is an ongoing investment in technology and R&D to facilitate new platform and project wins that will drive incremental growth. We already spend on average about 1.3 times more on R&D than our peers. In 2011, a number of new ITT products hit the market, including the Goulds XHD Heavy Duty Pump, which is expected to set new industry standards for performance and efficiency, and our ECO series of high-performance shock absorbers, which offer industry-leading environmental benefits. Long term, we expect to grow revenues from new products by 30 percent. We recognize that leading with technology alone will not fully differentiate our company. We work hard to combine our advanced technological solutions with a premier customer experience. That means that we embrace a retail mindset in an industrial company -- driving toward industry-leading performance on measures such as quality, on-time delivery, production time and inventory turns. And, we seek to meet our customers' unspoken needs, turning "what ifs" into realities. This premier customer experience will be enhanced by what ITT is known for -- operational excellence. In 2011 alone, we achieved $90 million in gross productivity savings due to our focus on initiatives such as Lean Six Sigma and global strategic sourcing. In all we do, we're holding ourselves accountable to clear metrics to measure improvements in this area. While there is more work to be done, we are driven by lean value-based thinking that promotes continuous improvement and cost savings throughout the organization.

Finally, our growth will be fueled by effective capital deployment to drive organic and inorganic growth. Our approach is reflected in the investments we made in 2011 and the ones we will fund in 2012. For acquisitions, we will continue to look at targets between $15 million and $50 million in revenue that complement our existing businesses, core strategies and technology platforms. Our 2011 acquisition of Blakers Pump Engineers in Australia is a perfect example of this strategy. It hit the target revenue, it was in the right end markets of oil and gas and mining, and it addressed a growing market demand. At ITT, we have a history of making smart investment decisions that deliver value, and we have a history of being disciplined in our approach. That will continue. A passionate pursuit of excellence with a human touch As we have demonstrated, ITT is a dynamic company. Change doesn't faze us -- it energizes us. When you remember that our people invented the world's first all-iron pump, seamlessly moved from leather horse harnesses to parts for the earliest cars, and helped make possible the first talking movies and manned space missions, you know we are creative doers who embrace every opportunity to lead with technology, differentiate with customers and optimize our operations. I couldn't be more proud to be leading this team of high achievers. Every day, our 8,500 employees around the globe roll up their sleeves and get down to the business of solving some of the hardest technical challenges our society confronts. And, we do it while embracing our core values of respect, responsibility and integrity. For me, our talented work force and leadership team's commitment to execution are as important as any strategy in achieving our goals and realizing the true value of ITT.

I also couldn't be more proud to be associated with our deep, diverse and engaged Board of Directors. With five new members -- Orlando Ashford, Peter D'Aloia, Donald DeFossett Jr., Donald Stebbins and myself -- we have an ideal blend of new voices and experienced leadership. The invaluable insight and perspective we received through the spin-off is early evidence that we will have the guidance we need to achieve our most aggressive goals. Ready for what's next The future belongs to those who can see it coming. At ITT, we have a clear vision of where the world's key industries are heading and how we can help them get there. Right now, we're developing technologies for tomorrow's challenges and implementing strategies to keep us in step with the accelerating pace of change. It's a relentless race, but we're driven by the same inner fire that spurred ITT people through the past century to change the face of entire industries. Like them, today's ITT will have an enduring impact on the markets where we compete and on the world as a whole. When people everywhere fly, drive, communicate, turn on a light switch, run factories, and feel comfortable and safe, it's because ITT is on the case. We've proven that we know what it takes to succeed today, and we truly are ready for what's next. Sincerely,

Denise L. Ramos
Chief Executive Officer and President

