Dear Shareowners, Employees, Customers and Friends,
A gear is a simple mechanism. We don't make them at -- our specialty is highly engineered and customized ITT components-- but there is something captivating in the way they work together seamlessly to generate speed, force and agility.
For me, they are particularly appealing because they also illustrate how we're now operating at ITT--as a holistic set of businesses working in close harmony and leveraging our collective power to better serve the energy, transportation and industrial end markets. This model was made possible by the successful 2011 spin-offs of our defense and water businesses. Through the spin-offs, four global industrial businesses came together as the "new ITT" and in our first year, we made strong progress toward unleashing our value as a more connected and focused company. From working together to serve common markets and customers, to sharing best practices and strengthening collaboration, to communicating with our stakeholders with one unified voice, we are truly leveraging the "power of one" to drive value creation and shareowner value.

Cross-Business Councils
To leverage the vast knowledge and experience that exists across our businesses, we created four councils in 2012 to drive more collaboration across ITT. These teams focus on Technology, Commercial Excellence, Global Sourcing and Operational Excellence, bringing together representatives from each of our businesses to work together and find answers to shared issues. Through these councils, we ensure we gather the fullest range of data, consider the broadest range of perspectives and alternatives, and truly demonstrate our capabilities as one ITT.

An outstanding first full year
While we like to move fast, we also pride ourselves on making the right moves. One clear measure of our success in this area is our 2012 financial results. Last year, revenues increased 7 percent to $2.2 billion, with organic revenue up 8 percent. Our adjusted income from continuing operations, which excluded special items, increased to $1.68 per share, reflecting the company's strong operational performance. It was an outstanding first full year for the "new ITT," and we got there by delivering on our commitments and leveraging our sharper focus to propel the swift and consistent execution of our strategies to drive value creation and profitable growth. The first important step was establishing our growth priorities: expanding our market presence, creating a premier customer experience, achieving operational excellence and deploying our capital effectively. By keeping it focused and simple, we got off to a great start in 2012 and executed successfully against each of these priorities.

Expanding our market presence
ITT is focused on growing our presence in key geographies and end markets. In 2012, our increased revenue results included 13 percent growth in North America and 12 percent growth in emerging markets, reflecting solid gains in core markets including oil and gas, chemical, mining and automotive. To propel this growth, we completed a $10 million upgrade to our multi-product manufacturing plant in Wuxi, China, that better positions us to meet the brake pad needs of one of the world's largest auto manufacturing markets. We also have

2012 Annual Report

1

Shared Functional Excellence
Across our organization, we are centralizing processes and services so that all four of our businesses can have access to the best resources and better utilize these systems to create additional value for our stakeholders-- whether ITT employees, customers or ultimately, our shareowners. In Information Technology, we are focused in 2013 on utilizing social collaboration and "big data" concepts to drive value across ITT. With social collaboration, we will create internal communities that use the latest applications to enable accelerated idea sharing, innovation and decision making. Our "big data" efforts are focused on creating the capability for faster and better decision making, which will provide the foundation for future predictive analysis. This ability to establish a base culture of information excellence and deliver the right information is something we can do better as one ITT than our businesses could individually. Similarly, we are enhancing the way we approach our most important asset, our people. We have developed a new People and Human Resources Strategy that will unite and strengthen everything from building and attracting talent to consolidating and streamlining the policies, procedures and technological capabilities that support it all. By centralizing these activities, we truly expect to leverage the power of one to support an engaging environment across our businesses where employees can successfully contribute, learn and grow at ITT.

begun work on new manufacturing and engineering facilities in Korea and upstate New York that will enable us to bring more--and increasingly innovative--pumps to all of our customers. The aftermarket segment represents an important, recurring revenue stream for ITT. Our relationships with our customers endure through the life of their ITT products, and they know they can rely on us for valued service and replacement parts. In 2012, aftermarket sources accounted for approximately 30 percent of our revenue, and we delivered solid results in this area, including 7 percent growth in the industrial pump and aerospace markets, driven by our strong customer relationships.

Creating a premier customer experience
ITT customers look to us for innovative solutions that deliver value and service performance that outshines the competition. In 2012, we came through for them in many different ways. We maintained our strong commitment to technology and innovation with investment in research and development at approximately 3 percent of revenue. Our approach to technology is to work with our customers to meet their needs, and we had several key successes during the past year. Our Goulds XHD Slurry Pump won customer trust and industry awards--including Breakthrough Product of the Year by Processing magazine--for its technological superiority. We continued development of high-performance copper-free brake pads and launched an industrial hydraulic shock absorber with industry-leading environmental benefits to meet the requirements of our customers. A popular VEAM connector for electric cars earned us the Reader's Choice Tech Award from Electronic Components News for the second consecutive year. We also maintained our drive toward industry-leading performance on measures such as quality, on-time delivery, production time and inventory turns. As a result, our businesses continued to be recognized by our customers as premier partners. For example, our connectors business won "Supplier of the Year" awards from three leading partners who pointed to our ability to provide high-quality products while reducing their total cost of ownership.

Achieving operational excellence
We're improving the customer experience--and our bottom line--by optimizing our operations, and in 2012 alone, we achieved $110 million in gross productivity savings. During the year, we set an important new goal for ITT--driving Lean Transformations across our facilities over the next three to five years. While Lean and Six Sigma have been part of our culture for more than a decade, Lean Transformations take it to the next level by involving every employee and touching every part of an organization in an effort to streamline operations and improve efficiency and effectiveness. In keeping with our aggressive goal, we launched this Lean initiative in a big way. In the past year, ITT sites in India, Mexico, Australia and the United States made great progress on their Lean Transformation efforts, helping us to realize our productivity savings. As these transformations take hold throughout ITT, those productivity savings will continue to increase.

Deploying capital effectively
We demonstrated strategic, balanced and disciplined capital deployment in 2012 as we took significant portfolio actions, invested organically to grow our businesses and returned capital to shareowners.

2

ITT Corporation

In the fourth quarter, we divested our non-strategic shape cutting product lines and acquired Germany-based Bornemann Pumps. This acquisition expands our portfolio of highly engineered pumps and systems and makes us the leading provider of multiphase boosting technology, which is needed to extract product from unconventional oil and gas sources such as shale oil formations. With Bornemann, we mark the latest milestone in our journey to become a leading provider of engineered pumping solutions in the global oil and gas industry. In addition, we made important organic investments, including completing the buildout of our Wuxi, China, automotive facility, which is already facilitating significant growth in our Motion Technologies business. Our investment in a new Korean oil and gas production facility, which will come online later this year, will play a key role in advancing our energy strategy by becoming our Eastern Hemisphere Energy Center of Excellence. Finally, we announced that in 2013 we will return capital to shareowners by executing up to $75 million of additional share repurchases and increasing our dividend by 10 percent to 10 cents per share. Going forward, we are committed to continuing to return capital to shareowners in a meaningful but balanced manner.

LEAN
In 2012, we launched a Lean initiative throughout ITT with the goal of driving Lean Transformations across our facilities over the next three to five years. As a more focused company, we can now drive Lean processes further across and down into our organizations, and our businesses can share best practices with each other as we aggressively pursue our goal. Our common vision will enable us to provide an enhanced experience to all our customers by improving quality, speed, agility, service and value.

Moving fast and hitting all our marks
In 2012, we were moving fast, creating a new company while keeping our customers satisfied and staying on a steady growth track. Looking back it was an amazing record of accomplishments that was made possible because our employees pulled together and showed what is possible when we harness the power of one ITT. I couldn't be more proud to be leading this team. Every day, our 9,000 employees around the globe embrace our values of respect, responsibility and integrity while focusing on leading with technology, differentiating with customers and optimizing our operations--with everything pointing toward a common vision: the enduring impact we want to create in the world. I also couldn't be more proud to be associated with our deep, diverse and engaged Board of Directors. Their leadership and support have guided us well through our first year as we have made critical strategic decisions that will enhance our ability to create value and drive profitable growth going forward. Looking ahead, all of us across the organization are focused on tackling the next set of challenges. We are going to continue to grow our presence in key end markets and expand further into emerging markets, develop the next generation of highly engineered and customized products, drive Lean Transformations, build a more robust IT system and talent pipeline--and move full speed ahead to achieve everything our stakeholders expect of us. That's not just a promise --that's the power of one. Sincerely,

Denise L. Ramos
Chief Executive Officer and President

2012 Annual Report

3

