to our shareholders

Stability. Integrity. Trust. In a year where a number of high profile companies made news due to corporate and executive malfeasance, these three words became synonymous with how good business is run. These words are not new to ITW, nor are they an attempt by us to be fashionable. Our more than 90-year history underscores that stability, integrity and trust have long been the ideals for which we strive and measure success. Today, we believe that our conservative business practices and forthright reporting process are recognized. In the challenging economic environment that has marked the past 30 months, our success also is attributable to the core tenets of our business--our decentralized structure and the 80/20 business planning process that constantly focus on simplification, product innovation and growth opportunities. These company attributes are detailed in this report, and we invite you to learn more about how we operate and continue to manage a successful business enterprise. 2002 Financial Results One clear measurement of ITW's success is our financial track record. We closed 2002 with $9.5 billion in revenues, or 2 percent higher than the prior year. Within our manufacturing segments, acquisitions accounted for 3 percent of revenues and currency translation added 1 percent, offset by a 2-percent decline in base business revenues. Despite our mildly negative base business revenue performance during the year, we are pleased with its direction, having improved from -7 percent in 2001. And even with the very slow and uneven North American economy, we were able to grow income from continuing operations excluding goodwill amortization 7 percent for full-year 2002. Much of that

income growth was due to improvement in our operating margins. In 2002, operating margins moved to 15.9 percent-- a very healthy 100 basis point gain from the prior year. Another indicator of financial health is that our free operating cash flow continues to be strong. For 2002, free operating cash flow totaled $1.1 billion--a clear sign that we continued to generate income and reduce working capital needs in our businesses thanks to the diligent management of such things as accounts receivable and inventories. Business and 80/20 Overall, there were two distinct trends in our 2002 business performance. First, our engineered products businesses that rely to a higher degree on consumer spending (construction-related new housing and remodeling/rehab, as well as auto) performed well in 2002. In contrast, our specialty systems businesses that are more directly tied to capital spending had weaker results. Specifically, our businesses that serve commercial construction, food equipment and industrial packaging customers exhibited revenue softness. Second, our stronger performance by our international businesses, particularly in parts of Europe and Australia, helped offset some of the North American end market weakness. Even with the various end market and geographic ups and downs, the strength of our 80/20 business planning process continues to deliver tangible results for ITW shareholders and customers. Our focus on key customers and end markets leads to improvements in product development and delivery. It also reduces inventory, increases market penetration and strengthens our operating margins.

17

Our 80/20 process is applied company-wide every day, and is a key driver in operating margin improvement. For 2002, a sizable portion of the margin gain was due to improvements at acquired companies. Within the former Premark businesses, operating margins for Wilsonart and Food Equipment--originally at 9 percent at the time of this 1999 transaction--hit 13 percent by year-end 2002. We believe we are on track to meet our five-year goal of doubling Premark operating margins to 18 percent by year-end 2004, even without the benefit of top-line growth in these businesses. In related news, during 2002 we divested two of the three Premark consumer units--Precor exercise equipment and West Bend small consumer appliances--as they did not fit our business-to-business customer model. We continue to work toward the disposition of the Florida Tile business, and we expect to complete this transaction in 2003. Our acquisition activity slowed in 2002. The acquisition landscape is filled with overpriced companies that reflect valuations based on the metrics of the late 1990s rather than today. While we will continue to pursue companies that add to our product mix, we will maintain our discipline as to purchase costs. In 2003, we will continue to evaluate our strong pipeline of potential acquisition targets with the same mindset. Management and People Strength A vital contributor to ITW's success and stability over the years is our "institutional memory." For a company to prosper, it needs a continuum of leadership. People who are most valuable to an organization are those who instinctively understand how the company functions, and are able to apply that insight to make the right decisions. At ITW, we

are fortunate to have a wealth of top managers with many years of institutional memory. For example, our eight Executive Vice Presidents--each responsible for directing the activities of an average of 75 businesses that represent more than 1 billion of revenue dollars--collectively account for nearly 180 years of combined company service, or approximately 23 years of average tenure. This longevity is a real advantage in a marketplace where the average life span of management teams is in the low single digits. Another key component of our growth relates to successful oversight by ITW's board of directors. One board member, Phillip Rooney, has opted not to stand for re-election in 2003. We want to thank Phil for his many contributions during his 13 years as a board member. His understanding of our operating structure was particularly invaluable to us as ITW more than doubled in revenue size from the early 1990s to today. We wish him the very best. We are also pleased to introduce Robert Morrison as our newest nominee to the board. Bob retired as Vice Chairman of PepsiCo, Inc. in February 2003. Prior to that, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Quaker Oats Company from 1997 until the 2001 merger with PepsiCo. We look forward to his contributions. Our management practices of today certainly were shaped by our past leaders. We were saddened in 2002 by the death of two such people. Silas S. Cathcart served the company for 38 years, including 16 years in the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He made lasting and profound contributions to ITW during his tenure. Si had an innate understanding of the people with whom he worked, and his hallmark legacy is felt to this day. Edward Byron Smith, former head of the Northern Trust Company

18

and part of the family that established ITW nearly a century ago, also passed away. Edward served as both an ITW director and honorary director for more than 60 years and we benefited from his wisdom and guidance. We will miss both of these ITW pioneers but will remember and rely upon their remarkable contributions to the company. Corporate Integrity In today's era of corporate uncertainty, ITW's reputation as a quality company is exemplified by our strong financial performance and time-tested accounting practices. Our 25-year track record of 13-percent earnings growth, 16percent return on invested capital and 19-percent shareholder returns all resulted from our prudent, bottom-line approach. For example, when we restructure a business-- typically as part of our 80/20 process--we treat the charges as ongoing, rather than special, nonrecurring events. We also employ a rigorous inventory grading policy and practice conservative depreciation of plant and equipment to provide a clear picture of company performance. We take seriously our role as a public company, particularly our responsibility to shareholders. We also support the various communities in which we work and live. The ITW Foundation is a leader in bolstering programs that help people achieve financial, educational

and personal goals. For example, in a year of strained company and personal budgets, more than 240 ITW business units across the country conducted United Way Campaigns in 2002, resulting in a 12-percent year-overyear increase in contributions by our people. Equally noteworthy, our volunteer programs--staffed by committed ITW retirees--logged more than 12,000 hours to help make their communities better places to live. Looking ahead, ITW is positioned well to succeed even if an economic recovery is not imminent. However, should the North American economy rebound more quickly, we are poised to maximize end market opportunities. We are proud to be recognized for our exceptional ability to add value to customers' businesses, as well as our financial track record and our reliability and integrity in reporting our results. We salute all of our people who continue to do an outstanding job of paying close attention to the needs of our customers and our company in a very fluid economic environment. We also offer our thanks to our shareholders, many of whom are long-term holders, for their confidence and trust. Finally, we continue to believe that the tenets of stability, integrity and trust--the underpinnings of how we operate the company--will be fundamental to our success in 2003 and beyond. --February 28, 2003

Frank S. Ptak
Vice Chairman

W. James Farrell
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

James M. Ringler
Vice Chairman

19

