Letter to Our Shareholders
2008 was a year of dramatic change for virtually all industrial companies, ITW included. By late in the year, a sweeping downturn in the North American, European and Asian Pacific economies had impacted us all. In the face of this very difficult environment, ITW will use many of our long-held attributes—innovative products, targeted acquisitions, an expanded global footprint and locally-managed business units—to help us effectively lead the Company during what promises to be a very challenging 2009.
ITW’s strength and stability lie in our near-century- old commitment to operating our Company as efficiently and as effectively as possible, while identifying and funding long-term growth initia- tives. No matter the economic climate, we rely
on our core business strategies: the 80/20 process, product innovation and global growth. This allows us to advance our important strategic initiatives and maintain the Company’s financial strength. While we operate 875 separate busi- nesses around the world, each of them applies these principles to produce consistency, stability and greater customer value every day.
iDeas that Work: our core strategies
Our people are dedicated to finding new ways to best meet our customer needs by increasing
efficiencies, reducing costs and right-sizing
our business. This is accomplished through adherence to the 80/20 principle, our disciplined approach that has proven successful in both good times and bad. We believe our 80/20 approach will help us weather the current recession and position us for solid growth when the market recovery occurs.
One of our most exciting and successful attributes is our strong record of innovation.
The Patent Board once again recognized ITW
as a patent-leader in the Industrial Components & Fixtures category. Whether it’s creating a new product, streamlining a manufacturing process
or modifying a product to better meet customer needs, ITW’s emphasis on innovation allows us to satisfy customer demands while reducing costs
IllINOIS TOOl WORkS INC. 5

and enhancing productivity. We recognize the importance of creativity and nurture it in all aspects of our business.
ITW’s dual focus—investing in our existing businesses while also acquiring new businesses— allows us to capitalize on opportunities in attractive market segments and territories as we accelerate our global growth. In 2008, we closed on 50 acquisitions around the world that have expanded our global footprint and also helped to offset the downturns that occurred in some industries. In addition, we continue to invest in our existing businesses, as well as establish a number of start-ups in Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. As a result, our global presence has dramatically increased. Today, more than
50 percent of our total revenues arise from markets outside of North America.
In this year’s Annual Report, we proudly showcase eight examples to help illustrate in more detail these Ideas That Work and how the 80/20 process, product innovation and global growth play a critical role.
2008 financials & capital structure
ITW’s commitment to profitable growth and maintaining a strong balance sheet has been an important ingredient in our success, regardless of the economic times.
This year, our strong free operating cash flow
has provided the flexibility to react quickly to
the challenges and opportunities inherent in the current global economic recession. Notably, free operating cash flow was $1.9 billion in 2008, a net income conversion rate of 123 percent for the year. Our conservative capital structure helps add value to our Company and for our shareholders. We remain well-positioned to invest for growth in our businesses, continue to generate dividends for our investors and take advantage of acquisi- tion opportunities as they arise. In addition, we have a flexible share repurchase program that
we can utilize to balance our capital structure.
For full-year 2008, ITW’s revenues increased
7 percent versus the prior year to reach $15.9 billion. Our revenue growth in 2008 consisted
of a 7 percent contribution from acquisitions and a 3 percent contribution from currency translation, offset by a 3 percent decline in base business revenues. For the year, North American base revenues declined 5 percent, and international base revenues were basically flat. Total company operating margins of 14.7 percent were 180 basis points lower than the prior year, primarily due
to lower base revenues and the normal dilutive impact of acquisitions.
management DeVelopments
At ITW, we recognize the importance of our people and continue a comprehensive effort to identify and develop leaders throughout the organization. These leaders are moving ITW forward, committed to our core operating principles and the continued success of all
our business units.
In late 2008, we promoted a long-time ITW leader and welcomed two new members to our senior management team. Scott Santi was promoted to vice chairman and will oversee both the Food Equipment and Power Systems & Electronics segments. He previously held the position of executive vice president and has served ITW successfully since he joined us in 1983.
At the same time, Steve Martindale was
promoted to executive vice president of our
test and measurement businesses. He previously served as the unit’s group president and has been a valued leader since 2005 when ITW acquired Instron, where he was chief financial officer. Both Scott and Steve are applying their talents and experience in leading their businesses during these very difficult economic times.
Another recent addition to our senior management team is Dr. Lei Zhang Schlitz, the new head of our Technology Center. Lei, who is fluent in both
6 2008 ANNuAl REPORT

Mandarin and Cantonese, was hired as vice president of research & development in October of 2008. In this role, she will oversee the Tech- nology Center’s important work in supporting our business units’ innovation programs.
We will miss Lee Sheridan, vice president of research & development, who is retiring after
23 years with ITW, and Hugh Zentmyer, executive vice president, who has been with the Company in a number of key roles over his 40-year career. Thank you both for your valuable contributions and leadership over all these years. We wish you the very best in your retirement.
looking aheaD
There is no question the market conditions ahead will be difficult. We expect business conditions
to remain challenging across most end markets throughout 2009. We have weathered recessions before and emerged even stronger and we are confident we will do just that again. Our strong balance sheet and core operating strengths allow the Company to be well-positioned to address
the growth opportunities as our markets begin to recover. Through the efforts and dedication of our management team and the thousands of ITW people around the globe, we will continue creating a strong future for our customers and shareholders.
DaViD b. speer
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
thomas j. hansen
Vice Chairman
e. scott santi
Vice Chairman
    