To Our Shareholders

page

14

T

he year 2001 will go down in history as yielding the century's first economic recession, one that was further heightened by the horrific events of September 11. Just as our country was challenged and responded swiftly and responsibly, so too did ITW and our people. In 2001, our businesses grappled with a troubled economic environment and dramatic falloffs in a number of end markets. This resulted in an uncharacteristic decline in operating revenues and profitability for the year, the first our company has seen since the recession of the early 1990s. In our 90-year history, we have endured several challenging economic situations. Each time, we've emerged a stronger, leaner, more focused organization. As the economy and our end markets rebound, which we anticipate as 2002 unfolds, we believe ITW will show improved operating performance. ITW performed well in 2001, factoring in the significant weakness in the North American economy during the year, and the slowing economic conditions internationally in the latter half of the year. We attribute our long-term sustainability--of both record earnings during recent years of economic expansion and relatively good

performance during times of economic downturn--to our highly decentralized organization. Maintaining a flat organizational structure and granting significant autonomy to our individual businesses allow them to respond quickly and directly to current customer and end market conditions. A great deal of our business success is attributable to the active practice of our 80/20 business planning process. This process essentially allows our businesses to focus resources on key customers and end markets. We believe the value of our 80/20 process has proven itself over the years, and it is now an operating philosophy that we apply to everything we do. As we illustrate in this annual report, we know what counts. Our day-to-day challenge is to channel our broadest resources toward one overriding and critical goal: strengthening our "oneto-one" customer relationships.
Financial Performance

As valued customers became affected adversely by the economic downturn, so were we. Contributing to our 2 percent decline in operating revenues for the year 2001 were a 7 percent decrease in base business and a

2 percent decline in currency translation, offset by a 7 percent contribution from acquisitions. With operating income and diluted net income per share each declining 17 percent for the full year, 2001 resulted in a dramatic but aberrational change from our recordbreaking performance in 2000 and in prior years. Whenever we face challenging economic environments, particularly those that lead to declines in our base business, we proactively rightsize our units to ensure they are in line with current customer needs. We incurred $62 million of nonrecurring operating expense in 2001 in order to streamline our operations and improve our long-term profitability. With an increased focus on enhancing business unit productivity, we intensified implementation of our 80/20 process, which should positively impact future earnings. We believe that as the economy improves, operating revenues will increase and our current businesses will realize significant margin enhancement. This positive outlook is supported by the fact that over the last three years we have acquired businesses with revenues of approximately $5 billion. Operating margins declined in 2001 by 250 basis points due to

weak top line performance and the lower margins associated with our acquisitions. Our job is to take advantage of the recovery in our end markets and raise the margins of newly acquired businesses to traditional levels. For established businesses, those we have owned for more than five years, operating margins average more than 20 percent. We believe this margin performance is among the highest in our industry peer group.
Well Positioned as the Economy Recovers

page

15

ITW is well positioned to benefit from an improving economy. The company's basic tenets--customer focus, 80/20 business planning, value-added product development, decentralized operating structure, and an aggressive acquisition program--contribute directly to the continued growth and improvement of our businesses during normal economic environments. Other factors contributing to our optimistic view of the future include decreasing business unit costs, continuing to generate strong cash flows, and maintaining a solid ITW balance sheet.

page

16

As we enter 2002, several activities will be key to driving future company growth:  We will continue to grow our base business. Producing value-added products rather than "me-too" products helps strengthen our existing customer relationships and increases market share. In addition, ITW businesses will derive benefits in 2002 from ongoing implementation of 80/20 activities, which will drive operating margin improvements.  We will continue to acquire good companies and make them better. Our acquisition strategy, which resulted this past year in the addition of 29 businesses to the ITW portfolio representing $556 million in fullyear revenues, is funded by our strong free operating cash flow.  We will continue to divest assets prudently. In December 2001, we announced our intention to divest the Consumer Products segment after it became clear to us that these businesses originally associated with the Premark acquisition were contrary to our traditional focus on selling to commercial customers.  We will continue to focus on the fundamentals that drive our stock price, such as returns on invested cap-

ital and generating free cash. For 2001, while our return on invested capital declined due to revenue falloff, we generated $1.2 billion in free cash.
Management Strength

The ability to manage a company successfully depends solely on people. At ITW, our management strength continues to be a key and consistent attribute. As an example, our Executive Vice Presidents, each one charged with the responsibility of managing the performance of approximately 75 businesses, collectively account for nearly 200 years of combined company service or nearly 22 years of average tenure. We are also proud of the quality of our Board of Directors. During 2001, we were pleased to add our newest board member. James Cantalupo comes from McDonald's Corporation, where he serves as President and Vice Chairman, Emeritus. While we welcomed Jim Cantalupo, we said goodbye to board member H. Richard Crowther, who served in that role for seven years. We will miss the valuable counsel Dick provided to the board and the company over the years. We wish him the very best.

Strong Future Outlook

The past year has provided a worthy test of a company's mettle. Throughout our history, ITW has passed many similar tests. Each time, we have demonstrated our longterm strength by consistently recovering from difficult economic periods and producing significant levels of growth and shareholder value. In fact, over the past 25 years, ITW has delivered a compounded annual total return of 18 percent to our shareholders while our diluted earnings per

share has grown at a 14 percent rate. As we look back on our past achievements and focus on our prospects for 2002 and the years ahead, we believe ITW remains a superior company and a solid, long-term investment. Many thanks to our people, customers and shareholders for their contributions to our success. --February 28, 2002

page

17

Frank S. Ptak Vice Chairman

W. James Farrell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

James M. Ringler Vice Chairman

