At ITW, we’re known around the world as a leading manufacturer of diversifi ed products. While this description is certainly true, it is our ability to think creatively and critically for our customers, resulting in a continual stream of world-class ideas and inventions, that helps set us apart. This aptitude for innovation defi nes the ITW culture and brand at work. Throughout our 825 business units in 52 countries, our people continually visualize process improvements, invent completely new products and applications, turn existing products and technologies into exceptional ones and craft patented breakthroughs that transform industries.
Innovation is defi ned as the introduction of new improvements or methods. At ITW, the customer has always served as the catalyst behind our new ideas. What does the customer need? How could the customer benefi t? What can we do to help our customers improve outcomes or products, reduce ineffi ciencies, increase strength, shorten timeframes and create value? Answers to these questions, which result from our deep understanding of our customers’ businesses, drive our ability to develop superior solutions. Our adaptability to and entrenchment in each customer’s success is integral to our own.
2007 Financial Results
In 2007, our ability to innovate helped drive our company to reach $16.2 billion in revenues—a
17.2 percent increase over the prior year. Components of our top-line growth include an 11.3 percent contribution from acquisitions, 4.1 percent contribution from currency translation and 1.8 percent growth from base business. While full-year operating margins were 110 basis points lower than
2006 due to the expected dilutive impact of acquisitions, our base business margins improved
40 basis points for the year.
Our accomplishments are a true testament to the value of our operating strategy. ITW’s global presence has grown substantially in recent years, and our European and Asia Pacifi c enterprises drove our impressive results for the year. In 2007, revenues from businesses outside North America represented 49 percent of company-wide revenues, compared to only 36 percent in 1997.
Operational Developments
ITW has grown tremendously over the past decade in terms of sheer size, number of businesses, geographies in which we operate and the end markets that we serve. To better reflect these changes, we updated how we report our financial results, both internally to senior management and externally to investors. We now have an internal reporting structure that consists of 60 reporting segments, which are aggregated into eight reportable segments. We expect that this new reporting structure will also help clarify results of our global network of businesses. We have detailed these segments and explained the various end markets they serve in this year’s annual report.
Protecting Our World-Class Ideas
Innovation is a core strength of our global culture and is valued and reinforced throughout our worldwide businesses. The number of patents we hold, and the number of patent application
filings, are clear signs of our creative aptitude. Today, we have 21,636 patents and pending applications around the world, and we consistently rank in the top 100 of patent recipients in the United States. Our patent activities showcase the global nature of our business as well—in 2007
we were issued 287 U.S. patents and 1,212 foreign ones. Via the prestigious ITW Patent Society,
our most creative thinkers gather during the year to share the latest insight and product breakthroughs with patent leaders from other parts of the company. This knowledge sharing helps to spur idea generation throughout our businesses and results in direct customer benefits.
Management Developments
Some important management changes were made this past year to better reflect our business today, as well as where our business is headed. In 2007, our Board of Directors elected Jane Warner to executive vice president of the global finishing and software businesses. Jane, who has been with ITW since 2005, has a proven operating and management track record that will help guide this area as it expands.
Juan Valls was elected to executive vice president of global automotive fasteners. Based in Barcelona as our first international executive vice president, Juan has been with ITW since 1989 and his promotion speaks to his talents as well as ITW’s expanding global footprint. His solid experience and leadership skills will prove an advantage as we continue building new and stronger relationships with an increasingly global automotive marketplace. His promotion now gives us a total of 10 executive vice presidents who continue to be the primary architects of ITW’s successful growth.
Robert Brunner, who formerly held Juan’s position, has moved to the position of executive vice president of ITW’s worldwide construction business, where he will bring his vast knowledge and insight to another important market for us.
We are thrilled to have Pamela Strobel, former executive vice president and chief administrative

officer of Exelon and president of its Business Services Company, join our Board of Directors. Pam’s business background includes legal, operational and communications experience, and we look forward to the perspectives and contributions she will bring to our Board.
We’d like to wish Mary Ann Mallahan, our director of community relations and head of the
ITW Foundation, well as she retires from a 31-year career at ITW. Over the years, she has helped
to foster our company-wide culture of community service, and her enthusiasm and commitment
will be missed.
We also bid a fond farewell to Director Michael Birck, who is retiring after 12 years of service on our Board of Directors. We appreciate his contributions to our Board, specifically his role as the chairman of the audit committee. We thank him for his participation with ITW and wish him the best.
2008 Expectations
Looking ahead, 2008 will have its share of challenges, particularly in the North American markets, but we are well positioned with a diverse mix of end markets, products and technologies to
weather market fluctuations in the industries we serve, and in the markets in which we operate. As new opportunities unfold throughout the world, ITW is poised to take advantage of them. Our customers and prospects recognize that ITW stands for consistency and innovation wherever they choose to do business.
We would like to thank all our people throughout our worldwide businesses for their tireless efforts
to provide our customers with cutting-edge products and technologies that drive improvement in
their businesses. And we express our gratitude to our shareholders, whose interest and faith in our ability to profitably grow this business year after year makes all of this possible.
David B. Speer
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 26, 2008
thomas j. hansen
Vice Chairman
February 26, 2008
