                TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
 ITW delivered another year of strong financial performance in 2015.
espite a challenging macro-economic environment, we grew earnings per share 10 percent, 19 percent excluding the impact of foreign currency translation. We improved operating margin by 150 basis
points to an all-time high of 21.4 percent and increased after-tax return on invested capital to a record 20.4 percent. Once again in 2015, ITW
generated strong free cash flow, which we utilized to support the reinvestment of approximately $560 million in our core businesses for growth and productivity. In addition, we were able to return more than $2.7 billion of surplus capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Differentiated Business Model = Differentiated Performance
ITW is built around a set of highly powerful and proprietary business practices and capabilities that we refer to as the ITW Business Model. (A description of the elements of
the ITW Business Model can be found on page 6.) The ITW Business Model is the source of our competitive advantage. It drives our ability to win with customers and deliver differentiated long-term returns for our shareholders. It
is ITWÕs Òsecret sauce,Ó and through the execution of our Enterprise Strategy, we are focused on leveraging it to its full potential. By doing so, we are positioning the company to deliver solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns on capital ... consistently and sustainably. The strong results that we delivered in 2015 and the significant progress we have made since the launch of our Enterprise Strategy in 2012
give us confidence that we are on the right track.
Best-in-Class Margins and Returns on Capital
We believe that operating margin is a key indicator of both the magnitude of a companyÕs competitive advantages and the efficiency with which it leverages them. It is, in our view,
a compelling indicator of the strength and competitiveness of our company, and it is a key performance metric for every ITW business. Through the execution of our Enterprise Strategy, ITWÕs operating margin has increased by over 500 basis points over the past three years.
Another important metric that is central to how we run ITW
is after-tax return on invested capital. We believe that ITWÕs robust returns on capital are a meaningful indicator of our highly disciplined approach to the choices we make when investing our shareholdersÕ capital. At ITW, disciplined capital allocation means that (1) we invest capital only in areas of opportunity where we have the potential to leverage the
ITW Business Model to create compelling and sustainable competitive advantage, and (2) we choose to return surplus capital to our shareholders, through a combination of an attractive dividend and an active share repurchase program, rather than pursue lower-return opportunities that reside outside our core strengths and competitive advantages.
As a result, ITWÕs after-tax return on invested capital has increased by over 500 basis points since the launch of our Enterprise Strategy.
Solid Growth
We believe that solid and consistent above-market organic growth must be the core growth engine that drives our company forward. Our goal is to achieve enterprise-level organic growth of 200 basis points or more above market by the end of 2017 and beyond. Over the course of the past three years, we have made significant progress in executing a multistep process to position the company to deliver on this key Enterprise Strategy objective.
 ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 1

                Step 1 > Align Our Portfolio with Our Organic Growth Focus
(2013-2016)
We have repositioned our business portfolio by exiting businesses operating in low-growth commoditized markets. As a result, ITW is now focused on seven core segments that each have strong sustainable competitive advantages and favorable long-term growth fundamentals. An overview of these seven industry-leading businesses can be found on pages 8 to 11.
ITWÕs current business portfolio is both highly profitable and highly diversified. We are very well balanced in terms of our end-market and geographic exposures. As a result, ITW is well-positioned to perform at a high level across a wide range of external market conditions and economic scenarios. Our diversified portfolio, best-in-class operating margins and proven track record of strong cash generation through the cycle give us the ability to weather any economic storm and continue to invest for the long term.
After executing more than 30 divestitures over the past
few years, we are now in the final stages of our portfolio repositioning efforts as our businesses complete the process of exiting slower-growth product lines and begin to transition their focus to accelerating organic growth.
Step 2 > Scale-Up Our Operating Structure (2013-2014)
We have scaled-up our operating structure in order to better leverage and focus our organic growth investments and resources and to improve the global reach and competitiveness of our businesses. By consolidating over 800 regional business units into 84 global divisions, we have made ITW a much simpler, more focused and more growth-enabled company.
Step 3 > Prepare for Accelerated Organic Growth (2014-2016)
Delivering high-quality revenue growth consistently and sustainably requires a strong foundation of operational and financial performance. All ITW businesses must demonstrate that they are serving their existing customers with excellence and delivering acceptable financial performance for the company before they are deemed to be Òready to grow.Ó Through the reapplication of ITWÕs 80/20 management process at all of our 84 scaled-up global divisions, we are ensuring that every one of our businesses is in the best position possible to fully leverage its growth investments and long-term growth potential.
In 2015, 60 percent of our businesses achieved Òready to growÓ status and 45 percent grew organic revenue at an average of 6 percent despite a very challenging external economic environment. We are encouraged by these results, and we expect to have 85 percent or more of our businesses in Òready to growÓ status by the end of 2016.
Step 4 > Accelerate Organic Growth (2016+)
In 2016, we expect to deliver meaningful progress on our path to accelerated organic growth and our long-term organic growth goal of 200 basis points or more above market. Through our significantly more differentiated
The strong results that we delivered in 2015 and the significant progress we have made since the launch of our Enterprise Strategy in 2012 give us confidence that we are on the right track.
      2
2015 ANNUAL REPORT

                   business portfolio, scaled-up operating structure and growth investments, our strong foundation of operational execution and financial performance, and a tight focus on our most compelling long-term growth opportunities, we are confident that ITW is well-positioned to deliver on our growth goal.
Step 5 > Bolt-On Acquisitions That Support Our Organic Growth Focus
(2016+)
In alignment with both our Enterprise Strategy and our disciplined approach to capital allocation, we will use bolt-
on acquisitions selectively to reinforce and further enhance the organic growth potential of our seven core segments.
In early 2016, we announced an agreement to acquire the Engineered Fasteners and Components (EF&C) business from ZF TRW. EF&C is a highly complementary addition to our fast- growing Automotive OEM segment, with annual revenues
of approximately $470 million. This acquisition will expand
the growth potential of our Automotive OEM business and, through the application of our 80/20 business management system at EF&C, we expect to generate after-tax return on invested capital of 16 to 20 percent by year seven.
ITWÕs Performance Goals
As noted above, the core imperative of our Enterprise Strategy is to position the company to fully leverage the performance power of ITWÕs highly differentiated and
proprietary business model to generate solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns on capital. With this objective firmly in mind, we are committed to achieving the following performance goals by the end of 2017 and beyond:
1> Organic growth at 200 basis points or more above the market
2> 23+ percent operating margin
3> 20+ percent after-tax return on invested capital
4> Free cash flow of 100+ percent of net income
5> 12 to 14 percent total shareholder returns
While we are pleased with our progress to date, we remain focused on executing the work that we have ahead of us to deliver on ITWÕs full performance potential.
Management Team Developments
ITWÕs deep and experienced management team has always been one of the keys to ITWÕs success. Composed of experts in the practice of the ITW Business Model with deep knowledge of their industries and end markets, ITWÕs senior management team has an average tenure of 19 years of company service.
In 2015, we were pleased to elect Christopher A. OÕHerlihy as vice chairman. Chris is a proven ITW leader and an expert in the practice of the ITW Business Model. He joined the company in 1989 and most recently served as executive
ITW PERFORMANCE GOALS
 Through the execution of our strategy, we are structuring ITW to exit 2017 well-positioned to deliver best-in-class financial performance and generate compelling long-term value for our shareholders.
 200+ bps
Organic revenue growth above the market
  23%+
Operating margin
   20%+
After-tax ROIC
   100%+
Free cash flow as percent of net income
   12-14%
Total shareholder returns*
  * Assumes 3 percent market growth
ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 3

                vice president of our Food Equipment segment. In addition, we welcomed two seasoned ITW leaders to our executive leadership team: Dr. Lei Zhang Schlitz as executive vice president of our Food Equipment segment and Michael R. Zimmerman as executive vice president of our Construction Products segment.
We would also like to recognize two members of our Board of Directors, Don H. Davis, Jr. and Robert C. McCormack, who both retired in 2015 after serving on our Board for
15 and 31 years, respectively. We thank them for their valuable insights and many contributions to the company and our Board.
Closing Remarks
In 2015, we took another solid step forward in positioning ITW to deliver solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns, and we remain firmly on track to achieve our enterprise performance goals by the end of 2017. For that, we offer our deepest thanks to our more than 48,000 ITW colleagues around the world who, through their hard work and dedication, continue to serve our customers and execute our Enterprise Strategy with excellence.
Lastly, on behalf of your Board of Directors, your management team and all of us at ITW, we thank you, our shareholders,
for your continued support.
Sincerely,
E. Scott Santi
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Christopher A. OÕHerlihy
  Vice Chairman
David C. Parry
Vice Chairman March 23, 2016
  4
2015 ANNUAL REPORT
Christopher A. OÕHerlihy E. Scott Santi
David C. Parry
