TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS-
In 2014, we continued to leverage the ITW Business Model to deliver strong financial performance.
As a result of the excellent work of our business teams around the globe, ITW delivered record
operating income of $2.9 billion and grew earnings per share by 29 percent.
Operating margin of 19.9 percent was also an all-time high for the company, and we improved our after-tax return on invested capital by 260 basis points to 18.9 percent. Through the combination of the strong free cash flow generated by our business model and divestiture proceeds, we were able to return a record $5 billion to our shareholders and increased our dividend by 15 percent.
The ITW Business Model
Your company is built around a powerful and highly differentiated business model that comprises three elements:
1) The ITW 80/20 business process is a proprietary operating system that we apply in every ITW company. Through the application of our 80/20 business process, we structure and focus our businesses to uniquely satisfy the needs of their largest and most profitable customers and eliminate the costs, complexity,
and distractions associated with serving smaller, less profitable customers. As a result, our businesses consistently deliver solid growth with best-in-class total cost productivity by concentrating their efforts, investments, and resources on the key customers and products that are best positioned for profitable organic growth.
2) Customer-back innovation has fueled decades of profitable growth at ITW. In every market in which we operate, our businesses work hard to position themselves as the “go-to” problem solver for their key customers. Inventing solutions for our customers to help them address difficult technical challenges or improve their business performance has been the central focus of ITW’s approach to innovation all the way back to the founding of our company over 100 years ago. This approach is very much alive and well today, as evidenced by our portfolio of approximately 16,000 active and pending patents and the more than 1,600 new patent applications that we filed in 2014.
3) Our decentralized, entrepreneurial culture allows us to be
fast, focused, and responsive. Our people are clear about what
is expected of them with regard to our business model, our strategy, and our values. Within the confines of this framework, we empower our business teams to make decisions and customize
their approach in order to maximize the relevance and impact
of the ITW Business Model for their specific customers and
end markets. Our people thrive in ITW’s “flexibility within the
framework” culture; they think and act like entrepreneurs, they are
accountable, and they deliver.
Our Strategy
Our strategy is centered on our conviction that the ITW Business
Model is the core source of competitive advantage for the
company and value creation for our shareholders. Simply put,
the focus of our strategy is to position the company to generate
maximum yield from the compelling performance potential that
resides within our business model. By doing so, we will generate
solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns on capital for
the company and sustainable long-term value for our shareholders.
In conjunction with our strategy, we are in the process of
implementing a significant repositioning of our business portfolio,
which began with the divestiture of over 30 businesses that,
while strong performers in their respective industries, operated in

markets that did not have the attributes necessary to fully leverage the ITW Business Model. As a result, our business portfolio is now composed of seven industry-leading businesses, all of which have strong and sustainable competitive advantages, solid end-market growth fundamentals, and significant customer-back innovation potential to drive organic growth. All of these businesses have proven their ability to leverage the ITW Business Model to generate industry-leading operating margin and return on capital performance, with many of them exceeding average industry peer performance by 500 basis points or more on these key metrics. The focus of our portfolio repositioning efforts has now shifted
from divestitures to significant work going on inside our businesses to exit slower-growth product lines so that they can concentrate their efforts and resources on taking full advantage of their most compelling organic growth opportunities.
We are also executing a major initiative to simplify our operating structure to position our divisions to operate at the scale necessary to fully leverage 80/20, drive organic growth through innovation, and maximize their global competitiveness. Through this effort,
we are in the process of consolidating our operating structure
from over 800 regional business units into 89 global divisions.
As a result, we are becoming a simpler, more focused, and more effective company.
In addition, we are implementing a strategic sourcing program to better leverage our scale in sourcing raw materials throughout the company. Our target is to reduce global spend by an average of
1 percent per year for the five-year period from 2013-2017, and we have exceeded our annual targets in each of the past two years. 2017 Performance Goals
As we have noted, through the execution of our strategy, our objective is to position the company to deliver solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns on capital. With this objective in mind, we are committed to achieving the following performance goals by the end of 2017:
• Organic Growth: 200 basis points above global GDP
• Operating Margin: Approximately 23 percent
• After-Tax ROIC: 20+ percent
• Free Operating Cash Flow: 100 percent of net income
We have made significant progress toward these goals over
the past two years, increasing operating margin by over
300 basis points and after-tax return on invested capital by more than 400 basis points, but we have more work to do over the next several years in order to fully realize our vision for the company. Our Growth Focus
We believe that solid and consistent above-market organic growth must be the core engine that drives our company forward. Our
goal is to achieve enterprise-level organic growth of 200 basis points or more above global GDP in 2017 and beyond. Our portfolio management and business structure simplification initiatives
are significant and necessary preparatory steps to position the company to get there. In the year ahead, we will continue to execute on these initiatives while at the same time begin the process of pivoting our efforts and attention more fully to the organic growth component of our strategy.
The ITW management team is fully aligned with, and committed to, our organic growth focus. In addition, the incentive compensation plans of all of our leaders from the division level and up now have
a significant component tied to the company’s organic growth objectives. While incentive system alignment is important, we
are confident that ITW’s proven culture of execution will once

again serve us very well as we shift our focus to driving profitable
organic growth.
In support of our “organic-first” growth model, we will use
bolt-on acquisitions selectively to reinforce and further enhance
the organic growth potential of our seven core businesses. In addition, we may use a limited-scale acquisition to enter a new
market space that we believe has the potential to leverage the ITW Business Model into significant competitive advantage
and that over time can be scaled up into a new platform for the company – as we did very successfully with our Welding segment and our Test and Measurement platform.
Through our strategy, we are seeking to maximize the quality of our growth, not the quantity. As such, we will be highly disciplined in deploying capital and resources only to areas of opportunity that have the potential to take full advantage of ITW’s unique and highly differentiated business model. We will not chase unrealistic growth targets, nor will we deploy capital to purchase lower-quality revenue growth.
ITW Beyond 2017
We are encouraged by our progress and energized by the work that we have ahead of us over the next several years to fully execute our vision. Through these efforts, we are confident that the company will exit 2017 well positioned to generate compelling total returns for our shareholders over the long term.
2014 Management Developments
One of the hallmarks of ITW’s long-term success is our deep
and experienced management team. We would like to recognize Executive Vice President Craig Hindman, who retired after 38 years of service to the company. We thank Craig for his leadership and significant contribution to ITW’s success over the course of his long and distinguished tenure with company, and wish him the very
best in his retirement. We also want to recognize Sharon Brady, who retired as our Senior Vice President & Chief Human Resources Officer after eight years of service to the company.
We thank Sharon for her leadership and many contributions
to the company, and likewise wish her the very best in
her retirement.
We were pleased to welcome Katie Lawler as our Senior
Vice President & Chief Human Resources Officer in 2014.
Katie brings strong human resources, talent management,
and leadership development capabilities to ITW and is an
excellent addition to our senior leadership team. We were
also pleased to add Rick Lenny to our Board of Directors.
Through his significant experience as both a global business
leader and an independent board director, Rick brings a
wealth of valuable insights and perspectives to our board.
Closing Remarks
In 2014, we made excellent progress in the execution of our strategy and delivered strong financial results that kept
us solidly on track to achieve our 2017 performance goals.
These results would not be possible without the dedication, commitment, and hard work of all of our ITW colleagues
around the world. We offer them our deepest thanks.
Finally, on behalf of your Board of Directors and all of
us at ITW, we thank you, our shareholders, for your
continued support.
Sincerely,
