We once again generated record financial results in 2004.
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
In last year's letter to shareholders, I stated my belief that the best was yet to come for Jarden. We entered 2004 with a strong platform for growth and horizons full of opportunity and I'm very pleased to say that, as optimistic and confident as we felt at that time, we surpassed our expectations for progress during 2004.
First and foremost, we once again generated record financial results in 2004. Organic sales growth at Jarden, adjusting for the impact of acquisitions, was approximately 5%, at the high end of our target range. EBITDA margins, excluding non-cash restricted stock charges, were approximately 18%, consistent with our long-term strategy of maintaining an EBITDA margin in excess of 15%. With over $70 million of cash flow from operations, we continued the strong cash generation that has become a Jarden trademark and one of our primary financial objectives. We firmly believe that strong cash flow not only demonstrates the strength of our business, but also provides the capacity for future investment, including increased marketing programs and acquisitions. This continued peer-leading performance was the result not only of our ability to effectively execute accretive acquisitions, but also the delivery of strong operating results in the face of a tough trading climate. Our rapid pace of growth was recognized by FORTUNE magazine in their September 2004 issue, ranking Jarden as the 19th fastest growing company in America. During 2004, we completed the acquisition of The United States Playing Card Company and signed a definitive agreement to acquire American Household, Inc. USPC expanded our distribution and added diversity to our Branded Consumables division. USPC is the world's largest manufacturer and distributor of playing cards. During 2004, USPC extended its traditional playing card offering to include poker chips and poker sets, capitalizing on the surge in popularity of the game of poker. In fact, our poker chip sets were recognized as one of the hottest items for the 2004 holiday season by a number of our major retail customers. Our agreement to acquire AHI was announced in September 2004 and closed in January 2005. This was a watershed event for Jarden, tripling our revenue base as well as providing significant international distribution and a new portfolio of market-leading global brands. AHI met most of our traditional acquisition criteria, including market leadership, brand strength, complementary distribution channels and, of course, attractive valuation. The only significant aspect that deviated from our historical acquisition criteria was in adjusted EBITDA margins, where AHI had a run rate of approximately 7% EBITDA margins in 2004. However, we view this as a significant opportunity for Jarden in two regards. First, all of the businesses within the "new" Jarden should benefit from the synergies arising from the combination with AHI.

2

Second, we believe there is enormous potential to improve the underlying operating performance of AHI's Coleman and Sunbeam businesses. Both of these opportunities should drive margin expansion towards our stated goal of bringing Jarden's overall EBITDA margin back above 15% within five years, a performance that would yield healthy compound growth and a doubling of our earnings per share over the same time horizon. Operating highlights during the year were led by a record number of new product introductions. These included our World Poker TourTM poker kits, a new line of premium plastic cutlery under the Signature brand, a line of FoodSaver® accessories including the WineSaver,TM a new category of safety matches under the Diamond MatchGuard® brand and a unique, easy-to-hold Loew-Cornell® paint brush line. New product introductions are the lifeblood of any consumer products company and we were delighted that 2004 demonstrated that these products can drive organic top-line growth. Despite the impact of significant raw material cost increases, all of our business segments delivered record levels of sales during 2004. To accomplish this, while at the same time protecting margins, we had to conduct business smarter and more cost effectively than ever. We accomplished this by building on synergies arising from the growth of Jarden and programs within our manufacturing facilities to continue to increase productivity. We run Six Sigma and other programs to improve operating performance in our manufacturing facilities and have created our own culture of cost consciousness and efficiency across all of our businesses. Dollars saved on manufacturing or sourcing products can be reinvested in new product development to help grow the business in the future. While we have been aggressive in pursuing strategies to grow the company, we have maintained a conservative balance sheet, financing both acquisitions and organic growth in order to ensure financial flexibility. To this end, we placed $300 million of preferred equity and $50 million of common equity with Warburg Pincus and Catterton Partners as part of the AHI acquisition. We are delighted to have Warburg Pincus and Catterton as shareholders and believe that they will help create value for Jarden in the future beyond the provision of capital. The successful operation of our business segments is driven by the collective skills, knowledge and commitment of our employees worldwide and the pride they take in their work. As we emphasize every year, our most important assets go home every night. Many of our brands have been in existence for over 100 years and have become part of the fabric of the communities in which they operate, as well as the hearts of the consumers who buy our products. We take our responsibility to the future of these businesses as seriously as we take our commitment to shareholders to deliver exceptional performance. We have entered 2005 with enormous enthusiasm as well as a detailed action plan for the tasks that lie ahead and I look forward to reporting to you on our progress. Respectfully yours,

Martin E. Franklin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

3

