CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

"In a business where we live by the mantra, `Our most important assets go home every night,' we are particularly pleased that our management teams believe in, and are excited about, our long-term stategy to build a world class consumer products company."

PG. 2

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
I am delighted to report that 2002, by any measure, was the most successful year in the company's history. Despite a difficult economic climate, every segment of your company met or exceeded its profitability objectives.
Perhaps more important than short-term financial success, we defined a long-term strategic direction for Jarden Corporation and prepared the foundation for a successful execution of this strategy. Our strategy is clear and consistent; to build a world class consumer products company that enjoys leading market shares of niche markets for branded consumable products used in and around the home. We believe this strategy has not only created a strong, vibrant platform from which to grow, but also presents a compelling investment opportunity. The nature of niche markets means they are relatively small with attractive operating margins and strong cash flows. These markets have often been neglected, providing the opportunity for positive market trends from newly invigorated management with fresh and creative ideas. We believe that many of our niche branded consumable markets share similar distribution channels which can be leveraged to include new product introductions as well as more efficient customer service. A number of important milestones in implementing our strategy were achieved in 2002. acquired Tilia during the first half of 2002, the leading manufacturer and marketer of home vacuum packaging systems under the FoodSaver® brand in North America. This acquisition was a natural extension of Jarden's market leading position in another area of home food preservation, home canning. The synergies between these two businesses have already led to cost efficiencies and increased strength in marketing, distribution and product development. In addition, we believe our ability to complete a smooth and swift integration plan for the FoodSaver® acquisition bodes well for future acquisition integrations.

Established Platform for Growth
The company's transformation was highlighted by its name change to Jarden Corporation from Alltrista at the end of May 2002. While the name change was largely symbolic, the changes made since September 2001 have had a significant positive impact on the morale of our employees. In a business where we live by the mantra, "Our most important assets go home every night," we are particularly pleased that our management teams believe in, and are excited about, our long-term strategy to build a world class consumer products company. I believe this rejuvenated spirit has pushed your

Expanded into Home Vacuum Packaging
Following the significant reorganization and deleveraging of the company that took place in the fourth quarter of 2001, we

Martin E. Franklin 2002 SALES BY SEGMENT:
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

39% Home Vacuum Packaging 31% Branded Consumables 19% Plastic Consumables 11% Other

PG. 3

company's people to excel, despite macro economic challenges. To ensure the financial flexibility required for future growth, your company entered into a newly syndicated $100 million senior credit facility and $150 million ten-year senior subordinated notes that provides a non-amortizing base of capital at favorable rates. These positive changes in your company have resulted in a renewed interest in the equity of Jarden and should allow us to continue to increase the long-term value we can deliver to our shareholders.

We have strengthened our management ranks in 2002, not only in sales and marketing, but also in technology through the newly filled post of Chief Information Officer. In addition, we have welcomed the addition of two experienced independent directors to our Board, Irwin Simon, Chairman of HainCelestial Group, and René-Pierre Azria, Managing Director of Rothschild Inc. Their insights have already proved valuable to the company. Finally, all of the above has led to the start of recognition on Wall Street. Two research houses initiated coverage of Jarden in 2002 and a third began coverage in January 2003. The company's new strategic direction, as well as our strong financial results, helped Jarden's shares rise by over 200% in 2002, a performance that led to Jarden being listed as the number one performing stock in 2002 according to Investors Business Daily. We are proud of your company's performance in 2002. Much of the credit is due to the 1,500 members of the Jarden team and their outstanding efforts during 2002. We entered 2003 with considerable momentum and I look forward to reporting our progress to you as the year unfolds. Yours sincerely,

Acquired Diamond Brands
In November 2002, Jarden announced it had entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement to acquire the business of Diamond Brands, which was completed during February 2003. Diamond Brands is a leading manufacturer and marketer of niche consumer products for domestic use including kitchen matches, toothpicks, plastic cutlery, straws, clothespins and wooden crafts, sold primarily under the Diamond® and Forster® trademarks. Diamond Brands met our established major acquisition criteria: leading market shares of niche markets in branded consumables used in and around the home, established EBITDA margins in excess of 15% and a purchase price allowing immediate accretion to earnings from the date of acquisition, before synergies. With the inclusion of Diamond Brands, we have surpassed our internal goal of generating over 90% of our total revenues from consumer products related businesses by the end of 2003.

Invested in Organic Growth
To continue organic growth in our business we have allocated significant incremental marketing funds in 2003 for launching and promoting new product introductions. This effort has been led by our new Chief Marketing Officer, whose role is to define a strategy to drive organic growth across our consumer products businesses.

Martin E. Franklin
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

