Dear Fellow Shareholders:

It has now been nearly a decade since I became your Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in September 2001. Over that period, Jarden has developed from a $300 million spinoff from Ball Corporation to a $6 billion global diversified consumer products company. Perhaps most importantly, the value of Jarden's shares over that period has increased over 1,000%. Throughout this time, the core strategy
and thesis behind our development of Jarden has remained absolutely consistent. We set out to build a diverse portfolio of consumer brands that enjoy leading market positions in niche markets with strong historical cash flows and powerful brand equity. We have built a cohesive platform that today consists of over 100 leading household brand names, a collection of brands unrivaled in the consumer products sector. Throughout, we have held true to our core values, which we call the eight strands of Jarden's DNA. These core values form the heart of our operating platform that encourages teamwork, excellence and passion across business units. Jarden's DNA permeates each of the key functional areas, including new product development and innovation, marketing and sales, procurement and supply chain.

As a result of our strategy to continue to invest in our brands when our competitors were pulling back due to the recession, in 2010 Jarden grew its share of retail shelf space and produced record organic revenue, a greater than the entire revenue of the Company when I took office. This "investing for the long term" approach is why the strength of Jarden's collection of consumer brands is more powerful than ever before. We have reached our goal of having at least 30% of our sales come from products introduced in the last 36 months. Our increased scale and presence at retail, and the strong consumer takeaway of our authentic, value-added brands, are the direct result of go-to-market strategies implemented over the last several years. The strategic investments we made
during the economic downturn allowed our businesses to offer the innovation and creativity often lacking from other category suppliers. We recognized early that, while consumers had a heightened desire for value, they would not be fooled by items that were effectively inferior versions of existing old product at lower prices. We also recognized that the increased competitive environment and lower open-to-buys gave us the opportunity to distinguish our brands and products on what had often become overcrowded shelves.

The proof of the success of our
is a market leading, global provider of innovative recreational and high-performance sporting and technical products designed to maximize the enjoyment of the outdoors. Our market leading brands include Abu Garcia®, Aero®, Berkley®, Campingaz®, Coleman®, deBeer®, ExOfficio®, Fenwick®, 5150®, Full Tilt®, Gait®, Gulp!®, Hodgman®, K2®, Madshus®, Marker®, Marmot®, Miken®, Mitchell®, Morrow®, Penn®, Pflueger®, Planet Earth®, Rawlings®, Ride®, Sevylor®, Shakespeare®, SpiderWire®, Stearns®, Stren®, Trilene®, Tubbs®, Ugly Stik®, Völkl®, Worth®and Zoot®, to name just a few. Several of our brands have been in continuous use for over 100 years and are synonymous with their categories, including Coleman®, Hodgman®, Madshus®, Pflueger®, Rawlings®, Shakespeare® and Tubbs®.
2

Outdoor Solutions

operating model is the growth our brands have enjoyed as part of the Jarden family. This success has been achieved based on long term investments in product innovation and our brands, not by cutting investment and infrastructure costs for short term gain. In fact, brand investment and research and development spending, both in terms of total dollars spent and as a percentage of sales, are at record levels as we continue to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Compared to most Fortune 500 companies we have a unique entrepreneurial culture ­ our corporate office is well aware that we exist to service the needs of our operating businesses, not the other way around.

Over the last decade we have allocated significant resources to try to understand our consumers better than our competitors, and in many cases better than our retailers. With these insights we are able to design a pipeline of new products that meets ever-changing needs and aspirations of

"Throughout, we have held true to our core values, which we call the eight strands of Jarden's DNA."

end users, and we tailor our marketing accordingly. As such, we continue to modernize how we communicate with consumers. To this end we are supplementing our traditional media channels with highly innovative consumer outreach initiatives, including viral marketing campaigns utilizing YouTube, Facebook, and other social media outlets. One small example of a successful campaign launched in 2010 was the development of an iPhone application providing cooking recipes for Crock-Pot® slow cooker users, which now has over 300,000 downloads.

Today, our three primary operating
segments have become true market leaders in most of the categories they serve. Jarden Outdoor Solutions is now recognized as the largest sporting hard goods company in the world. Jarden Consumer Solutions is a recognized leader in a wide range of categories in small kitchen appliances, health and wellness and air purification, as well as one of the fastest growing pet care products businesses. Importantly, Jarden Branded Consumables has enhanced its leadership base significantly in 2010, on the back of high-value-added acquisitions.

Complementing our strong organic growth in 2010 were the acquisitions completed during the year. The most significant was Mapa Spontex, which closed in April. Jarden is a leader in the baby care industry and in household gloves and sponges. Building upon this presence in household cleaning supplies, we acquired Quickie Manufacturing Corporation, a leading supplier of household cleaning tools such as mops, brooms, brushes, and other stick and smallware supplies in December. Through this acquisition and together with our leading position in sponges and latex gloves, we now have a well rounded product line in household cleaning supplies to offer our retailers both domestically and internationally. Another area of success in 2010 was
our efficient access to the capital markets, continuing the work started in 2009 to ensure Jarden maintains a strong balance sheet for future growth. Throughout the year, we opportunistically accessed the debt

is a market leading global provider of worldclass products designed to simplify, improve and enhance the lives of consumers in and around the home. Our portfolio of brands is among the most recognized and trusted by consumers worldwide. Our leading brands include Bionaire®, Crock-Pot®, FoodSaver®, Health o meter®, Holmes®, Mr. Coffee®, Oster®, Patton®, Rival®, Seal-a-Meal®, Sunbeam®, VillaWare® and White Mountain®.

Consumer Solutions

Office of the Chairman
(from left to right)
Ian G.H. Ashken Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer James E. Lillie President and Chief Operating Officer Martin E. Franklin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

3

"As disciplined stewards of capital, our objective is to strike an appropriate balance between increased internal investment in new product development, debt repayment, additional acquisitions, share repurchases and dividend increases."
markets, extending the debt maturity profile of the Company. As disciplined stewards of capital, our objective is to strike an appropriate balance between increased internal investment in new product development, debt repayment, additional acquisitions, share repurchases and dividend increases. As the management team are significant shareholders, our interests regarding the optimal deployment of capital to help drive the long-term prosperity of Jarden are aligned with those of all shareholders.

talent to help execute our growth plan. As announced earlier this year, I have decided to assume the position of Executive Chairman following our 2011 Annual Meeting and James E. Lillie, Jarden's current President and Chief Operating Officer, who joined us eight years ago, will become Chief Executive Officer. I will continue to set Jarden's strategic and philosophical direction, and Jim will continue to focus on the successful day-to-day management of the business. The change should be seamless to the businesses, and I will continue to work with Ian and Jim within the "Office of the Chairman", which was created in 2005, to effectively lead the overall company.

is a leading provider of primarily niche, market leading branded consumer products used in and around the home.

Branded Consumables

While it is satisfying to look back at
the successes of the past ten years, my real interest is in looking forward to how Jarden can continue to win in the future. Undoubtedly, future success will need to be based on our current operating plan: to invest in market-leading brands in niche categories; to leverage our lowcost, highly efficient operating platform; and to make disciplined, strategic acquisitions. We will continue to balance our drive for growth within the businesses with our desire to expand gross margins. We will also need to be flexible to stay ahead of new macro trends as they emerge. However, I believe Jarden's current market position and financial foundation provide us a strong platform from which to grow for the foreseeable future. It is then down to hard work and executing on our plan to determine whether we succeed. I think I speak for all Jarden's employees in saying how much we look forward to making the most of the opportunities that lie ahead and striving to create significant future value for our owners, the shareholders. Respectfully yours,

Our leading brands include Ball®, Bee®, Bernardin®, Bicycle®, Billy Boy®, Crawford®, Diamond®, Dicon®, Fiona®, First Alert®, First Essentials®, Forster®, Hoyle®, Java-Log®, Kerr®, Lehigh®, Leslie-Locke®, Lillo®, Loew Cornell®, Mapa®, NUK®, Pine Mountain®, Quickie®, Spontex®, Tigex® and Tundra®.

What did all of this mean for Jarden in
2010? We produced record sales of $6 billion and record segment earnings of $710 million, both a 17% increase over 2009. We maintained our leverage ratio at less than 3x, as defined by our bank credit facility, and produced $289 million of cash flow from operations, finishing the year with nearly $700 million of cash on hand. Financially 2010 was a successful year for Jarden and, most importantly, we believe it positions us well to continue our top- and bottomline growth in 2011.

5-Year Financial Highlights ($ in millions) Net Sales
$6,000 $5,000 $4,000 $3,000 $2,000 $1,000 0 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 $3,846

2% =1 GR A $5,383 C
$4,660

$6,023 $5,153

Ian Ashken, my friend, colleague and
partner, and I founded the concept of Jarden when we joined the company a decade ago. We have always seen business as a team sport and believe our most important assets go home every night. We are profoundly grateful for the efforts, tenacity and dedication of the Jarden workforce.

Segment Earnings*
$700 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100 $419

C

R AG

=1

4%
$606

$710

$609

$502

As Jarden has matured, we have
continued to bring on outstanding

Martin E. Franklin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

0

2006

2007

2008

2009

2010

* Non-GAAP ­ For a reconciliation of Segment Earnings to GAAP Operating Earnings please see p. 6.

4

