Dear Fellow Shareholders
Many of you will be familiar with the saying,
2002. First and foremost, the sale

"Our future is where our past is". As a history buff I believe this old adage is equally applicable to businesses and their progression.
Since the management changes at your company in September 2001, we have pushed hard to return Alltrista to the fundamental tenets that historically gave it solid and consistent financial performance. The "DNA" of Alltrista has been to excel as a market leader in multiple niche markets that are relatively mature, thereby producing attractive margins and strong cash flow. By far the largest component of the continuing company has been Consumer Products, which manufactures branded consumables used for food preservation. The fundamental shift in focus and direction that has taken place in your company during 2001 is the renewed emphasis on the consumer products business that has consistently delivered steady returns for shareholders. In order to achieve this renewed focus, since September 2001 the company has executed its stated objectives to produce a clear platform for growth in

of the thermoformed plastics businesses of Triangle, TriEnda and Synergy World ended a misguided and very costly diversification from the core strengths of Alltrista. The sale, which created a loss of $121.1

million, removed a significant distraction and financial burden on the company. At the same time, the sale produced a tax loss carry back in excess of $100.0 million that has enabled Alltrista to recover at least a portion of its lost capital through tax savings and refunds. Simultaneously with the divestiture, we took steps to improve the efficiency of our headquarter's structure, closing our Indianapolis office and moving these functions to our Rye, New York and Muncie, Indiana locations. These actions have netted approximately $3 million in cost savings.

2
Alltrista

home canning food preservation branded kitchen consumables consumer products

"During 2001, Alltrista repositioned its growth strategy to focus on consumer products. This pyramid depicts the long term consumer products strategy."

Chairman's Letter
Martin E. Franklin
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

In a further step to solidify the platform of Alltrista for the future, in December 2001 we sought and received overwhelming shareholder support for a number of corporate initiatives designed to enhance our ability to present a more attractive company to investors. These initiatives included moving the company's state of incorporation from Indiana to Delaware, increasing the authorized share capital and creating and amending stock option plans to attract and motivate your management team. I am pleased to report that despite all of the distractions and strategic initiatives during 2001, the core remaining businesses of Alltrista turned in solid financial results. All of these businesses were profitable with healthy operating margins, a fact that is a testament to the resilience of our businesses in tough economic environments. As you will see in this 2001 Annual Report, the renewed focus on Consumer Products will serve as the foundation for future growth. That is not to imply that our Materials Based Group will not continue to receive attention and be an integral part of the company over the long term, but merely will not be where we will seek external growth. Your management and employees are delighted to be past the turmoil of 2001. Morale in the company is high, enhanced by the renewed support and approval from Wall Street and our larger shareholders. Martin E. Franklin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Yours sincerely, Looking forward into 2002, we were delighted to announce the proposed acquisition of Tilia International, Inc. This acquisition, if completed, will not only bring us leadership in home vacuum packaging systems, but will bring our consumer products concentration to over 72% of sales. We will greatly benefit from the strong leadership at Tilia and they will be a welcome complement to our team. I look forward to providing a more detailed description of the enlarged group when reporting on our progress for 2002.

3
Alltrista

