MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
AS JARDEN ENTERS ITS SEVENTH YEAR we will look back at 2007 as the year we truly emerged as an established world-class, diversified consumer products company. Three developments in 2007 underpinned this important progression: the acquisitions of K2 and Pure Fishing helped grow Jarden to a Fortune 500 business; a number of the investments we made over the last three years in new product development and brand support started to pay dividends; and our continuous improvement programs and focus on operating excellence allowed us to achieve meaningful margin improvements despite the continuing dual headwinds of cost inflation and pricing pressure. In previous letters I have highlighted different areas of Jarden's three core strengths: our people, our products, and our brands. This year I am going to focus on the unique characteristics that we call Jarden's DNA, which we believe lays the foundation for significant growth and continued value creation
Martin E. Franklin, Chairman & CEO

opportunities over the next several years.

From 2001, when Ian Ashken and I assumed the leadership of Jarden, we have fostered an entrepreneurial culture with significant operating disciplines, while seeking to attract and retain the best management talent. Recently we have focused on articulating what Jarden stands for and why our unique culture allows us to be a successful leader. As you can see from our Annual Report cover, Jarden's DNA is a blend of our brands and the four key characteristics that link them together: controls, execution, relationships, and sustainability. It was a rewarding exercise for our Board and management to verbalize what makes our company
TM "and the unique. Hopefully you have all seen our new tagline, "Jarden, the brands of everyday life,

eight core elements that we have identified as the summation of Jarden's DNA. This is a written documentation of the way we have been managing Jarden from the beginning, not some theoretical model dreamed up by a bunch of consultants. I believe much of what we do is in the application of common sense, yet it is surprising how often companies do not focus on the basic operating requirements of a business, instead favoring visionary statements or lofty goals without any fundamental foundation. I hope you will take the opportunity to view the enclosed CD, which contains a greater review of Jarden's DNA, as well as a look at some of our products and recent promotional activities. The form of this year's Annual Report, with its reduced paper content, is reflective of our focus on sustainability. By next year, we expect our report will be fully electronic.

In this Annual Report we briefly touch on the goals of each of our business segments and their fit within our overall strategy and operating philosophy. Through the hard work and dedication of our 25,000 employees, we intend to continue to produce exceptional financial results as a result of our focus on improving our operations, driving organic growth, and investing in new product innovations and our brands. Jarden's 2007 revenue of $4.7 billion, an increase of 21% over 2006, was fueled by two significant strategic acquisitions that propelled Jarden Outdoor Solutions into becoming our largest operating segment. On an annualized basis, this segment has revenue of approximately $2.5

"With over $300 million of cash flow from operations, we continued to demonstrate the strong cash generative power of our diverse brand portfolio."
billion, out of the company's total annualized revenue of approximately $5.5 billion. Furthermore, 2007 segment earnings of $566 million, a 28% increase over 2006, underscored our success at the operating level. With over $300 million of cash flow from operations, we continued to demonstrate the strong cash generative power of our diverse brand portfolio. I am especially proud of these results as we spent more on marketing and new product research and development than at any previous time in the company's history. Jarden has always focused on markets in which our brands hold leadership positions, with many of the categories we serve being relatively small niche markets. The acquisitions of Pure Fishing and K2 into Jarden Outdoor Solutions created what we believe is the largest sporting goods equipment company in the world. We now have established leadership positions not only in camping equipment but in recreational fishing, baseball, skiing, snowboarding and many other outdoor activities. While our integration work at Jarden Outdoor Solutions is just beginning, the success of our integration work at Jarden Consumer Solutions over the last three years provides a clear illustration of what can be achieved. Since 2004 JCS has grown its segment earnings by a compound annual growth rate of 44%, while taking segment earnings from 9.3% of revenue to an impressive 14.5% of revenue. Credit for this success should go to the management team at JCS, many of whom have worked together for over 10 years, as well as their disciplined and focused approach to driving margin expansion through new product development and brand support. While this is a common theme across all Jarden's businesses, the execution of this strategy at JCS has been exceptional. We believe in setting specific medium-term goals, rather than being fixated on short-term ups and downs. I stated at the beginning of 2005 that within three to five years we would double our continuing earnings per share. In 2004 we produced $1.49 of EPS on a revenue base of $839 million. In 2007 we were close to achieving this goal in only our third year on a revenue base of $4.7 billion. We expect to exceed the goal of $3.00 continuing EPS in 2008 and have

accordingly set ourselves a new medium term goal. The new goal we established in 2007 is to progress continuing EPS to $5.00 by the end of 2011. We expect to reach this objective through executing on our strategy of investing in our people, our products, and our brands to drive profitable growth. As I state every year, our most important assets go home every night and as our scale and impact on others has expanded, so has our focus on being responsible corporate citizens. I'm proud of the contributions we make to the communities that we work in, whether through volunteer activities, charitable donations or leadership roles that our employees assume in the

"The acquisitions of Pure Fishing and K2 into Jarden Outdoor Solutions created what we believe is the largest sporting goods equipment company in the world."
community as a whole. We continue to support programs for returning veterans through our proactive veterans' employment policy and, on a personal level, I was honored to successfully compete in the 135-mile Badwater ultra-marathon foot race through Death Valley last summer to raise money and awareness for the Wounded Warriors project, with our Coleman Xtreme® coolers as a proud race sponsor. As I write this letter, America is struggling through a period of significant stress to the financial system and convincing evidence of economic recession. I believe Jarden is well-positioned to weather whatever challenges these conditions may bring. We have a talented and focused management organization that is proactive and not complacent. We have created a resilient, defensive and diversified business platform. We believe that our products and brands are relevant to our customers in good economies and challenging ones alike. Despite the macro headwinds, we believe 2008 will prove to be another record year of sales and segment earnings for Jarden. As we say in Jarden's DNA statement, we strive every year to make the business better and we will work hard to execute against our operating strategy to achieve our stated financial goals. Yours sincerely,

Martin E. Franklin Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

