DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

I am proud to report that 2005 was another highly successful year for Jarden, marked by strong growth and record results. With revenues of $3.2 billion, up 280%, our strong financial performance for 2005 put us nearly half way toward our goal of doubling our 2004 as adjusted EPS within 3 to 5 years.
In January 2005, we completed the American Household acquisition, which has proven to be a highly successful addition to Jarden. In July 2005, we added The Holmes Group, a predominantly niche player in the kitchen appliance and home environment markets, to complement our Jarden Consumer Solutions segment. With this acquisition, we believe Jarden Consumer Solutions today offers the broadest portfolio of industry-leading brands in the small kitchen appliance market. During 2005, the performance of our shares exceeded that of the S&P 500 for the fifth consecutive year, and Jarden was ranked by The Wall Street Journal as the number one performing stock in the consumer products sector over the last five years, with a compound return for shareholders of 59%. We continued to be challenged by significant increases on the cost side of our business during 2005. Rapidly rising prices for key energy-based raw materials such as resin and glass, as well as increases in transportation costs, were among the most pressing issues we faced. We addressed these hurdles with aggressive cost-cutting efforts, synergies derived from leveraging our enlarged operating platform and appropriate price increases to customers. These efforts enabled us to continue our momentum and growth during a time when the overall consumer products industry struggled. We credit this success, at least partially, to the fact that a significant number of our products and brands are market leaders in their respective categories. Maintaining this position not only drives our continuing focus on innovation and customer service, but also positions us well in good economic times, as well as leaner years. Our strong cash flow from operations of $241 million in 2005, allowed us to continue to invest in new product development, and brand support in our key markets. This in turn enabled us to increase our leadership position in many of the categories we serve. Warburg Pincus and another private equity co-investor demonstrated their faith in Jarden and the American Household acquisition with a $300 million investment in convertible preferred stock and $50 million investment in common stock in January 2005. The preferred stock was ultimately converted to common stock in August 2005 after Jarden met certain performance criteria, thereby eliminating the ongoing dilutive effect of the preferred coupon. Warburg Pincus has proven to be a strategic partner to Jarden and has provided valuable input on a number of initiatives, particularly our Asian strategies. We have been opportunistic in repurchasing our share capital in times of market weakness, while maintaining our discipline towards our debt to equity and leverage ratios. In conclusion, our successes in 2005 have allowed us to start 2006 stronger than ever, and we continue to be excited by the opportunities that lie ahead. As always, our most important assets, our people, are the key to our success and they performed admirably in 2005. Our aim is to create an environment where our employees are heard and respected, their ideas acted upon and their achievements rewarded. Jarden is a company where the individual can and does make a difference every single day. In this annual report, we have highlighted a number of value-added employee initiatives. These examples illustrate the effort and drive for success demonstrated by our team. We now employ over 17,500 people throughout the world and we hope this window into a handful of their stories provides an insight into the core of Jarden's success and culture.

Respectfully yours,

Martin E. Franklin Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

2

