 TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC.
We are very pleased with the accomplishments of 2015, especially in realizing our long-held belief in the power of our complementary services. We not only benefit from our diversified and balanced portfolio financially, but as importantly, we are learning how to use our blend of offerings to differentiate J.B. Hunt as a complex Supply Chain Management company for our customers. Given the strength and size of our largest segment, the JBHT Intermodal franchise, it can be a task to make up shortfalls in this business unit. Actually, that is exactly what we did in 2015. We will elaborate more later in this letter. As in recent years, we again faced a number of uncontrollable obstacles and headwinds in 2015, a recurring theme in the U.S. economy. Rather than spending time on issues beyond our control, we will discuss how our efforts were focused on things we can influence to accomplish our bottom-line goals and deliver, in many categories, another record setting year in 2015.
As we do every year, we recognize and thank our hard-working employees. So that we do not allow this recognition to become a passive or overly generic placeholder, let us elaborate on our thoughts here. Every day in every part of the company, more than 21,500 of the most dedicated people in the transportation industry work with a passion and commitment to serve our customers and each other. Each of them helps to deliver on our promises that we will be safe and strive to create real value for our customers and our stockholders. Our culture encourages innovation and we embrace the challenges wefacebylisteningtoourcustomers’needsdrivingforwardwithexpandingservicesbuiltonagrowingfoundationofindustry-leadingtechnology. So far, this combination of core principles has been at the center of our growth and sustainability. Every day, the good people of J.B. Hunt are working hard to build a bigger, stronger and better company. We are very proud of them.
2015 Financial Results
We set records in several important financial categories again in 2015. In fact, we achieved all of our primary goals with the exception of our total revenue targets. Here we should acknowledge the impact that fuel has on all businesses and consider the underlying revenue trends excluding the effects of fuel. While we did not fully achieve our objectives in this category, we did grow the company’s revenue excluding fuel surcharge by a respectable 9%. We increased operating income by 13% and earnings per share by 16% with EBITDA exceeding $1 billion in 2015. All of these metrics are new records that met or exceeded our plans for the year.
Some interesting statistics show a more comprehensive picture of the company’s financial performance over the past several years. Starting in 2010 through 2015, we have invested $2.7 billion in net capital expenditures, generated over $4.7 billion in EBITDA, delivered more than $1.9 billion in net earnings, paid out just under $450 million in regular dividends and repurchased over $1 billion in common stock.
At year’s end, we owned 12,500 tractors, 29,247 trailers, 78,986 containers, and 68,076 chassis. We owned or leased 42 terminal facilities, 89 Final Mile Services cross-dock locations, 34 ICS branch sales offices, and other support locations across the USA, Canada and Mexico.
Important Developments in 2015
As mentioned, our strategy in 2015 focused on being intentional in areas of the company that we had more control over. A good example of this is an initiative called Elevation. This program is designed to pull together some of our very brightest people on cross-functional teams to gather, process and prioritize ideas and input from all across the company. We generated nearly 5,000 new ideas ranging from cost improvements to enhanced services. After testing for viability and real value, the final ideas were submitted to a steering committee consisting of our entire executive leadership team. In all, we approved well over 400 ideas, which we will implement over the next two years. We plan to continue using this approach to build on the culture of gathering ideas and getting input from all of our people.
In 2015, we said goodbye to our good friend and Chief Information Officer, Kay Lewis. She served the company well in many roles during her career and made a lasting impact on both our technology culture and our people. Kay has earned great respect in the business community across the country for many aspects of her leadership and contributions to our company and the industry. We wish her the very best in her well-deserved retirement. We will all miss her. Taking her role as our new Chief Information Officer and Executive Vice President of Technology and Engineering is Stuart Scott. Stuart comes to us with a strong leadership background at General Electric, Microsoft, Webvan and Sealy. We are excited to have Stuart with us and have high expectations for our strategic direction under his capable leadership.
We embarked on an effort late in 2014 that gained momentum in 2015 known as the J.B. Hunt Experience. Our focus centers on enhancing the experience had by anyone who works for, sells to or buys from the company. Our priority during the initial phase has been on our driver force in hopes of improving the hiring and retention of these essential employees. Extensive focus on selection and recruiting, on boarding, manager training, communications, driver input, terminal renovations, mobile development and other ideas have driven us to our current state. Going forward, we will continue the efforts on our driver group and add a meaningful component of Customer Experience focus.
The Enterprise
We report publicly on four segments: Intermodal, Dedicated Contract Services, Integrated Capacity Solutions and Truckload. However, our strategic approach to the markets we serve utilizes a much more integrated approach than just selling each segment individually. Contained in each of these segments are a number of transportation solutions developed to meet the changing demands of our customers. We have spent several years refining our customer interaction framework and we see growth opportunities in all of these offerings.
  2
Letter To Our Stockholders

 Our sales and marketing teams receive extensive training on the full range of services in each segment and are well-equipped to develop comprehensive client relationships. All of our top-tier customers use at least three of our four segments regularly and many use all four. The primary goal of our approach is to gain access to as much information as possible about each customer’s supply-chain needs, then use our complementary service offerings to build intelligent solutions that are hard for our competitors to duplicate. These more deeply integrated relationships help us retain business and grow with our customers as their businesses evolve.
The Supply-Chain Management Businesses
Supply chain management encompasses the movement and storage of raw materials, work-in-process inventory, and finished goods from point of origin to point of consumption. Point of origin can include a manufacturing location, a port or crossing of international import, or a warehouse/distribution center where product is introduced for movement to a place where it can ultimately be consolidated with other inventory, sold and consumed. Our services range from the largest privately owned fleet of intermodal containers in North America and all supporting assets, like chassis and dray equipment, to a final-mile-services network with 89 cross-dock locations. Between the point of origin and the point of consumption, many activities can occur that we are well-positioned to handle and manage. Any type of movement – including truckload, less than truckload, bulk, parcel refrigerated, flatbed and specialized equipment – is available through a combination of our segments.
Our research supports a meaningful number of loads currently moving on the highway systems that are convertible to Intermodal with both our existing base of larger shippers and with a high number of mid-size and smaller shippers we have targeted. We hold a positive view on the potential this data presents to continue our organic growth trajectory in Intermodal. Our railroad partners made great progress in 2015 improving their respective infrastructure and service levels. The incremental nature of intermodal load volume will drive continued service and capacity improvements by our rail partners as they look to reprioritize a changing commodity dynamic in their more traditional business lines. This business serves the introductory and consolidation portions of Supply-Chain Management for our customers.
Dedicated Contract Services focuses on long-term agreements for the exclusive use of a combination of assets and people that provide an extremely high level of service and reliability. Typically, DCS provides value in the later stages of Supply-Chain Management as inventory moves to the point of purchase and the point of consumption. Customers place a higher priority on the transportation services required as they move closer to the end consumer. Our retention rates in this business are very good and we see expansion possibilities in the conversion of more customer-owned and -operated private fleets. Additionally, we offer a contract-based final-mile/home-delivery system for big and bulky inventories and believe with the continued growth of e-commerce and online purchasing, these markets will grow in the coming years.
The pairing of our Truckload segment and the Integrated Capacity Solutions segment emphasizes a wide range of highway-centric services. These include asset-based truckload capacity with dropped trailer pools, non-asset-based brokerage services for all types of highway equipment including dry van, temperature-controlled, flatbed, bulk, less than truckload, oversize loads and a variety of managed services for customers of all sizes. We are especially proud of our Truckload group for completing a difficult turnaround and returning to a fully sustainable and functional performance level in all categories.
Although excellent work in our rate quality was accomplished during 2015 across all segments, the business plan in JBI was not entirely achieved, missing on the top and bottom line. Fortunately, as mentioned, DCS and JBT outperformed their plans, more than offsetting the shortfall in Intermodal. This is where we experience the power of our collective portfolio of services complementing the overall needs of our customers and our stockholders. We expect JBI will return to historical performance and delivering its plans and, at the same time, we are encouraged by the performance of DCS, JBT and ICS and by the power of our portfolio. We will continue our focus on building services that fit together to present highly complex, scalable and differentiated solutions to our customers’ Supply-Chain Management challenges.
A Final Word
Since going public in 1983, we have built on each prior year’s successes and failures to be a better company. 2016 will be no exception as we press ahead in the “new economy” and make our way forward. Our businesses are all financially healthy and running at improving levels of service. This is a unique situation, and we plan to take full advantage of our position. Our challenge lies in finding new customers to serve and in continuing to expand our offerings to meet their needs. We thank our employees for believing in our vision and strategy and for supporting it with their commitment every day. We exist because our customers trust us to deliver on our promises. And to our stockholders, we understand our duty to you and we take it quite seriously.
John N. Roberts, III Kirk Thompson President & Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
  3
Letter To Our Stockholders
