   DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS:
2009 proved to be a challenging year for the entire nation. From individuals and families to large corporations, everyone has been touched in some way by one of the worst recessions in U.S. history. How did J.B. Hunt fare? We were not immune to the economic downturn and have, in fact, been weathering a challenging freight market that began well before the country itself was declared to be in official recession. While we were disappointed in the decline in earnings over the past year, it was not unexpected. A well-established approach of a diversified business model coupled with the embracing of innovative ideas and unwavering commitment to safety has insulated us far more than many in our industry.
The economic environment notwithstanding, in 2009 some exciting things occurred at J.B. Hunt. We solidified our intermodal services network in the East and implemented a comprehensive, nationwide cross-dock and delivery system. Both of these watershed events significantly reinforced our strategy to offer the most flexible transportation services in the nation. We also increased our already substantial investment in “green” initiatives by responsibly researching, testing and deploying some of the latest technologies to reduce our impact on the global environment. With these and other 2009 advances, J.B. Hunt has one of the most balanced and comprehensive supply chain service offerings in the marketplace. J.B. Hunt can transport our customers’ freight to wherever it needs to go – whether it’s a large storage facility across the country or someone’s home 20 miles away. And we do it in the most resourceful, cost-conscious, environmentally-friendly way possible.
J.B. Hunt is the leader in intermodal transportation with a history spanning more than 20 years. In 2009, our Intermodal segment represented over half of total company revenue and an even greater share of operating income. Our proactive investment continued as we increased our container fleet to more than 40,000 and grew our tractor fleet to over 2,300 units (+8%). We believe ownership and control of equipment separates us from the competition and allows customers the support, flexibility and service they demand. We are committed to our rail partner relationships and enjoy unique economic arrangements that focus on cost reduction and operational efficiency. The Eastern network agreement with Norfolk Southern Corporation will further develop a growth channel traditionally reserved for truck service. Additionally, J.B. Hunt maintains a mutually beneficial relationship with Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation in the western part of the U.S. representing more than 75% of our annual intermodal purchased transportation. On-time rail service remains high, and our rail partners continue to invest in improving their infrastructure for long-term benefits. We will seek out new intermodal growth channels and invest in opportunities allowing for adequate return on invested capital. Every load we move from a truck to intermodal decreases our impact on the environment and improves safety on our nation’s highways.
We are pleased with the progress of our Dedicated Contract Services® (DCS) segment. For more than 18 years, DCS has executed an on-site operations management approach providing clear understanding of customer objectives and advancing customer relationships. We focus on sustainable growth channels such as replenishment, specialized services and final mile delivery. DCS sold more new business in 2009 than in any prior period, and we’re proud to point out this segment’s safety results were the best on record. DCS continues to add service offerings that are wholly unique for this segment of the industry. A clear example is the implementation of a nationwide final-mile delivery network. With 87 cross-dock service centers in operation, 98% of the U.S. population is now within 150 miles of one of our facilities. This network provides our customers with a cost-effective, efficient solution for inventory management and delivery. Additionally, DCS extensively increased its presence in the agricultural and food service industries and is actively pursuing additional final mile opportunities in a variety of areas.
In 2006, Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS) employed 18 people and was essentially an asset-overflow model within the Truck segment. It became a stand-alone segment in 2007, and now employs more than 300 people with an impressive sales force and strong revenue stream. Over the past year, we realized a substantial increase in our carrier base, bringing it to more than 22,400 carriers. ICS also branched out across the nation, with 12 locations in key markets. In 2009, more than 80% of this segment’s total loads were powered by partner carriers, illustrating it is no longer an asset-overflow model. Despite the tough rate environment, ICS produced an operating ratio of 94.9%, matching results of the prior year. This business is attractive with returns on invested capital well above asset-based levels, and we plan to expand our sales network as supported by market dynamics and profitable growth opportunities. We’re proud of the remarkable escalation and success of ICS, and there are no signs this growth is letting up.
Our Truck segment went through a major restructure which included further reductions of its fleet. With 2,861 tractors, this business segment is approaching an optimal fleet size, yet remains one of the largest truckload carriers in the nation. As expected, network refinement has produced better results in asset utility. Economic factors still point to an ongoing tightening of capacity. While lowering truck count certainly helped, the pricing environment of 2009 is not sustainable. Unacceptable financial returns simply cannot be tolerated any longer. The Company’s focus remains on evaluating underperforming accounts and freight mix to ensure the Truck segment is on its way to a balanced asset-vs.-capacity existence and more profitable returns.
J.B. Hunt is the leader in providing flexible, all-encompassing transportation solutions. Currently, almost 80% of our customer base utilizes three or more of our unique, yet complementary services; this clearly indicates shippers are beginning to understand the obvious benefits of partnering with a carrier possessing comprehensive capabilities. With increasingly complex supply chains and higher demand for on-time service, no transportation company is better positioned to provide best-in-class service for a variety of specialized industries with unique and challenging transportation needs.
       Letter to Our Stockholders

  Our proprietary Customer Value Delivery® methodology continues to play a vital role in securing and retaining customers. Going forward, our financial strength is particularly important and we will continue to invest resources where adequate returns are recognized. J.B. Hunt’s industry-leading position, which is due in large part to our focus on diversification and a less cyclical business model, allows us to weather economic downturns. Our success over the years has been built upon our willingness to develop areas that differentiate us as a company – complementary service offerings, innovative technology solutions, sustainability and, as always, best-in-class Safety. We embrace change and seek to make long-term strategic decisions to create competitive advantages and deliver expected shareholder returns. Quality remains at the forefront of everything we do, and delivery on our promise to the customer is paramount. Above all, it is our People that make the difference. We take great pride in their accomplishments during 2009 and look forward to their creative, customer-focused response to the opportunities that lie ahead.
Sincerely,
Kirk Thompson Wayne Garrison
  Letter to our Stockholders
