 1
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS:
2001 was a very challenging year for transportation. The economy, which fell into recession officially in March, started out the year with very weak freight shipments. Fuel prices were at or near 10-year highs for most of the year but slowly began to abate by year’s end. The insurance market was cycling through a re-pricing of trucking business, prompting drastically higher insurance rates before the tragedies of September 11. After the terrorist attacks on America, the traumatized insurance market initiated even higher increases. At the same time, used truck values plummeted to unheard-of lows and inventories of equipment, both new and used, started to reach the critical point.
All of these factors combined to make 2001 the worst year in modern history for the trucking industry. Bankruptcies and repossessions among motor carriers were commonplace. Suppliers and manufacturers of transportation parts and equipment saw their sales plummet by 45-50%. As in the past several years, the trucking industry failed to earn enough profit to justify capital investment in replacing equipment, much less sponsoring growth in capacity. In short, it was ugly.
While J.B. Hunt was certainly not immune to the issues and problems that faced our industry, we managed to garner some satisfying progress. In 2001 we finished the separation of our Truck and Intermodal business units. 2002 will mark the first full year in which the Company will have visibility and laser-beam focus on the specific profitability of the individual operating units. The Truck business unit saw significant improvement in profitability as yield management practices put in place throughout the year slowly started producing better returns. Intermodal continued to sparkle in terms of profitability in spite of the recessionary environment. Dedicated Contract Services (DCS) completed their aggressive fleet expansion that was a part of a five-year plan to convert the company’s older cabover tractor fleet to primarily conventional tractors that drivers prefer. DCS profitability declined in 2001 but showed signs of recovery in the last quarter of the year as they began to shift their focus from one of explosive growth to a more deliberate strategy centered around maximizing profitability.
Customer service is key in our business. In 2001, we delivered outstanding service to our customers in each of our business segments. In Truck, our on-time service was 97.3% for the entire year and was consistently exceeding 98% in the fourth quarter. Intermodal service reached an all-time high in the second half of the year and recorded a respectable 93% for the year. DCS service continued to consistently test perfection as they produced numbers in excess of 99%. We believe that for a fleet our size, with the diversity of services we provide, our service is unmatched.
Safety of our fleet, our drivers, our employees and the motoring public comes first at J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. A peer group comparison of 22 of our largest competitors revealed that J.B. Hunt ranks second in terms of safety rankings from the U.S. Department of Transportation. For five years running, we have lowered our injuries per 100 drivers in both Truck and DCS. We take great pride in the achievements of our one-, two- and three- million-mile safe drivers and the rest of our team for making J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. one of the safest carriers in the nation.
We enter 2002 having withstood the significant challenges of the past year with clarity of purpose and a strategic vision that has never been sharper. Our people are energized and equipped with the best systems in the business, unmatched capacity in a diverse service offering and unyielding commitment to customer service and safety. While the economy remains uncertain and freight shipments are below normal, we are encouraged by the resiliency of our company in the face of what many have called “the perfect storm.” With great confidence and excitement we embrace the new year and firmly believe our team is competent, our vision is clear, our strategy is set and on-target, and our results will improve. Once the economy rebounds and freight shipments pick up, we believe those results will be evident to all.
Kirk Thompson Wayne Garrison
