 TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC.
We are pleased to report that 2012 was the best year in the Company’s 29 years since our Initial Public Offering of stock in 1983.
Following a record-setting 2011, we again surpassed milestones in critical financial, operational and customer development objectives. These included record total revenue, record operating income and record earnings per share. Load and stop volumes grew year over year in each business. Our measurement of customer retention improved across all four segments with customers who were active in the prior year, an indication that we are meeting or exceeding requirements at levels sufficient to keep and grow their business. Customer relationships also expanded with new accounts as the approach of integrating the sales and marketing of non-asset, asset-light and full-asset services continued to make progress.
2012 Financial Results
Total revenue exceeded $5 billion, operating income improved to more than $530 million and earnings per share increased to $2.59, all record levels for J.B. Hunt. We generated over $750 million in EBITDA, invested a net $370 million in capital equipment and assets, and paid $83 million in ordinary dividends (including pulling ahead one quarter for stockholder tax benefit). We reduced our debt by $64 million, repurchased $50 million of our common stock at an average price of $58.89 and added more than 800 net new employees in 2012.
We remain committed to a disciplined and financial return-based approach for managing and growing the Company, driven by the requirements of our customers and executed by the remarkably capable people of J.B. Hunt. By listening to our customers and doing a great job for them, we are developing the services they need for which they are willing to pay fair rates on good terms. This model generates the appropriate financial returns required for growth and reinvestment. We recognize and thank all of our talented and loyal employees for their effort and the great results of 2012.
JBI
During 2012, JBI eclipsed another significant milestone by moving over 1 million loaded units with BNSF. Experiencing solid customer demand, we increased JBI assets by growing all components of the fleet, including containers, chassis and tractors. Improvements to service on our rail providers coupled with an intense focus on increasing efficiencies in operations and dray activities delivered higher equipment velocity. Fleet capacity expansion, improving service levels and increasing equipment turns all enhance our reach for intermodal lane expansion to capture more highway business. We are encouraged by the success of our primary rail partners and we look forward to continued investment within each area of our joint services during what we see as ongoing conversion from highway to intermodal in the coming years.
DCS
We have two primary strategies in DCS: creating and converting private fleets and expanding Final Mile Services. We continue to make progress in both categories. First, we received several larger-than-usual fleet awards during 2012. These new fleets began implementation in the second half of 2012 and will continue through the first half of 2013. Second, we added six new customers to the Final Mile Services network during the year. Additionally, all customers within the network expanded their business with us. We continue to focus on the customer experience in Final Mile Services and the enhancement of our planning, technology, training and “end user” culture. All this is being done in preparation for what we think is a promising growth area, particularly with the continuing increase in online shopping and the need for home delivery and installation of big and bulky items such as appliances and furniture.
ICS
As planned, we opened four new outside branches in 2012, augmenting our reach with customers and partner carriers. Our intermediate goal is to build an outside branch network of 25 unique offices. The service offerings in ICS continue to strengthen across our customers’ ever-changing supply chains as we gain experience in TL, LTL, refrigerated, expedited, special projects and flatbed services. Marketing efforts in ICS focus on new customers and developing expanded revenue streams. This not only fortifies the independent business of ICS, through intentional cross-selling, we generate growth in the other three segments of the Company as well.
  2
Letter To Our Stockholders

 JBT
Assets in JBT decreased throughout the year in response to an ongoing struggle to achieve acceptable, sustainable profitability. Overall demand for generic truckload services has not shown signs of stabilizing over the past three years. Continued efforts to find the right business model with the correct blend of capacity and rate structure are supported by management. We do believe that offering a relevant truckload service in lanes where intermodal, dedicated or brokerage are not the best solutions will be valuable and differentiating.
Strategic Initiatives
Customer Diversification: While focusing on customer retention and growth, we are simultaneously working toward customer diversification. Our goal is to add new clients and widen the span of revenue creation across a broader base while maintaining and growing our existing accounts. Additionally, we have developed a Customer Scorecard to guide us in evaluating the quality of each customer profile. Some of the data here include buying practices, payment terms, claims and percentage of total spend with J.B. Hunt.
Operational Infrastructure: Our maintenance and properties requirements have evolved over the years and we are currently evaluating all locations for improved efficiency and relevant placement. Our analyses include proper utilization and cost effectiveness in ongoing maintenance schedules, adequate yard space for equipment, location and stem miles to and from intermodal ramps and dedicated customer sites.
Technology: We currently have a number of technology-based initiatives, including a comprehensive review of our global database strategies, conversion of our sales management and HR software, enhancement of our Final Mile Services planning, routing and delivery systems and implementation of electronic on-board recorders for all tractors. We are also introducing a new system in ICS for managing our brokerage business and outside carriers. Efforts to maximize our self-service Internet capabilities for our customers and carriers, enhancing the use of social media and other emerging ideas are all in scope for the coming years.
We are pleased with the journey so far. Still, there is ample room for improvement on many fronts. The opportunities presented in highway-to-intermodal conversion, private fleet outsourcing, Final Mile Services, and the management and brokerage of customers’ freight are plentiful. We remain confident that we will find the right blend of assets and services to present a compelling and viable answer to the asset-based truckload needs of our customers.
Again, we thank our employees for their crisp execution and commitment to excellence. We thank our customers for their patronage and trust. And we thank our stockholders for your investment and ongoing confidence.
     John N. Roberts, III
President & Chief Executive Officer
Kirk Thompson Chairman of the Board
3
Letter To Our Stockholders
