 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
We are pleased to report a banner year in 2005 in terms of both operational performance and in our continuing focus on SAFETY.
For 2005, the full-year operating ratio was 89.0%, or 87.7% excluding the impact of fuel surcharges. Total operating revenue for the year surpassed $3 billion for the first time ever, at $3.1 billion. The Truck segment operating ratio improved 50 basis points to 88.4%, while the Dedicated Contract Services (DCS) segment improved 210 basis points to 88.1%. The Intermodal segment operating ratio was 90.4%, including a previously announced $25.8 million arbitration charge recorded in the third quarter of 2005. Excluding the arbitration charge, the Intermodal operating ratio was 88.4% and the overall operating ratio for the Company was 88.2%.
We are pleased with the Company’s financial results for 2005, which reflect a 25% return on equity and a 23% return on average invested capital for the year. Freight activity in February through June 2005 was not as robust as 2004 had been, but August through the end of the year saw accelerating demand in Intermodal, DCS and Truck. As a result, profitability improved, resulting in a record year for revenue and profits. We had to absorb additional purchased transportation expense in our Intermodal segment as a result of the terms of arbitration and still achieved an operating ratio of 87.6% for the Company in the fourth quarter, the first full quarter after the arbitration was final, and a 28% increase in diluted earnings per share, excluding the tax charge for the fourth quarter of 2004. DCS led the Company in profitability for the year, slightly edging out Truck. In fact, at 87.1% for the fourth quarter, a 110-basis-point improvement over the fourth quarter of 2004, DCS reached record profitability for that segment. The Truck operating ratio of 85.8% in the fourth quarter was the best margin we have seen in that segment in 17 years. Excluding the dilutive effect of higher fuel surcharge revenue, as some of our competitors do in reporting operating ratios, the Truck operating ratio was 83.8% for the fourth quarter and 87.0% for the year. Recent recognition by many of our customers for outstanding service and value creation is one of the explanations for the increase in business we see across our segments. It is due to the dedication and professionalism of our entire team that we have been able to improve service to our customers over the past several years.
Just as importantly, our SAFETY culture continues to be at the forefront of our organization. In 2005, we were able to duplicate the fine performance we saw in 2004 in Department of Transportation (DOT) accidents per million miles and DOT preventable accidents per million miles. We improved upon our already-impressive results in injuries per one hundred drivers and injuries per one hundred shop personnel over the previous year and maintained our place at the top of the industry in safe operations. One significant outcome of our industry-leading SAFETY results over the past several years is the establishment of a multi-year, $500,000 deductible for our primary insurance coverage applicable to 2006 and 2007. This compares favorably with our previous $2 million deductible. While increasing our fixed costs, lowering the deductible should create less volatility in our earnings. We will, of course, continue our relentless efforts to reduce the claims under this lower deductible to realize potential cost reductions.
One thing we know for certain: Success does not come without a winning strategy, detailed planning and excellence in execution. In order to extend the success the Company has achieved in recent years, we must remain focused on the fundamentals of execution for our business. We are driven by the opportunity to exceed our customers’ expectations around their supply chain needs through best-in-class service and innovation. Customer Value DeliveryTM is our passion. Operational excellence while achieving best-in-class SAFETY is our objective. We will continue to pursue excellence in all our endeavors and meaningful returns for our stockholders as a result.
  Thank you for your continued interest and support.
2
Kirk Thompson Wayne Garrison
