 1
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS:
We are pleased to come to you with this report of all-time high net earnings and earnings per share in 2002. It was a year of great accomplishment at our Company made possible by hard work and dedication by the greatest transportation team in America. J.B. Hunt Transport Services is served by 16,265 transportation professionals including 12,029 of the nation’s safest truck drivers. It is a formidable team, and it takes everyone working together to achieve these record results. We dedicate this report to the J.B. Hunt Transport employees.
Earnings for 2002 exceeded management expectations, as actual EPS was approximately 10 percent higher than the Company’s internal financial plan projected in December of 2001. Revenues were within 1 percent of the original plan. Here are the numbers. We announced record annual net earnings of $51.8 million for 2002, or diluted earnings per share of $1.33, also a record number, compared with 2001 full-year earnings of $32.9 million, or 91 cents per diluted share. Total operating revenue for the year was $2.25 billion, compared with $2.10 billion in 2001. While the economy and level of freight activity were challenging during 2002, the Company is extremely pleased to report improved operating income and net earnings for the year. Operating income rose 40 percent from $72.2 million in 2001 to $101 million in 2002 on a 7 percent rise in revenues. Net earnings rose 57 percent to a record $51.8 million in 2002 from $32.9 million in 2001. Earnings per share jumped 46 percent in spite of a nearly 8 percent increase in average shares outstanding. A significant portion of the full year 2002 net earnings improvement was a result of the Company’s continued focus on improving revenue quality in the Truck business segment. Higher revenue per loaded mile, an intense focus on freight selection and reduced empty miles were a result of the Truck segment’s yield management initiatives.
Reaching this milestone was not easy. The nation’s economy has not been kind the past two years. The Company has undergone a substantial overhaul in the past five years. We have pared our service offerings to three segments. We have applied laser focus to each of the three business segments and have enjoyed significant improvements. Providing high quality, safe transportation to a diversified base of outstanding customers who place a high value on dependable, reliable transportation across most of the North American continent at a fair price, is our mission. Our service to our customers is the best in history and is best or near best in class in each segment. Safety has become our utmost concern, and our success is demonstrated in our industry-leading position in safety statistics as made available by the U.S. Department of Transportation.
Still we have much to do. While our operating margins at the three business units are improving, we have a way to go before you, our shareholders, are earning a reasonable return. Before we invest additional money for capacity growth in the business, we will insist on better margins and returns. Just optimizing the capacity we already have will generate top-line growth of up to 20 percent. The combination of that potential growth with continued progress on improving our margins offers the opportunity for additional significant earnings increases over the next two years or so. The success we have had in the past two years at repairing our once industry-leading Truck margins is not finished. We will continue to pursue operating ratios in the low 90 percent range. Some of the disciplines we have applied in Truck are now being migrated to the Dedicated Contract Services (DCS) and Intermodal segments, and we believe we will see improvement in those operating ratios also, especially in DCS.
A number of unusually severe cost increases are impacting our industry. Insurance and claims costs have risen substantially over the past two years as a result of a “hardening” insurance market brought on by dismal investment earnings and catastrophic claims at insurance companies. Expensive litigation and incredibly large jury awards and settlements have also added to the cost of risk management. New environmental regulations on engine exhaust will reduce fuel efficiency, increase the purchase price of trucks and leave uncertainty and doubt as to the reliability and longevity of new engines that meet the new criteria. The result will be higher costs to transportation carriers. These and other significant cost pressures dictate that motor carriers and intermodal providers must achieve higher freight rates or face significant financial pressure leading to further reductions in the population of carriers. Business failures among truckers is at an all-time high because of these and other issues. Thankfully, J.B. Hunt Transport has fashioned a healthy financial position that allows us to be an industry leader. However, even industry leaders cannot bear the burden of increasing costs, particularly those of an unusual nature, without obtaining pricing relief for the quality service we provide. Our customers understand this reality and have been cooperative at providing that relief. Hopefully, the severe cost increases that are plaguing the industry will abate in 2004 and beyond. We will continue to do our part at keeping the value in the transportation equation by improving our efficiency, our service, our availability of capacity and above all, our safety.
Thank you for being an important part of our Company. And, again, we particularly want to thank the J.B. Hunt Team for outstanding effort and success in 2002.
Kirk Thompson Wayne Garrison
