SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES AND FRIENDS:

Fiscal 2000 was a great time to be a stakeholder in Jabil Circuit. Our outstanding financial results reflect the unwavering diligence of our employees, our success in selling our solution to a broader customer base and our continued position of strength in an attractive growth industry. Highlights from the year include continued record-setting revenue and earnings growth. We increased revenue to $3.6 billion, the second year in a row that revenue increased nearly 60 percent, and the third consecutive year we exceeded 30 percent. More importantly, in fiscal 2000 operating income and earnings per share increased 49 percent, representing an acceleration of our historical growth. Our return ratios on invested capital, equity and assets continued to place us at the top of our peer group.

These financial results were all the more gratifying given the rapid capacity and global expansion we undertook throughout the year. We developed new sites in Hungary and Mexico. Our Hungary operation is pivotal as a low cost site to support expansion of our European business. In Chihuahua, Mexico we commenced production in a leased facility and broke ground on a facility that, when completed in fiscal 2001, will be one of our largest campuses. We also expanded capacity at virtually all of our sites around the world. Concurrent with these expansion and greenfield efforts, we acquired an electronics manufacturing services (EMS) provider in Brazil; successfully integrated our acquisition in China; and expanded Jabil Global Services internationally. Our acquisitions performed at or above expectations throughout the year. We are deeply gratified by the contribution these employees are making to the development of Jabil. All told we expanded our employment base from less than 8,000 people to nearly 20,000. We also doubled our manufacturing capacity during the year to more than 3.5 million square feet. Our solid financial performance during this period of rapid growth is testament to the caliber and vigor of our people. We look forward to 2001 and beyond with great anticipation. We believe our investments in management, systems and capacity will reap dividends in the near term.

TIMOTHY L. MAIN
President and Chief Executive Officer 2

