DEAR EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS AND PARTNERS:

Jabil had a remarkable fiscal 2011. The company posted its second consecutive record year, with revenue rising 23 percent to $16.5 billion and fully diluted earnings per share growing 122 percent to $1.73 per share. We also produced a record level of cash flow from operations, maintained a healthy liquidity position and returned $262 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Jabil's growth story is very unique, not just in the manufacturing services industry and electronic hardware business, but in the broader population of publicly-traded companies. Since our public offering in 1993, Jabil is one of just five Fortune 500 companies that have grown at a compound annual growth rate of 25 percent or higher. Even through the more recent turbulence, from 2008 through 2010, Jabil is one of only nine Fortune 500 companies with over $15 billion in revenue to grow at our pace. By any measures, Jabil is in elite company in terms of growth, however, Jabil is not looking backwards or resting on the past, rather we are looking forward towards a future of opportunity. Jabil marched forward in fiscal 2011, on our core strategic initiatives of growth, differentiation and sustainability. In fact, growth, differentiation and sustainability are linked together in the value proposition we offer customers. We emphasize business areas in which Jabil has a competitive advantage and investments in our people, capital expenditures, technology and strategic acquisitions are geared to expand the value of our services in a highly differentiated way. As we progress on this path, our services become more vital to our customers business and quality growth follows. We believe the sustainability of our results flows from the intrinsic value of the services we provide to customers, customers that choose us for quality and reliability over price alone. Diversified Manufacturing Services set the pace for our growth in fiscal 2011. In this area revenue increased 43 percent year-over-year, well above our 20 to 30 percent long-term target range. Comprised of three distinct reporting areas: Specialized Services; Healthcare & Instrumentation; and Industrial & Clean Tech, we remain confident in our expectations for continued growth, especially in these areas where we believe we have unique competitive advantages and where we can leverage broader global trends. Specialized Services includes the Aftermarket Services business and the Materials Technology group. Both enjoyed significant growth during the fiscal year. Aftermarket Services is expanding services from reverse logistics and depot repair into advanced logistics services and providing infrastructure to key customers in developing world markets. We announced the acquisition of Telmar in fiscal 2011, broadening our market to include complex telecommunications products and deepening engineering capabilities in this field. We look forward to continued growth and value contribution from this area in the years ahead. Our Materials Technology group enjoyed a spectacular year of growth as new process technologies were rapidly deployed and matured into significant levels of production. Unique engineering solutions are being developed, combining a wide range and combination of materials. In this area our expanding customer base includes the world's leaders in mobile internet products. In coming years, we expect to see this engineering capability continue to strengthen our value proposition in other markets, most notably in healthcare.
10

"2011 was a remarkable year for us and we're very pleased with the growth and advancement made on key strategic objectives to diversify our business and to premise our value to customers on highly-differentiated services and capabilities."
Tim Main - President and Chief Executive Officer

Healthcare & Life Sciences customers need "safe" hands to help them penetrate emerging markets, bring innovative products to market and reduce healthcare delivery cost. Jabil builds 70 percent of its output in lot quantities of 100 or less, mastering high mix, high complexity manufacturing in low-cost locations, the very markets in which our healthcare customers want to expand. Uniquely, Jabil's business in Materials Technology brings highly differentiated engineering approaches to a broad range of materials, including glass, ceramics, metals and plastics used in disposables and other products. We will continue to drive quality as the number one priority to preserve and protect the trust patients have in their healthcare providers. Jabil was an early mover in the Industrial & Clean Tech business. We believe this adds to our credibility with customers and has given us a head start in developing unique capabilities for customers in this business area. Global competition for scarce resources such as energy, food and water are leading to shifts in approaches to resource generation and conservation. Jabil's participation in this business area spans renewable energy generation, grid distribution, storage and efficient use of power in products such as lighting and appliances. We have an emerging business in water treatment and will look to build this in coming years. We are developing new capabilities that can leverage value through the entire industrial and clean tech ecosystem. These differentiated service areas give us high confidence that we can sustain ourselves for years to come with new business and a continuous refreshing of our value proposition. Our Enterprise & Infrastructure business enjoyed outstanding revenue growth of 18 percent in fiscal 2011. In this area, we simplify our customers' challenge to design, manufacture, deliver and service their products around the world. We believe our customers want financially strong, flexible and agile suppliers that can effectively help them manage supply and demand around the world. Jabil's advanced IT system, including a single instance of SAP worldwide, gives us a unique advantage to efficiently collaborate with customers in a transparent way. The move to the "cloud," along with increased social networking, video distribution and information management are key trends supporting longer-term growth in this field. Jabil's culture of continuous improvement has reached an important point of maturity. Lean is a self-sustaining part of our culture. In fiscal 2011, our people increased kaizen activity by over 200 percent, generating over 14,000 blitz kaizen events worldwide. This helps our business stay competitive and ahead of price erosion curves. This is especially important in our High Velocity area, where a hyperactive focus on cost and asset turnover helps to keep the entire Jabil body healthy. Operating margins in this area doubled in fiscal 2011 to 2.4 percent. Our product development services continue to expand and add crucial value in key relationships. Jabil has over 1,000 design engineers in ten locations around the world providing hardware, firmware, mechanical, validation and value engineering services. We have broad capability in value engineering and focused full product development in key areas, notably healthcare and enterprise storage. Although Jabil's R&D expenditures appear relatively small, design is a significant area with over $100 million in revenue, most of which is reimbursed through customer relationships or major business units.
11

Over the past five years, the company has achieved an improved level of diversification, in particular with respect to sources of profit. In fiscal 2006, we derived nearly 50 percent of our profit from what we now call High Velocity. Today, over half our profitability is derived from the Diversified Manufacturing Services business area. This is the fastest area of growth, the highest profit contributor and the most diversified of our business groups. This helps to make Jabil a more resilient and sustainable business. It has also had a positive impact on earnings power. This area is increasing as a percentage of our overall revenue, reaching 40 percent in the final quarter of 2011. For the year, operating margins expanded in a corresponding fashion, 110 basis points, while operating profit increased 77 percent. We believe our business is going through a positive transformation. We have emerged from a severe recession with a stronger business focused on key markets leveraging our core competitive advantages. The basis of how we compete has fundamentally changed to value generation. It is an exciting time to be part of the Jabil experience. Jabil's journey in growth, differentiation and sustainability is powered by our people. Jabil has a powerfully passionate culture that is driven to achieve beyond expectations. However, achievement is not attained at the expense of our core values. Our global "Deliver Best Practices" competition reminds us each year of the many good things our people do, during work and in the community. We hope you enjoy a brief look inside at the heart and soul of Jabil; our people and the good things they do each day.

Summary of Operations
For the Year Ended August 31
(in thousands, except per share data)

2011
$ 16,518,827 23% $ $ $ $ 578,734 3.5% 381,063 1.78 1.73

Net Revenue Net Revenue year over year % change Operating Income (loss) Operating Margin Net Income (loss) Income (loss) per share-basic Income (loss) per share-diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Cash flows from operating activities Capital expenditures Cash dividends declared, per share Share repurchases

214,502 220,719 $ $ $ $ 828,009 458,989 0.28 200,000

FISCAL 2011 SEGMENT RESULTS

32%

36%

Timothy L. Main
President and Chief Executive Officer

William D. Morean
Chairman

32%
DIVERSIFIED MANUFACTURING
17% 7% 12% SPECIALIZED SERVICES HEALTHCARE & INSTRUMENTATION INDUSTRIAL & CLEAN TECH

ENTERPRISE & INFRASTRUCTURE HIGH VELOCITY
12

