DEAR SH A R E H O L D E R S :
Fiscal 2005 represented another outstanding year of growth for Jabil. Revenue and diluted EPS of $7.5 billion    and and to $1.12 exceeded our initial fiscal trend expectations 2004 line of of represented grow along growth our ten over year approach will be pivotal to our successful development of new high growth sectors such as Automotive, Defense & Aerospace and Computing & Storage. Customers across all sectors are seeking external solutions for the design, assembly, delivery and service of their products. Even today, we find that most of our customers still retain some or all of these activities internally. Jabil's role is to liberate our customer's capital and management by reliably and cost effectively transitioning these functions to an outsourced
Consolidation of Outsourcing Suppliers -20%

20 and 38 percent, respectively. We continue 25 percent compound annual growth, placing us among an elite group of high-growth S&P 500 companies. The catalyst for Jabil's strong growth continues to be the trend to outsource the design, manufacturing, delivery and service of electronic products. In 2004, the top 25 providers of electronic outsourcing services enjoyed revenue growth of $30 billion. Estimates are that another $20 billion will be outsourced in 2005. Jabil's on-going business strategy is to capture and sustain a diversified revenue stream from the market growth by delivering the best services for customers, great opportunities for our people and superior returns to shareholders.  During the fiscal year we successfully pursued outsourcing opportunities across all of our defined market sectors. Our two largest sectors, Consumer Electronics and Instrumentation & Medical, have also been our fastest growing opportunities. These two sectors combined were less than $375 million in fiscal 2002. In fiscal 2005 they contributed over $3 billion in revenue and in fiscal 2006, we expect a contribution of over $4 billion. In order to effectively compete in these distinct and dissimilar sectors, we offer tailored supply chain solutions delivered through our industry unique, customer-centric business unit model. Our unique
In Billions $5

model. In fiscal 2005 approximately half of Jabil's growth came through the conversion of our customer's internal activity to an our growth in fiscal 2006.

SOURCES OF GROWTH
Other - 5% Conversion to the Outsource Model - 51%

New Customers - 24%

FY06 Estimate

outsourced model. We expect a similar contribution to

We achieve high-quality, profitable growth by weaving together the right combination of services, locations, systems and people for each individual customer application. The right combination will depend on the sector, the customer and the circumstances of our engagement. We are investing in the depth of our competencies, the breadth of our services and the quality of our systems and people. During the year, we opened new sites in China, India and the Ukraine. We expanded sites in many areas, including our rapidly growing configure-to-order (CTO) and fulfillment sites in Hungary, Malaysia, Mexico and the USA. Global support of CTO and fulfillment activities requires a core competency in IT infrastructure and B2B systems, inventory management and logistics, as well as a low-cost structure. We intend to be the dominant provider of end-to-end solutions for our marketplace. Jabil has been designing products for over ten years. Today, the scope and competency level of our design services is far beyond what we imagined they would

RAPID GROWTH SECTORS

$4

$3

$2

$1

$0 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006E

become. Our product development headquarters in

INSTRUMENTATION & MEDICAL

CONSUMER



Shanghai has grown substantially as have our design centers in Europe, the USA and India, and other locations within China. We are bringing to market products for consumer, storage, peripherals and automotive customers, successfully competing against ODM suppliers. For many customers, the combination of our product development with our global manufacturing is a uniquely compelling solution.    We are expanding our ability to effectively manage a global supply base. In support of this effort, we are investing in our electro-mechanical design, tooling and assembly capabilities in several locations. Our investment in design, tooling and supply base development gives us the ability to control critical path elements of the electro-mechanical supply chain, reducing time to market and product cost. Several new campus sites will locate strategic suppliers nearby allowing for flexible management of demand and supply. During the year we added
In Millions

We are keenly aware of the need for high asset velocity and cash cycle management. Over the past two years, cash flow from operations has grown over 30 percent per year, faster than revenue and earnings. Free cash flow has been over 40 percent of net income for the past two years, indicating we can generate significant levels of surplus cash in a high growth environment. The three major rating agencies unanimously agree that Jabil's balance sheet is investment grade. Core return on invested capital (ROIC) reached 19 percent in the fiscal
15%

$600

EXPANDING ROIC

20%

approximately 15,000 people to support our growth. We realize that our strong expansion places pressure on our human capital and so we will continue to invest liberally in training, management development and knowledge sharing to ensure the sustainability and quality of our

$500

$400 10%

fourth quarter of 2005 and we expect fiscal 2006 to be our fourth consecutive year of ROIC expansion. Our assessment of the business outlook is very positive. We have a terrific trend to outsourcing and a business model

$300

$200 5% $100 0% 2002 2003 2004 2005

$0

EBITDA

CORE ROIC

solution. The key to our success is people and we want to have the best trained and most highly motivated people in the business. Our largest acquisition of the year was the electronics manufacturing operations of Varian, Inc. This acquisition expanded our USA presence and our ability to build and deliver very high mix, high complexity products. In fiscal 2006 we will continue to expand our capabilities and add to our know-how through selective acquisitions that integrate well with our operations, business strategy and financial requirements.  

to capture a well diversified share of the market. We have not been in this position before and we emerge from the first half of this decade as a new breed. We are more agile and flexible, and able to compete with any approach in the industry. Yet we remain a trusted, stable partner for our customers with an incredible foundation for long-term success. We are thankful for our customers, blessed with incredible people and excited about the extraordinary opportunities ahead.

Timothy L. Main President and  Chief Executive Officer

William D. Morean Chairman



