

TO	O  U  R	SH	AR	EH	OLDE  R   S,	CU	ST	O  M  ER	S, SUPPLlERS	AND FRlENDS








 
Fiscal 2001  was a challenging  and turbulent  year. It began with every indication that organic growth would drive top and bottom line results well above our long-term objective of 30 percent. These early signs of strength weakened rapidly into a steady deterioration of demand throughout the fiscal year. We absorbed severe and abrupt inventory corrections from our customer base beginning in the second fiscal quarter. The inventory corrections were exacerbated by curtailed consumer, corporate and telecommunica足 tions spending. By now the technology recession that is gripping the global economy  is well documented. It lingers still as we enter fiscal 2002.
We were profoundly impacted  in  both  human and financial terms. We were compelled to reduce our worldwide workforce and the financial impact was reflected in reduced revenue and earnings expecta足 tions and a very weak equity market. The impact  to our customers is just as pronounced and in many cases more severe than we are experiencing.
It  is said  that you see the best of  people in the

worst of  times and we believe  this to  be true of the
 
people at Jabil. In spite of the obstacles, much was accomplished during the year. We did an outstanding job of managing our financial position and balance sheet throughout the year. We continue to lead our industry in a variety of financial performance metrics, including inventory turns, days of sales oustanding, return on assets and return on equity. We earned net income of $118 million while our top four competitors amassed losses of $274 million during the same period. We produced our sixth year of positive cash flow from operations, generating $183 million during the year. We concluded fiscal 2001 with $430 million in cash and substantial credit availability.
Operationally we opened new campuses in Chihuahua, Mexico and in Tiszaujva ros, Hungary. We absorbed a complicated multi-plant, multinational acquisition of Marconi Communications factories in Europe. We established new customer relationships and began manufacturing in several new industry segments. Just as important, we continued to support our existing customers. In most cases we expanded our market share in our top relationships.
 


2
 





 

We continue to develop industry-leading supply chain management capabilities, expanding our global commodity management capabilit ies as well as pioneering new business-to-business solutions with an expanding number of customers.
We enter fiscal 2002 in a strong competitive position, confident in our ability to capitalize on opportunities for growth. Although the uncertainty of end-market demand continues, we expect both top  and bottom  line  growth  during  the  year. We expect this growth to come from new customers added during the past year and from several current customers who have chosen to consolidate their supply base to fewer,  more  strategic,  global EMS providers.
The strongest source of growth will continue to be the overall trend to an outsourced, virtual manu足 facturing model. The weak  economic  environment is accelerating the demand for our services.
 

We are discussing the process of transitioning attrac足 tive businesses in the communications, computing , storage, medical, consumer and automotive industries to an outsourced manufacturing model. We believe that our value proposition is compelling and we expect to gain substantial traction proliferating our solution throughout the fiscal year.
Our company is blessed with a spirited and tenacious community of focused people. Our objective remains to focus resolutely on the  needs of our customers, providing them with innovative solut ions in a global context. We gain  market  share and customers by doing our job better than alternative solutions. We have an  enormous  market availab le to  us  and  a  compelling  and cont inuously improving value propos it ion. As fiscal 2002 unfolds, we expect this to become increasingly appa rent.
Thanks to all our employees for their hard work
 
 		and sacrif ices during a difficult year. We approach

 
MARKET	OPPORTUNlTY

 
SOU R CES : TFI, DATA OU EST, GS RESEARCH
 
fiscal 2002 with determination and confidence in our company and our prospects fo r long- term prosperity in a growing indust ry.


Sincerely,


Wi ll iam D. Marean, Chairman of the Board

Timo t hy L. Main, President Et Chief Executive Off icer
 



3
