DEAR EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS & PARTNERS:
We are very pleased to report that fiscal 2012 was our second consecutive record year in earnings per share and third consecutive record year in revenue. This continues a trend of strong growth established over many years. Over the past ten years Jabil's compound annual growth rate in earnings per share exceeds 25 percent. We are thankful for the great group of customers we support and the many thousands of Jabil employees around the world, who work tirelessly on their behalf. Differentiation is the key to our success. Mastering high-mix manufacturing in low-cost locations, providing unquestioned quality in highly-regulated industries, technically-advanced design services and life-cycle management are key areas for differentiation. Jabil is also uniquely qualified to address converged product challenges, working hand in hand with our customers to create new products which address unique challenges in emerging markets.

As expected, Diversified Manufacturing Services continued to Leveraging our market position in Diversified Manufacturing be the growth engine for the company. Over the past three Services will be a key management mandate over the next several years our business strategy to years. Our track record of success, aggressively grow in this area has great customers and focused been successful. In fiscal 2010, this employees lend confidence to our area of our business totaled $4.2 future performance. EARNINGS PER SHARE GROWTH billion in revenue and comprised Compound Annual Growth Rates 54.8% 31 percent of our total business. Our High Velocity sector performed In fiscal 2012, the business totaled very well in fiscal 2012. Due to 39.8% $7.5 billion in revenue, comprising softening demand of a mobility 44 percent of our total business. customer, revenue declined 14 25.7% percent year-over-year.  Excluding Our Materials Technology this mobility customer, revenue Services group led growth in was stable year-on-year. On this sector. Explosive growth in lower revenue levels, we were very mobility products helped leverage pleased to improve margins, ending growth through existing and new the year at 3.8 percent. customer relationships. Significant investment in capacity, R&D and Jabil's core operations professionals 10 YEARS 5 YEARS 3 YEARS new process development took did an outstanding job this year of 2002-2012 2007-2012 2010-2012 place throughout the year as growth focusing on lean manufacturing continued on a broadening platform principles and driving improved of products and customers. quality performance. Almost 33 thousand Kaizen events were implemented across the company, Aftermarket Services completed the acquisition of Telmar, opening a 116 percent increase from fiscal 2011. Key quality professionals new growth opportunities in telecommunications, complementing also successfully reduced defect per million rates to less than six an existing market position in mobility, computing and multimedia (six sigma) in certain automotive and printing business units. This markets. was particularly helpful in driving improved margins and customer satisfaction levels. The combination of the Materials Technology and Aftermarket Services comprises Specialized Services, 24 percent of our total Jabil has a strong core manufacturing capability and we expect to business in fiscal 2012. Specialized Services has grown 161 percent continue to benefit from this skill set across the entire enterprise since fiscal 2010 and we expect to continue to show outstanding in the years to come. growth in fiscal 2013. Revenue in our Enterprise & Infrastructure sector declined two The Healthcare & Instrumentation and Industrial & Clean Tech percent year-over-year. Margins were below target for the year, segments also posted good growth in fiscal 2012. These sectors although we did see sequential improvement in the third and comprised 20 percent of Jabil's overall business in fiscal 2012 and fourth fiscal quarters. we expect fiscal 2013 to be another year of growth. At $3.4 billion in revenue for fiscal 2012, these sectors are larger than the total Fiscal belt-tightening around the world, the European debt crisis revenue of our smaller North American competitors seeking to and recession, anxiety about growth in China and fiscal policies specialize in these markets. in the USA led to softening end-markets through the fiscal year.

10

EARNINGS PER SHARE
Jabil expanded market share in areas such as enterprise storage and wireless infrastructure to offset much of the softness, although Western European operations continued to negatively impact margins throughout the year. We do not expect a significant improvement in end-markets in the near future. Accordingly, we will instead focus on lean manufacturing improvements, driving higher quality levels and using tools to improve planning and reduce working capital consumption. Our core capabilities are in excellent condition as are our primary customer relationships. Should end-markets improve over the next few years, we are well-positioned to enjoy the benefit. Jabil's balance sheet remained strong during the year. We successfully sold $500 million in bonds; renewed and increased our revolving credit facility; generated $634 million cash flow from operations and further positioned our company to grow in a responsible way. We presently expect fiscal 2013 cash flow from operations to be approximately $1 billion. Jabil's ability to generate cash from our core business is noteworthy. Jabil's core EBITDA margin was 6.3 percent in fiscal 2012, well above our peers. In dollar terms, core EBITDA was $1.1 billion. (Defined on pg. 12) We expect to be able to continue to drive cash flow from operations and free cash flow to expand our business, make strategic acquisitions and return capital to shareholders. In fact, over the past five years, Jabil has returned almost $800 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In October, we announced a management succession plan that will promote Mark Mondello to CEO, effective March 1, 2013.  Bill will not stand for re-election as Chairman of the Board and it is anticipated that Tim will be elected to become Chairman. This succession plan has been in process for years and is indicative of a mature, high quality, human development process. We anticipate a smooth and seamless transition over the course of fiscal 2013. Jabil is in an excellent position to prosper in the years to come. Our market position is strong, we have ample opportunities for growth and we have talented people to serve great customers. We appreciate the support and commitment of our customers, employees, suppliers and investors. Best Regards,

Compound Annual Growth Rate 55% $1.87 $1.73

$0.78

2010

2011

2012

2012 BUSINESS MIX

27%
HIGH VELOCITY

44%

ENTERPRISE & INFRASTRUCTURE

29%

DIVERSIFIED MANUFACTURING

G OA L

50

%

DIVERSIFIED MANUFACTURING
Compound Annual Growth Rate 33%
$7.5B $6.0B $4.2B

Timothy L. Main
President and Chief Executive Officer

William D. Morean
Chairman

2010

2011

2012

11

