Dear Fellow Shareholders, In 2007, JetBlue's eighth year of operations, we faced significant challenges ­ from operational issues at JFK Airport to unprecedented high fuel prices. Yet, despite these challenges, we earned our first annual profit since 2004. We believe we are a much stronger, more competitive airline today than we were a year ago. We made significant operational improvements after the severe ice storm in New York last February, including strengthening our operations team and making important changes to the way we respond to weather and other operational irregularities. These changes quickly produced results, and by the second half of 2007, we improved our Department of Transportation rankings across all applicable operational metrics. We also became America's first and only airline to offer its own Customer Bill of Rights, with meaningful and specific compensation for customers inconvenienced by service disruptions within JetBlue's control. 2007 was a year of change for JetBlue, as David Neeleman stepped down as chief executive officer in May. David founded JetBlue in 1998 with the goal of bringing humanity back to air travel. His vision has helped transform the airline industry, and we thank him for his great achievements for the company. 2007 was also a momentum building year for JetBlue. Lufthansa Airlines, one of the most successful and well-respected airlines in the world, completed its $300 million investment in our company in January. This investment not only strengthens our financial position; we also believe it is an affirmation of our business model, and we are very much looking forward to continuing work with Lufthansa on commercial and other agreements. The JetBlue Experience The JetBlue brand is as strong as ever, and we continue to be recognized for our exceptional customer service. For the sixth year in a row, Condé Nast Traveler readers recognized JetBlue as the ``Best Domestic Airline'' in 2007. We also ranked highest among major carriers in Conde Nast Traveler's Business Travel awards during 2007. These awards, and many others, are a testament to our dedicated crewmembers, who continue to do a tremendous job delivering the JetBlue Experience to our customers. We also continue to find innovative ways to enhance our product. During 2007, we introduced complimentary inflight e-mail and instant messaging services on aircraft ``BetaBlue,'' a first among U.S. domestic airlines, which was made possible by our wholly owned subsidiary, LiveTV LLC. LiveTV has provided JetBlue with live television, satellite radio and other services since our first year of service. LiveTV provides similar services to seven airlines around the world and has become a leading provider of a wide array of inflight entertainment and connectivity products. Network Growth As part of our ongoing strategy of better matching capacity with demand, we slowed our growth during 2007 by deferring aircraft deliveries from manufacturers, selling three of our older Airbus A320 aircraft, and returning an aircraft prior to its scheduled lease termination date. We believe our more disciplined fleet growth allows us to better plan for our long-term growth, while maintaining the flexibility to increase capacity as economic conditions warrant. We were very pleased to take delivery of our 100th Airbus A320 in March 2007.

We launched service to five new destinations in 2007 including Chicago, San Francisco and Nantucket. We also entered into a marketing partnership with Cape Air making it possible for customers to book travel on a single itinerary between 21 JetBlue cities and four Cape and Island destinations in Massachusetts. Our primary network focus during 2007 was on ``connecting the dots'' and adding flights between our existing destinations, which we believe helps improve our asset utilization and produces a better return for JetBlue. During 2007, we also expanded our network out of Orlando ­ the home of JetBlue University, our crewmember training center ­ and in Boston. JetBlue now serves more destinations out of Boston than any other carrier. As a part of a comprehensive network review, we also made the decision to cease operations in Nashville and Columbus. These were very difficult decisions for us, primarily due to the impact they have on our crewmembers in these cities and our commitment to the communities we serve. We believe, however, that these decisions will ultimately lead to improved profitability, resulting in greater value for our shareholders and our crewmembers. The EMBRAER 190 aircraft, configured with 100 seats, allows us to develop thinner markets and also allows us to more effectively manage capacity during our seasonal trough periods by replacing Airbus A320s with the smaller EMBRAER 190s on certain flights. During 2007, our EMBRAER 190 reliability improved significantly. As a result of our improved EMBRAER 190 performance and its market potential, we exercised three EMBRAER 190 options for delivery in 2009. Together with our partners at The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, we continued to make progress on our Terminal 5 project at JFK Airport. We believe that this project, which includes 26 gates, new roadways, a parking structure, and a connector to the AirTrain, will significantly improve the experience for both our customers and our crewmembers. Innovative food, beverage and specialty retail partners will help to define a new ground experience, and we look forward to cutting the ribbon in September 2008. New York remains the most congested airspace in the country, but we are optimistic about the capacity enhancements that are scheduled to take place at JFK over the next several years. We continue to work with the FAA and The Port Authority on efforts to increase capacity, make better use of existing capacity, and expedite the use of new technologies to improve efficiency. We believe the JFK slot controls recently implemented by the FAA will help us reduce costs and improve our operational reliability. We have a unique position in New York as JFK's largest domestic carrier. During 2007, we found new ways to capture revenue without significant additional costs by announcing our partnership with Aer Lingus, which enables us to sell our flights directly on the Aer Lingus website. We will continue to explore opportunities to link our network with other airlines at JFK and other focus cities across our network. Revenue Optimization We continued to focus on making our product easy for our customers to purchase, and we recently created a Spanish translated version of our website. During 2007, approximately 75% of our total revenues were booked on our website www.jetblue.com, our lowest cost distribution channel. In 2007, we increased our change fees and implemented a $10 telephonic reservation fee with the goal of increasing additional ancillary revenue while directing more revenue through jetblue.com. In addition, we introduced the Cashless Cabin platform onboard our aircraft to help capture revenue opportunities at altitude. As a result of all these initiatives, our 2007 ancillary revenues increased significantly from 2006. We will continue our focus on ancillary revenues in 2008, but we are committed to ensuring a proper balance between additional fees and any impact on our award-winning service and brand. In 2007, we also continued to focus on building customer loyalty, and we now have over five million members of our TrueBlue loyalty program. We continue to work to diversify our product to attract higher yielding travelers through initiatives such as our recently announced Refundable Fares.

Cost Discipline and Productivity Despite record high fuel prices, JetBlue delivered solid cost performance and productivity improvements in 2007. We continue to believe that our ability to deliver exceptional service at low cost differentiates us from the rest of the industry. Fuel continues to be our single largest operating cost, but we continue to improve our fuel efficiency. With an average age of approximately three years, JetBlue operates one of the youngest, more fuel-efficient and environmentally-friendly fleets in the industry. We have also undertaken a variety of conservation techniques to help reduce aircraft fuel burn, including single-engine taxi and rapid deployment of ground power units at our airport gates. In addition, we continue to take a disciplined approach to fuel hedging. In 2007, we saved about $35 million in fuel costs due to our fuel hedging program. We have continued our efforts to increase productivity. Our crewmembers met the challenge of working smarter and we ended the year with 74 full-time equivalent employees, or FTEs, per aircraft, compared to 78 at the end of 2006. We expect to continue to invest in technology to improve productivity. We added new functionality on our website, and our customers can now change their travel plans online during certain irregular operations. During 2007, our crewmembers were once again recognized by Airbus as operating the most reliable Airbus A320 fleet in the world with the prestigious Airbus Award for Operational Excellence ­ quite an accomplishment considering that JetBlue is the largest Airbus A320 operator in the world. We made several positive changes to our compensation program during 2007 to support our goal of recruiting and retaining the best crewmembers in the industry. We changed our profit sharing program to guarantee eligible crewmembers a tax-deferred profit-sharing contribution of 5% of their eligible earnings, and we increased the amount of company match in our 401(k) plan from 3% to 5%. Our goal continues to be to recruit and retain the best people in the industry as our success, in great part, depends on crewmembers who enjoy working at JetBlue and who are true professionals in their areas of expertise. As we grow, we continue to be challenged by our ability to keep our company ``feeling small.'' Listening to our crewmembers and working together will help us continue to build a secure future. At JetBlue, we truly believe that our competitive advantage is our culture and we will continue to do everything we can to further improve our culture across the airline. A Look Ahead Thanks to the outstanding efforts of our dedicated crewmembers, we have built a great deal of positive momentum as we move forward in 2008. While we certainly will face many challenges in the coming year, we believe our disciplined growth strategy combined with our low cost culture and outstanding crewmembers position us well. 2008 will be an exciting year for JetBlue ­ including the opening of a new terminal and a new advertising campaign ­ but it will be very challenging as we face higher fuel prices, stiffer competition and a weakening economy. We believe the combination of our great product, exceptional crewmembers and our financial discipline is unmatched in the industry, and we are optimistic about the future. On behalf of our 12,000 dedicated crewmembers, we thank you for your continued support. Most Sincerely,

Dave Barger Chief Executive Officer

