Dear Fellow Shareholders, 2012 was one of the best years in our airline's 13-year history. We delivered strong financial results, including a 50% increase of net income to $128  million on record revenues of nearly $5 billion. We executed on our plans for sustainable, profitable growth as we opened five new cities and expanded into 19  new markets. We improved our return on invested capital, or ROIC, by approximately one percentage point while simultaneously growing our operations. We reported our fourth consecutive year of profitability and improved operating margin by 40 basis points to 7.5%. Even with Hurricane Sandy, which significantly impacted operations in our hometown of New York and reduced operating income by $30 million, we reported our highest diluted earnings per share since 2003 of $0.40. We generated a record $698 million in cash from operations while strengthening our balance sheet with a $285 million reduction in our overall debt balance. We repurchased approximately $23 million of common stock through our share buyback program, largely offsetting the number of shares issued during the year in connection with equity-based crewmember compensation. We ended the year with approximately $731 million in unrestricted cash and short term investments ­ or 15% of trailing twelve months revenue ­ while increasing our available lines of credit to $325 million. Our strong operating trends and improved credit metrics resulted in an improved ratings and outlook from Standard & Poor's and Fitch Ratings. Differentiated Product We continue to generate a price premium versus our competitors in many of our key markets; we attribute much of this success to our strong brand and the unique JetBlue Experience our Crewmembers deliver to our 29 million customers. We believe we offer customers the best main cabin experience in North America with a strong core product, including free inflight entertainment and the most legroom in coach of any U.S. airline (based on average fleet-wide seat pitch) and reasonably priced optional upgrades designed to enhance this core experience. As a testament to the exceptional customer service provided by our Crewmembers, we earned our eighth consecutive J.D. Power award for service excellence in 2012. We have continued to focus on ways to further differentiate the JetBlue Experience, including enhancements to our Even MoreTM offering. To that end, we reconfigured our EMBRAER 190 aircraft to include an additional eight Even MoreTM Space seats and began to offer Even More SpeedTM, our expedited security option, for sale on a standalone basis in most of our U.S. domestic locations. We also introduced a new tier within our TrueBlue frequent flyer program ­ called TrueBlue Mosaic ­ to better recognize and reward JetBlue's most loyal and highest-value customers. We believe our focus on providing customers with the best value for their investment reinforces our position as the carrier of choice for leisure and business customers who have been underserved by low cost airlines and traditional network airlines. Our strong brand helps drive word-of-mouth marketing, and we successfully use social media as a powerful way to gain positive exposure and connect with our customers. At year end, we had over two millions followers on Twitter, maintaining our social media leadership as the most-followed airline on Twitter. High-Value Geography 2013 marks only the 14th year since our first flight; and we believe significant, profitable, growth opportunities abound. While our total network currently represents only approximately five percent of the U.S. domestic market, we continue to grow profitably in very lucrative markets. The cities we serve include some of the largest high-value travel markets and most densely populated areas in the country, including New York, Boston and Florida. In Boston, we have continued to create and capitalize on opportunities in the changing competitive landscape by adding routes and frequencies and increasing our relevance to business travelers. At year end, our domestic operations accounted for more than 20% of all domestic flights at Boston's Logan Airport. We also continue to see significant potential for profitable growth in the Caribbean and Latin America. We now have approximately 30% of our capacity in this important region. Our significant presence and continued investment in this region continues to benefit the customer experience. In San Juan, Puerto Rico, for example, we moved into new facilities in 2012 to support future growth. While our network growth over the past several years has primarily been focused in Boston, the Caribbean and Latin America, the pace of growth in the rest of our network has slowed, resulting in improved returns. At year end, approximately five percent of our capacity was in markets less than one year old compared to 17% in new markets at the end of 2007. We also continued to expand the scope of our network through airline partnerships with eight new airline partners in 2012. Hawaiian Airlines became the first of our airline partners to arrive and depart from our home at JFK International Airport's Terminal 5, and Aer Lingus plans to move their operations to our terminal in 2013. With 23 partners as of March 2013, we now offer our customers the opportunity to book travel to hundreds of destinations in six continents. Given our valuable slot portfolio and state-of-the art terminal at JFK, we believe we are well positioned to serve global carriers and flow incremental passengers and revenue through our network.

Competitive Costs Successful execution of our network strategy demands lower costs relative to our legacy peers. Our success, unlike low-cost airlines, does not require the lowest costs in the industry. Rather, we strive to maintain a relative cost advantage to support profitable growth with our differentiated product at competitive fares. We make investments designed to deliver future benefits, preserve our relative cost advantage and drive efficiency. For example, we recently became the first carrier in North America to fly commercial service with sharklet wing tip devices that improve the aerodynamic performance of our Airbus A320 aircraft. We believe the improvement in fuel efficiency will provide significant savings against our largest and most unpredictable cost. Our Values JetBlue's success depends on our 15,000 Crewmembers, delivering the best customer service experience while staying true to our five key values: safety, caring, integrity, passion and fun. We created over 200 new jobs this past year and benefit from a highly engaged workforce. We believe maintaining a direct relationship with our Crewmembers is an important driver of our culture, brand and ultimately our ability to improve shareholder returns. Our support of causes that are important to our communities has helped create a loyal customer base. After Hurricane Sandy, for example, we quickly launched jetbluegives.org to engage customers and TrueBlue members in fund raising efforts for the American Red Cross. We are very proud our customers donated $720,000 through this program to support the relief and recovery efforts of impacted communities. A Look Ahead When we first took to the skies in February 2000, we did not anticipate becoming the sixth largest U.S. airline serving 75 cities. Nor did we envision we would become the only major U.S. airline to begin operations after deregulation in 1978 to survive into a second decade of operation on a stand-alone basis without having gone through bankruptcy or a change in control. Our plans to continue to grow organically are dependent upon our ability to adapt to an ever-changing environment and enhance shareholder value. We believe we are well-positioned to do so. Our 2013 outlook calls for a significant increase in margin growth based on our ability to continue to successfully execute our network strategy and contain costs. We plan to continue to pursue targeted, profitable growth opportunities in Boston, the Caribbean and Latin America while maintaining a cost advantage versus our competitors. We will also take delivery of our first four Airbus A321 aircraft in the latter part of 2013. We believe the Airbus A321 will allow us to operate our valuable slot portfolio in New York more efficiently, reduce unit costs and enhance the customer experience. We are committed to growing profitably at a sustainable rate. We believe our differentiated product and service offering combined with our competitive costs enables us to fiercely compete in high-value geography and continue to win over customers underserved by our competitors. We are more optimistic than ever about our future. On behalf of our 15,000 dedicated Crewmembers, we thank you for your continued support. Most Sincerely,

Dave Barger President & Chief Executive Officer

