Dear Fellow Shareholders, We faced great challenges in 2006, but consistent with the JetBlue spirit, we quickly identified and implemented solutions while staying true to our core values and original mission of bringing humanity back to air travel. Against the backdrop of a difficult industry environment, we began 2006 by reporting our second consecutive quarterly loss in the first quarter. With record high fuel prices no longer an anomaly and a competitive landscape that continued to be occupied by competitors able to reduce costs under bankruptcy protection, we realized that we needed to make permanent adjustments to our business plan. We developed a comprehensive plan we called ``Return to Profitability'' that included improved capacity management, revenue optimization, cost reductions and our continued focus on delivering The JetBlue Experience on every flight. Due to the hard work and dedication of our 11,000 crewmembers, this plan produced immediate and, we believe, sustainable results, positioning JetBlue to essentially break even for the year ­ a positive swing in our pre-tax income of more than $55 million in the final nine months of the year. Our Return to Profitability plan renewed our long-term focus on low cost carrier spending habits while right-sizing a sustainable growth rate. The JetBlue Experience It is the dedication and spirit of our crewmembers, living our core values of Safety, Caring, Integrity, Fun and Passion, that distinguishes us and strengthens our brand. Our crewmembers are the reason that Condé Nast, for the fifth year in a row, named JetBlue best domestic airline in 2006. We also continue to find innovative ways to enhance our product. For example, we modified our Airbus A320 interiors by removing one row of seats and increasing the legroom onboard to at least 36 inches in rows 1-11 and at least 34 inches in rows 12-25. JetBlue now has the most coach legroom, based on average fleet-wide seat pitch for U.S. airlines. We believe our cabin experience, which includes satellite television and radio installed by our LiveTV subsidiary, to be ``best in coach class'' across the industry. We deliver what we believe is superior customer service, resulting in high customer loyalty. When we fail to meet our customers' expectations, especially through potentially avoidable service lapses, a meaningful response to our customers becomes critical. On February 14, 2007, an ice storm settled over New York. Our intention was to fly our customers to their Presidents' Day Weekend destinations, and we relied on weather forecasts that predicted the poor weather conditions would improve throughout the day. Unfortunately, that did not occur and, as a result, many customers and crewmembers were negatively impacted. In response to these service disruptions, we implemented several improvements to our operational approach and introduced the JetBlue Customer Bill of Rights. We believe our Customer Bill of Rights provides meaningful and relevant compensation for customers who experience avoidable inconveniences. As important, this Bill of Rights publicly commits us to perform to high service standards and holds us accountable. As we grow, we continue to be challenged by our ability to keep our company ``feeling small'' and ``scaling our culture.'' Our goal is to recruit and retain the best people in the industry as our success, in great part, depends on crewmembers who enjoy working at JetBlue and who are proud of the job they do. Listening to our crewmembers and working together will help us build and maintain a secure future. At JetBlue, we truly believe that our competitive advantage is our culture and we will continue to do all that is possible to protect, preserve and further improve our culture across our airline.

Capacity Management As part of a strategy of better matching capacity with demand, we have slowed our growth by deferring aircraft deliveries from manufacturers and selling aircraft, including five of our older Airbus A320 aircraft. We believe this revised fleet approach allows us to better plan for our long-term growth, while maintaining the flexibility to increase capacity as economic conditions warrant. Even with these sales and delivery adjustments, we increased capacity nearly 21% in 2006 and launched new service to 16 destinations including Cancun, Mexico, Austin, TX, Raleigh-Durham, NC, and Hamilton, Bermuda. New service to Jacksonville, FL and Sarasota Bradenton, FL solidified our leadership position in the United States' most traveled corridor between New York and Florida. In addition, we continued to ``connect the dots'' with new service between existing city pairs. We also reduced long-haul flying in the non-peak season and shifted more of our overall flying to medium and short-haul markets. The EMBRAER 190 aircraft, configured with 100 seats, allowed us to penetrate the short- and medium-haul business markets close to our home base of operations in New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport. Our network expansion ­ despite a difficult industry environment ­ was possible because we have the right people and a high-quality product. With regard to our home at JFK Airport in New York, our new Terminal 5 project continues to track very well. This project, which includes 26 gates, new roadways, a parking structure, and a connector to the AirTrain, will allow us to continue to increase our presence at JFK, the largest airport serving New York. The terminal, made possible by our business partners at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is anticipated to open in late 2008. As JFK's largest carrier, we eagerly await the opening of our new terminal to facilitate additional growth. Revenue Optimization Our customers love to fly JetBlue and historically we have had industry-leading load factors. In 2005, our load factor was 85.2% and our yield per passenger mile was 8.02 cents. During 2006, we made several positive changes to our revenue management processes as well as a strategic decision to price our product to achieve a higher yield, at the expense of load factor. By year end, our load factor was 81.6% and our yield per passenger mile climbed to 9.53 cents ­ nearly a 19% increase year-over-year. We are very pleased that our revenue management strategies resulted in higher passenger yields despite additional capacity in many of our markets. We have continued to focus on making our product easy for our customers to purchase, while minimizing distribution costs. In 2006, we had industry-leading online distribution with nearly 80% of our total ticket sales booked on our website www.jetblue.com. In addition, we re-entered the global distribution systems, which is important as we broaden our network to more business markets. We also continued to enhance our CompanyBlue product for business travel and our Getaways travel package business. We now have 4.7 million members of our TrueBlue loyalty program. Cost Reductions Our Return to Profitability plan helped us refocus on low-cost carrier spending habits. For example, we implemented several initiatives to conserve fuel and improve fuel efficiency, including increased use of single-engine taxi and ground power. We also made a concerted effort to increase productivity. Our crewmembers met the challenge of working smarter and we ended the year with 78 full-time equivalent employees, or FTEs, per aircraft. This significantly exceeded our initial year-end 2007 target of 80 FTEs per aircraft. Additionally, through the hard work of our crewmembers, we reduced our stage length adjusted operating cost per available seat mile (excluding fuel) 1.4 percent year-over-year as we continued to drive efficiency across our airline. A Look Ahead In 2007, we institutionalized the spirit of our Return to Profitability plan into our annual operating plan. In doing so, we implemented an ongoing commitment to low-cost carrier spending habits, a moderated growth plan, and revenue optimization, all while maintaining our strong and vibrant service-oriented culture and delivering The JetBlue Experience to 23 million customers this year.

We have more work to do, but we are pleased with the direction in which we are headed. Going forward, we commit to you that JetBlue will continue its focus on financial discipline, operational reliability and customer and crewmember satisfaction. The actions we take today determine our future. The hard work and dedication of our crewmembers will keep JetBlue a different kind of airline. We believe we have the best crewmembers, service and product in the skies and we are excited about the future. We also believe we have the right plan in place to continue to grow profitably, improve our operational and financial health and further strengthen our competitive position. On behalf of our 11,000 dedicated crewmembers, we thank you for your continued support. Most Sincerely,

David Neeleman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Dave Barger President

