Dear Fellow Shareholders: 2013 was a record-breaking year for JetBlue as we delivered strong financial results. Specifically, we: Carried over 30 million customers and generated record revenues of over $5 billion Grew net income by 31% year over year to an annual record of $168 million, our fifth consecutive year of profitability Generated over $120 million of positive free cash flow These strong results were reflected in our stock price, which increased nearly 50% during 2013, outpacing the S&P 500. Our Mission and Strategy JetBlue began serving customers over 14 years ago with a mission of "bringing humanity back to air travel." We remain committed to this mission, which has evolved to "inspire humanity." We seek to be innovative and nimble, adapting our products and services to meet our customers' ever changing needs ­ which we believe we can serve better than our competitors. There are two well-established business models in the airline industry: low cost carriers who target pricesensitive travelers and network carriers with global networks. JetBlue's core customer base is comprised of leisure and business customers who have been underserved by these airlines. Underserved customers include those travelers who are no longer willing to be `nickel and dimed' by the ultra-low cost carriers and business travelers making several trips a year who aren't rewarded for their loyalty on network carriers. By maintaining an unwavering focus on underserved customers ­ an expanding demographic by virtue of industry consolidation ­ we believe we've extended our position as the carrier of choice for these targeted customers in the markets we serve. We believe this approach drives customer loyalty and ultimately shareholder returns. Our Values and Culture Our ability to succeed is based on the commitment of our 15,000 Crewmembers to deliver outstanding customer service while staying true to our key values: safety, caring, integrity, passion and fun. Our Crewmembers are highly engaged. In 2013, we were recognized for service excellence by J.D. Power for the ninth year in a row. To be one of only a few companies (and the only airline) recognized for nine consecutive years validates our Crewmembers' commitment to customer service and reflects the strength of our unique culture. JetBlue Crewmembers are making a difference in our communities as well. To that end, JetBlue Crewmembers contributed nearly 70,000 volunteer hours in 2013 for local charities in the communities we serve. Our support of causes that are important to our communities has helped create a loyal customer base aligned with our values. Differentiated Product We attract customers and drive loyalty with a superior, differentiated product and service ­ the "JetBlue Experience." We believe we offer customers the best main cabin experience in the markets we serve, including free inflight entertainment, the most legroom in coach of any U.S. airline (based on average fleet-wide seat pitch), unlimited free snacks and great customer service. In addition, we offer reasonably priced product upgrades, such as expedited security, which enhance this core experience, while generating high-margin ancillary revenue. Excellent customer service is what our customers want and expect from us. Over the past year, we've invested in what matters to our customers as we further differentiate our product in ways that resonate with our core customer.

An example is our Mint product offering which we previewed in 2013. Aircraft equipped with Mint will offer 16 seats with a fully lie-flat bed, an upgraded live television system with 100 channels of DirecTV, complimentary food and beverage service and amenity kits. We believe Mint will offer the best transcontinental premium product in the two most lucrative markets in the United States: New York (JFK) to Los Angeles and New York (JFK) to San Francisco. We plan to begin Mint service in June 2014. Fly-FiTM ­ JetBlue's Ka-band satellite connectivity solution ­ is another example of how we have evolved the JetBlue Experience to meet ever-changing customer demands. Fly-FiTM for the first time brings travelers real broadband internet in the sky and the same at-home internet speeds to which they are accustomed, a significant leap ahead of connectivity offerings available on other U.S. airlines today. We expect installations to be complete on our Airbus fleet in 2014 and we plan to begin installations on our EMBRAER 190 aircraft thereafter. In 2013, we also continued to enhance TrueBlue, our customer loyalty program. Now, TrueBlue points never expire, and through Family Pooling, families and small groups can now earn and share TrueBlue points free of charge. High-Value Geography While JetBlue's network represents just five percent of the U.S. domestic market, "we fly where the people are." We compete in highly populated areas in some of the most lucrative travel markets in the country, including New York, Boston and Florida. We continue to perform very well in our New York hometown. We recently celebrated the fifth anniversary of our award-winning Terminal 5 at JFK Airport. Construction of T5i, our international expansion at JFK Airport, is on track and scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of this year. In Boston, we continue to successfully execute our strategy to attract both business and leisure customers by adding routes and frequencies and improving our product offering. At year end, our domestic operations accounted for more than 25% of all domestic flights in Boston's Logan Airport. Looking ahead, we see tremendous opportunity for profitable growth at Fort Lauderdale ­ Hollywood International Airport. We believe the demographics of South Florida together with relatively low airport costs give Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood attractive growth potential, particularly to points south throughout the Caribbean and Latin America. The significant capital investments being made by the Broward County Aviation Department to modernize and expand the airport's capacity will facilitate our growth plans. We are also very excited about our acquisition of 12 slot pairs to expand service at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA) ­ an airport we have worked tirelessly to gain access to for more than a decade. Reagan National is a high-fare market with a demographic very well suited to our business model. We plan to operate up to 30 roundtrips per day at Reagan National by year end. Our airline partnerships continued to generate high-margin passenger revenue and expand the scope of our network through which we now offer customers access to 900 destinations worldwide. In 2013, our airline partnership portfolio expanded by 9 to a total of 31 partners. As the largest domestic carrier in Boston and at New York's JFK Airport (the largest U.S. international gateway), we believe we are well-positioned to offer significant value to our current and potential airline partners. Competitive Costs Maintaining a relative cost advantage to our network carrier competitors is critical to our ability to offer an industry-leading product and a reasonable fare. Fuel, of course, remains our largest cost, comprising 38% of total operating expenses in 2013. Today, we have one of the youngest, most fuel-efficient fleets among U.S. airlines. Focus on efficient operating procedures, such as single-engine taxi, along with investments in our fleet and infrastructure will enable us to continue improving fuel efficiency and to keep costs low. In 2013, we announced significant changes to our fleet plan which we believe will significantly change our cost dynamic over the long run. As part of this effort, we deferred 24 EMBRAER 190 aircraft, converted 18 A320 delivery positions to A321s and ordered 15 additional A321ceo aircraft and 20 additional A321neo aircraft. In addition to significant fuel savings, we believe these actions will enable JetBlue to better match capacity with demand throughout our network.

Investing in our Future We remain committed to prudent capital deployment and continued to strengthen our balance sheet in 2013. Total debt declined even as we grew our fleet and network. We also increased our total available lines of credit to $550 million. We believe deploying available cash to pay down debt and purchase aircraft enhances the balance sheet and improves returns for our shareholders. Maintaining a strong balance sheet also gives us the flexibility to invest in the business. We plan to continue to focus our investments on those areas of the business which align closely with our customer needs and with the greatest opportunities to drive profitable growth. A Look Ahead The airline industry is more competitive than ever. The global marketplace is in a state of constant change and the needs of our customers continue to evolve. We believe our strong brand and differentiated product will help us continue to successfully compete in this dynamic environment. Our long-term financial goals are to improve our return on invested capital (ROIC) by one percentage point per year on average by expanding margins and further strengthening the balance sheet. We believe these goals are attainable. The key drivers of 2014 margin and ROIC expansion will be: ··Cost Control: Our strong culture, point to point network and highly-engaged workforce allow us to achieve industry-leading productivity metrics, an important driver of maintaining competitive costs. Over the long term, we expect significant operating and cost efficiencies from our new A321 aircraft and the sharklet retrofit of our A320 fleet beginning in 2015 will help us significantly reshape our cost dynamic and improve margin performance. ··Revenue: We believe a maturing network, new product offerings such as Mint and Fly-Fi, along with ancillary revenue initiatives will further improve our revenue performance. ··Balance sheet: Since 2008, we have reduced total debt by approximately $600 million, resulting in lower interest expense and decreasing financial risk within our business. In furtherance of these goals, our former Chief Commercial Officer, Robin Hayes, was promoted to President effective January 1, 2014. We believe better alignment between our commercial and operational teams will improve results. I am often asked what JetBlue might look like years from today. JetBlue is a company that was built on innovation. It defines and differentiates us. We believe our mission to "inspire humanity" will continue to help shape our strategies and serve our stakeholders well. We will continue to invest in innovation and work with our customers to understand their changing needs. Evolving as our customers evolve is vital to our long-term success. On behalf of our 15,000 dedicated Crewmembers, thank you for your continued support.

Most Sincerely,

Dave Barger Chief Executive Officer

