 To Our Shareholders, Customers, & Employees:
FISCAL YEAR 2008 MARKED another excellent year for the company. Our financial performance and other metrics exceeded our expectations. Our earnings grew dramatically and we finished our year with the highest year-end backlog in our history. Our cash position is equally strong—we had $547.8 million in net cash as of September 30—supplemented by available lines-of-credit at very attractive rates.
As our earnings grew, our employee base grew
too. Through a combination of acquisitions and active recruitment, we added 7,900 employees during the year. Recruiting people in 2008 wasn’t easy; there was fierce competition for good talent. We are pleased that so many people chose Jacobs.
The year was also a good one from an acquisitions perspective. We added Carter & Burgess in the U.S. and L.E.S. in the U.K. as well as a controlling interest in Zamel & Turbag Engineers in Saudi Arabia, and a minority interest in CES Ltd. in India. We are very excited about the contributions these firms will make to Jacobs’ continuing growth.
We were also very pleased with our performance in this first year of implementation of our BeyondZeroSM program. While BeyondZeroSM is broader than safety, we are already seeing significant results in our safety metrics. To our delight, we saw double digit improvements in our
safety performance in almost every aspect we measure. The question: “How do we go beyond zero incidents and injuries?” has inspired our organization to a deeper, richer, emotional commitment to the safety of our employees, their families, their friends, even strangers. While we have a lot left to do, we are highly optimistic about the results.
A very important measurement of how our client relationships are doing is reflected in their feedback. This year, we reached a milestone with our average quality survey score rising to 90.5 percent, up from last year’s 89.9 percent. This milestone is significant as our data suggests a substantial amount of client loyalty begins to accrue to the company when our performance is above the 90 percent level. We continue to build on the culture of continuous improvement that our quality system provides, giving us a meaningful competitive advantage.
Unique to Jacobs’ culture is our constant drive to provide our clients with real, meaningful, and differentiated value. Our Jacobs Value Plus program identifies cost savings, cost avoidances, and performance improvements that we make on our projects. This year, our team delivered almost $2.6 billion in client-validated savings. Our clients’ recognition of these savings helps reinforce that they continue to make the right choice with Jacobs year after year. Fast forward to today. The tail wind that helped
drive our performance over the last three years is gone.
 SHAREHOLDERS MESSAGE
2008 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
FY08 highlights:
• Record revenues of $11.3 billion.
• Record net earnings of $420.7 million.
• Backlog of $16.7 billion, an increase of $3.1 billion from September 30, 2007. • Net cash of over $500 million.
• Fiscal 2008 diluted EPS increased 43.8% to $3.38 per share.
• Our highest quality scores.
• Almost $2.6 billion in savings to our clients through our Value Plus program.
page 2 | 2008 Summary Annual Report - Shareholders Message
  
Commodity prices have dropped dramatically, the housing market remains stalled, the financial markets are in a crisis, and much of the world is in recession. Several words describe the conditions in our marketplace—challenging is one, turbulent is another. Another word also describes it: opportune.
Why are these times opportune? Our company’s core values and business approach are ideal for addressing the conditions we face. Our deep, lasting relationships with our customers, our commitment to having the very best talent, and our commitment to long-term growth put us in an excellent position to address today’s markets. We have seen these market conditions before, in different forms, and structured our business to address them. There are several things we do well that are critical to our success:
• Maintaining deep, lasting relationships with our core clients.
• Focusing on the base-load business that drives our company.
• Maintaining a flexible, very low-cost operating model.
• Transferring work to where it can be performed most economically. • Performing our projects and providing our services flawlessly.
These capabilities, driven by our core values, enable us to capture market share and to do so profitably. Coupling them with our diversity of markets, services, and geographies puts us in an excellent position to continue to grow in challenging times. It is an opportune time for us.
We had a change in the Board of Directors this year with the retirement of Dr. Dale R. Laurance, a 14-year veteran. Dale was a major contributor and brought significant insight to us over the years. He will be missed. We are fortunate to add another strong director in John F. Coyne. John serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Western Digital Corporation. John is already proving to be a great contributor to the leadership and support our Board provides.
FY2008 was an outstanding year for the company. While FY2009 looks to be more testing, we are confident we can continue to grow in the years to come. Whether you are a shareholder, employee, or customer, we thank you for your commitment to our company and look forward to a bright future together.
Keep yourselves and your loved ones safe,
Craig L. Martin
President & Chief Executive Officer
(below right)
Noel G. Watson
Chairman of the Board
(seated below left)
    SHAREHOLDERS MESSAGE
 www.jacobs.com | page 3
 