Shareholder Message
FY 13 HIGHLIGHTS
Revenues of $11.8 billion
Net earnings of $423.1 million Backlog of $17.2 billion
Cash of more than $1.2 billion 2013 diluted EPS of $3.23
$6 billion in savings to our clients through our JacobsValue+SM program
To Our Shareholders, Clients & Employees:
Every day, we set out to do things that matter. And what matters to us is providing value to you — our shareholders, our customers, our people, and consequently, all the individuals and communities that you care about. Making it matter is how we approach our safety culture, our relationships with clients, our high level of quality, our focus on ethics and integrity, and our company’s growth. These things are important to all of us; over the past year we continued to strive for excellence in each of these areas, and our business performed well.
We are more committed than ever to making a positive difference in our industry through our BeyondZero® safety program. The passion we have for safety — and our culture of caring — extends beyond Jacobs to reach all with whom we come in contact. Many of our clients report that recordable injuries and lost-time accidents have decreased significantly since they’ve adopted BeyondZero training and behaviors at their sites. Our safety culture permeates every aspect of our business, and our leaders focus on it as a top priority, understanding that in addition to creating happier and healthier employees, safe workplaces are integrally linked to sound business performance and efficiency in project execution.
Though many of the markets in which we operate were strong throughout FY 13, the overall world economy was sluggish. But we successfully met the challenges, grew in most of our markets, produced record results in sales, and had the highest net earnings in our company’s history, growing 11 percent over FY 12. Our EPS improved to $3.23. Our backlog grew to $17.2 billion with technical professional services at $11.1 billion. Our year-end balance sheet reflects strong working capital at $2.2 billion and more than $1.2 billion in cash.
We also doubled the amount of savings we were able to offer our clients in terms of cost reduction,costavoidance,andperformanceimprovements.OurJacobsValue+SM System generated more than 4,000 ideas that yielded in excess of $6 billion in savings. Our new JacobsSustainability+SM Systemprovedvaluabletoclientsaswell;wetrackedanincreasing number of solutions to progressively and cost effectively reduce the resource intensity of projects around the world. Our 2013 Sustainability Report shows many of these sustainable practices and contributions that serve the interests of our clients and help them reach their sustainability goals. Our average client survey score for the year remains higher than 91 percent, and our repeat business grew to 94 percent, up from 92 percent last year.
Our ability to consistently manage costs, achieve such high levels of customer satisfaction, and reach our goal of 15 percent average annual earnings growth validates the strength of our relationship-based business model, in which we focus on understanding our customers’ businesses on a deep level and making their interests our own. Doing this enables us to provide innovative solutions and tangible, value-based results that benefit us all.
While organic growth is our primary focus, over the long term we generally expect about a third of our growth to come from acquisitions. In 2013 we announced what has the potential to be one of the company’s largest acquisitions to date: SKM, a 7,000-person professional services firm headquartered in Australia. SKM brings a broad range of capabilities and geographies that enable us to further expand client relationships and provide additional opportunities for
      2 2013 Summary Annual Report

employees. We are very enthusiastic about what we can achieve now that we are combining our businesses. We expect the deal to close during the first quarter of FY 14. Other notable acquisitions over the past year include a group of technical services companies in the automated manufacturing sector, a telecommunications business, and a South African project management firm — all of which strengthen our service offerings and geographic reach.
Our Board of Directors is composed of industry-recognized leaders who provide valuable strategic oversight to our organization. We were very fortunate to have the expertise and contributions of Rear Admiral Benjamin F. Montoya, CEC, USN, on our Board for more than a decade; he retired in January 2013. The addition of Juan José Suárez Coppel to our Board in March brought us the benefit of his sound experience in the global oil and gas market. An acclaimed Mexican economist and former General Director of Petróleos Mexicanos, Mr. Suárez’s insights into both the public and private sectors are valued by our Board. We are delighted to have him with us.
Looking ahead to 2014, we expect to continue gaining market share with our diversified strategy, winning work in markets that are healthy and providing continuous presence and ongoing support for our clients in markets that are not as robust. We see tremendous opportunities
across all our sectors, and intend to spread further into geographies such as South America, Australia, and South East Asia. We are encouraged by our performance in the past year and
remain committed to delivering the superior value that
our clients expect from us.
Thank you for your ongoing support and engagement. Together, our collective ambition to do what matters — plus the talent and dedication of a great many people — enables us to continue thriving in an extremely competitive marketplace, and gives us
the chance to make a profound and enduring contribution to our world. We look forward to another year of making it matter.
Craig L. Martin
President & Chief Executive Officer
Noel G. Watson
Chairman of the Board
   