                                                       page 2
page 3
SHAREHOLDERS MESSAGE
To Our Shareholders, Customers, and Employees
2006 was a good year. We achieved a number of significant results during the year including:
90 percent in terms of customer retention, repeat purchase loyalty, and referrals. We got very close this year, within a few tenths of a percent, but we didn’t quite get there. Part of making sure our clients have the experience they want has to do with the variability of outcomes in our industry. Our industry isn’t very good at delivering its work as scheduled, as budgeted, with the requisite quality, and safely. We are working hard to be the exception. Over the past couple of years, we put in place a program called Flawless Execution. We are making sure that we have the right people, with the right training, the right tools, the right procedures and processes, and the discipline to use them to assure our customers of highly predictable outcomes. Flawless Execution is a key element in our constant drive to improve our performance and to make the relationship-based business model the model of choice for our customers.
On the first point, meaningful and interesting work, we have that—and lots of it. A glance through the market pages in this report gives a perspective on the significance of our work. We provide projects and programs that allow our employees to make a real difference in our world. We have work in space exploration, high-energy physics, human health, the environment, education, energy—the list goes on and on. One of the benefits of our market diversity is that our people are not limited to just a few types of projects and programs. From the sea floor to beyond the moon—there is meaningful and interesting work here.
What does all this mean to our owners? Over the past 10 years, our compound annual return to shareholders has been 20.85 percent. Many of our institutional shareholders have held our stock for more than a decade. We remain committed to growing the business an average of 15 percent per year, making us an attractive company for the long-term investor.
• Record revenues of $7.42 billion
• Record earnings per share of $3.27
• Record backlog of $9.8 billion
• Record net cash of $342 million
• Over a billion dollars in documented savings for our customers
Thank you all—shareholders, customers, and employees—for your investment in our company. We look forward to a successful 2007.
• A record number of new people—over 4,500.
When you add it all up, our company performed well in 2006. We are operating in the strongest market in years and our prospects for 2007 are robust. Still, a lot of what we did this year needs reinforcement to continue driving the company to be the best choice for all our stakeholders.
What about opportunities to learn and grow? Our commitment to growth creates enormous opportunities for our people. Over the past ten years, we added over 22,000 people to our home office staff and increased our field complement by 6,000. Think about the opportunity that creates in a people-driven organization. Last year we spent over 510,000 hours on training. At Jacobs College alone, over a thousand people participated
in high-level leadership training. Growing and learning are part of our culture.
Some things didn’t go as well as we would like. Top of our list has to be safety. We won’t be happy with our safety performance until we are incident and injury free. Many of our customers have an injury-free vision for safety. Others have not embraced safety to the same degree. Regardless, we must take a leadership role in driving safety. We are continuing to reinforce a passion for safety in our team. About passion—there is a difference between understanding the importance of safety from an intellectual perspective and being passionate about it. We want people to take safety personally, emotionally, caringly. That’s what it takes
to be injury and incident free.
President and CEO
Another area that didn’t go as well as we would have liked is our quality performance. You may recall reading here about the importance of achieving quality scores over
• Meaningful and interesting work • Opportunities to learn and grow • A good boss.
The final element is good leadership. There is an adage that says, “People don’t quit companies, they quit bosses.” We think there is a lot of opportunity to become better leaders and managers. We are making progress. When we survey our employees, our scores on the quality of our supervision significantly exceed national norms, and they continue to improve. Our talent is a key contributor to what differentiates Jacobs from its competition, so we are working very hard at being better leaders.
As we look at 2007 and beyond, another area that gets a lot of attention is our people. Getting and keeping the right people are critical to successful outcomes for our clients and to the experience that our customers have in doing business with us. Some relatively simple measures tell us we are doing a pretty good job. Last year, tens of thousands of people chose to stay with Jacobs in the face of a strong market. On top of that, some 4,500 people chose us over competing offers. But this is another area where we think there are opportunities to do even better. There are three things that make us an attractive place to work and an attractive company to join:
Noel G. Watson
Craig L. Martin
Chairman
