                                         LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
To Our Shareholders
Fiscal year 2004 was challenging, with essentially flat profits on a year-over-year basis. We earned $129 million ($2.25 per diluted share) on revenues of $4.594 billion in 2004 versus $128 million ($2.27 per diluted share) on revenues of $4.616 billion in 2003. Total backlog increased to $7.5 billion from $7.0 billion a year earlier. Operating cash flow remained strong at $88 million. Even though we made two acquisitions during the course of the year, our net cash balance (cash less bank debt) at year-end was $20 million.
Dr. Joseph J. Jacobs
Dr. Jacobs, our founder and chairman, died in October of 2004 at the age of 88. Dr. Jacobs founded our company in 1947, operating as both a chemical engineering consultant and
a manufacturer’s representative for process equipment. With his leadership and vision, our company grew to its current size of over 35,000 people providing technical, professional, and construction services around the globe.
Dr. Jacobs received many notable awards during the course of his lifetime, but none more prestigious than the Hoover Medal, which recognizes the civic and humanitarian achievements of professional engineers. President Ronald Reagan presented the Hoover Medal to Dr. Jacobs in 1983.
All of us who knew him sorely miss Dr. Jacobs. We commit to carry forward the spirit and values upon which he founded this company.
Strategic Growth
Fiscal Year 2004 continued our geographic and market diversification. We established or acquired operations in several new countries, which positions us for continued growth.
Most significantly, we expanded our presence in the Infrastructure market, which is the world’s largest services business, with two acquisitions. First, we purchased Leigh-
Fisher, a leading international airport consulting firm. We followed that by acquiring Babtie Group, a leading technical and management consultancy headquartered in the U.K. Adding Babtie to our existing U.K. operations makes us one of the largest providers of Infrastructure services in the U.K. and Western Europe, and expands our operations to Hong Kong and the Czech Republic. These acquisitions bring us to approximately 5,500 people in the Infrastructure business worldwide, forming a launching pad to grow significantly in this market over the next few years.
Our Oil and Gas business, which remains a very strong market globally, grew considerably during the course of the year. We purchased a 34 percent ownership in Fortum’s Neste engineering operations, which substantially increases our refining and chemical skill base in Western Europe. It also gives us geographic expansion into Finland and other parts of Scandinavia. Significant activity in the refining business is also driving Oil and Gas as our customers look to modify their facilities for different types of crude while simultaneously expanding capacity.
Our National Government business was another area of strong growth. We continue to provide a wide range of services including weapons acquisition support; environmental restoration; design, operations, and maintenance of test facilities; engineering and scientific support for space operations; and IT outsourcing services. This business should continue to grow at double-digit rates for the near future.
The Pharmabio business was slower than we expected due to significant project delays. However, as we look forward, our prospects for growth are solid. Our Buildings business, while somewhat flat in 2004, should resume a strong growth trend in 2005.
While our Chemicals business was slow, our chemical clients have experienced a major improvement in their profitability throughout 2004 and are now discussing major capital
   PAGE 2
  
                                        programs with us. We believe that 2005 and 2006 should see considerable new chemical investment. Our High Technology and Pulp & Paper businesses remained weak.
Overall, we expect most of the markets we serve to improve in 2005, which should fuel renewed growth for next year and beyond.
Safety
We continued our intense focus on safety and the results were gratifying, with significant improvement in our statistics for the second year in a row. After improving our OSHA incident rate by a little more than 15 percent in 2003, in 2004 we stepped that up to a 25 percent improvement and lowered our total incident rate for all employees to 0.61. As good as this number appears to be, it is not good enough. We expect to drive our OSHA incident rate below 0.5 as we continue our journey to completely eliminating accidents from the workplace.
survey results by a full two percentage points to 87 percent. Client delight is a long journey; we continue our drive to raise our average survey scores well above 90 percent, with zero dissatisfied clients.
As in past years, 80 percent of our business comes from long- term client relationships. These long-term clients trust us with ever-larger shares of their business and more complex projects as we continue to prove we can deliver superior value.
Board Events
In 2004, the Honorable Peter Dailey retired from our Board of Directors. In addition to a long business career, Peter represented the U.S. government as both Ambassador to Ireland and a special envoy to NATO. He served on our Board for 13 years and contributed much to our international growth.
We are very pleased to welcome Ed Fritzky, who joined our Board in 2004. Ed’s long career in the pharmaceutical business includes service as chief executive officer, president, and chairman of the board of Immunex Corporation, a major biotechnology company. Ed brings a wealth of knowledge to help guide our Pharmabio business, one of our major markets.
We have always been very pleased with our Board of Directors and with the breadth and depth of their contributions to our success. With ten independent directors and only two insiders, this truly outstanding board provides the type of oversight our shareholders deserve.
We thank all of you—our clients, our shareholders, and our employees—for your enthusiastic and loyal support over the year. With your support, there is no limit to what we will accomplish.
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5
0.0
Jacobs Incident Rates by Year
                     1995
 1996
 1997
 1998
 1999
 2000
 2001
 2002
 2003
 2004
       Client Satisfaction
The cornerstone of our relationship-based business model is delighting our clients. To track our progress in achieving this fundamental goal, we have conducted client surveys for more than a decade. Last year we improved our average client
       CRAIG L. MARTIN President
NOEL G. WATSON Chairman and CEO
PAGE 3
  OSHA Recordable Incident Rate
 