TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
In last year’s letter to shareholders, I wrote that “...conditions in debt markets and fears of an economic slowdown are making this a
challenging year in some of our markets. Still, supported by the strategic growth investments we have made in the past three years—and
continue to make today—we are positioned to increase market share across our operations and keep growing our business this year.”
Despite the magnitude and severity of the credit crisis and global economic downturn, we were able to equal our 2007 revenue in 2008. We
continued to grow parts of our business as well, most notably our leasing business and our outsourcing services, where we assist corporate
occupiers intent on reducing costs to improve the management of their real estate assets. Our strategic growth investments delivered as
expected, helping us take market share from competitors. We remained profitable in the poorest economic and market environment in
memory, while creating value for our clients.
Throughout the year, we adapted our business operations to align them with deteriorating market conditions, reducing costs aggressively
while identifying and pursuing new business opportunities created by the downturn.
We were also proud to be named one of the “World’s Most Ethical Companies” by the Ethisphere Institute and a member of the Fortune
“World’s Most Admired Companies” list.
2008 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
We generated $2.7 billion of revenue in 2008, equaling our 2007 revenue total.
Net income was $84 million for the year, or $2.44 per diluted share of common stock, compared with $256 million, or $7.64 per share, in
2007. Our 2007 results included a significant transaction advisory fee earned in our Asia Pacific Hotels business. Excluding restructuring
charges and adjusting for certain purchase accounting impacts, our 2008 net income would have been $127 million, or $3.71 per diluted
share.
Operating income totaled $151 million in 2008, compared with $342 million for the prior year. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization were $233 million, compared with $413 million in 2007.
RESPONDING TO THE DOWNTURN
Office markets around the world are experiencing higher vacancy rates, lower leasing volumes, weak absorption and limited rental growth
compared to previous years. In this environment, investors are uncertain about pricing and therefore are hesitant to buy assets. Corporate
occupiers, uncertain about their needs, are re-examining space requirements and postponing occupancy decisions.
Availability of financing continues to be severely restricted around the world, and that has had a damaging effect on commercial real estate
asset prices and transaction volumes. Further re-pricing of real estate will occur in 2009, and in the process, the asset class will begin
attracting investment capital. This process is farthest along in the United Kingdom, and we expect it to gain momentum in other countries as
the year progresses.
We have set two priorities to respond to these market conditions: Focusing intently on clients to respond to their changing needs and take
advantage of new opportunities to serve them, and aggressively sizing our business to the market environment.
MAINTAINING A TOTAL FOCUS ON CLIENTS
In recent months, we have oriented our firm to a total outward focus to meet the changing needs of current clients and to develop new clients.
In difficult markets, our clients need our help and value our advice even more than in good times.
Our ability to provide consistently high-quality services globally creates strong, enduring and profitable client relationships. As an example,
in 2008 Procter & Gamble named Jones Lang LaSalle one of six “Suppliers of the Year,” an award determined by quantitative and qualitative
evaluations by P&G employees. The winners were selected from P&G’s 80,000 suppliers around the world. We also signed a new, three-year
contract with Procter & Gamble which significantly expands the range of services we provide to their 150 million square foot global real
estate portfolio.
We have found that our unwavering client focus and collaborative culture, supported by our global client service infrastructure, help us retain
existing clients and attract new business to our firm. When smaller local and regional real estate service providers struggle with economic
conditions, we benefit from a migration to quality, as clients move to a provider with a broad platform, deep resources and healthy finances.
We underscored our commitment to clients early in 2008 when we introduced a new global brand positioning for Jones Lang LaSalle. One of
its most visible elements is our new signature, “Real value in a changing world,” a phrase that summarizes our purpose as a company and
captures the fundamental promise we make to our clients. We work to create value that is relevant for each client, whatever its specific real
estate needs.
TAKING ADVANTAGE OF NEW OPPORTUNITIES
In 2005 we identified five objectives for global growth, which we named the “G5.” Our activities in each area drive long-term shareholder
value, advance our ability to serve clients effectively and help us maintain a position of industry leader and innovator. We continued to focus
on all five in 2008, as we adapted our business in the face of new market realities and took advantage of new opportunities associated with
them.
G1: LOCAL AND REGIONAL SERVICE OPERATIONS.
Our first G addresses the actions we take to strengthen our local and regional service operations. We
made several strategic acquisitions in 2008 to expand our presence in key geographic markets and industry sectors, and to gain market share.
In July we merged with The Staubach Company, a U.S. real estate services firm specializing in tenant representation. Our nearly 1,000 new
colleagues from Staubach have made us an industry leader in U.S. tenant representation and generated substantial revenue and market-share
gains in this business. The combination gives former Staubach clients access to additional services in the United States and to the Jones Lang
LaSalle global platform. Jones Lang LaSalle clients benefit from our expanded U.S. tenant representation capabilities. Despite deteriorating
market conditions and substantial time and resources devoted to integrating the two organizations, Staubach’s revenue in the second half of
2008, most of which was earned as part of the Jones Lang LaSalle organization, equaled the same period in 2007.
We completed two acquisitions in the European retail sector during 2008: Kemper’s Group, Germany’s leading retail property advisor, and
Churston Heard, the UK’s top independent retail consultancy. These acquisitions made us the retail property market leader in Germany and
significantly expanded our share of the total European retail market.
We also completed 12 smaller acquisitions in 2008, increasing our market share in key markets, expanding our capabilities in different
service areas and further strengthening our global platform.
We also continued to expand our Energy and Sustainability Services capabilities throughout the year. In 2008 we generated $95 million in
energy savings for clients, reduced 438,000 tons of greenhouse gases and provided 20,000 facilities with specialized energy services. Today
more than 340 of our professionals are LEED-accredited.
G2: GLOBAL CORPORATE SOLUTIONS.
G2 summarizes our goal of being the leading service provider addressing the global outsourcing needs of
corporate occupiers. In pursuit of this objective, we have focused on building a consistent, integrated delivery platform in our global
Corporate Solutions business. We saw a strong response to these investments in 2008, as corporate occupiers around the world pursued
opportunities to significantly reduce costs by outsourcing their real estate activities. We now have the most powerful platform in the world
for managing real estate outsourcing.
We signed contracts with 43 new corporate clients representing nearly 370 million square feet of space in 2008. We expanded existing
relationships with 46 clients for another 300 million square feet, and we renewed contracts representing nearly 130 million square feet. The
combination with Staubach also added to the strength of our global corporate services platform.
Recently, the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals named Jones Lang LaSalle to its 2009 Global Outsourcing 100 list. The
list includes companies from around the world that specialize in a wide range of outsourcing services, from IT and business process to real
estate, asset management and logistics.
G3: GLOBAL CAPITAL MARKETS.
Our third global priority is to be a leader in global capital markets. Progress toward this goal continued in 2008,
although the global credit crisis obviously put pressure on our revenues. Total 2008 transaction volume was down nearly 60 percent
compared with 2007 levels, as investors could not obtain credit, and buyers and sellers could not agree on pricing. Despite early signs in
some markets of asset re-pricing that will help attract new capital to the asset class, we anticipate that 2009 capital markets activity will not
increase compared with 2008.
As investment sales activity has slowed dramatically in our Capital Markets and Hotels businesses, our clients continue to look to Jones Lang
LaSalle for advice and support. In response, we have developed a range of Value Recovery Services to help them respond to the new and
often unprecedented challenges the downturn is creating.
We are helping financial institutions address the operational and occupancy needs that result from merging with or acquiring other
institutions. We are advising financial institutions with challenged assets and liabilities on their balance sheets. We are providing receivership
services to clients who need help managing and marketing assets with troubled financing structures. We are helping clients raise capital by
monetizing real estate assets through sale-leaseback transactions. And Jones Lang LaSalle Hotels is providing creative solutions and asset
management services to hotel owners and investors struggling in current markets.
G4: LASALLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT.
Our fourth strategic priority is to maximize value from LaSalle Investment Management, our real estate
investment management business. LaSalle’s 2008 combined advisory and transaction fees increased year-on-year compared to 2007, despite
decreasing revenues in the fourth quarter.
LaSalle is working to strengthen its relationships with current clients through aggressive management of asset performance. LaSalle’s solid
track record and reputation for providing superior performance appeal to investors who are re-evaluating the capabilities of their existing
investment managers. Early signs, as measured by requests for proposals, suggest that we will benefit from this move to the highest-quality
managers.
LaSalle was honored as “Global Firm of the Year” in the 2008 Private Equity Real Estate (PERE) Awards. This is the only industry awards
program in which private equity real estate professionals nominate candidates and elect winners.
G5: WORLD-STANDARD BUSINESS OPERATIONS.
Developing the premier business delivery system in our industry is necessary for us to succeed with
our other strategic priorities. In 2008, we introduced a new, entirely redesigned and updated public Web site, www.joneslanglasalle.com. Our
new Web site enables our people to reach clients and prospective clients globally and locally, in 29 countries and 22 languages. The site has
already generated valuable new business leads for our firm, with its access to our worldwide research and examples of our service delivery
capabilities. With the new platform, we are also able to communicate the extent of our Corporate Social Responsibility activities and our
ability to assist clients with their energy management and other sustainability needs.
Building off the new public Web site, we also developed an entirely new intranet, Jones Lang LaSalle
Connect. This internal computer
network, the vehicle we use to share best practices and collaborate internally as one firm, was launched in early 2009.
Together, the new public Web site and intranet represent a major upgrade and modernization of our online infrastructure and give us real
competitive advantage.
FOCUSING ON COST REDUCTION
While focusing intently on clients and identifying new ways to serve them, we have also made aggressive cost reductions in 2008, sizing our
business selectively to reflect market realities and aligning our resources with market opportunities. We have aggressively eliminated non-
essential programs and expenses. Excluding employees who have joined the firm as a result of mergers, acquisitions and new outsourcing
relationships, staffing levels have declined globally by approximately 10 percent.
We did not take these decisions lightly and have worked carefully to maintain our ability to deliver excellent client service and protect our
top performers. We will continue to monitor conditions closely this year, aligning our business to the economic climate and taking action as
appropriate.
As a part of this cost management program, we are asking our colleagues to make financial sacrifices to strengthen the firm during these
difficult times, and I believe that the Chief Executive Officer should do the same. So while our Board’s Compensation Committee offered me
a significant cash bonus and restricted stock award for the firm’s accomplishments in 2008, I have respectfully declined the offer. The firm
has decided to use a small part of the funds saved for a reduced summer intern program across the firm, staying in touch with new talent for
our future. The proxy statement for our 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders details the compensation program for our Global Executive
Committee.
ANNOUNCING SENIOR LEADERSHIP CHANGES
Revealing the depth of the firm’s talent pool and the professional abilities of the individuals involved, several changes to our regional
leadership became effective on January 1, 2009. Alastair Hughes, previously CEO for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, was named CEO
for Asia Pacific. He succeeded Peter Barge, who continues as Chairman of Jones Lang LaSalle Hotels and was also named Chairman for Asia
Pacific, where he provides strategic oversight of global business line development. Peter remains a member of the firm’s Global Executive
Committee. Christian Ulbrich, who had been leading our business in Germany, became CEO for EMEA and joined the Global Executive
Committee.
These appointments recognize the contributions that all three have made to the firm and our ability to make leadership changes smoothly and
efficiently.
WELCOMING TWO NEW DIRECTORS TO OUR BOARD
We were pleased to have two new Directors join the Jones Lang LaSalle Board of Directors in 2008.
Roger T. Staubach was elected to the Board in July. Mr. Staubach was the Executive Chairman of The Staubach Company, which he founded
in 1977, until its merger with Jones Lang LaSalle, when he was named Executive Chairman of the firm’s Americas region. He is also a
member of the Board of Directors of AMR Corporation, the parent company of American Airlines, and of Cinemark Holdings, Inc., a major
U.S. movie exhibitor. He is Chairman of the Host Committee for Super Bowl XLV, which will be held in North Texas in 2011. Mr. Staubach
brings a strong combination of entrepreneurship and public company experience to the Board.
DeAnne Julius was elected an independent, non-executive member of the Board of Directors in November. Dr. Julius is the Chairman of the
Royal Institute of International Affairs, also known as Chatham House. Founded in 1920 and based in London, Chatham House is a leading
source of independent analysis, informed debate and influential ideas on building and sustaining a prosperous and secure world. Prior to that,
she was a founding member of the Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank of England. Dr. Julius has also held positions in the private
sector, serving as Chief Economist at British Airways and at Royal Dutch Shell PLC. She is currently a member of the Board of Directors of
BP PLC, one of the world’s largest energy producers, and of Roche Holdings AG, the global healthcare and pharmaceutical firm. Through
her deep experience in both the public and private sectors, Dr. Julius contributes a valuable global perspective on business, economics and
public policy.
REMEMBERING SIR DEREK HIGGS
In April 2008, Sir Derek Higgs died suddenly in London at the age of 64. A member of our Board of Directors since 1999 and a recognized
expert in corporate governance, Sir Derek was Chairman of our Audit Committee. He made significant contributions to the growth and
development of the firm throughout his tenure as a Director. We miss Sir Derek and will remember him as a friend and trusted counselor to
Jones Lang LaSalle.
LOOKING FORWARD
There can be no doubt that 2009 will be another challenging year for the real estate industry and our firm. We will respond by maintaining
our near-term operating priorities of total client focus and continued cost reductions.
We will also be guided and supported by the cultural values we share at Jones Lang LaSalle. We will always work in our clients’ best
interests, collaborate across businesses and geographies to obtain the best results for those clients and conduct our business with
unquestioned integrity and the highest ethical standards.
Difficult times separate top-performing companies from less capable competitors. Our people are up to the challenges we face. Working
together, we believe we will emerge from this downturn a far stronger and more competitive company.
Thank you for your continued interest in Jones Lang LaSalle.
Colin Dyer
Chief Executive Officer and President
March 30, 2009

