  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
ToOur Shareholders
 The men and women of Johnson & Johnson come to work each day driven by a shared passion: caring. Our caring touches the lives of people around the world. It motivates
us to identify unmet health care needs, reach increasing numbers of patients and consumers, and create broader solutions— not only for the most serious medical conditions but also for the general health
and well-being of the world’s population.
Our caring empowers others. It touches patients and consumers across the world, and it inspires hope. It’s grounded
in the fundamental tenets of Our Credo and in a decentralized management approach that keeps our people close to their customers and their markets. It drove our business success in 2008, and it mobilizes us to capitalize on new health care opportu-
dividends paid per share $1.795
2008 HIGHLIGHTS We remember 2008 as a year of extraordinary economic events that shook our financial markets and global econ- omies. Against this backdrop, I am proud of our accomplishments.
Johnson & Johnson delivered on its financial commitments, driven by the strength of a broad base of human health care busi- nesses. We achieved these results despite anticipated market challenges—such as increased generic competition worldwide and
net sales $63.7
nities while we meet the challenges ahead in an unprecedented, difficult gdloiblualtecdoneomarinc sinetgtisngp. er share $4.57
 WILLIAM C. WELDON
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
 patent expirations—even as we faced an unanticipated deteriora- tion of the global economy.
Worldwide sales grew to $63.7 billion, an increase of 4.3 percent. Operational growth was 1.9 percent. We achieved strong adjusted earnings growth of 6.8(1) percent and adjusted earnings per share growth of 9.6(1) percent, which was higher than adjusted earnings growth due to our share-repurchase program. Free cash flow was strong at approximately $12 billion.(2)
While growing our businesses, we also took thoughtful, disciplined actions to streamline and improve our cost structure. Within our Pharmaceuticals and Cordis businesses, approximately $1.6 billion in annual savings were realized. We anticipate additional savings in 2009 from standardization initiatives we have invested in over time.
Meanwhile, we remain on track to fulfill the potential of the Pfizer Consumer Healthcare acquisition, expecting to meet or
   NET SALES
(in billions of dollars)
$61.1 $50.5 $53.3
$47.3
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
DIVIDENDS PAID PER SHARE
$63.7
(in dollars) $3.35
$2.74
$4.57
(in dollars) $1.275
$1.095
$1.795
   2004 2005 2006 2007 2008
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008
$3.73
$1.455
$1.620
$3.63
              CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 1

 exceed our target of $500 million to $600 million in cost synergies. We expect this transaction to be break-even or modestly accretive this year, one year ahead of the original schedule.
These types of actions drove gains in
our adjusted segment operating profit to $17.3(3) billion, or 27.1(3) percent to sales, in 2008 compared with $15.9(3) billion, or 26.0(3) percent to sales, in 2007. Our teams did an excellent job improving margins even as the volatile economic climate began driving increases in commodity costs and shifts in consumer and patient behaviors.
We also continued with our $10 billion share-repurchase program, and as of year-end, we had purchased approximately $8.1 billion of stock.
During the turbulent economic times
of 2008, Johnson & Johnson was the third-
best-performing stock on the Dow Jones
Industrial Average. Our shareholder returns over one-, three-, five- and ten-year periods have exceeded our major comparative indices. While delivering financial results and cost structure improvements, we have been investing in our businesses for sus- tained growth. We made significant strides toward strengthening our market positions in the areas in which we compete today, identifying new high-growth opportunities and broadening our capabilities into more of the $4.1 trillion health care market.
We continue to deliver on four major business priorities that remain fundamental to our long-term growth:
• WinninginHealthCare
• Capitalizing on Convergence
• Accelerating Growth in Emerging Markets
• Developing Leadership and Talent
WINNING IN HEALTH CArE Winning in health care requires a multi- pronged approach for long-term success. Accordingly, we continue to invest in internal development and to pursue selective licenses and acquisitions. Meanwhile, we are thoughtfully navigating the competitive and industry challenges affecting global health care.
Research and development remained strong at $7.6 billion in 2008. Driven by strong science and unmet patient needs, we have advanced our pipelines.
Last year was one of the most productive for our pharmaceuti- cal pipeline in terms of filings, approvals and positive regulatory opinions. Our pipeline is diverse and well-balanced, in both bio- pharmaceuticals and small molecules, covering therapeutic areas with high unmet needs. We sustained research productivity, and we are on track to complete filings for seven to 10 new products between the beginning of 2008 and the end of 2010. In doing so, we’ll meet our target set back in 2007.
Our late-stage pipeline is robust. Eight new compounds
are currently in registration, five of which were filed with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2008. NUCYNTATM (tapentadol) immediate-release tablets for the relief of moderate to severe acute pain in adults age 18 and older were granted FDA approval. Regulatory authorities in Canada, the European Union (EU) and the U.S. approved INTELENCETM (etravirine) for
 During the turbulent economic times of 2008, Johnson & Johnson
was the third-best- performing stock on
the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Our share- holder returns over one-, three-, five- and ten-year periods have exceeded our major comparative indices.
HIV combination therapy. STELARATM (ustekinumab) was approved in Canada and the EU for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis; ustekinumab is currently under review with the FDA.
Our Medical Devices and Diagnostics pipeline is strong, both with new products and entries into new markets. For example, Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. introduced the HARMONIC® Combination Hook Blade and HARMONIC® SYNERGYTM Curved Blade, taking these minimally invasive surgical instruments with proven clinical value and strong intellectual property into orthopae- dic and plastic surgery, new specialties for the Company.
And our Vision Care Franchise continued its fifth year of solid growth with ACUVUE®, the world’s most widely prescribed contact lens brand. It launched two new products: ACUVUE® OASYSTM Brand Contact Lenses
for ASTIGMATISM and, introduced in the United Kingdom, 1-DAY ACUVUE® TruEyeTM, the world’s first daily disposable silicone hydrogel contact lens.
While developing our core businesses, we also expanded into new markets through acquisitions. Johnson & Johnson acquired Mentor Corporation, a leading supplier of medical products for the global aesthetic market. This acquisition provides our Ethicon Franchise with an opportunity to grow in aesthetic and reconstruc- tive medicine while raising the standard for innovation and patient outcomes. We believe Mentor will become the cornerstone of a broader Johnson & Johnson leadership strategy for aesthetic medicine—a high-growth market serving both consumers and medical professionals.
Winning in health care also means going beyond the $1.2 trillion market in which our businesses compete today and finding growth opportunities in the broader $4.1 trillion health care market. Our Office of Strategy & Growth is charged with this mission.
As an initial step in the creation of a Wellness & Prevention business platform, Johnson & Johnson made two acquisitions
and began laying the groundwork for this new business. HealthMedia, Inc. offers a suite of interventions that provide personalized web-based coaching for wellness, disease manage- ment, behavioral health and medication adherence with proven outcomes, improved compliance, reduced medical utilization and increased productivity. Meanwhile, HUMAN PERFORMANCE INSTITUTETM is developing science-based training programs to improve employee health and wellness. We expect this new business to contribute to the performance of workforces through products and services that keep employees healthy, engaged and productive.
While building our businesses, we are also actively participating in public policy discussions around the world. Given our breadth of businesses and long-standing reputation, we are often called upon for our perspectives. As always, our focus remains on the consumer and patient, preserving access to care and incentives
for innovation.
Johnson & Johnson is uniquely positioned to thrive in the rapidly changing health care landscape. Our blend of industry perspectives, consumer insights, scientific innovation and finan-
  2 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

 cial strength provides us with a uniquely strong base for present and future growth.
CApITALIzING ON CONvErGENCE For the future, breakthrough innovation lies in capitalizing on the convergence of products, technologies, patient-centric solutions and the power of the Johnson & Johnson enterprise. Our broad base of businesses working together creates this distinctive competitive advantage. And our diverse capabilities, expertise, talent and financial strength enable us to develop innovative solutions that advance health care around the world and build long-term success for Johnson & Johnson.
Good collaborative thinking leads to
important new products. The Fibrin Pad,
developed jointly by our scientists at Ethicon,
Inc. and Centocor, Inc., along with Omrix
Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., combines mechani-
cal and biological action for advanced hemostasis, reducing surgery time and the need for blood transfusions. Johnson & Johnson acquired Omrix Biopharmaceuticals in late 2008 to further our capabilities in this area.
The companies that comprise our Diabetes Care Franchise are creating a full range of solutions that empower patients through technology, education and services. New product introductions allow patients to consistently monitor blood glucose levels and discreetly administer insulin. We also acquired two online communities—Children with Diabetes, Inc. and the Spanish- language Diabetes Juvenil—to help connect families virtually.
Also, the Johnson & Johnson Diabetes Institute, LLC brings together diverse medical professionals with the common goal of improving outcomes for people with diabetes.
Capitalizing on the power and scope of the Johnson & Johnson enterprise is also a source of competitive advantage for our busi- nesses. The launch of ZYRTEC® (cetirizine HCl) for sale without a prescription in the United States was our most successful product launch in 2008. It also marked the largest prescription to over- the-counter (OTC) switch in Company history. The ZYRTEC® launch demonstrated the unique advantage we have when our Consumer and Pharmaceuticals businesses work together to combine strong consumer marketing expertise with our in-depth knowledge of the managed-care market.
Our scientists and marketers continue to develop convergent and personalized health care solutions in other high-growth areas, such as skin care, obesity, oncology and cardiology. The potential for making an impact on standards of care in these categories is tremendous, and we believe the breadth of Johnson & Johnson makes us uniquely able to seize the opportunities that lie ahead.
ACCELErATING GrOWTH IN EMErGING MArkETS Oneofthe largest growth opportunities rests in emerging global markets such as Brazil, Russia, China and India. Other rapidly developing coun- tries, such as Turkey and Mexico, are also showing solid growth. Johnson & Johnson has maintained a significant and well-established presence in these markets for decades, utilizing our decentralized operating model to stay close to patients, consumers and health care
 research and development remained strong at $7.6 billion
in 2008. Driven by strong science and unmet patient needs, we have advanced our pipelines.
providers with local market insights, prod- ucts and strategies.
Three components are core to our emerging-markets strategy. First, we are training health care professionals to provide optimal patient care. We opened a professional education center in Beijing in conjunction with our 2008 Olympic Games sponsorship. We also established a professional education center in Russia. Meanwhile, the Vision Care Institute, LLC is providing important training and infor- mation on eye care in 11 diverse cities, including Shanghai, Dubai and Bangkok, and plans to continue its global expansion. We launched the Johnson & Johnson Diabetes Institute, LLC in four global markets. In all, we have more than
20 professional education centers across the world.
Second, we continue to build local capabilities to fully integrate with the market and its people. As the
official health care sponsor of the Beijing 2008 Olympic and Paralympic Games, our Company and businesses built a lasting bond with the Chinese people, opening opportunities for sustained business growth and recruitment of the best talent. Local capabili- ties were further enhanced with the acquisition of Beijing Dabao Cosmetics Co., Ltd., maker of a well-known and respected skin care brand in China; this is our first significant acquisition in this mar- ket. Additionally, we began manufacturing at our new orthopaedic facility in Suzhou, China, and our Emerging Market Innovation Center in Shanghai develops products for emerging markets and gathers in-depth insights about the Chinese consumer.
Finally, we are developing a number of market-appropriate products, such as endosurgical instruments, sutures and baby care products, to better meet local needs.
DEvELOpING LEADErSHIp AND TALENT While we are well- positioned with long-term growth strategies, I remain most passionate about the people of Johnson & Johnson. Inspired by Our Credo, our teams overcome daily competitive challenges in their quests to discover new ways to improve health care, satisfy unmet needs and open new markets.
The professional development of our people remains a top priority. With more than 250 operating companies around the world, we have the capability to develop leaders by exposing them to a wide variety of businesses, with ever-increasing responsibility. We allow them to take prudent risks as they enhance their own judgment and business-building capabilities. Our focus on leader- ship development ensures smooth succession through our most senior management levels.
In addition to making excellent progress on our business priorities throughout 2008, we achieved sustained results in each of our business segments, driven by our solid management teams and dedicated employees.
CONSuMEr HEALTH CArE Our Consumer Health Care business delivered strong growth in 2008, with sales of $16 billion and a total growth rate of 10.8 percent. Growth drivers included our
  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 3

 OTC/Nutritionals business, led by ZYRTEC®; skin care brands, led by AVEENO®, CLEAN & CLEAR® and NEUTROGENA®; LISTERINE® antiseptic mouth rinse; and international sales of baby care products. DABAOTM, the leading moisturizer in China, also contrib- uted to this growth.
Our Consumer business continues a history of strong revenue and operating profit growth. We maintain solid leadership positions, with the No. 1 or No. 2 positions in nine of the 15 major categories in which we compete.
Our focus on superior science differen- tiates us from competitors and builds long-term advantage. Science and deep consumer insights are the catalysts behind our growth strategies, which include organic growth of iconic brands, a focus on new ventures and a commitment to emerging- market development.
Across all franchises, clinical trial design and analysis are critical competencies, both for new products and innovative new claims. Our strong network of professional relationships, supported by science, has built many of our brands to the No. 1 place in professional recommendations in the United States
and international markets. TYLENOL®, JOHNSON’S® Baby, NEUTROGENA®, LISTERINE® and NEOSPORIN® are just some of our brands that are trusted—and highly recommended—by medical professionals around the world.
MEDICAL DEvICES AND DIAGNOSTICS Our Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) franchises continue to comprise the world’s largest medical technology business, with 2008 sales of $23.1 billion, a total increase of 6.4 percent over the prior year. Growth was driven by minimally invasive products, disposable contact lenses, and orthopaedic and sports medicine products.
The medical technology market offers significant growth opportunities in light of aging demographics, unmet medical needs and technological innovation. In addition, we see low penetration rates in many of our key categories, along with geographic development opportunities. We are well-positioned to capitalize on this market potential, with No. 1 or No. 2 positions in the majority of markets in which we compete.
Our opportunities are particularly solid in markets such as ophthalmology, cardiology and metabolic disease, where there is a strong need for patient-centric solutions to address chronic disease. Within this area, the Comprehensive Care Group is charged with developing novel approaches to care across the entire continuum of a disease while delivering cost-effective outcomes. Meanwhile, the Surgical Care Group focuses on developing surgical businesses with new technologies and solutions that support patients beyond the time of surgical intervention.
Our MD&D businesses achieved several significant milestones during 2008. In addition to Mentor Corporation and Omrix Biopharmaceuticals, the strategic acquisitions of several other companies strengthened our pipelines. Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. acquired SurgRx, Inc., bringing together that company’s ENSEAL® products with its own HARMONIC® line of ultrasonic medical
 Johnson & Johnson
is uniquely positioned to thrive in the rapidly changing health care landscape. Our blend of industry perspectives, consumer insights, scientific innovation and financial strength provides us with a uniquely strong base
for present and future growth.
devices, which offer surgeons greater func- tionality and flexibility for diverse surgical procedure requirements. Through the acquisition of Åmic AB, a privately held Swedish developer of in vitro diagnostics, Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. has access to new delivery channels in point-of-care and near-patient settings outside the clinical laboratory.
Our businesses introduced several new products and strengthened pipelines to sustain future growth. DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. introduced TRI-LOCKTM, a bone- preserving hip stem with proprietary GRIPTIONTM technology for stability, maintaining its leading position in
hip replacement in the U.S. market. In Europe, LifeScan, Inc. launched the new ONETOUCH® VITATM Blood Glucose Meter, particularly beneficial for people with type 2 diabetes who find their disease complex and
difficult to manage. With the convergence of accurate, reliable
and easy-to-use technology and patient insights about preferred sizes, shapes and colors, the ONETOUCH® ULTRAMINITM Blood Glucose Meter has become the No. 1-selling blood glucose meter in the United States.
Given the competitive strengths of our MD&D businesses and opportunities for growth, we remain enthusiastic about the potential for sustained long-term growth in this segment.
pHArMACEuTICALS Our Pharmaceuticals businesses ended the year with sales of $24.6 billion, representing a total decrease of 1.2 percent versus the prior year. The breadth and depth of our growing product portfolio enabled us to lessen the impact of generic competition for RISPERDAL® (risperidone) and slower sales of PROCRIT® (Epoetin alfa).
Nine products had sales of more than $1 billion. Growth was driven by the strength of currently marketed products, fueled in some cases by new indications and in others by approvals in additional markets.
Growth products included VELCADETM (bortezomib),
which received European Commission approval for previously untreated multiple myeloma; REMICADE® (infliximab), a biologic approved for the treatment of a number of immune- mediated inflammatory diseases; and TOPAMAX® (topiramate) for treatment of epilepsy and migraines. In our HIV Franchise, the European Commission approved once-daily dosing of
800 mg PREZISTA® (darunavir) with low-dose ritonavir as part of combination therapy in treatment-naïve adults (those who have never taken HIV medication). This approval broadens the previous indication of darunavir for treatment-experienced HIV-1 patients. This means PREZISTA® will be used for the
full spectrum of HIV/AIDS patients in the 27 EU member states.
Our antipsychotic franchise with INVEGA® (paliperidone), a once-daily atypical antipsychotic, and RISPERDAL® CONSTA® (risperidone) Long-Acting Injection continued to grow. We have filed an additional indication for RISPERDAL® CONSTA® in frequently relapsing bipolar disorder in the U.S. Other new indica- tions for our existing products included CONCERTA® (methyl-
  4 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

 phenidate HC l) Extended-release Tablets in adult attention deficit hyper-activity disorder (ADHD) and DORIBAXTM (doripenem for injection) in the EU for urinary tract infections, intra-abdominal infections and nosocomial pneumonia infection.
Our late-stage pipeline is also promising, and we are poised for several potential launches. Rivaroxaban, which we are co-developing with Bayer HealthCare AG in the United States, is initially in development for prevention of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism in patients undergoing hip and knee replacement surgery. We are also encouraged by paliperidone palmitate, a long-acting injectable antipsychotic with monthly dosing.
In addition to concentrating on R&D
productivity, we are carefully navigating the
challenging regulatory and reimbursement
environments and the growing competition
from generics. With this combined focus, we remain confident in our pharmaceutical pipeline as we introduce new and better solu- tions for unmet medical needs.
Our COMMITMENT TO GrOWTH Unprecedented technologies, aging populations, strong emerging markets and more powerful consumers are creating a number of new opportunities for our businesses. We maintain a clear strategy for pursuing future growth. This is evident in the progress we made during 2008.
For 2009, we have entered an unusually challenging period, facing a global financial and business slowdown unlike anything we have seen during our lifetimes.
Every challenging period brings with it a corresponding opportunity for growth, and this is no exception. By working in a disciplined way, Johnson & Johnson will emerge stronger than ever. I believe this for several reasons:
We are fortunate to have an experienced management team in place with the right skills to capitalize on market conditions and build businesses for long-term growth.
We are strengthening our core franchises, advancing our pipe- lines and introducing new products that will replenish and grow our revenue streams.
We are building our market leadership positions and venturing into new growth spaces for Johnson & Johnson.
We are maintaining our financial strength and flexibility with a combination of strong cash flows and AAA credit rating, which gives us access to credit at favorable rates.
We have implemented cost structure improvements that should reap benefits for the bottom line and help us operate more efficiently.
We are actively participating in the dialogues on public policy that will shape our business environment for years to come.
Whenever the economy and health care markets return to more robust growth, we will be stronger and better-positioned for lead- ership in our markets.
Our COMMITMENT TO CArING I am confident in the growth of Johnson & Johnson for many reasons, but perhaps most impor-
 Around the world, our people bring
a passion for caring to work every day. This is perhaps
the greatest reason for our enduring success.
tant, I am confident because of our people. Around the world, our people bring a
passion for caring to work every day.
This is perhaps the greatest reason for our enduring success. Each day, our people remind me that caring is an extraordinary motivator that overcomes the many chal- lenges of today’s health care environment and difficult economic times.
As you browse the stories on the fol- lowing pages, you will see some of what inspires the people of Johnson & Johnson. Added to these stories are countless other works throughout the Company. From great science ... to deep insights about our patients and consumers ... to innovative market approaches ... to a dedication to corporate citizenship ... our people bring a new definition to caring. They are inspired by Our Credo, which reminds us of who we are as a Company and what we believe.
Our operating model—broadly based in human health care, decentralized in approach, managed for the long term and focused on people and values—impels us to find the best possible solutions to today’s most pressing health care needs. This focus has been passed from generation to generation of employees at Johnson & Johnson—all of whom share the inspiration of caring that remains our hallmark.
Our COMMITMENT TO YOu During2008,weachievedsolid progress against our growth strategies. We strengthened our core franchises, advanced our pipelines and introduced new products to sustain revenue growth. We invested in new opportunities to fuel robust future growth. We maintained a strong balance sheet that allows us to capitalize on emerging opportunities for the future. We continued to operate under a business model that delivers sustained results and to be led by inspired people who take ingenuity and caring to new levels. For all these reasons,
I remain confident that Johnson & Johnson will continue to grow stronger in the years ahead, delivering superior levels of performance that benefit patients, consumers, medical profes- sionals, employees, our communities and our loyal shareholders.
William C. Weldon
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
March 11, 2009
(1) Excludes in-process research and development and other special items. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, page 72.
(2) Free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending.
(3) Adjusted segment operating profit, before (income)/expenses not allocated to segments, which excludes in-process research and development and other special items. (See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, page 72.)
   CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 5
