To Our Shareholders
  JohJnson & Johnson achieved strong performance in sales, earnings and cash flows in 2003, with a particu- larly strong second half buoyed by the introduction of the CYPHER® Sirolimus-eluting Stent. Overall, it was an excellent year.
Total sales reached a record $41.9 billion, up 15.3 percent over 2002, representing an operating increase of 10.7 percent and a 4.6 percent benefit from favorable currency exchange. In fact, 2003 was the 71st year of consecutive sales growth.
Record net earnings of $8.1 billion and diluted earn- ings per share of $2.70 (excluding the impact of In- Process Research & Development) represented growth of 19.5 percent and 21.1 percent, respectively(1). Earnings were favorably affected by an arbitration ruling on stent patents, a decision with which we were very pleased.
Cash flow from operations in 2003 continued strong, at $10.6 billion, up almost 30 percent from the previous year. This operating cash flow provided the fuel that enabled us to complete acquisitions valued at over $3 billion in 2003 while increasing the quarterly dividend 17 percent, from $.205 to $.24. It was with confidence in our performance that the Board of Directors in April 2003 increased this dividend for the 41st consecutive year. We accomplished all of this while maintaining our “triple A” credit rating, a recognition afforded to very few industrial companies.
Our financial accomplishments were solid, but they
tell only part of the story of 2003. While financial achieve- ments are important in themselves, more significant are the health care advances they enable that are the founda- tion for our future.
We made important progress in advancing such innova- tions during the period covered by this report. For example:
• We introduced the CYPHER® Sirolimus-eluting Stent, the first product of its kind in the world, in the U.S. in April, and changed the standard of care in coronary artery disease. This product has now been implanted in over a half-million patients around the world.
Through acquisition and licensing arrangements, we continued to identify platforms for medical advances. Particularly noteworthy developments:
• We completed strategic business-building initiatives in orthopaedics and spine businesses, acquiring Orquest, Inc., a privately held biotechnology company focused on biologically-based implants, and Link Spine Group, Inc., a privately owned corporation with an artificial disc for the treatment of spinal disorders.
• We completed the acquisition of Scios Inc., adding to our portfolio the product NATRECOR® for the treatment of acute congestive heart failure and an advanced p-38 kinase inhibitor research program to give us advantage in the potential development of oral-protein based compounds.
• VELCADETM, a novel first-in-class therapy for multiple myeloma, was recently recommended for approval in the
  William C. Weldon Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
1

 European Union, and we are hopeful for a second quarter 2004 approval by the European Commission. This product is licensed from Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and our Ortho Biotech Products, L.P. has rights to market the product outside the U.S.
We also made great progress in internal research and development:
• Our pharmaceutical business achieved an impressive 10 product approvals from regulatory authorities in the U.S., European Union and Japan, while at the same time signifi- cantly advancing our pipeline of compounds in development.
• In the growing field of bariatric surgery, or surgical treatment of morbid obesity, we continued to develop spe- cialized instrumentation.
• We sharpened our focus on science and innovation
in our consumer businesses, particularly skin care, gaining greater product distinction and consumer acceptance.
These are just a few of the highlights. Throughout the year, progress was made across our broadly based business.
Our Medical Devices and Diagnostics segment, the world leader in this category, enjoyed strong growth of 18.5 percent in 2003 (with operational growth of 12.8 percent and a benefit from favorable currency of 5.7 percent). Contributors included Ethicon Endo-Surgery, which received marketing clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for expanded use of its
 MAMMOTOME® Breast Biopsy System. The DePuy fran- chise — which develops and markets products for use in joint reconstruction, trauma, spinal surgery and surgical instrumentation — continued to deliver strong results, particularly in joint reconstruction and spine products.
The most notable Medical Devices contributor in 2003 was the Cordis franchise, which grew by an outstanding 65 percent on the strength of the successful introduction
of the CYPHER® Stent. Patients’ stories of the impact of this technology are inspiring, and remind us that our busi- ness — the business of health care — is a meaningful endeavor and an extraordinary responsibility. Beyond car- diovascular disease, Cordis is putting its leadership in the stent category to work against endovascular applications, including carotid artery stenting for stroke, where we hope to have a product in the market this year.
We fully expect that in 2004 the CYPHER® Stent will face significant competition from a second entry into the drug-eluting stent market. We are prepared. We have con- fidence in the clinical performance of the CYPHER® Stent, and we are making important investments in this category and in new generations of product.
Beyond our drug-eluting stent, we’re pursuing many important business-expanding opportunities in Medical Devices and Diagnostics. For example, our Veridex team is focused on breakthrough capabilities in cancer detection, staging and potential treatment through gene profiling and
  2
Robert J. Darretta Vice Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Financial Officer

 cellular analysis. We are working to commercialize in the U.S. the CHARITÉTM disc, a revolutionary advance to current spinal surgery that is already well received in 30 countries around the world. We are also developing and commercializing products to bring less invasive surgery options to joint replacement, and introducing biologic materials to orthopaedic medicine.
In our largest segment, Pharmaceuticals, we achieved total growth of 13.8 percent, with operational growth of 9.7 percent and a benefit from favorable currency of 4.1 percent. This business continues to be one of the fastest growing of the top 10 worldwide pharmaceutical compa- nies, and our portfolio now includes over 100 brands. Our strong growth in this segment has not been dependent upon the performance of one or two blockbusters, but in fact benefits from seven products with annual sales in excess of a billion dollars.
Among them is PROCRIT®/EPREX®, which, under competitive pressure in all markets and subject to a label change outside the United States, saw a decline in sales from 2002. Among the strong growth drivers in this segment were DURAGESIC®, the transdermal patch for chronic pain management; RISPERDAL®, a treatment
for schizophrenia and bipolar mania, and the recently approved long-acting RISPERDAL® CONSTATM, for schizo- phrenia; REMICADE®, in the growing market for the treatment of immune-mediated inflammatory disorders; LEVAQUIN®, our anti-infective whose indications continue to grow; the contraceptive franchise led by ORTHO EVRA®, the first contraceptive patch approved by the FDA, and TOPAMAX® for epilepsy.
We recognize that PROCRIT®, our largest product in terms of sales, will continue to face tough competition, but we are optimistic that we are making good progress in stabilizing product sales.
Regulatory approvals around the world, both new for- mulations and line extensions, will be key to the continued growth of our pharmaceutical business. Just to mention a few in 2003...approvals for new indications for significant products like LEVAQUIN®, now the only approved short- course flouroquinolone therapy for community-acquired pneumonia; for RISPERDAL® for the treatment of bipolar mania, a condition that afflicts two million people in the U.S. alone, and for the new formulation RISPERDAL® CONSTATM, the only bi-weekly treatment for schizophrenia. Additionally, there are nine projects in various stages of FDA review for important indications including early
rheumatoid arthritis treatment, transdermal post-operative pain management, migraine treatment, and more.
Our significant investment in research and development — over $4.6 billion in 2003 — has resulted in a solid stream of strong new candidates at every stage of the development process. Indeed, our pharmaceutical pipeline is more robust than it has ever been in our history.
Increasingly, we are applying science and technology to create new and differentiated products in our Consumer segment, which in 2003 achieved its best performance in nearly a decade. Growth of 13.2 percent (with operational growth of 9.4 percent and a benefit from favorable cur- rency of 3.8 percent) was led by the performance of
our combined skin care businesses of NEUTROGENA®, AVEENO®, CLEAN & CLEAR® and RoC®. The AVEENO® line is a great example of the increasing application of science and technology to consumer products. Originally a line of colloidal oatmeal products, it is growing to become a full line of skin care products that use one or more natural ingredients in clinically proven, proprietary applications. The BALMEX® consumer product team’s work with Ethicon experts in compromised skin care is another example; they have developed a new product for the prevention of diaper rash, coming to market this year.
The nutritionals business, led by SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, has become a key growth driver in the con- sumer products area. Now sold in 32 countries, SPLENDA® is an ingredient in more than 3,500 products and is the leading tabletop no calorie sweetener in the U.S.
Our heritage JOHNSON’S® Baby brands continue to create bonds with new consumers around the world and deepen the relationships on which so many of our busi- nesses are built.
Indeed, we had a strong year in 2003. Our results added to a foundation of strength, as described in this report, and enabled us to continue to contribute to human health care advances.
However, the environment in which we work to bring advances to health care is growing increasingly difficult. In the next two years we face patent expirations on products that account for approximately 6 percent of rev- enues. We are facing tough competition, but we have faced tough competitors before. We have confidence that the breadth of our business and our ongoing commitment to finding innovative health care solutions will sustain our performance in the face of these challenges.
We participate in an industry that is experiencing
3

 unprecedented pressures. They include demands for broad access and affordability, which we ardently support; global pressures on pharmaceutical pricing as a part of overall health care cost management, and aggressive affronts to patent estates. These factors challenge our industry’s capacity to sustain innovation. We are encouraged by the passage of Medicare reform in the U.S. because it will address the issue of access to health care, and we also support other efforts to make medical innovation available to more people. We must encourage access and afford- ability while being champions of health care solutions
that support innovation rather than diminish it. Scientific progress has us on the brink of historic and transforma- tional health care advances, so it is more important
than ever that we actively participate in these critical policy debates.
It is against this backdrop that we consider our Company’s capacity to sustain our strong performance, and we are encouraged by our conclusions. We are confident because we are driving new and expanded growth — in some categories, building on a strong existing foundation; in others, introducing novel therapies to offset generic com- petition to existing brands; in still others, identifying entirely new platforms with significant commercial potential.
We are confident because we have remained mindful of the need to plan for the future throughout a long period
of successful financial performance. Productivity initiatives such as Process Excellence help us to exploit every oppor- tunity to maximize the resources of this vast organization. Funding Our Future is a new and deliberate effort to free resources through productivity and efficiency that will enable us to invest in business-building initiatives.
Significant investment in R&D is a legacy those of us who have been with Johnson & Johnson for a long time know is deeply rooted. Among the pioneers in this pursuit was Dr. Paul Janssen, founder of Janssen Pharmaceutica, who sadly passed away in late 2003. “Dr. Paul,” as he was known and renowned, was one of the most productive pharmaceutical researchers of the 20th century, and in his honor and memory we continue an unparalleled dedi- cation to the pursuit of meaningful advances that take
us as a company from success to significance in terms of the impact we have on patients’ lives.
Flawless execution is a pursuit ingrained in our oper- ating companies, thanks in part to the efforts of Jim Lenehan throughout his 28-year career with the Company. In January 2004, Jim announced his retirement as Vice
Chairman of the Board of Directors and President of the Company, but his legacy of innovation and marketing expertise will continue for years to come.
Bob Darretta, previously Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, assumed additional responsibilities as Vice Chairman of the Board as this year began.
We welcomed two additional members to the Board of Directors in 2003, and a third a few weeks ago. Mary Sue Coleman, Ph.D., president of the University of Michigan, was elected in September, and Steven S Reinemund, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo., was elected in October. Susan Lindquist, Director of the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research and profes- sor of Biology, Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
was elected last month. We have already begun to benefit from their perspectives.
So we begin 2004 with confidence that we can build our future on a foundation of strength. We have a portfo- lio of brands, a patent estate, R&D organizations and developed leaders that will take us into a future of boundless possibilities. It is challenging, but it is exciting. And we are up to the challenge. We are committed to strategic principles that have stood the test of time...to a business based in human health care, managed for the long term in a unique decentralized structure that keeps us close to our customers, on a foundation of ethical values embodied in Our Credo.
William C. Weldon
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2004
  4
(1) See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures, page 63.
