 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
To Our Shareholders
Throughout our annual report this year, you’ll read about how Johnson & Johnson is bringing meaningful innovation to our patients and customers, and making a difference in their lives in a personal way—from Brunhilde Wecker, who made a full recovery from her stroke thanks to our new blood clot retrieval and removal device,
to our own Bill Hait, an oncologist whose vision and insights helped accelerate the approval of a wholly new treatment for prostate cancer.
These stories remind us why health care is such a rewarding endeavor. They excite me about the future of Johnson & Johnson.
Over the past few years, we have navigated steadily through a series of significant challenges, keeping a long-term perspective, maintaining a disciplined approach to
managing our investments for growth and
our portfolio of broadly based businesses,
and staying true to our operating model and
values. We have turned the corner on a
particularly difficult period.
In 2011, the year Johnson & Johnson celebrated its 125th anniversary, we returned to sales growth, launched a number of innovative new products to address unmet health care needs across the globe, and advanced our pipelines, which today are among the best in the industry.
We strengthened our product portfolios and leadership positions in many areas, including immunology, oncology, surgical devices and emerging markets. And we focused on scientific innovation to maintain or build share in other key growth markets.
We are delivering meaningful innovations in health care and building a more agile company to seize market opportunities.
All the while, we’ve remained committed to Our Credo and the long-held values that have enabled us to succeed now for decades.
Though we continue to face difficult and uncertain macroeconomic conditions, our ongoing investments have us well positioned to grow and increase our market leadership in one of the most important and rewarding industries in the world while delivering sustainable growth for our shareholders.
Our Five-Year JOurneY
Several years ago, we set out to build on our strong foundation and sustain our track record of growth, even as we prepared to address a daunting challenge: the patent expirations for two of our major drugs, RISPERDAL® (risperidone) and TOPAMAX® (topiramate). Together, these products had combined peak-year sales of more than $6 billion. We also prepared ourselves for other market issues to which we had a good line of sight. Additional developments could not be as easily foreseen:
the severe economic decline; the tightening of consumer spending and health care budgets; over-the-counter (OTC) product quality issues at McNeil Consumer Healthcare and the recall of the DePuy ASRTM Hip System.
Our company was severely tested.
In managing through this stretch, we relied heavily on the resolve of our people and on our time-tested business model: our broad base in health care, our decentralized management structure, managing for the long term and the values set forth in Our Credo.
We made necessary restructurings to our business to manage our cost structure, simplify our operations, and ensure the most efficient use of our capital for the long-term benefit of patients and shareholders.
Our management team and employees took critical actions to preserve the core values and strengths of our business.
We remained committed to retaining the trust of our patients and customers, taking responsibility and instituting new measures to ensure that our products live up to the high quality standards that our customers expect and deserve.
As 2011 came to a close, we moved through a turning point. The headwinds from patent expirations, tough portfolio choices, litigation matters and OTC product quality issues had been, or were being, addressed.
At the same time, our continued investments in research and development (R&D), equaling nearly $37 billion over the past five years, yielded nine major approvals for new pharmaceutical products in the
United States—including STELARA® (ustekinumab) and SIMPONI® (golimumab) in immunology; PREZISTA® (darunavir) and INTELENCE® (etravirine) in HIV; ZYTIGA® (abiraterone acetate) in oncology; and XARELTO® (rivaroxaban) in cardiovascular disease.
The emphasis we place on R&D has also led to exciting innovations in our Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) and Consumer platforms, such as contact lenses, electrophysiology, advanced energy, biosurgicals, oral care and skin care.
We have replenished or advanced our pipelines with new technologies, like the Fibrin Pad for hemostasis, as well as compounds like canagliflozin for diabetes and bapineuzumab for Alzheimer’s disease.
With our focus on financial discipline, capital has been
returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Capital has also been used for important long-term investments in strategic alliances and acquisitions like Pfizer Consumer Healthcare and Beijing Dabao Cosmetics Company, Ltd. in the Consumer business; Crucell N.V. and Elan Corporation plc in our Pharmaceuticals business; and the pending acquisition
  William C. WeldOn
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 1

  of Synthes, Inc. in the MD&D business.
When I look back at how we faced this period of industry and
global change, and how we have managed, I am proud of the people of Johnson & Johnson. They have shown the ingenuity, resiliency, tenacity, integrity and compassion that you would expect of a global leader in human health care.
2011 results
Johnson & Johnson returned to delivering operational sales growth in 2011. We grew adjusted earnings1 for the 28th consecutive year. Our worldwide sales were $65.0 billion, an increase of 5.6 percent. Sales increased operationally 2.8 percent, reflecting the strength of new product launches in our Pharmaceuticals business segment, steady performance across our MD&D franchise, science-based innovations in our Consumer business and strong growth in emerging markets.
Approximately 70 percent of our sales were from products with No. 1 or No. 2 global market share positions. Approximately
25 percent of our sales were from products introduced in the past five years.
With our continued focus on financial discipline, our adjusted earnings were $13.9 billion1 and adjusted earnings per share were $5.001, representing increases of 4.4 percent and 5.0 percent, respectively.
We invested $7.5 billion in R&D and advanced robust pipelines across all three of our business segments.
We generated significant free cash flow of approximately
$11.4 billion2, maintained our AAA credit rating and increased the dividend to our shareholders for the 49th consecutive year.
Solid and consistent returns to shareholders have been a hallmark of Johnson & Johnson. During 2011, we generated a one-year total shareholder return of nearly 10 percent, exceeding the Standard & Poor’s 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average. Over longer timeframes, we continue to compare favorably to those indices. With a long-term management focus, our company has remained a solid investment choice for decades. (For more details, see the 2011 Business Segment Highlights on pages 4 and 5.)
FOrCes shaping health Care
As we look ahead, we see three major forces shaping the health care environment: macroeconomic conditions, the role of government payers and regulators, and industry trends. Clearly, each poses continuing challenges. But inherent in each are also opportunities ... and we are seizing them.
• Macroeconomic conditions: Slowing economic growth, the uncertainty in financial markets, high unemployment and pressure on health care costs have all contributed to constraints on health care spending.
These dynamics are balanced by demographic trends that
are creating demand for health care. Populations in the developed world are aging rapidly, and we consume more health care as we grow older. Global expansion and growth, though slower than a few years ago, also lead to growing demand for health care, especially in emerging markets.
Our investments continue to be aligned with these market opportunities to address unmet medical needs. Cancers, mental health disorders, diabetes, heart disease, stroke, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV are all among the most significant diseases—and they are markets where today we either have leadership or are increasing investments to gain leadership.
• Government payers and regulators: As health care reform evolves around the world, governments are requiring more cost-effective health care solutions.
We recognize these priorities and are making investments in personalized medicine and companion diagnostics, especially in the areas of oncology and anti-psychotics, that are geared toward how we can better target treatments, monitor results and be more efficient in product development.
As the regulatory environment has become much more intense, we share a common goal with regulators: saving lives, easing people’s suffering and addressing unmet medical needs with meaningful innovations. We support strong regulatory environments that ensure patient safety while enabling the fast and efficient approval of potentially life-saving medicines and treatments.
• Industry trends: Bringing new innovations to market requires significant investments, access to the best minds and talent, and adaptability to ever-changing markets.
It is more important than ever for companies to be agile, collaborative and able to thrive with new business models.
We have always looked to complement our development efforts with acquisitions and collaborations that help us
gain new capabilities or provide access to technology, products and compounds that we can accelerate to market. The collaborations in Alzheimer’s disease with Elan and Pfizer, and in HIV with Gilead Sciences, Inc., are just a few of our promising ventures.
Well pOsitiOned FOr grOWth
Overall, Johnson & Johnson is well positioned to address these evolving market forces and opportunities:
• Because of the ways we are delivering meaningful innovations to patients and customers;
• Because of the steps we have taken to build a more agile company; • And because of our commitment to the operating model and
   NET SALES
(in billions of dollars)
$61.1 $63.7 $61.9
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
DIVIDENDS PAID PER SHARE
(in dollars) $2.250 $1.930 $2.110
$61.6 $65.0
(in dollars) $4.78 $4.57 $4.40
$3.63
               2007 2008 2009 2010 2011
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011
$3.49
$1.620 $1.795
 2 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

  values that have enabled such a consistent track record of success.
aChieving meaningFul innOvatiOn
We have learned there are many paths to achieving meaningful innovation. For us, the first step is to identify the significant unmet need and market opportunity where we believe Johnson & Johnson can make a difference for patients.
We first look for areas where we have capabilities, insights and unique advantages that can shape the opportunity. Then we search both inside and outside our companies to find the latest science and research to address these needs. In addition to our own R&D, we use strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, acquisitions and venture capital investments to give us insight into and access to the next big breakthrough. Finally, we leverage the breadth of our resources in development, supply chain, marketing and sales to bring these innovative products to market.
Our Pharmaceuticals business has followed this model with its pursuit of better treatments for hepatitis C and cardiovascular disease. For hepatitis C, which infects about 170 million people worldwide, we partnered with Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. on the development of telaprevir. It was approved in 2011 and is now being marketed as INCIVO® in Europe.
Also in 2011, we partnered with Bayer Healthcare on the development and launch of XARELTO®, for prevention of deep vein thrombosis in knee or hip replacement surgery and for reducing the risk of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.
Other times, we may choose an acquisition to broaden our portfolio with a new capability or to gain entry into a new piece of the market with a technology we don’t have in our own pipeline. That was the case with the REVIVETM SE Device, the innovative product that helped save Mrs. Wecker’s life, which came to us through the acquisition of Micrus Endovascular LLC in 2010. It is now an important new option in the treatment of ischemic stroke.
In the case of the Fibrin Pad, we started out as strategic partners with Israel-based Omrix Pharmaceuticals Ltd., working to solve unmet medical needs in surgical bleeding. As the collaboration developed, we determined that an acquisition would allow us to better manage the complex development and intricate regulatory filings necessary to achieve success for this convergent product, which is anxiously awaited by surgeons.
Another approach is to use our broad base of businesses and expertise to tackle a disease state on multiple fronts. Diabetes is one example. We can offer devices like blood glucose monitors and insulin pumps; develop new drugs, as we are with canagliflozin; and help patients and consumers achieve healthier living through our Consumer Wellness & Prevention business and nutritional products such as SPLENDA® Sweeteners.
Operating With agilitY On a Base OF strOng values
Just as important as the way we innovate is the way we operate. We have focused on improving our operations to reflect our commitment to delivering high-quality products and to adapt to the rapidly evolving marketplace.
Beyond meaningful innovations and agility, the foundation of our decades of sustained growth remains an unwavering commitment to our operating model and values.
The tenets of Our Credo provide a clear focus for how we
approach each decision: patients and customers first, then our employees, our communities, and our shareholders.
The last few years have offered significant challenges, but our commitment to Our Credo has remained the foundation of our response. It provides a common set of values that hold together our approximately 118,000 employees in 60 countries and more than 250 operating companies.
Our responsibility as a global citizen is rooted in Our Credo. For more than 125 years our innovations and philanthropy have touched the lives of billions of people, particularly in areas of the world where access to basic health care is a challenge.
In 2011, we were honored to be recognized by the United Nations as Humanitarian of the Year for our work in this regard. We reported strong progress in the inaugural year of our five-year pledge to help save and improve the lives of 120 million women and children annually in developing countries as part of the United Nations Millennium Development Goals.
We are proud of this and the many other programs driven by the passion of our employees and hundreds of equally passionate partners around the world.
Our COmmitment tO YOu
It has been an honor and a privilege to serve as your Chief Executive Officer for these past 10 years. Our success in developing outstanding leaders from within Johnson & Johnson is reflected in the selection of Alex Gorsky as the next CEO to lead our great company forward, effective on April 26, 2012, the date of our Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The decision involved a rigorous, thorough and formal multi-year process.
Alex is an experienced and disciplined leader who will take the reins of our company during a turbulent time for health care but a very promising time for Johnson & Johnson.
I can assure you, our shareholders, that Johnson & Johnson will continue to shape and lead the future of health care. We will do this by delivering meaningful innovations to patients and customers, building a more agile business to seize new market opportunities, and remaining committed to a proven operating model and set of values, embodied by Our Credo, that make all of us proud.
Thanks to the extraordinary achievements and dedication of our people, Johnson & Johnson is better positioned today than at any time in recent history to deliver sustainable growth for you, our loyal shareholders.
William C. Weldon
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
March 14, 2012
1 Excludes special items.
2 Free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 72.
  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 3
