  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
ToOur Shareholders
Improving the health and well-being of people around the world is a vital and important business. It is perhaps the world’s most meaningful business and, for that reason, attracts exceptional people who are capable, skilled, and possess a genuine passion for making a difference in people’s lives. As the world’s most comprehensive and broadly based health care company, Johnson & Johnson is privileged to play a role in helping millions of people be well . . . and stay well.
In 2006, thanks to the passion, hard work and ingenuity of our people, we introduced hundreds of significant new products and line extensions across the enterprise. Many advances were discovered or invented by Johnson & Johnson scientists and further developed by our R&D organizations. Among them: new NEUTROGENA® and AVEENO® skin care products featuring a patented breakthrough in long-lasting protection against the sun’s harmful UVA rays . . . a new diagnostic test from Veridex, LLC that allows doctors to know, during
breast cancer surgery, whether a woman’s cancer has spread to her lymph nodes . . . new implant technology from
DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. that enables adults previously
  “Thanks to the dedication of our people in advancing human health and well-being, Johnson & Johnson delivered solid 2006 financial results while taking aggressive steps to position the corporation for future growth.”
WILLIAM C. WELDON
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
 considered too young for hip replacement to preserve
bone and return to active lives . . . and a new medicine from Tibotec Therapeutics Division of Ortho Biotech Products, LP that offers hope to many treatment-experienced HIV patients who thought they were running out of options.
And this is just a small sampling of the new products introduced in 2006.
At the same time, our focus on growing our broad base in human health care led to significant acquisitions across the enterprise, including Pfizer Consumer Healthcare, which solidified our position as the world’s premier consumer health care company. Six key acquisitions in medical technology further strengthened our position as the world’s largest and
  NET SALES
(in billions of dollars)
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
DIVIDENDS PAID PER SHARE
       $36.3
$2.74
$47.3 $41.9
$50.5
$53.3
(in dollars)
$2.06
$3.73 $3.35
(in dollars)
$1.095 $0.925
$0.795
$1.455 $1.275
        2002 2003 2004 2005 2006
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006
$2.29
  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 1

 most broadly based medical devices and diagnostics company, where we hold the No. 1 or No. 2 position in most of our major franchises.
In pharmaceuticals, we strengthened our virology business with the U.S. launch of PREZISTATM (darunavir)
for patients diagnosed with treatment-resistant HIV and continue to build a pipeline of products targeting some of the world’s most difficult-to-treat diseases. We also signed several important licensing agreements that position us for growth
in therapeutic areas—such
as oncology, diabetes and hepatitis C—where serious unmet needs exist and where the science is rapidly evolving.
Thanks to the dedication
of our people in advancing human health and well-being, Johnson & Johnson delivered solid 2006 financial results while taking aggressive steps to position the corporation for future growth. Worldwide sales grew to a record
$53.3 billion, a growth rate of 5.6 percent with operational growth of 5.3 percent.
Net earnings as adjusted of $11.1 billion grew by
9.2(1) percent,onceagainoutpacingsalesgrowth.Weachieved solid earnings growth in a year of slower sales growth by continued focus on productivity and cost management.
Adjustedearningspershareof$3.76grewby10.9(1) percent, a higher rate than earnings due to completion of our $5 billion share repurchase program announced in March 2006.
STRONGGROWTHOPPORTUNITIES Therehasneverbeenamore exciting time to be the world’s most comprehensive and broadly based health care company. Our products and services bring high value; they are in increasing demand; and the progress of science is opening new horizons for improving human health and well-being.
Demographic and geographic trends will drive even stronger demand for all categories of health care products in the years ahead. Much of the developed world’s population
is aging, with an expectation of maintaining a full and active life. Furthermore, the rapid growth in demand for health products and services in developing nations is creating a global expansion opportunity, especially for companies like ours
that have the capacity to execute in many markets. Our products are sold in over 175 countries, making us ideally suited to capitalize on this trend.
Equally important, the science of health and well-being
is evolving rapidly, thanks in part to the wealth of information flowing from sequencing of the human genome. Moreover, scientific breakthroughs outside of biology—in materials science, electronics, computer science and other technologies that underpin science-based health care solutions—are
 Opportunity for
scientific innovation —including innovation
through technology convergence—has never been more promising, especially for broadly based companies with the capacity to adopt and commercialize new technologies quickly.
also advancing at an unprec- edented pace. This means
that opportunity for scientific innovation—including innovation through technology convergence—has never been more promising, especially
for broadly based companies with the capacity to adopt and commercialize new technologies quickly.
Of course, systemic increases in demand create countervailing social forces, including pressure on health care budgets, political pressure for access to and affordability of health care services and products, demand for low-cost alternatives, increasing competition and challenges
to intellectual property.
These forces impact virtually
all participants in the health care marketplace.
Our approach to addressing these underlying challenges is
to find the right path with all of our stakeholders to sustainable long-term growth. At Johnson & Johnson, for over 60 years Our Credo has focused our people on our responsibilities to a wide range of stakeholders: customers, patients, family members, employees, communities and shareholders. We have been long acquainted with the need to find win-win propositions with stakeholders all around the world. We also understand that solid financial returns will come from doing this well.
AWINNINGFORMULAFORGROWTH Johnson&Johnsonisaunique company. And in a world in which change is the only constant, Johnson & Johnson is an enduring company.
Our uniqueness goes well beyond the exceptional long-term financial results we have delivered for many decades. It derives from management philosophies that define our unique business model and have guided us through extraordinary changes in the science and economics of human health over much of the past century. We are:
· Founded on shared values embodied in Our Credo. · Broadly based in human health care.
· Decentralized in the way we operate the business.
· Managed for the long term.
Followed over time, these strategic principles are the source of our enduring strength and our ability to adapt and flourish in a dynamic, ever-evolving industry. They encourage successful operation of our businesses for both the near
and the long term.
The chart on the next page shows the exceptionally consistent sales growth we have attained over the longer term. In 2006, we logged our 74th consecutive year of sales increases, our 23rd consecutive year of earnings increases adjusted for special charges and our 44th consecutive year of dividend increases. This is a record matched by very few, if any, companies in history.
  2 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

                                                                                                                                            $60
$50
$40
$30
$20
$10
JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES
Sales 1946–2006 (Dollars in Billions)
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                        1946 1956 1966 1976
1986 1996 2006
 2006
2005
2004
% CHANGE 2006
% CHANGE 2005
Sales to customers (in millions)
$53,324
$50,514
$47,348
5.6%
6.7%]
Net earnings (in millions)
$11,053
$10,060
$8,180
9.9%
23.0%]
Percent return on average shareholders’ equity
28.3%
28.2%
27.3%
-
-]
Diluted net earnings per share
$3.73
$3.35
$2.74
11.3%
22.3%]
Cash dividends paid per share
$1.455
$1.275
$1.095
14.1%
16.4%]
Market price (year-end close)
$66.02
$60.10
$63.42
9.9%
(5.2%)
  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 3
We believe that our strategic principles, which have
served us well in the past, are even more relevant to our future growth prospects as we look ahead to the strengths that
will be required in an environment characterized by historic levels of rising demand and increasing economic and
political complexity.
OURCREDO:OURSTRATEGICFOUNDATION Thefoundationofour principles is a deeply held common set of values embodied in a 64-year-old document called Our Credo (see back cover). Robert Wood Johnson II wrote Our Credo just before Johnson & Johnson became a publicly traded company, and since that time it has guided the actions of Johnson & Johnson people at all levels and in all parts of the world.
Put simply, Our Credo challenges employees to put the needs and well-being of the people they serve first. It asks supervisors and colleagues to treat fellow employees with respect and dignity. It spotlights our responsibilities to the communities in which we live and work as well as to the world community of which we are a part. It says that our final
 responsibility is to our stockholders and concludes by saying that when we operate our business according to the responsibilities embodied in Our Credo, “the stockholders should realize a fair return.”
Our Credo is the connective tissue that allows us to manage this broadly based, highly decentralized company for the
long term. With Our Credo as the foundation, our three other strategic principles give us many distinct advantages.
STRENGTHINOURBREADTH Sincethe1920s,whenwebegan
to diversify beyond hospital products, Johnson & Johnson
has been fully committed to being broadly based in human health care. Today, we have leadership presence in three distinct segments of the health care industry: consumer health care; medical devices and diagnostics; and pharmaceuticals. Being broadly based in three diverse segments of health care has helped us sustain consistently superior performance for Johnson & Johnson shareholders through the years. When one portion of our business has experienced strong growth, another may require stepped-up investment for future
 
  2006 SALES BY SEGMENT
(in billions of dollars)
$53.3 TOTAL
Pharmaceutical
$23.2 44%
Medical Devices & Diagnostics
$20.3 38%
Consumer
$9.8 18%
  RESEARCH EXPENSE
(in millions of dollars)
$5,344
$7,125
$6,462
   2004 2005 2006
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
(%)
8.4
S&P 500 Index
S&P Pharmaceutical Index S&P Health Care Equip Index Johnson & Johnson
      11.7 7.8
12.0
  10-YEAR COMPOUND ANNUAL GROWTH RATE
 growth. A downturn in economic conditions in one health care segment may be offset by growth in another segment.
Even more important, our breadth offers four key advantages that enable us to elevate our performance.
First, because of our closeness to customers—our strong partnerships with scientists and professionals across so many fields within human health and across so many geographies —we can identify and rapidly capitalize on the most attractive business opportunities emerging in human health. When
we spot an emerging opportunity, our breadth enables us to quickly deploy the necessary resources to develop it.
Second, breadth allows for strategic transfer of knowledge, new technology, talent and capabilities internally across business platforms and across business segments. Several examples of strategic transfer of knowledge across business platforms and business segments are highlighted in the following pages in the stories about the people behind some of the innovative products introduced in 2006.
Third, our breadth also gives us a clear advantage in converging technologies. Increasingly, breakthrough innova- tions in new or adjacent markets are enabled by careful integration of multiple technologies. Our people are accus- tomed to working within and across our business segments to incorporate technological breakthroughs that achieve impor- tant innovations for customers. It’s like having access to the know-how, proprietary information and technology resources of many companies, but all within our own corporation.
Finally, our breadth also allows us to leverage scale in
an increasingly competitive global environment. Through efficient application and deployment of resources around the globe, we’ve been able to optimize our cost infrastructure, particularly in areas such as manufacturing, finance, procurement and information technology.
STRENGTH IN A DECENTRALIZED APPROACH The decentralized manner in which we operate our businesses marries the best qualities of smaller companies—an entrepreneurial drive for growth and close proximity to customers—with the resources, know-how and investment capital of a Fortune 50 company.
This strategic approach gives us many advantages over a centralized operation. One is a strong sense of ownership, entrepreneurship, agility and accountability seldom seen
in large multinational corporations. The leadership and employees of our 250 operating companies around the world are intensely competitive. We look to the leaders of our decen-
tralized businesses to grow their businesses faster than their competitors. They are driven to innovate . . . to bring greater value to the marketplace through internal discoveries, applica- tion of new science, technology, in-licensing and acquisition.
We believe our decentralized approach to running the business yields better decisions—in the long run—for patients, health professionals and other customers, because the decision-makers are close to their customers and are in a better position to understand their needs.
Finally, our decentralized approach to managing the business is a tremendous magnet for talent, because it gives people room to grow and room to explore new ideas, thus developing their own skills and careers.
STRENGTHINAFOCUSONTHELONGTERM Wemanageourbusiness as a marathon, rather than a sprint. This too is a source of enduring financial strength.
Managing our business for the long term keeps us focused on the underlying performance of our business. While conscious of ongoing performance in all time frames, we focus on keeping our businesses healthy for the long term.
This forces us to anticipate and capitalize on change, to look at the future of our businesses through many different lenses—through the eyes of new customers, new markets, new technologies and new fiscal realities. A desire to capitalize on changes in the global health care environment that favor consumer-driven health care was part of our rationale for acquiring Pfizer Consumer Healthcare.
Managing our business for the long term leads us to intensify investments as needed to maintain our leadership positions in key growth markets.
A long-term view enables us to take prudent risks on innovative ideas and completely new ways of doing things —new and better products and alternative therapeutic approaches, novel technologies, new and better manufacturing processes. Some of these long-term investments—such as our investment in Veridex’s fledgling cellular- and molecular-level diagnostics platform—have the power to potentially transform the practice of medicine (see page 14), just as our initial investment in Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. over 15 years ago
led a revolution in minimally invasive surgery.
Managing for the long term enables us to make smarter
acquisitions that deliver long-term shareholder value. We are willing to take on important, challenging work, often requiring sustained efforts, in order to achieve significant—and possibly
   4 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

 transformational—outcomes. The long view also gives us the courage to walk away from the negotiating table when we believe the price tag on an acquisition will not deliver a strong long-term return on the shareholder’s investment.
Managing for the long term also
entails careful evaluation of the long-term prospects for each of our businesses.
We regularly evaluate our business and product portfolios; we make tough decisions to curtail projects and sometimes divest entire businesses.
Finally, managing for the long term— along with our shared value system—has helped earn us a reputation as a company that is worthy of trust. Being trusted opens doors to opportunities and growth. It opens doors to prospective business partners with new product ideas and new technologies . . . doors to research institutions working
on the health advances of tomorrow.
It opens doors to policy makers and advocacy groups who want to hear our perspective on improving the health care system in their countries (see stories on pages 10 and 22).
Managing our business for the long term allows us to focus on shaping our future rather than simply reacting to change.
CONSUMERHEALTHCAREHIGHLIGHTS 2006was a momentous year for our consumer health care businesses. The completion of the acquisition of Pfizer Consumer Healthcare (PCH) in December solidified our position as the world’s premier consumer health care company, extending our leadership from 13 to 22 consumer health categories. We have the world’s most diverse consumer health portfolio of large and sustainable platforms for growth.
With approximately half of PCH sales
outside the U.S., the acquisition also expands our reach into attractive high-growth markets. It brings us growing and enduring brand names that complement our own portfolio of strong and iconic brands. It broadens our oral health care business into a significant franchise with more than $1 billion in sales. Further, it transforms our over-the-counter (OTC) business, nearly doubling its size and solidifying our position as the worldwide leader in non-prescription medicines.
The acquisition substantially diversifies our OTC portfolio and provides entry into high-potential categories such as smoking cessation.
Strategically, this acquisition is vitally important, as the market for consumer health care products becomes increasingly attractive. Several demographic and social shifts favor increased demand for consumer health products. Consumers are taking greater interest in and responsibility
  OUR FOUR STRATEGIC PRINCIPLES
Managed for the Long Term
Decentralized Approach
Broadly Based in Human Health
Founded on Shared Values
Founded on Shared Values The foundation of our strategic principles is a deeply held, common set of values embodied in a 64-year-old document called Our Credo. (See page 3.)
Broadly Based in Human Health Being broadly based in three diverse segments of health care has helped us sustain a consistent superior performance for Johnson & Johnson shareholders through the years. Even more important, our breadth offers four key advantages that enable us to elevate our performance. (See page 3.)
Decentralized Approach The decentralized manner in which we operate our businesses marries the best qualities of smaller companies with the resources, know-how and investment capital of a Fortune 50 company. (See page 4.)
Managed for the Long Term Managing our business for the long term keeps us focused on the underlying performance of our business. While conscious of ongoing performance in all time frames, we focus on keeping our businesses healthy for the long term. (See page 4.)
for their own health and well-being. Throughout the world, they are turning to OTC medicines and other non-prescription solutions to meet their health needs. Higher levels of dispos- able income in developing nations are creating increased demand for consumer health products in regions with
large populations.
Over and above the PCH acquisition, it was another good year for our consumer health care businesses, which reached nearly $10 billion in sales. In total, our consumer health businesses introduced more than 400 new products and significant line extensions, helping to drive total sales growth of 7.5 percent (see 2006 Year in Review: Consumer Health Care on pages 24–25).
We believe the PCH acquisition, along with our access to scientific knowledge and technologies flowing from our pharmaceuticals and medical devices and diagnostics
  CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 5

  businesses, will position us to continue as the world’s leader in scientifically based, professionally endorsed consumer health care products.
PHARMACEUTICALSHIGHLIGHTS Theoverallenvironmentfor
the pharmaceutical industry continues to be challenging throughout the world, as downward pressures on pricing and reimbursement continue and patents on multibillion-dollar products—including some of our own—face expiration in the coming years. Nevertheless, 2006 was a good year for our pharmaceuticals businesses. Actions we took early in the
 Tablets, JURNISTA® Prolonged-Release Tablets (hydromor- phone HCl), PREZISTATM (darunavir) and IONSYSTM (fentanyl iontophoretic transdermal system). We also received approval for several significant line extensions for key products in major markets, including RISPERDAL® (risperidone) in the U.S. for the treatment of irritability associated with autism and REMICADE® (infliximab) in the U.S. for the treatment of chronic severe plaque psoriasis and for pediatric Crohn’s disease. In addition, we received authorization from the European health authorities to restore subcutaneous administration of
EPREX® (epoetin alfa)/ERYPO® (epoetin alfa) for anemia in patients with chronic kidney diseases.
In mid-2005, we communicated to the investment community plans to file or secure approval of between 10 and 13 new prescription medicines by the end of 2007. I’m pleased to report that we remain on track to meet that goal.
We fortified our pharmaceutical pipeline—already more robust than at any point in our history—by adding four
new compounds through strategic licensing agreements. These include two potential insulin sensitizers for treatment of diabetes, an oncology compound and a novel protease inhibitor for treatment of hepatitis C.
During 2006, we reorganized our pharmaceuticals business to create three franchises: one focused on diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) and internal medicine (IM), a second focused on biotech, immunology and oncology (B.I.O.), and a third focused on virology. The CNS/IM business is responsible for sustaining our leadership positions in CNS
and pain management while building new global growth platforms in antibacterials and cardiovascular disease. The B.I.O. business is responsible for further strengthening our global leadership in immune-mediated inflammatory disorders and anemia management while expanding our emerging
global growth platform in oncology. And, as indicated previ- ously, our virology business is working toward building leadership positions in a range of virologic diseases with high unmet medical needs.
MEDICAL DEVICES AND DIAGNOSTICS HIGHLIGHTS Our medical devices and diagnostics (MD&D) segment performed well in 2006. Solid organic growth coupled with strategic acquisitions across the segment position us for future growth in MD&D (see 2006 Year in Review: Medical Devices & Diagnostics, pages 29–31).
Total sales grew 6.2 percent, bringing our MD&D businesses to over $20 billion in annual revenue. We continue to be
the largest and most globally diverse medical devices and diagnostics business in the world.
Innovation continues to drive the strong organic growth of our MD&D businesses. In 2006, some 40 percent of our MD&D sales came from products introduced in the past five years.
Since the beginning of 2006, we have acquired six strategically important medical device companies. Several
are examples of our focus on complementary growth. Hand Innovations, LLC, a leader in plating technology for wrist and hand fractures, is an important addition to the fast-growing trauma business within our DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. franchise. The acquisition of Animas Corporation, a leader in insulin delivery systems, will enable LifeScan, Inc., a world leader in
 “Our shared values help us to earn trust and respect. Both are essential to a company devoted to improving the health and well-being of people the world over.” CHRISTINE A. POON
Vice Chairman, Board of Directors
 decade to strengthen our pipeline are starting to pay off. New drug approvals and a strong near-term pipeline have positioned us to mitigate some of the impact of patent expirations through the remainder of the decade.
Total sales growth of our pharmaceuticals segment was 4.2 percent, and we continued to build for future growth. We had many significant accomplishments in this business segment in 2006 (see 2006 Year in Review: Pharmaceuticals, pages 26–28).
In 2006, we received regulatory approvals to market four new products—INVEGATM (paliperidone) Extended Release
 6 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

 diabetes monitoring devices, to enter the diabetes treatment market. Even more important, this acquisition is an initial step in LifeScan’s plan to develop integrated solutions for total management of a patient’s disease.
Future Medical Systems,
SA, a company that develops,
manufactures and markets
arthroscopic systems, adds
strength to DePuy’s fast-
growing sports medicine
business with an emphasis on
minimally invasive procedures.
The acquisition of Vascular
Control Systems, Inc. by
Ethicon, Inc. adds momentum to Ethicon’s women’s health portfolio with the addition of less invasive treatment options for uterine fibroids and related symptoms.
Two acquisitions add critical mass to our cardiovascular businesses. Ensure Medical adds complementary post- catheterization closure technology for the femoral artery, but just as important, it brings critical mass to Cordis Corporation’s R&D talent pool with a premier advanced research and development facility for interventional cardiology near San Francisco. Conor Medsystems has a unique controlled drug-delivery technology that will be explored across a range of therapeutic categories. It immediately contributes to the development of next- generation technologies aimed at advancing the standard of care in treatment of cardiac and vascular diseases.
We believe the impressive number of new product intro- ductions, the many exciting products in our MD&D pipeline and the acquisitions we made in 2006—many of which bring us unique competitive advantages—will enable us to remain the world’s leader in medical technology and accelerate our growth in this exciting health care segment.
OURTHANKS Beforeconcluding,I’dliketotakeamomentto acknowledge two retiring Board members for their exceptional contributions to our Company.
First, I wish to recognize Ann Jordan, who will retire
from our Board of Directors in April 2007. Mrs. Jordan was elected to our Board 26 years ago and has brought her deep experience in health care and social services to bear in helping guide our Company, especially in her roles as chairman of the Nomination & Corporate Governance Committee, member of the Compensation & Benefits Committee and past chairman of the Public Policy Advisory Committee.
I also wish to thank our recently retired Vice
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Financial Officer, Robert J. Darretta, for his 39 years of commitment to Johnson & Johnson and his steady hand at the financial helm of this corporation during the past decade. Bob has been instrumental in helping us deliver consistent sustainable, superior performance and has been a visible and vocal proponent of our enduring strategic principles.
 Our management philosophy, anchored in the value system embodied in Our Credo, allows us to deal with the complexities of balancing short-term and long-term growth.
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU As
you read the “stories behind
the stories” of some of our key 2006 business developments
on the following pages, I trust you’ll see why we believe human health is such an exceptional business and why the type of people attracted to this business—and specifically
to Johnson & Johnson—are driven by more than an ordinary desire to serve and succeed
in business.
We remain highly optimistic about future growth prospects for our business of improving human
health and well-being, based on unprecedented demographic, geographic and social trends.
As the most broadly based and comprehensive company in this field—one with a well-balanced portfolio of businesses in consumer health care, medical devices and diagnostics, and pharmaceuticals—we will harness the benefits of increasing demand while continuing to work closely with various stakeholders throughout the health care system.
Our management philosophy, anchored in the value system embodied in Our Credo, allows us to deal with the complexities of balancing short-term and long-term growth.
Based on the outlook for growth in health care and our confidence in our strategic approach—including the unique benefits of our broadly based health care businesses—we are committed to delivering capital-efficient, profitable growth by:
· Participating in the fastest-growing segments of human health care
· Building and sustaining leadership positions based on superior science and innovation
· Managing our businesses to achieve superior rates of return for our shareholders
The real strength of this corporation is and always has been our people . . . their talent, their drive, their passion and their aspirations to make a difference in this world. These traits enable us to bring forward innovations that improve the lives and well-being of people all over the world. These same traits— embodied in the character and quality of our people—have also helped us deliver superior performance to our shareholders and will continue to be the source of our enduring success in the future.
William C. Weldon Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
March 14, 2007
(1)Excludes in-process research and development and the Guidant acquisition agree- ment termination fee. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, page 80.
   CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 7
