    As I reflect on the year that just passed,
and the decades since the founding of
Johnson & Johnson in 1886, I can say without
hesitation that the year 2009 was one of the
most challenging in our history. Faced with
significant patent expirations worth nearly
negative impact of currency was 2.6 percent. Adjusted earnings were $12.9 billion1, and adjusted earnings per share increased
1.8 percent1. We also generated free cash flow of approximately $14.2 billion2. Achieving these results in a year when operational sales were essentially flat reflects outstanding efforts by our leadership teams to manage their businesses and contain costs.
During 2009, Johnson & Johnson delivered a total shareholder return of
11.3 percent. This was a strong performance, although a lower rate of return for one
year than some of our comparative indices. Over two and three years, we outperformed the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard & Poor’s 500 and other drug and health care indices. This reflects solid perfor- mance during the recent market downturn,
$3 billion in sales, the most severe global Financial Highlights: 2009 vs. 2008
economic downturn many of us have ever
experienced and increased competition
across our markets, our people delivered
%
Total Company 2009 2008 Total
reSsaulelsts that were as impressive as any we
$61.9B $63.7B (2.9%
have ever achieved. Fundamental beliefs
Adjusted Earnings* $12.9B $12.9B
embedded in Our Credo guided their
Adjusted EPS* $4.63 $4.55 1.8%
decisions and actions.
Free Cash Flow ** $14.2B $11.9B
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
To Our Shareholders
 We delivered on our financial commit- ments, continued to pursue long-term growth
W i l l i A M
C .
W e l D O N
opportunities, and emerged stronger and
*Non-GAAP measure; excludes IPR&D charges and other special items
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
**Non-GAAP financial measure: defined as operating cash flow less capital spending; estimated as of 1/25/10
well-positioned for sustainable growth. Through all this, the people of
Excerpt from Roslyn email, 2/14/10
Johnson & Johnson remained inspired and united by a common purpose: caring for others. More than ever, we know that caring
when we retained more relative value than these indices. Over the longer term, Johnson & Johnson continued to outperform most stock indices in total shareholder returns.
2009 HigHligHts While managing short-term challenges,
we took important steps for sustainable growth and an expanded leadership position in health care.
·
 Tom,
for the health and well-being of people is not only an outstanding bMusyinceossmbumt aemnitsionththatetrcuhlyatortusch&esglirvaeps.hs:
2 0 0 9 R e s u lt s When 2009 began, we set expectations for financial Dividends per share is $1.930.
results anticipating the business and economic challenges, including a forecast of our first reported sales decline in 76 years. Thanks to the diligence of our people and disciplined management focus, 2009 results were at or above most expectations.
We strengthened core businesses and invested in the launches of a number of recently approved innovative products. R&D investments from the last several years are coming to fruition in exciting and meaningful ways, and in 2009 we invested another $7 billion in R&D.
Worldwide sales were $61.9 billion, a decrease of 2.9 percent from 2008. Operational results declined 0.3 percent, and the
Change
Ops
) (0.3%)
   NET SALES
(in billions of dollars) $61.1
$50.5 $53.3
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
DIVIDENDS PAID PER SHARE
$63.7
$61.9
(in dollars) $3.35 $3.73
$4.57 $3.63
$4.40
(in dollars) $1.455
$1.275
$1.795
$1.930
    2005 2006 2007 2008 2009
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009
$1.620
            CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 1

 · In addition to advancing pipelines through internal develop- ment, we continued to acquire, invest in and collaborate
with other companies to generate new platforms for growth. Since the beginning of 2008, we have made eight major acquisi- tions and invested in several strategic transactions. Recent highlights include the acquisitions of Cougar Biotechnology, Inc. for oncology, and a key compound from Elan Corporation, plc for Alzheimer’s disease. We formed strategic alliances with Crucell NV for vaccines and Gilead Sciences, Inc. for HIV therapies. In 2010, we acquired Acclarent, Inc. for minimally invasive sinus surgery.
· We also continued to expand our global presence, including building operations and expanding our reach in the BRIC countries—Brazil, Russia, India and China—and other fast-growing developing markets.
· And we continued to play a role in helping to shape health care policy around the world, given our broad perspective on the sector.
The future of health care is promising and exciting. It is not, however, without ongoing challenges that must be addressed. Development costs are increasing. Changes in patient and con- sumer behaviors, as well as constrained health care budgets, are lingering effects from the economic downturn.
As we assessed this evolving global environment in 2009, we concluded that restructuring our organization was needed to ensure sustainable growth. This included the necessary plan to eliminate approximately 7,500 positions, by far the most difficult decision of the past year. However, our actions will increase efficiency and make additional resources available for investment in long-term growth platforms and new product launches. We began implementing these restructuring plans shortly after our announcement in November 2009 and are continuing in accor- dance with the required consultation procedures in each market.
MOviNg AHeAD Every difficult period brings with it a correspond- ing opportunity for growth. Despite a challenging year, we are stronger today than we were a year ago. We have outstanding new products, robust pipelines and talented people working in a streamlined organization with more resources for growth.
In addition to our strengths, we see favorable trends in the health care market:
· The global health care market is expected to grow almost
5 percent per year over the next five years. With our broad base of businesses, we participate in about one-third of this overall market. And we are focused on some of the fastest growing seg- ments in health care. In fact, many segments where we compete are growing as fast as, or faster than, the overall market.
· Many nations, such as China, India and Brazil, are increasing access to care for their citizens. While progress is still under way, there are sizable growth opportunities for companies like Johnson & Johnson that are deeply immersed in these markets and the health care needs of their people.
· And finally, our expertise and business strategies are aligning with many evolving trends in health care—including personalized medicine, comparative effectiveness, wellness and prevention, companion diagnostics and biomarkers— many of which you will read about in the following pages.
 Of course, we must meet additional challenges ahead. The effects of the economic downturn, such as high unemployment rates and decreased access to health care, shrinking hospital budgets and avoidance of out-of-pocket costs for discretionary health care purchases, present hurdles for our industry. These, coupled with the rising costs of regulatory requirements— such as larger and more costly clinical trials—create a dynamic health care environment that requires disciplined action
for success.
I believe that the brightest and most innovative health care companies—with dedicated, focused people who care about the business of caring—will thrive in this evolving and still-changing environment. Johnson & Johnson is one of these companies.
gROWtH PRiORities Johnson & Johnson has tremendous assets for growth: our people, products, pipeline and global presence.
At the foundation is Our Credo, a common set of values unifying our approximately 115,500 people around the world, and an operating model that has served us well for decades. Our unwaver- ing operating model includes a commitment to being broadly based in health care, a decentralized management approach that keeps our people close to customers, managing for the long term and a focus on people and values. Our businesses rely on Our Credo and our operating model to provide a consistent framework for decision-making while leaving specific strategies to local business or franchise leaders, who are closest to the customer.
Within our strategic framework we galvanize our organization around high-level business priorities that reflect the changing global environment. These provide leaders with a common set of growth priorities. For 2010, these include:
· Innovative Products: Our growth has always been based on scientific innovations that serve unmet patient and customer needs in a meaningful way. This has created market leadership positions in many of our businesses. We will stay focused on bringing forth innovative, accessible and effective products— and entirely new business models—that address the most prevalent health care needs.
· Robust Pipelines: Johnson & Johnson has one of the most robust product pipelines in our history. The multitude of opportunities necessitate that we target, invest in and manage its development. A mix of internal and external sources will sustain a flow of new products that provide a competitive advantage. We fully expect the new products coming from today’s pipeline to accelerate the proportion of our sales driven by newer products.
· Global Presence: As a global health care leader, we must continue to expand our presence and execute strategies in an appropriate way for diverse markets and customers. Our approach will be strategic, effective and cost-efficient to address local needs. This may mean relating to customers in new ways, tailoring product innovation to market needs or building health care capacity. For Johnson & Johnson, this also means a special focus on high-growth emerging markets such as the BRIC countries.
· Talented People: The hallmark of Johnson & Johnson is our talented people. They are passionate about winning in the marketplace and making a difference in people’s lives. I believe we have some of the best talent in the health care industry.
2 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

 Our ability to develop, challenge, motivate and reward a diverse workforce is our cornerstone for sustained growth.
The people in our Medical Devices and Diagnostics, Pharma- ceuticals and Consumer segments have consistently delivered against plans for growth. These segments are each market leaders, with No. 1 or No. 2 positions in many of their businesses. In fact, 70 percent of sales are from products with leading market share positions, with approximately one-fourth of sales last year coming from new products introduced in the past five years.
MeDiCAl DeviCes AND DiAgNOstiCs The Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) franchises comprise the world’s largest medical technology business, with 2009 sales of $23.6 billion, an increase of 4.2 percent operationally. Four of the seven franchises had solid sales gains during the past year. Tougher competition for drug-eluting stents and tighter out-of-pocket spending on products like contact lenses and diabetes test strips pressured sales in our Cordis Corporation, Diabetes and Vision Care franchises.
Growth products spanned a range of treatment categories, including wound care products and biosurgicals from Ethicon, Inc.; energy technology and the REALIZE® Adjustable Gastric Band-C from Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.; artificial joints, spine and sports medicine products from DePuy, Inc.; and new products from Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc.
Several products introduced new standards of care for the medical devices industry. CARTO® 3, from Biosense Webster, Inc., gives physicians a detailed three-dimensional view of the heart so they can treat cardiac arrhythmias, including atrial fibrillation.
The SURGIFLO® Hemostatic Matrix Kit, our advanced flowable hemostat for use in a broad range of surgical procedures, is the first product launch from the acquisition of Omrix Biopharma- ceuticals, Inc. and an example of technology resulting from the combination of our medical device and biologics expertise.
Our Vision Care franchise continued the global rollout
of 1·Day ACUVUE® TruEyeTM, the world’s first daily disposable silicone hydrogel contact lens and an exciting breakthrough in contact lens technology. We anticipate introduction in the U.S. in 2010.
MD&D also strengthened its portfolio through several recent strategic acquisitions. These included Acclarent, Inc. in the ear, nose and throat surgical space; Finsbury Orthopaedics, Ltd. in hip implants; and Gloster Europe, a developer of innovative area-decontamination technologies to help prevent health care- acquired infections, a growing global concern.
The pipeline is strong with promising new products such as SEDASYS® System, the first computer-assisted personalized sedation system, and the PINNACLE® CoMpleteTM Acetabular Hip System, the first ceramic-on-metal hip replacement. Both products received favorable recommendations from U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Advisory Committees in 2009.
In addition to new product introductions and robust pipelines, MD&D continually expanded its global reach, particularly in emerging markets, with research and development centers, professional training centers and manufacturing facilities.
PHARMACeutiCAls Our Pharmaceuticals segment, with sales
of $22.5 billion, represents the world’s seventh largest pharmaceu- tical business and fourth largest biotech business. The segment
  STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK
  OPERATING MODEL
bROADly bAseD iN HuMAN HeAltH
MANAgeD FOR DeCeNtRAlizeD tHe lONg teRM APPROACH
PeOPle AND vAlues
BUSINESS PRIORITIES
      iNNOvAtive PRODuCts
glObAl PReseNCe
RObust PiPeliNes
tAleNteD PeOPle
  strategic Framework for sustainable growth
The source of our enduring strength is a fundamental commitment to Our Credo and an operating model that has served us well for decades. High-level business priorities reflect the changing global environment and provide leaders with a common set of growth priorities. Our strategic framework has delivered enduring performance and, we believe, will continue to provide long-term value for our shareholders.
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 3
C
R
U
O
R
E
D
O

  Medical Devices and Diagnostics segment sales
sales by Major Franchise (in billions of dollars)
2009 Sales: $23.6 billion
Sales Change
Total: 1.9% Operational*: 4.2%
ETHICON®
ETHICON ENDO-SURGERY®
$4.5 4.8%
   $4.1 7.3%
ORTHO-CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS®
$2.0 6.6%
VISION CARE
$2.5 0.2%
 DIABETES CARE
$2.4 (3.7%)
$5.4 4.6%
DEPUY®
CORDIS®
$2.7 (10.3%)
 Pharmaceutical segment sales sales by Major Product (in billions of dollars)
2009 Sales: $22.5 billion
Sales Change
Total: (8.3%) Operational*: (6.1%)
ACIPHEX®/PARIET®
$1.1 (5.4%)
CONCERTA®
   OTHER
$7.6 6.6%
TOPAMAX®
$1.2 (57.9%)
RISPERDAL® CONSTA®
$1.4 8.9%
Consumer segment sales sales by Major Franchise (in billions of dollars)
2009 Sales: $15.8 billion
Sales Change
Total: (1.6%) Operational*: 2.0%
OTC PHARMACEUTICALS & NUTRITIONALS
$5.6 (4.5%)
ORAL CARE
$1.6 (3.4%)
$2.1 (4.5%)
DURAGESIC®
$0.9 (14.3%)
LEVAQUIN®/ FLOXIN®
$1.6 (2.6%)
PROCRIT®/ EPREX®
$2.2 (8.7%)
$1.3 6.3%
  RISPERDAL®
$0.9 (57.7%)
REMICADE®
$4.3 14.8%
  WOMEN’S HEALTH
$1.9 (0.8%)
  WOUND CARE/ OTHER
$1.1 9.4%
   *Operational excludes the impact of currency
BABY CARE
SKIN CARE
$3.5 2.5%
experienced an operational sales decline of 6.1 percent in 2009, reflecting the loss of nearly $3 billion in sales due to losing market exclusivity for RISPERDAL® (risperidone) and TOPAMAX® (topiramate). Excluding the impact of generic competition, pharmaceutical sales increased by approximately 7 percent operationally.
This growth was driven by larger products, including REMICADE® (infliximab), for the treatment of a number of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases; CONCERTA® (methylphenidate HCl) Extended-release Tablets in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD); and RISPERDAL® CONSTA® (risperidone) Long-Acting Injection, an atypical antipsychotic administered every two weeks for the treatment of schizophrenia or the maintenance of bipolar 1 disorder. Promising newer products continued their positive growth
trajectory, such as PREZISTA® (darunavir) in HIV; VELCADE® (bortezomib), for multiple myeloma, developed in partnership with Millennium: The Takeda Oncology Company (we have rights outside the U.S.); INVEGA® (paliperidone), a once-daily atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia or acute schizoaffective disorder; and INTELENCETM (etravirine), for
HIV combination therapy.
Our pharmaceutical pipeline is one of the most robust in our
history. We launched five newly approved drugs in 2009: SIMPONITM (golimumab) and STELARATM (ustekinumab) in immunology; NUCYNTA® (tapentadol) Immediate Release Tablets for pain relief and INVEGA® SUSTENNATM (paliperidone palmitate) for the treatment of schizophrenia; and PRILIGYTM (dapoxetine) in select countries across the world in sexual health. In addition, we continue to expand our core products with new indications, a practice we have done well historically. For example, REMICADE® now has 15 FDA-approved indications across a broad spectrum of immune system disorders.
Our future pipeline is promising. An important product in registration is rivaroxaban, which we are co-developing with Bayer HealthCare AG. Rivaroxaban is a novel oral anticoagulant that may prevent a host of thrombotic conditions, including venous thromboembolism and stroke in atrial fibrillation. It is being evaluated in five different indications. And we have important compounds in Phase III clinical trials, including treatments for diabetes, prostate cancer and Alzheimer’s disease.
Building on our already strong pipeline, we engaged in acquisitions and innovative agreements and collaborations with companies that offer potentially significant advances in patient care. These include a potential first-in-class treatment for slowing the progression of Alzheimer’s disease (Elan Corporation, plc);
a potential universal monoclonal antibody product for the treatment and prevention of influenza (Crucell NV); an HIV therapy with a single combination pill (Gilead Sciences, Inc.);
and a potential breakthrough in prostate cancer (Cougar Biotechnology, Inc.).
While strengthening its pipeline, our Pharmaceuticals business expanded geographically, with a focus on emerging markets. We have been expanding our sales reach in China; maintaining a strong manufacturing footprint in China, Mexico and Brazil; and developing our R&D presence in emerging markets like India and China by establishing an R&D operation in Mumbai, an R&D head- quarters in Shanghai and a collaboration with Tianjin Medical University Cancer Hospital on biomarker research.
 4 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

 CONsuMeR Our Consumer business continues to distinguish itself with science- based innovation, proprietary technologies and recommendations by health care profes- sionals. We are the premier consumer health care business. Over a billion people around the world count on our consumer products for themselves and their families.
In 2009, Consumer sales were $15.8 billion, growing 2 percent operationally despite a soft economy. Operational sales increased in the Skin Care, Women’s Health, Oral Care and Wound Care franchises, with growth in several product lines, including NEUTROGENA®, AVEENO®, LISTERINE® and SPLENDA®. Innovation in iconic brands is a cornerstone of our Consumer business. In 2009 we launched LISTERINE® TOTAL CARE in the U.S. and AVEENO® NOURISH+ Hair Care, among others.
We also developed new ways of doing
business. Noteworthy developments include the opening of
the first NEUTROGENA® store, in Mumbai, India; the expansion
of skin iDTM, an online personalized acne solution sold directly to consumers; and the selling of products on home shopping channels.
More than half of Consumer sales come from markets outside the United States. Deep consumer insights into local markets and relevant product introductions drive global expansion, particu- larly in developing markets. Recent acquisitions continue to fuel global growth, such as the thriving DABAO® brand in China, Vania Expansion SNC in Europe and LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS®, expanding beyond its French heritage into new markets.
tHe CHANgiNg u.s. HeAltH CARe lANDsCAPe The health care landscape has changed at an unprecedented pace over the past few years and will continue to evolve.
As the health care debate unfolds in the United States and other markets, Johnson & Johnson supports reform that expands access to care, improves the long-term sustainability of the U.S. health care system and builds on the best aspects, including incentives for medical progress. We believe that appropriate reforms can both improve patient care and create growth opportunities for health care companies.
Johnson & Johnson is well-positioned for a changing landscape. We remain focused on adding value to the health care system, developing programs that promote wellness and creating better solutions for chronic care. We remain true to who we are, motivated by the goal of providing meaningful innovations that benefit society.
A CitizeN OF tHe WORlD We care in ways that can change the world. Beyond our medical breakthroughs, we are committed to the people and causes that need our support. We work with hun- dreds of partners worldwide to make life-changing and sustainable differences in health care. When natural disasters strike, such as the earthquake in Haiti, we work with our partners to provide cash as well as products from across our businesses.
Our philanthropic efforts globally focus on saving and improving the lives of women and children, building health care capacity and
 Our enduring business model, the strength
of our current products, pipelines that have never been more robust,
a strong balance sheet and a growing global presence provide
the critical ingredients for sustained leadership.
preventing diseases. At Johnson & Johnson companies worldwide, our people make a difference in their local communities. Putting others first reminds us that Johnson & Johnson people can transcend whatever challenges come our way.
As world citizens, we continually
make strides to enhance the sustainability of our facilities and packaging. This year, our annual report is more environmentally friendly. We have adopted 100 percent post-consumer recycled paper for the inside pages, reduced the number of printed pages and developed an online version, accessible at www.investor.jnj.com/2009annualreport. We invite you to join our sustainability efforts by electing to receive next year’s annual report and shareholder materials electronically. A tear-off card at the end
of this report provides easy-to-follow instructions.
OuR COMMitMeNt tO yOu To you, our shareholders, I commit that Johnson & Johnson will be a leader in health care. We have led many firsts for the health care industry: the first antiseptic bandages, the first soft disposable contact lenses and the first coronary stent, among others. And we will continue this leadership tradition well into the future. We are a company that is deeply committed to what we do and to the people we serve.
Our enduring business model, the strength of our current products, pipelines that have never been more robust, a strong balance sheet and a growing global presence provide the critical ingredients for sustained leadership. Most important, the people of Johnson & Johnson carry on the Company’s legacy with an inspiration of caring that passes from generation to generation of employees.
For all these reasons, I remain confident that Johnson & Johnson will lead in health care, drive important innovations for customers and patients, and achieve long-term, superior rates of return for you, our loyal shareholders.
William C. Weldon
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2010
(1) Excludes purchased in-process research and development and other special items. (2) Free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending.
 See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, page 68.
 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 5
