TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 Johnson & Johnson achieved record financial results in 2005 and made further progress in preparing
for future growth. Worldwide sales grew to a record $50.5 billion, a growth rate of nearly 7 percent,
with operational growth of 6 percent and a positive currency impact of 1 percent.
Adjusted net earnings for the year were also at record levels, with net income growing at 13.3 percent to $10.5 billion and diluted net earnings per share increasing 12.9 percent to $3.50(1).
An improvement in mix toward higher margin prod- ucts, productivity increases driven by cost containment efforts, and positive interest and other income all helped drive impressive earnings growth.
Our cash flow from operations in 2005 continued to be strong at $11.9 billion. In light of this, we increased our quarterly dividend to shareholders for the 43rd consecutive year, this year by nearly 16 percent to $.33. Even with this significant increase, we ended the year with a very strong net cash position of $13.5 billion, providing us the resources to continue important business building investments.
A year ago I reported to you our excitement about the prospect of broadening our presence in cardiovascular devices through the acquisition of Guidant Corporation. We extended considerable effort throughout the year to conclude this transaction. Unfortunately, a combination of adverse developments in Guidant’s business and competition for the asset forced the price to a point where we concluded it was no longer in the best interest of our shareholders to pursue this business opportunity. Nonetheless, we remain committed to strengthening our business in this important therapeutic category.
Elsewhere, aggressive investment in the future con- tinued unabated. We were successful in advancing our future growth through a series of smaller but nonetheless important acquisitions described later in this letter. And, across the business we invested $6.3 billion in research and development, a $1.1 billion increase, or more than 21 percent, above our 2004 investment.
The men and women of Johnson & Johnson are to be recognized for their strong performance this past year. They remain the engine that drives our business forward. They make it possible for Johnson & Johnson to continue to touch people’s lives in a more meaningful way, as the
stories in this year’s annual report relate. Each of our businesses plays an important role in this regard. Let me provide a few examples.
The Medical Devices and Diagnostics segment per- formed exceptionally well this past year, with strong growth in both revenue and profitability. The segment’s strength was broadly based, with five of the seven Medical Devices and Diagnostics franchises growing sales at double-digit rates. The businesses in the segment aspire to a compelling vision: Restoring the joys of life for patients by establishing standards of care.
As we have pursued this vision over the last decade, our Medical Devices and Diagnostics businesses have harnessed the power of science and technology to enhance the diagnosis and treatment of disease across a broad range of medical and surgical specialties.
 William C. Weldon Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS PAGE 1
  
 For example, DePuy, the world’s leader in joint reconstruction and other important orthopaedic areas, is focusing on less invasive and more durable, motion-saving solutions. iOrthopaedics, DePuy’s computer-assisted navigation platform, affords greater surgical precision and improved outcomes in minimally invasive procedures.
In interventional cardiology, Cordis’ innovative product solutions are addressing cardiovascular disease, the world’s leading cause of death. CYPHER® Sirolimus-Eluting Stent is now the world’s market leader, building on the most credible library of clinical evidence on outcomes and safety to win preference among interventional cardiologists.
Other examples like VICRYL® Plus, the world’s first and only antibacterial suture, and Veridex, our diagnostic business focused on cancer cell detection at earlier stages of disease, demonstrate how product innovations continue to advance standards of care.
Robert J. Darretta Vice Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Financial Officer
Key business building acquisitions in the Medical Devices and Diagnostics segment will continue to be an important source of future growth. Last June, we acquired Closure Medical Corporation, a global leader in biomaterial-based medical devices, and in January, we added Hand Innovations LLC, bringing leading technology in the fastest-growing segment of the global extremities market. Just last month, we concluded the acquisition of Animas Corporation, an insulin delivery company that will operate as part of our successful LifeScan business and will strengthen our ability to further advance the treatment of diabetes.
For our Pharmaceutical segment, 2005 was a challeng- ing year, with growth well below historical levels. Growth was affected by the impact of generic competition for DURAGESIC® and ULTRACET®, and by negative publicity related to NATRECOR®.
Although declines in these categories largely offset the growth achieved in the balance of our pharmaceutical business this past year, our long-term record is one of strong growth that reflects our ability to bring to market medicines that address important unmet medical needs. Today, we are leaders in a broad range of traditional medicines as well as a leader in biologicals, and our capa- bilities in drug delivery enhance our position in both these important areas.
We currently have eight therapeutic areas of interest in our pharmaceutical segment, with leadership posi- tions in four of them: diseases of the central nervous system (CNS), immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, pain management, and anemia. We are focused on building global growth engines in four other therapeutic areas: virology, oncology, antibacterials and cardio- vascular disease.
In the CNS category, we have enjoyed longstanding leadership positions. In antipsychotics, we are developing new indications for RISPERDAL® CONSTA®, an injectable antipsychotic indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia, and we are in late-stage development of a further improvement in long-acting injectable technology. And, we recently filed a New Drug Application for paliperidone ER, an extended release oral formulation of our next- generation antipsychotic.
In pain management, we are excited about the potential of IONSYSTM, a novel drug/device combination
   PAGE 2 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
  
 product recently granted regulatory clearance in Europe but awaiting regulatory review in other juris- dictions. Our pain management portfolio also includes a new formulation of ULTRAM® for the treatment of moderate to moderately severe chronic pain, co- promoted in the U.S. with Biovail Corporation.
We have attained leadership in the immune-mediated inflammatory disease category with REMICADE®, which is now approved for 10 indications spanning conditions from rheumatoid arthritis to ulcerative colitis. We have
a number of important advances in this category in devel- opment, including two new molecular entities currently in Phase III development.
Virology is a relatively new area of focus for our pharmaceutical business. We are currently developing three HIV compounds, all with high genetic barriers to the development of resistant strains of the disease, all in full development. The most advanced compound is a best-in-class protease inhibitor that was filed with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European regulatory authorities at the end of 2005.
In oncology, growth drivers include VELCADE®, licensed from Millennium Pharmaceuticals, which we are commercializing outside the United States for the treatment of multiple myeloma, and two novel thera- peutics in late-stage development for patients with other forms of cancer for which few or no treatment options exist. One is YONDELIS®, a marine-derived anticancer agent being co-developed with PharmaMar, and the other is ZARNESTRA®.
In the antibacterials area, we are building our fran- chise on multiple fronts. Our 2005 acquisition of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, Inc. brought U.S. and European licenses for doripenem, a late-stage development antibiotic to treat serious hospital-based infections, while an agreement with Basilea Pharmaceutica AG gave us rights to cefto- biprole, a first-in-class broad spectrum antibiotic. Both of these important late-stage development programs have been granted fast track review status by the U.S. FDA.
Cardiovascular disease is another area of increasing emphasis for our pharmaceutical business. We are jointly developing with Bayer HealthCare a late-stage drug for the prevention of venous thromboembolism in patients undergoing joint replacement, and for the prevention
of stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Turning to our consumer businesses, where we saw continued solid growth in 2005, our strategy is based on building a portfolio of scientifically based and professionally endorsed products. It’s evident from recent results that this strategy is enabling us to better serve consumer needs while accelerating growth. More than ever, both our core heritage brands and our emerging brands are differentiated from competitors on the basis of science.
Our adult skincare product line continues to achieve strong growth. NEUTROGENA®, for example, has become one of the most highly recommended brands by dermatolo- gists and has become our first skin care brand to generate revenue of more than $1 billion annually.
JOHNSON’S® Baby, now 115 years young and still growing – delivered product innovations and geographic expansion with market entrants like JOHNSON’S® Soft line and JOHNSON’S® Soothing Naturals.
Christine A. Poon Vice Chairman, Board of Directors
  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS PAGE 3
  
 SPLENDA® Brand Sweetener is the cornerstone of our growing nutritionals category. Many people looking to reduce sugar intake, like those managing their weight or dealing with conditions like diabetes, find the no-calorie sweetener helpful.
TYLENOL®, one of our most venerated brands, has kept its vitality through offerings like TYLENOL® Rapid-Release Gels, a fast-acting formulation of a proven product. Over time, there have been more than 75 launches in the TYLENOL® line, a testament to our capacity to innovate and continuously improve iconic brands.
Looking to the future, we are excited about the range of opportunities across our enterprise to use science and technology to advance care and grow our business. At the same time, we are mindful of the challenges we must successfully address, some specific to our Company and some endemic to our industry. For example, during the balance of the decade, we will face patent expirations on our anti-psychotic RISPERDAL® and TOPAMAX® for the treatment of epilepsy and migraine prevention.
Additionally, across all of our businesses, efforts by both public and private payors to reduce health care costs will continue to increase pricing pressures on our products. We think the best way to address these challenges is by controlling costs and, perhaps even more importantly, by providing innovative products that meet important needs and are accompanied by clear evidence of both clinical and economic value.
We also recognize that such pressures are not unique to us but are affecting the global health care industry. As such, we have a responsibility to help shape the future of the health care landscape. Our perspectives on health policy are straightforward: We are champions of a health care system that provides incentives for innovation, that permits public and private health care systems to co-exist, that is characterized by strong and well-respected regulatory authorities, that is centered around the best interests of patients and consumers, that provides for physician and patient choice, and that allows these choices to be made on the basis of broadly available, well-founded, clinical and economic evidence. We have a responsibility to work with policymakers to further ensure access to care.
We are fortunate to be guided in these and other efforts by an outstanding Board of Directors. In 2005, we welcomed Michael Johns, M.D., Executive Vice
President for Health Affairs, Chief Executive Officer of the Robert W. Woodruff Health Sciences Center and Chairman of Emory Healthcare at Emory University, to our Board, where he is a member of the Compensation & Benefits Committee and the Science & Technology Advisory Committee. Last month, Charles Prince, Chief Executive Officer, Citigroup Inc., was also elected to the Board. Mr. Prince serves in a number of leading business organizations, including The Business Council and The Business Roundtable, and will be a strong addition to our Board.
We are committed to making a meaningful contribution to the advancement of health care. Our capacity to succeed and to face into the challenges of the decade are enabled by the men and women of Johnson & Johnson around the world who are dedicated to this noble cause. Through their work and the leadership of our management and directors, we are in a good position to capitalize on the high and growing demand for products that meet serious unmet medical and personal needs. Across all our businesses,
the leadership of Johnson & Johnson is looking into the future with a clear understanding of the challenges, and with excitement about the extraordinary opportunities that exist to improve the quality of peoples’ lives around the world.
William C. Weldon
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
March 15, 2006
(1)Excludes in-process research and development and a tax gain associated with a technical correction made to the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 related to the repatriation of undistributed international earnings. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP measures, page 67.
   PAGE 4 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  