 Letter to Shareholders
William C. Weldon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Strong performance across all segments of our broadly based health care business in 2002 enabled Johnson & Johnson to achieve excep- tional growth in both sales and earnings. Record sales of $36.3 billion represented 12.3% growth from 2001. Operational growth was 12.1%, with curren- cy exchange rates contributing a favorable effect, .2%, for the first time in seven years.
Record net earnings of $6.8 billion, an increase of 15.0%, excluding special charges, led to diluted earnings per share growth of 16.8%, from $1.91 in 2001 to $2.23.
Against this strong performance, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend in April 2002 for the 40th consecutive year, from $.18 per quarter to $.205 per quarter, an increase of 13.9%.
Our cash flow from operations continued to be very strong in 2002, at $8.2 billion. This is net of approximate- ly $750 million, after tax, that we invested in our various pension plans during the year to ensure their continued strength. More relevant is what we monitor as “free cash flow,” or the portion of operating cash flow that remains
 after the Company has made the necessary investments through capital expenditures to support the growth
of the business. In 2002, strong free cash flow of $6.2 billion provided fuel for a $5 billion share repurchase program, acquisitions of $.5 billion, and the dividend increase referred to earlier. We did this while maintaining the Company’s outstanding “triple A” credit rating.
Setting these results in the context of our historical per- formance, 2002 was a very good year for our Company, and was consistent with our long tradition of growth.
In fact, the last time we did not achieve year on year sales growth was in 1931, during the Great Depression. Earnings growth, too, has been remarkably consistent, with double-digit gains, excluding special charges, in each of the past 18 years.
One of the most important ways we can encourage long-term consistent performance is through invest- ments in science and technology. Indeed, the theme of our report this year, “Delivering on the Promise of Technology,” is evidence of our belief that these investments are fundamental to both sustaining and
1
   
 establishing leadership positions that permit us to deliver superior returns to our shareholders, and make a mean- ingful difference in health care for people around the world.
In each of our business segments, and throughout our worldwide operations, we face the future with opti- mism and commitment because we see many opportuni- ties for continued growth and development. We pursue this growth by managing against a set of broad princi- ples: maintaining a broadly based health care business, stressing a decentralized system of management, and managing for the long term on a foundation of values as espoused in Our Credo.
Our extraordinary record of consistent performance is a result of our broad base in human health care. Increasingly, we emphasize collaborations across our technology plat- forms that will enable proprietary positions. The CYPHERTM Sirolimus-eluting Stent is a promising example of the col- laborative outcomes we can achieve. At the same time,
we recognize the potential to seize opportunity through both external licensing arrangements and strategic acqui- sitions. In the second quarter, we completed the acquisition of Tibotec-Virco N.V. of Belgium, an organization focused on developing anti-viral treatments, and early this year
acquired OraPharma, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company. The recently announced agreement to acquire Scios Inc., a California-based company with a product
to treat congestive heart failure and an important biophar- maceutical pipeline, is further evidence of this strategy.
We hope to conclude this acquisition in the second quarter of this year.
Our decentralized management system is also reflected in our strong performance, as it gives us focus and a sense of ownership in local markets through dedicated and empowered management groups. They can quickly pursue local avenues of opportunity.
We focus on managing the Company for the long term; that sustains our performance because it emphasizes investment for the future and the importance of true inno- vation. In 2002, we invested $4.0 billion in research and development, 10.2% more than in the previous year.
Since 1999, in our pharmaceutical companies alone, the research and development staff has grown more than 50%, to 6,700. Recently, we announced the pending acquisition of 3-Dimensional Pharmaceuticals, an outstanding organi- zation that will be a strategic complement to our pharma- ceutical discovery and development research capabilities.
 James T. Lenehan,
Vice Chairman and President
  2

 We are also engaged in a three-year capital invest- ment program begun in 2001 of more than $500 million in worldwide research and development across all our business segments. We are making major enhancements and additions to our facilities and to our information technology infrastructure so as to accelerate our ability to bring new products to market — to deliver on the promise of technology.
Finally, but no less significantly, we sustain our consis- tent performance through a culture that is based on a strong system of values. We expect the highest standards of ethical behavior throughout our global organization, achieved when each of us assumes responsibility for lead- ership and integrity. We are guided in that pursuit by Our Credo, the embodiment of our values, which has now been in place for 60 years.
This four-part strategic business model — broadly based in human health care, decentralized, managed for the long term, on a foundation of strong values — has served us well, yielding an enduring record of consistent growth and performance. It continues to light our way into the future.
In terms of business performance, 2002 was a successful year for Johnson & Johnson, with pharma- ceuticals once again the largest and fastest growing
of our three business segments. Worldwide pharmaceu- tical sales grew 15.5%, with operational growth of 14.8%. Importantly, our growth in this area reflects the performance of a number of key products. PROCRIT®/ EPREX®, for the treatment of anemia, continued to realize new potential around the world, although the entry of a key competitor in the U.S. market will man- date increased focus on clinical and competitive advan- tages going forward. Other strong performers were RISPERDAL®, an antipsychotic, for which we have now filed an application for use as a treatment for bipolar disorder; REMICADE®, a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn’s disease, which is now being reviewed for other indications in immune-mediated dis- eases; DURAGESIC®, a transdermal patch for chronic pain; ACIPHEX®/PARIET®, a proton pump inhibitor for gastrointestinal disorders which was approved in 2002 for two additional indications, symptomatic gastroin- testinal reflux disease and the most common cause of peptic ulcers; and TOPAMAX®, an antiepileptic, for which we have now filed for monotherapy treatment and for the prevention of migraine headaches in adults.
During the year, the Company also received U.S. Food
 and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for LEVAQUIN® for an additional indication for the treatment of nosocomi- al pneumonia, the second most common hospital-acquired infection. And, extending leadership in the contraceptives market, we launched ORTHO EVRA®, the first contracep- tive patch, and ORTHO TRI-CYCLEN® LO, a new low-dose oral contraceptive.
But 2002 was not without product challenges. In Europe, in a small subset of the patients taking EPREX subcutaneously for chronic renal failure, and some tak- ing other erythropoietins, we saw the rare but serious occurrence of Pure Red Cell Aplasia, an immune response. Based on our continuing investigation of the issues, we implemented a labeling change for EPREX that provides patients with important information about the safest method of administration. While we recog- nize the potential effect on the growth of EPREX as a result of our actions, our urgent priority is to ensure the safety of patients who rely on this product.
Our Medical Devices and Diagnostics segment, the leading medical device business in the world, repre- sents 34.7% of worldwide sales, and saw operational growth of 12.9% in 2002. Strong sales growth was achieved across our major areas of business, including the Cordis circulatory disease management products; DePuy orthopaedic joint reconstruction and spinal products; Ethicon wound care, surgical sports medicine and women’s health products; LifeScan blood glucose monitoring products; Ethicon Endo-Surgery minimally invasive surgery products; Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics professional diagnostic products, and Vistakon dispos- able contact lenses.
The CYPHER Sirolimus-eluting Stent from Cordis, a great example of collaboration between our devices and pharmaceutical segments, is now available in more than 50 countries around the world, with FDA approval in the United States hoped for soon. Although the reim- bursement system in Europe has constrained growth to some extent, we are pleased with the level of market acceptance for this product. This is a breakthrough tech- nology that will have a significant impact on the health and well-being of patients.
Other developments included the FDA approval of VICRYL® Plus suture from Ethicon, the only suture with an antibacterial coating to reduce the potential for surgi- cal site infection; the acquisition of Obtech Medical AG, which markets Europe’s leading treatment for morbid obesity, and its integration into the Ethicon Endo-Surgery
3

 two Board members who will retire in April —
Dr. Maxine Singer, a member of the Board since 1991, and Robert Wilson, who most recently served as Senior Vice Chairman of the Board. Bob’s contribu- tions, first to our pharmaceutical businesses and later to our Corporate management and Board direction, were instrumental to our growth over the last decade and will be greatly missed.
We begin another year with enthusiasm. These are exciting times. We move ahead with an agenda focused on key strategic imperatives — the development of innovative product solutions, collaborations across our broadly based health care business, flawless execution, and leadership. We acknowledge the great heritage on which we stand but see the promise of the future yet to be fulfilled. As we build on that foundation, we move from strength to strength, recognizing the enormous dedication and power of our workforce now more than 108,300 strong. We are grateful for their efforts and for the continued allegiance of you, our shareholders. Together, you give us confidence that we can harness, and indeed deliver on, the promise of technology to improve health care.
 business; and a favorable FDA panel recommendation for the INDEPENDENCETM iBOTTM Mobility System, which we hope to bring to market in 2003.
The Vision Care franchise had an outstanding year, particularly with the broad acceptance of ACUVUE® 2, further penetration in the Japanese market of 1-DAY ACUVUE®, and the growing popularity of ACUVUE® 2 COLOURSTM tinted contact lens.
Our Consumer segment continues to deliver solid per- formance, representing 18.1% of total sales and achieving 2002 operational growth of 4.6%. The combined skin care businesses of NEUTROGENA®, AVEENO®, CLEAN & CLEAR® and RoC® saw strong growth, particularly through an emphasis on superior science and technology, as did the nutritionals category, most notably SPLENDA® no-calorie sweetener, now a market leader in the
table top sweetener category and an ingredient in more than 2,000 brands sold in more than 30 countries, and VIACTIV® calcium chews. The new BAND-AID® Brand Liquid Bandage helped the wound care franchise achieve strong growth, and is one more example of collaboration on a proven technology — in this case the prescription device DERMABOND® Topical Skin Adhesive — and its adaptation for a new market application.
Against this backdrop, we are confident that we are well positioned for the future. Our performance in 2002 is evidence of our shift in recent years to businesses more firmly rooted in science and technology — higher margin, proprietary businesses that offer opportunity for sus- tained profitable growth. We will continue to seize these competitive advantages, to capitalize on opportunities that offer the promise of better health care for people around the world.
The strength of our leadership, and the diversity of experiences and background they bring to our organiza- tion, are key to our continued success. We thank our ded- icated Board of Directors for the counsel they provide in this regard. In April 2002, we welcomed David Satcher, M.D., Ph.D., to the Company’s Board of Directors.
Dr. Satcher, the former Surgeon General of the United States, is Director of the National Center for Primary Care at the Morehouse School of Medicine. With regret, we accepted the resignation of John Snow, who has been named to the Cabinet position of Secretary of the Treasury of the United States. We appreciate the guidance he pro- vided since 1998 as a member of our Board, and we wish him well in service to the country.
We acknowledge the outstanding contributions of
  William C. Weldon Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
President
March 12, 2003
  James T. Lenehan
Vice Chairman of the Board and
4
