To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2004 was a very satisfying year. Our continued focus on performance, along with strengthening market conditions in most of the commodity markets affecting our customers, combined to create both fiscal 2004 improvements and expected additional gains in fiscal 2005. The strength in commodity markets is reflected by our new orders increasing more than 50% in fiscal 2004 to just over $1.9 billion. Strength in new orders was experienced in all of the major markets we serve. This strength affected both aftermarket and original equipment orders. In particular, original equipment orders accounted for 44% of new orders in fiscal 2004, a dramatic increase from the level of 26% of total orders in fiscal 2003. Strength in fiscal 2004 was also evident in the emerging mining markets of the world. Total revenues for the year from these markets exceeded $135 million, a significant increase from less than $50 million annually as recently as three years ago. New orders in Russia were very strong and our order backlog for shipments into Russia stood at over $70 million at the end of fiscal 2004. Nevertheless, China remains by far the most significant of the emerging market opportunities for Joy Global. China continues to drive coal production upward while also converting their mining industry to high-productivity mining methods. The creation of a number of new mining "entities" early in fiscal 2004 has already resulted in a flurry of activity and tenders for mining equipment. Orders from China totaled over $150 million in fiscal 2004. We continue to believe that China has the potential to offer significant growth in our total revenues in future years, and that we should enjoy double-digit revenue growth from the emerging markets for a number of years. Our efforts in the areas of operating improvements and asset utilization continued in fiscal 2004. Despite significantly higher steel costs and higher costs for certain employee fringe benefits, we were able to improve our gross profit margins by more than 10% in fiscal 2004 to a level of 26.7% and our operating earning margins to more than 7.5% from less than 4% in the prior two years. These improvements were a result of actions taken in prior years to rationalize our manufacturing operations along with other ongoing efforts to improve operating efficiencies. In addition to these operating improvements, we reduced our average working capital as a percent of sales to just over 23% in fiscal 2004, from a level exceeding 27% of sales two years earlier, a very strong performance by our employees in the face of pressures on working capital caused by the current cyclical upturn. We believe that continuing our performance improvements is critical to achieving the value for our shareholders that we have targeted for future years. We also continued our focus on cash flow in fiscal 2004. Cash balances grew by about $80 million for the second consecutive year. In fiscal 2004 this increase occurred even after voluntary contributions to our defined benefit plans totaling $90 million. With this strong cash performance, Joy Global now has more cash on hand than total debt, a "zero net debt" position for which we have been striving. The directors of Joy Global continued to return some of this cash flow to our shareholders, increasing our quarterly dividend by 50% both in February 2004 and in December 2004, following the end of our fiscal year. Achieving continued performance improvements in fiscal 2005 will require significant effort on the part of the employees of Joy Global along with the support of our customers and suppliers. We are confident that this Continuity of Performance will be achieved. As of the date of this letter, our expectation is that our revenues in fiscal 2005 will increase by more than 20%, operating income should increase by at least 50%, and diluted earnings per share should grow by 60 to 100%. We appreciate the support of all our employees, suppliers and customers in 2004 and expect to continue to earn that support in the future.

Joy Global Inc. at a Glance
Joy Global Inc. is a worldwide leader in manufacturing, servicing and distributing equipment for surface mining through P&H Mining Equipment and underground mining through Joy Mining Machinery.

John Hanson Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

