dear customers,
employees and shareholders
Nordstrom is not a faceless company. It includes our salespeople, department managers, store managers, merchants, support personnel, and our board of directors—all working together to achieve sustained improvement in our results by providing better service to our customers. Ours is not a one-quarter, two-quarter, or even a 2003 story. It’s a story focused on constantly striving to be better, supported by a well-established culture: competitive and empowering, challenging and supportive, flexible in responding to market opportunities, and unyielding in working every day to warrant the trust of our customers, employees, shareholders, and business partners.
Our progress in the past year is measured in small but meaningful steps. We set out to improve service, drive top line sales, reduce expenses, and implement our perpetual inventory system nationwide. We’re pleased to report we made progress on all four fronts. For example, comparable store sales, a reflection of customers voting with their hard earned dollars, grew 1.4 percent in 2002. We also recognize that in this challenging economic environment in which a number of retailers experienced negative comparable store sales, we made strides in regaining lost market share.
We continued to make progress in better managing expenses. Selling, general and administrative expense, as a percentage of sales, showed improvement for the second consecutive year. This expense had grown considerably in recent years relative to our growth in sales. The progress with expenses over the last two years, while modest, moves us in the right direction. Opportunities remain to become more efficient and we intend to act on them, while remaining committed to enhancing the customer experience—in our stores, through our catalogs and online.
 Blake W. Nordstrom
John A. McMillan
William D. Ruckelshaus
Bruce A. Nordstrom
10 NORDSTROM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Jeanne P. Jackson
Enrique Hernandez Jr.

 John N. Nordstrom
D. Wayne Gittinger
Stephanie M. Shern
NORDSTROM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 11
We opened eight full-line stores in 2002, the most we’ve ever opened in a single year,
in addition to four Nordstrom Racks and one Façonnable boutique. We also successfully implemented a company-wide perpetual inventory system. While we believe that no implementation is completely seamless when it comes to installing a roughly $200 million information technology system, we were able to accomplish this within the established budget and without a significant misstep. Although our perpetual inventory system is a wonderful tool, it is not the all-encompassing answer. With this technology in place, the responsibility now lies with Nordstrom employees, not the system, to make sure that ultimately our customers benefit from our stores carrying more of the merchandise they are looking for. Our technology will continue to improve in 2003 as we begin implementation of a new point-of-sale system,
which will enable our salespeople to be more efficient in sales transactions with customers.
Different trends and formats have created a stir within retail over the last few years,
from specialty stores in one period, to e-commerce in another, to discounters and increased promotions more recently. Our challenge in 2003 and beyond is to be the best Nordstrom
we can be, which we believe is an increasingly attractive niche. While we have a platform that is viable in multiple channels—full-line stores, Racks, Façonnable boutiques,
catalogs, Internet—we want to act as one company providing customers with a consistent Nordstrom experience.
Thank you for your support of this company. We look forward to continuing to move in the right direction in 2003 and we’re eager to demonstrate through our actions and results why you should continue to be associated with Nordstrom.
Alison A. Winter
For more information regarding these individuals, please turn to page 50.
Alfred E. Osborne Jr.
Sincerely,
Blake W. Nordstrom
 PRESIDENT
Bruce G. Willison
