Dearcustomers, employees and shareholders, 2010 was a terrific year that exceeded our expectations.
Our team increased same-store sales 8.1 percent in 2010 following a 4.2 percent decrease in 2009, and achieved solid earnings improvement over the prior year. We also increased sales per square foot to $397, which is now approaching pre-recession levels, though still below our peak of $435 from 2007. We turned in some of our all-time best performances on a number of fronts in 2010, including:
• Record sales of $9.31 billion.
• The fastest inventory turn we’ve ever had at 5.56, reflective of our ability to flow fresh product into our stores.
• Regular-price selling that is back to historically high levels, and shows customers are responding to the newness, quality and value of our fashion offering.
Merchandising is a core strength and a big reason for our success. Our buyers have done a great job of delivering new fashion that our customers want. Our team demonstrated thoughtful planning, sharp editing and disciplined execution throughout the year. Their hard work helped us continue to grow sales faster than inventory, maintain the balance of our offering and have the flexibility we need to quickly respond based on how the customer is shopping.
We crossed another milestone in 2010, surpassing 200 total stores. During the year, we opened three new Nordstrom full-line stores and 17 Nordstrom Racks. The Rack is a great way for us to meet new customers and delivers a high return on investment. We look forward to further growing our full-line store and Rack store presence in the coming year.
Last year we redefined the ways we serve the customer in our stores. For example, we unveiled Wedding Suites in 14 of our stores starting last November and will open four more in 2011. We also expanded our complimentary Personal Stylist program, going from 459 stylists at the start of 2010 to 777 stylists by the end of the year, with plans to further grow this service at all our full-line stores. Wedding Suites and
  
personal styling are indicative of our ability to leverage our strengths in personalized service, breadth of offering and collaboration across departments. Most important, both are helping us improve the shopping experience in our stores while increasing sales.
As good as 2010 was, we know we have more work to do. Going forward, we want to be more than just customer focused. Instead, we’re working to become a truly customer-driven organization.
This is a subtle yet profound shift. It means putting the customer in the driver’s seat and setting aside our own notions and historical preconceptions of how the customer wants to be served. It’s about empowering the customer to dictate their terms to us when it comes to all the different ways they choose to shop.
 GOING FORWARD, We WANT TO
be MORe ThAN juST CuSTOMeR FOCuSeD. INSTeAD, We’Re WORkING TO beCOMe A TRuLy CuSTOMeR- DRIveN ORGANIzATION.
This is particularly important given the extraordinary speed with which the shopping experience is changing and how customers are rethinking what service is all about. Customers have more information and choices than ever before. They have better tools and higher expectations. Customers want to do business with those retailers who understand their needs and desires and are moving at their speed. They are responding favorably to those retailers who are mobile, connected, convenient to shop with and know them regardless of channel. What’s exciting about this changing landscape
                                                                                                               is how it gives us wide-ranging opportunities to combine new tools and techniques with our culture of service to offer a highly personalized customer experience that adapts to our customers’ shifting expectations.
One of the ways we’re working to become more customer driven is by building on our multi-channel progress. We’ve long recognized that customers want a seamless shopping experience no matter which channel they shop. For several years, we’ve been developing our infrastructure behind the scenes. In 2005 we started the process of better integrating our systems. In the following years, we steadily improved our online offering and broke down the barriers between our online and store businesses. Then in 2009 we took a major step by creating a shared inventory platform and enabling all our full-line stores to fulfill online orders. As a result, our online and store inventories now work together as one to give the customer access to our merchandise regardless of location. We made multi-channel a priority because we knew it would help us improve service while leading to meaningful results.
In this same respect, our focus is now shifting to more customer-facing initiatives while still leveraging our multi-channel capabilities. We believe online and ecommerce represent our next big opportunities. Within two years, more customers will access the Internet via a mobile device than with a computer. We’re responding.
In 2010, we completed the first major overhaul of Nordstrom.com in 10 years. We introduced new navigation, more features and learned a lot from this redesign. It is helping our efforts to optimize the online experience no matter which device our customers use to shop with us.
Late last year, we also put WiFi into all full-line stores. We did this to help our customers stay connected, make it easier for them to shop using their handheld device and set the stage for better mobile capabilities in our stores. We’re now in the process of rolling out mobile checkout and equipping our salespeople with mobile devices. We will continue exploring other ways to make our sales floor more responsive to the mobile customer.

  The CuSTOMeR ReMAINS The beST FILTeR We hAve WheN IT COMeS TO eveRy DeCISION.
A couple of months ago we announced our agreement to acquire hauteLook, Inc., a leader in the fast- growing private sale market. We greatly admire and respect their team and believe hauteLook will be a terrific complement to our business. Customers are clearly responding to this online private sale model and we need to move faster and be more nimble in responding to the different ways they want to shop for fashion. hauteLook will help us do just that and offers new capabilities to help us better serve customers both now and in the future.
While our practices may change, our values remain the same. Our customer strategy continues to be a point of difference that is just as important today as it was when we first opened as a shoe store 110 years ago. At the same time, we need to think differently about how to serve the customer. This is why we believe the customer remains the best filter we have when it comes to every decision we make as a business.
On behalf of everyone at Nordstrom, thank you for your ongoing support. Sincerely,
blake W. Nordstrom Peter e. Nordstrom erik b. Nordstrom
President, Nordstrom, Inc. President of Merchandising, Nordstrom, Inc. President of Stores, Nordstrom, Inc.
   
 A notefrom our chairman.
As blake, Pete and erik shared, 2010 was a record year on many levels. During the year, Nordstrom delivered
some truly impressive results and made significant strides in its ability to take care of the customer.
Our business continues to grow with our focus squarely on serving more people, in more places and in more ways. This includes building on the company’s success as a leading multi-channel retailer by adding new capabilities and better functionality to respond to the different ways customers are choosing to shop. Additionally, the recent acquisition of hauteLook, Inc. gives Nordstrom a solid foothold in the fast-growing private sale marketplace, while also providing a platform for innovation and growth online. At the same time, we continue to look for opportunities to open more stores in top markets, both within the u.S. and with an eye toward Canada. We believe that with sound investments in technology, online, ecommerce and new stores, Nordstrom will be better able to improve service, increase market share and create shareholder value.
Since its founding, Nordstrom leaders and employees have always held themselves to the highest ethical standards in every aspect of our business. This unyielding commitment to doing the right thing has served our customers and shareholders well over the years and it is our top consideration as we develop strategy and execute day-to-day management of the business. We have great respect for the company’s legacy and, together with the management team, our board is committed to upholding this tradition of integrity and trust going forward.
An example of this commitment is our efforts to gain fresh perspectives and strengthen governance. In 2010 we were pleased to welcome two new members to our board of directors, kevin Turner and Felicia Thornton. kevin serves as Microsoft’s chief operating officer and Felicia is the u.S. chief executive officer of knowledge universe, a global education company. This May we look forward to the addition of Michelle ebanks to our board. Michelle is president of essence Communications, Inc., the leading media and communications company dedicated to African-American women. kevin, Felicia and Michelle’s combined background in retail, technology, strategy, marketing, communications and finance will further enrich an already strong board.
Looking ahead, we are excited about the opportunities in front of us. even with the success the company has earned, we believe the best is yet to come for Nordstrom. Our board is confident in the team and we wholeheartedly stand behind the company’s strategy, discipline and ongoing dedication to service.
On behalf of the entire board of Directors, thank you for your support.
enrique hernandez, jr.
Chairman
  