DEAR customers, employees and shareholders,
We’re pleased to report that 2006 was another year of strong financial performance and exciting progress for Nordstrom. Before we get into the highlights, we’d like to thank our customers for their continued support and assure you that we’re dedicating all our resources to improving the shopping experience you have
with Nordstrom in the days, months and years ahead.
Across every aspect of our business, we’re gaining a more clear understanding of how to best serve our customers. While we continue to remain true to the roots of our company, our approach to the business has evolved. Our investments in new technology and systems over the last five years have laid the foundation for more accurate decision making. Improved operating disciplines and cost controls have led to a higher return on investment. And a focus on continuous improvement by our entire team is helping us enhance the customer experience — through service and merchandise — one customer at a time.
We are incredibly proud of our salespeople, merchants and all the individuals behind the scenes who have contributed so much to our achievements this past year. Let’s review the highlights:
• Total sales increased 10.8% to a record $8.6 billion — our fifth consecutive year of same-store sales gains.
• Improving store productivity translated to a return on investment (ROIC) of over 20%, and sales of $388 per square foot on a 52-week basis.
• Our Gross Profit rate was 37.5%, which topped last year’s record of 36.7%.
• Our SG&A rate (expenses as a percentage of net sales) improved for the sixth year in a row, at 26.8%. This year our SG&A includes stock option expense.
• Our Earnings Before Taxes (EBT) exceeded $1 billion for the first time ever.
• Another milestone: due to an increase in regular price selling and improved operational efficiencies, our EBT margin of 12.9% was a record high, exceeding last year’s record of 11.5%.
• Nordstrom stock reached its highest level in our company’s history at over $57 after adjusting for splits.
 
As 2007 progresses, we grow more excited about what lies ahead for the future of our company. The milestone year of 2006 by no means signifies a ceiling in terms of growth. We believe we are uniquely positioned to grow the value of our business through some highly focused initiatives, which are: advancing current merchandise strategies within our existing product categories, improving the shopping experience across all channels and continuing to increase our presence where our customers shop.
Every merchandise strategy begins with our customers and what they want. In the last few years, we’ve taken great strides in better understanding our customer. We’ve found that there’s a great deal of opportunity to grow our sales in existing stores simply by earning a greater share of our customers’ business across multiple product categories. Our new systems and merchandising disciplines have helped us begin to tap into that business by enhancing our ability to keep inventories fresh and turn them more rapidly. Customers are responding to this “newness” across all merchandise categories, leading to impressive results in areas such as men’s, accessories, shoes and cosmetics, and improved performance in women’s apparel. A consistently strong performer in 2006 was our designer business and we’ll continue to expand the selection of designer merchandise
at Nordstrom. Our overall goal is to give the customer a compelling reason to buy something new.
Second, we need to be where our customers are shopping — whether that’s online or in stores. We’ve found that customers who start shopping online typically gravitate to our stores and those customers who shop both online and in our full-line stores purchase more merchandise. By giving customers the power to choose, and by offering a similar shopping experience in store and online, we’re providing a level of service increasingly relevant to today’s shoppers.
One example of continuing to improve the experience across channels is the upcoming expansion of our Fulfillment and Contact Center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This facility will give our team more capability to serve customers who want to purchase items over the phone, online, or in any of our stores. Another investment that will help us serve our customer better is technology that will enable our salespeople to have a single view of total company inventory.
This system enhancement, scheduled for completion in early 2008, will further expedite the search
and fulfillment process for customer requests.
Finally, given the industry consolidation impacting many of our competitors, we see tremendous potential to gain market share and grow our business. Fortunately, we are in an advantageous position to reach new customers through building stores and enhancing our current ones. We’ve recently launched a $2.8 billion capital plan,
with 80% of the dollars allocated to ”customer-facing“ issues like new stores, remodels and
relocations. The good news is that we have the resources to fund this plan, and it’s the highest value use of our capital.
 
We will continue with a disciplined approach to real estate acquisitions, adding new stores when and where they pass our criteria. Our current strategy calls for a 4–5% increase in square footage growth, with 26 new and relocated stores announced through 2011. We particularly want to take this opportunity to share with you how excited we are about the opening of our first store in the Boston area this fall at Natick Collection. We have wanted to open a store in Boston for many years. Outside of Manhattan,
it is the last major market in the U.S. where we have not had a presence; now we’ll have four stores there in the next four years. Also opening this fall will be new stores at Twelve Oaks Mall in Novi, Michigan; Cherry Creek Shopping Center in Denver, Colorado; and a new Nordstrom Rack at Southcenter Square in Tukwila, Washington.
Growth opportunities are a direct outcome of a strong performing store base — therefore, our number-one priority is to make Nordstrom the best it can be, both in terms of overall shopping experience and achieving sales potential. We believe the significant progress we’ve made is just the beginning of a tremendous opportunity to build even more relationships with our customers. By focusing on the initiatives we’ve laid out, we know there is more market share to be gained.
Our company is unique in many ways. We are especially fortunate to have the diversity of talented individuals who bring their energy and ideas every day. There’s Eulia Saurwein at our Southcenter store in Tukwila, Washington, who’s been a top-selling ”Pacesetter“ a remarkable 31 years in a row. There’s Kimberly Lucas, a 2006 graduate of our Future Nordstrom Leaders program, now the “via C” manager at our Houston, Texas store. And there’s Kristie Brousseau who, at 100 years of age, continues to bring smiles to the customers at our Nordstrom Cafe in downtown Seattle.
We’d also like to thank Ray Ahana of Hawaii, our longest tenured manager, and Hazel Martin, a shoe salesperson from Oregon, who both retired this past year after successful careers of 39 and 51 years respectively. Our summer internship program continues to grow, with about 400 energetic and diverse college students joining us this past year. Ana Jimenez, a former intern and University of Washington graduate, was recently promoted to be our Northwest Diversity Affairs Assistant. Kimiko Saito, another intern and U.C. San Diego graduate, is now our Women’s Active Manager
at University Towne Center in San Diego. As our company grows, we continue to take pride in the many people excited to build on the traditions of service and product that define Nordstrom.
As you can see, there is a great deal of optimism on our end for the future of our company. If we focus on being the best Nordstrom we can be — as we continue to evolve — there’s tremendous upside ahead.
On behalf of our executive team, we’d like to thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Blake W. Nordstrom President, Nordstrom, Inc.
     