            A notefRom ouR chAiRmAn.
Nordstrom stands out as one of very few companies that have found success over the years by earning customers’ trust through service quality.
Customer service is more than just a catchphrase or corporate initiative at Nordstrom. It is our core at Nordstrom — the fundamental value proposition, the most important competitive advantage and the top priority of every single employee. the Nordstrom team understands that its reputation for high-quality service is hard won, but easily lost. maintaining and heightening service levels require continuous improvement, humility, an eagerness to evolve and relentless focus on putting the customer first.
A customer-centric approach has driven superior financial results and shareholder value for Nordstrom. record sales, strong earnings and cash flows were achieved in 2011, and all are indicative of the benefits to this strategy. the Nordstrom organization is performing at high levels. We have enhanced the customer experience through better use of technology, increased the speed and convenience of shopping, and provided more responsive products and services. the company continues to build on its legacy of personal connections with customers by innovatively extending the service experience and meeting customers’ changing expectations in-store, online and through mobile devices. the Nordstrom board of Directors continues to make strategic investment decisions that are targeted at increasing relevancy for customers. We believe strongly that this strategy and these activities will lead to additional market share gains and higher returns over the long term.
the board also recognizes, however, that success does not come from technology alone. the people who make these capabilities meaningful to customers are fundamental to the company’s success. From the salespeople serving customers in our stores, to the team behind the online experience, to the corporate employees supporting the front line — as directors, we are confident your company is in good hands.
rest assured that the Nordstrom board is committed to managing and governing the business with the highest possible standards of integrity, and operating the company in a way that is deserving of our customers’ and shareholders’ trust. We stand firmly behind the company’s management team, and the board and management are closely aligned in support of Nordstrom’s customer-driven strategy and commitment to the highest ethical values. Your board strongly feels that, with our long and proud heritage and one of the most respected brands in the business, Nordstrom is uniquely positioned to experience continued growth and achieve superior results.
on behalf of the entire board of Directors, I thank you for your continued support.
Enrique hernandez, Jr. Chairman
      