  At Nordstrom, our #1 goal of improving customer service never changes, but we know the customer’s definition of service does. Speed, convenience, innovation and personalization have become cornerstones of the customer experience — and the bar is getting higher. We need to respond by meeting customers wherever and whenever with compelling product and the best experience possible. Good things happen when we let the customer be our guide. We may not always get it right, but this approach has served us well over the years and leads to strong results. 2012 was yet another example:
• We achieved total company sales growth of 12.1% and same-store sales growth of 7.3%. We’ve increased total sales by more than $1 billion each of the last three years.
• We reached important milestones in key areas of our business, including Direct net sales surpassing $1 billion and the Shoe division exceeding $2 billion for the year.
• We added 15 new Nordstrom Rack stores, with the Rack delivering a total sales increase of 20% and a same-store sales gain of 7.4%.
• Our Fashion Rewards® program continues to drive loyalty
and results. We’ve owned and managed our card business for over 60 years. This is a point of difference with our customers and strategically important to the service experience we hope
to offer them. In 2012, we added more than 1 million new members and saw a 23% increase in sales from the program.
• Net earnings reached an all-time high at $735 million, and our 13.9% Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) was our highest in five years.
As service expectations increase, so do our opportunities to stay relevant to our customers. That’s easier said than done in today’s rapidly changing landscape. However, we believe we have the team, capabilities and customer strategy to make it happen. We’re uniquely positioned as a 112-year-old growth company, and we’re excited about the results we can achieve by serving more customers in more ways.
PEOPLE + CAPABILITIES — Ever since our founding,
our success has been defined by empowered, knowledgeable and motivated people dedicated to serving their customers. That will never change. Our job is to build on this legacy by investing in new tools and technology to enable customers to shop however they want.
One example of using capabilities to provide better service is
mobile in our stores. We introduced mobile point-of-sale devices in all full-line stores roughly two years ago. Since then, we’ve continued to learn, adding more devices, improving functionality and rolling them out to all our Rack stores. Our City Creek Center full-line store in Salt Lake City opened last year with three times the number
of mobile devices as cash registers in the store. The functionality
on these devices is now virtually the same as our cash registers,
and we expect to be largely mobile in our stores by 2014.
  Good things happen when we let the customer be our guide.
Making people feel good is what we’re all about. Our #1 goal is
to improve customer service with new ways to inspire, empower and engage our customers.
E-commerce is surging.
We hit a new benchmark this year with over $1 billion in online sales.
           
 NEW STORES, NEW OPPORTUNITIES — There were some watershed moments in our company’s history in 2012.
After many years of searching for the right location, it was gratifying to finally be able to announce our first Manhattan full-line store. We’re still a ways out from our 2018 opening, but we’re already excited about the chance to build a flagship store on the city’s West Side. It’s our opportunity to have our best store in the best retail market in the world.
Shortly after announcing Manhattan, we shared news of our first Canadian stores. We’re starting off with four stores, beginning in 2014 in Calgary, followed by Ottawa, Vancouver and Toronto. Over time, we’d like to open more stores, including several Nordstrom Racks. We look forward to helping more customers in Canada and feel fortunate to have this chance to compete.
We also continue to find opportunities to open more full-line stores in top markets. Over the next few years, we’ll open our first full-line stores in Milwaukee, Puerto Rico and Jacksonville, while expanding our store presence or relocating in other important markets like Houston, Los Angeles and Minneapolis.
NORDSTROM RACK — Nordstrom Rack is an important part of our offering and a key contributor to our results. Our customers love the treasure-hunt experience at the Rack and the opportunity to find significant savings on many of the same great brands we carry at our full-line stores. It’s a terrific business and several years ago we made a determined effort to serve more customers by accelerating our Rack growth.
Ten years ago, we had 48 Rack stores. By the end of 2012, we had 119. Our customers’ response to our newest Racks across the country has been outstanding. We’ll continue building on this success, and plan to have more than 230 Rack stores by 2016.
E-COMMERCE — For some time, e-commerce has been the fastest-growing part of our business. We’ve been investing in this high-growth business for many years to better position us with our customers as they change the way they want to be served. These efforts continued to pay off in 2012, with Direct comparable sales growing 37% on top of last year’s nearly 30% increase. This is a dynamic area of the business that requires us to move faster and try new things. Though we made good headway, we’re still in
the early innings with e-commerce and will continue to invest aggressively in its growth.
We’re increasing online selection to have more choices from our customers’ favorite brands. Since moving to free shipping and
free returns, we’re now finding ways to get product to customers faster. In 2012, we trimmed standard fulfillment time by two days on average. We also added to the features and functionality of our site to offer easier navigation, better fit and style guides, enhanced product imagery and fresh content.
At the same time, we recognize our customers are always connected and never without their mobile device. Being a relevant shopping destination means using technology to create service experiences that reflect their way of life. A growing proportion
of e-commerce purchases occurs on our customers’ mobile devices. We’re responding by improving the information and
 Evolving to better serve our customers. We’ve created more ways to be at the customer’s fingertips, with new apps that make it easy to shop anywhere. In store, mobile devices offer customers faster, on-the-spot checkout.
Shoe love — personified.
We hit an exciting milestone, with shoe sales surpassing $2 billion in 2012.
We’re meeting more customers in new places. We’re opening our first full-line stores in Canada, including Calgary, Ottawa, Vancouver and Toronto.
        
functionality that we put at our customers’ fingertips, including the launch of our iPad shopping app and the enhancement of our smartphone apps.
We also know our customers live their lives on social media. We continue to be impressed by the growth of our communities. We’re flattered by our following on Pinterest, where Nordstrom has the largest number of followers of any Fortune 500 company. We view social media as a service tool that uniquely complements our culture of listening and responding to customers. Even as our different communities grow, what makes social media so exciting is how it gives us more platforms to engage with customers and learn from them. Our business was built on word of mouth and the more we can create an environment where customers want to share with us and each other, the more our business will benefit.
STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS — We’ve worked with
a number of partners to strengthen our product offering and add to the customer experience. We acquired Jeffrey several years
ago to help grow our designer presence. More recently, we invested in Peek to complement our Kids’ Wear offering, and also acquired HauteLook to take advantage of the rapidly growing flash-sale marketplace and develop more e-commerce capabilities.
In 2012, we teamed up with more partners to help us learn and be relevant to more customers. In April, we invested in men’s apparel retailer Bonobos, becoming the first retailer to carry their merchandise outside of their own site and shops. Last January, Jason Wu debuted his new contemporary label, MISS WU, with Nordstrom.
In September, we made a significant addition to our business by teaming up with the renowned British brands TOPSHOP and TOPMAN. They have unmatched credibility worldwide for delivering unique, trend-leading fashion at accessible prices. We’ve had great results and feel fortunate we were able to become the first large U.S. retailer to carry their product in stores and online. This partnership is helping us do a better job of offering the hottest trends while attracting more customers to shop with us.
EVOLVING WITH OUR CUSTOMERS — We feel
we’re best able to evolve and grow as a company when we put the customer first. With all the different choices customers have, it’s critical that we find ways to truly empower customers to shop with us on their terms. Even as we focus more heavily on speed, agility, technology and growth as the shopping landscape changes, we’re humbly aware that we’re only as good as the last interaction we have with each customer.
 Blake W. Nordstrom
President, Nordstrom, Inc.
Peter E. Nordstrom
President of Merchandising, Nordstrom, Inc.
Erik B. Nordstrom
President of Stores, Nordstrom, Inc.
   We’ve reduced our impact on the environment. By updating our boxes, we’re saving 400 tons of paper annually. Changes to our shopping bags save 23,000 trees each year.
More Rack stores mean more people are staying stylish on a budget. In 2012, we opened 15 new Rack stores, and we’re on track to have more than 230 by 2016.
We’re creating new partnerships.
By teaming up with exciting brands like TOPSHOP/TOPMAN and Bonobos, we’re giving customers more reasons to shop with us.
                               BRITISH STYLE CROSSES THE POND

  Improving the customer experience is the most important subject at Nordstrom. This is our team’s top priority because it challenges us to earn our customers’ trust every day, and to focus on the future. One of the advantages of this simple and constant goal is how it also creates a platform for innovation and fresh thinking as we strive to exceed our customers’ expectations.
In looking back on 2012, our Board of Directors is struck not only by the company’s impressive accomplishments for the year just past, but also by what it says about the company’s positioning for coming years. I believe our results have once again shown the benefits of investing in the people and the capabilities to deliver more of what customers want and to create more personalized experiences, regardless of channel.
2012 was a defining year, filled with a number of firsts in our company’s history. Nordstrom set another record for total sales
at $11.8 billion. As Blake, Pete and Erik mentioned, we achieved
our highest net earnings yet and best ROIC in five years. At the same time, we’re taking advantage of new growth opportunities. We plan to open our first Manhattan full-line store and multiple Canadian stores as we explore international expansion for the first time. We will double the number of Rack stores over the next four years, while continuing to drive outsized e-commerce growth.
What’s impressive about the accomplishments from 2012 is how they have come on top of the company’s sustained track record of success. The Board of Directors stands strongly behind management and its legacy of results. In fact, when today’s leadership assumed management responsibility more than 12 years ago, Nordstrom’s stock price stood at $9.00. At the end of our 2012 fiscal year,
the stock was $55.12, representing a gain of over 500%. Assuming reinvested dividends, this represents a roughly seven-fold increase in total shareholder returns over this period.
Additionally, sales have more than doubled and market capitalization has increased by roughly 400%. Nordstrom has opened 100 new stores, adding more than 9 million square feet of space. From 2000 to 2012, Nordstrom added some 17,000 people to its team, and now employs over 60,000 people nationwide. Throughout, our company has not lost sight of operating disciplines and has continued to maintain an extraordinarily strong balance sheet.
Nordstrom has also strengthened its reputation as a company
that is committed to doing the right thing on behalf of customers. The company has long understood that creating a great place to shop also requires creating a great work environment. Not only has the company consistently ranked among the best customer service organizations, but it is also one of the world’s most admired brands, earning high marks for governance, ethics and being an excellent place to work. All of this is a credit to the leadership
and integrity at all levels at Nordstrom.
While we’re proud of what we’ve achieved thus far, our Board of Directors and the company’s leadership stand shoulder to shoulder in our drive to take advantage of more growth opportunities.
With a steadfast commitment to improve service, the strongest possible values and unmatched competitive spirit, we are confident Nordstrom can continue to create shareholder value by elevating the customer experience.
On behalf of our entire Board of Directors, I thank you for your support of Nordstrom.
 Enrique Hernandez, Jr.
Chairman
   New York, New York!
In 2018, we’ll open our first full-line store in Manhattan, bringing the Nordstrom experience to the top
retail city in the world.
We’re creating new relationships through our enhanced Fashion Rewards program. Over 1 million customers joined in 2012, bringing our total to 3.3 million active Fashion Rewards members.
It’s a whole new kind of Savvy.
We’ve transformed our entire Savvy department, filling it with fast-turn, first-run fashion at accessible prices to attract new customers.
               FIRST-RUN FASHION, FAST.
THIS IS A WHOLE NEW
KIND OF SAVVY
GET ON IT
