Dear Shareowners,
2012 was an important year for Kellogg Company. While we began the year more slowly than we'd hoped, our performance gained traction quarter by quarter. By year's end, we were in a much stronger position, with improved trends across most of the business.
During 2012, we also made good progress on our strategy to continue leading the global cereal category, become a global snacks leader and increase our activities in developing and emerging markets. Our acquisition of Pringles, finalized in May, gave us a global platform for growing our snacks business, opening the door to many new opportunities. In addition, we formed a joint venture in China to help us realize the great growth potential that exists there. Today, we are excited about our future and our ability to grow, while striving to fulfill our vision to Enrich and Delight the World through Foods and Brands that Matter and our purpose of Nourishing Families so They Can Flourish and Thrive.

John Bryant

President & Chief Executive Officer

Grow Internal Net Sales

Grow Gross Profit Dollars/ Margin

Grow Net Earnings Increase Return on Invested Capital Disciplined Core Working Capital

Jim Jenness

Improve Price/Mix

Sustainable Growth

Overhead Discipline

Manage for Cash

Chairman of the Board

Drive Innovation

Grow Brand Building

Improve Financial Flexibility

Prioritize Capital Expenditure

MOVING FORWARD.

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

01

Positioned for Growth
We believe Kellogg has broad-based growth potential. We remain focused on a few core categories--cereal and snacks globally, along with frozen foods in North America. We see this focus as an advantage, given that we're in some of the world's best categories and have a strong portfolio of brands in each. Plus, although we believe in a healthy amount of stretch, we have chosen not to diversify our business to the extent that we lose sight of our unique strengths. This puts Kellogg in a solid competitive position as we work to realize our strategic objectives: expand global cereal leadership We are well-positioned to continue growing our global cereal business. Even in a market that is relatively well-developed like the U.S. there is still good growth potential. The cereal category consistently responds to brand building, innovation and health/nutrition news. We see this again and again. In the back half of 2012, for instance, we increased our U.S. brand-building spend and saw a corresponding uptick in the business. Cereal reacts equally well to strong innovation that generates consumer excitement. Krave is a perfect example. It started out as Tresor in France and proved so popular we took it to the U.K., renaming it Krave. The product was a hit there, too, so we brought it to the U.S., Canada and Mexico. The fact that cereal is such a versatile food form is another reason it has long-term growth potential. It's not just for breakfast. Ireland has the highest per capita cereal consumption in the world because many kids eat it once in the morning and again after school as a snack. Thirty percent of all cereal consumed in Mexico each year is eaten in the evening, with a nearly equal percentage enjoyed beyond the breakfast occasion in the U.S. We also see opportunities for cereal growth in the world's changing

TM

Accelerate Adult Consumption
More than ever, our cereals are becoming an adult staple--one totally on trend with grownups worldwide seeking better health and wellness. At a slim 150 to 160 calories, a bowl of cereal and milk offers a nutritious meal, and at the highly affordable price of fifty cents a bowl. Is it any wonder, then, that in the United States, older adults now consume as much cereal as children--or that we're investing substantially in innovation and brand building to drive adult consumption worldwide?

demographics. For example, the population is aging--and research shows that older adults typically eat as much cereal as kids do, particularly in markets such as the U.S., U.K. and Australia. In terms of health and wellness, we see cereal as part of the solution to the obesity epidemic, childhood obesity in particular. As research shows, kids who eat cereal tend to weigh less. It positively contributes to nutrient intake and is a gateway to milk consumption for young children. In fact, cereal with milk is a leading source of nutrients in children's diets. All in all, a bowl of cereal with milk is tasty, low in calories, nutrientdense, convenient and affordable--a near perfect food for the 21st century and an outstanding category for global growth. Mr. Kellogg foresaw this international potential of cereal and made meaningful investments overseas during the early part of the last century. In many parts of the world, the Kellogg name is synonymous with the cereal category. In addition, many of our cereal brands have been popular with numerous generations. This longevity, however, in no way precludes the potential for further growth through effective, consumer-centric brand building. For example, in 2012 we leveraged the insight that dads enjoy sharing the things they love with their kids--and dads love our Frosted Flakes --with our "Share What You Love with Who You Love" advertising campaign in the U.S. Sales of Frosted Flakes rose during the year, demonstrating the power of fresh, insightful marketing and the continued potential of our established, well-loved cereals. Grow Global Snacks Our acquisition of Pringles marked a new era in the evolution of our snacks business, as it gave us a truly global snacks platform on which to grow. For decades, we have had a snacks business primarily built around PopTarts toaster pastries, Nutri-Grain

02

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

MOVING FORWARD.

OUR STRATEGY

In 2012, we continued to execute a strategy based on our fundamental strengths, including our expanding family of megabrands, strong global opportunities, a powerful pipeline of product innovations, and people across the globe that can put all of these assets to work. As we move forward into 2013, we are executing our strategy across four tracks.

FOCUS
ON FROZEN

Kellogg has a leading share in most regions and a very strong geographic footprint on which to build. This gives us great opportunities to drive incremental growth in developed markets, and particularly strong opportunities in emerging markets, where cereal is quickly becoming recognized as a fast, convenient, affordable and enjoyable food source.

From a handful of convenience foods in the 1990s through our acquisition of Pringles in 2012, we've become a leading snacks player. This gives us an exceptional platform on which to drive growth in both established and developing markets, and on which to build a global snacks business that already accounts for more than $6 billion a year.

We have a frozen food business in North America that generates $1 billion in revenues. This business is focused on the growing and on-trend Frozen Breakfast, Frozen Veggie, and Natural/ Organic Frozen Meals segments of the broader category. As you might imagine, our businesses have also been growing very quickly driven by the introduction of value-added, innovative new products, such as new Thick and Fluffy Eggo waffles and Special K Flatbread Sandwiches. The only question remaining is how far we can expand this exciting business.

Our business in fastgrowing economies 1 reached approximately $2 billion in 2012-- up 140% since 2001. Whether through organic growth, acquisitions and joint ventures, or cross selling opportunities created by the acquisition of Pringles, our company now has exceptional opportunities to expand across regions with highly favorable demographics, from central and Eastern Europe, to Latin America, and to the Middle East and Asia.

(1) Latin America, Asia ex. Japan, South Africa, Mediterranean and Russia.

MOVING FORWARD.

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

03

PRINGLES

A SWEET DEAL BURSTING WITH POTENTIAL THAT'S STACKED IN OUR FAVOR
It's hard to imagine a better strategic fit for our company than Pringles. Overnight, the acquisition tripled the size of our international snack business and added significant potential to our already large U.S. Snack business. What's more, it gave us a global infrastructure of people and facilities focused solely on snacks and global businesses in developing and emerging markets that are posting significant levels of growth. Because these famed stacked chips are currently sold through many different channels and regions-- including some where we have little presence--the move gives us a wealth of new points of distribution, and the opportunity to expand our current offerings. At the same time, Pringles is now benefitting from our established relationships around the world. It's a perfect win...a match made in snacking heaven!

2012

TMTM

04

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

MOVING FORWARD.

cereal bars and Rice Krispies Treats bars. Then, in the 2000s, we acquired Keebler, gaining terrific brands in the cracker and cookie categories. These include the iconic Keebler brand, Cheez-It crackers and others such as Famous Amos, Austin and Murray cookies. Over the years, Keebler has proven to be a great source of growth for the company. But, while we have had this remarkably strong U.S. snacks business, elsewhere our foray into snacks was mostly limited to cereal bars and other wholesome snack offerings. Now, Pringles, as the second-largest savory snacks business in the world, provides a new source of accelerated growth. With products like Cheez-It crackers and, more recently, Special K Cracker Chips, we have been leaning into the savory snacks segment for quite some time in North America. With Pringles, we can now fully step into it. Internationally, the acquisition has for the first time given us a snacksspecific commercial and supply chain model in Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific. We now have dedicated, snacks-focused teams in place worldwide, coupled with a focused portfolio of snack brands with broad, cross-category strength. Grow in developing and emerging markets We are making good progress on our developing and emerging markets strategy. In a number of markets-- including India, South Africa and Brazil--we are experiencing strong, double-digit growth thanks to our people, infrastructure and great brands. In other areas of the world, such as Russia, Turkey and China, we have positioned ourselves for growth through acquisitions or joint ventures. We are excited about the joint venture in mainland China we entered into later in the year. We partnered with Singapore-based Wilmar International, which is one of China's largest consumer packaged-food businesses.

Kellogg is contributing its brands, marketing capabilities and knowledge of the production process, while Wilmar is bringing scale, extensive infrastructure, and expertise in China. Both our management teams are enthusiastic about the potential of this combination and the host of growth opportunities it makes possible. As with any new business of this kind, the evolution of the joint venture will be a multi-year process. We are confident that we have an excellent partner in China and that, together, we're well-positioned to grow in this important market. Focus on Frozen Kellogg Frozen Foods is a billion dollar business in the U.S., which has been growing at a high-single-digit rate over the past decade--and faster than most U.S.-based frozen food businesses recently.1 Within frozen foods, we are strongly positioned in a few key categories. Our Eggo brand, for instance, is nearly synonymous with frozen waffles, a category in which we enjoy a very high category share. Then we have soy-based meat alternatives with MorningStar Farms and Gardenburger. Kashi frozen entrees and pizzas offer consumers a betterfor-you, more natural meal solution. And we recently launched Special K Flatbread Breakfast Sandwiches.

FOCUS ON CHINA
Through a new joint venture with Wilmar International, one of Asia's leading agribusinesses, we've greatly expanded our ability to sell and distribute our brands in the world's most populous country. In the next few years, China will become the world's biggest packaged-food and beverage market, thanks to a fast-growing middle class and rising desire for convenient, affordable, nutritious choices. Cereal consumption is growing, driven by a rise in the popularity of milk. The country's snack food market, meanwhile, is now worth about $12 billion a year--a 44% jump since 2008.

Operating Principles
The entire organization is recommitted to focusing on the two principles that guide the way we operate all aspects of the business. These two principles, in combination, ensure we remain committed to increasingly profitable sales growth and the conversion of that growth into cash. Our Sustainable Growth operating principle has been used by the organization for more than 10 years and focuses us on the generation of both sales growth and increased profit.

(1)  Nielsen: 52-week data ended 12/29/12.

MOVING FORWARD.

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

05

OUR PEOPLE

Nurturing Great People Behind Great Brands
At Kellogg, we continue to invest in an engaged workforce and energizing culture, able to compete and win on an increasingly globalized playing field.
That culture was made even stronger by the addition of many new colleagues from Pringles, some of whom have taken leadership positions in our sales, marketing and supply chain organizations. While we're proud to be one of the world's great food companies, we know that our people are the source of our strength; so enabling them to make the most of their careers is in our best interest. That's why we're pleased to be frequently cited as one of the world's best places to work, whether for diversity (Black Enterprise, Hispanic Business, Diversity Inc.), careers in information technology (Computerworld), equal opportunity in the workplace (The Human Rights Campaign) or ethical practices (Ethisphere Institute).

06

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

MOVING FORWARD.

At its core is investment in innovation and brand-building activities. Brand building is simply any activity that increases the value of the brand and does not include price promotion or anything else that lowers the price of the product in question. As a result of this investment, we launch more profitable, innovative new products that are of higher value to consumers and we generate demand via advertising and other brand-building programs. As a result, consumers are pulling the product due to desire, rather than the product being pushed on them via lower pricing. In a normalized economic environment, we would expect both gross profit margin and the absolute level of gross profit to increase; in a highly inflationary environment, such as the one we have experienced in recent years, it is more reasonable to expect just an increase in the absolute level of profit. However, this does not stop us targeting higher gross profit margin in those periods as well. The generation of higher profit is important as it allows for increased investment in the following period. Also, though, it must translate over time into greater levels of cash flow. The second operating principle, Manage for Cash, keeps the organization focused on this process. We begin with the higher profit that has been generated by the Sustainable Growth principle. We carefully manage the amount of cash we have committed to core working capital and we keep tight controls on the amounts of cash spent on capital expenditures. Obviously, we do not want to starve the business of the funds necessary for growth, but we believe that investment in capital expenditure at a rate between three and four percent of net sales is adequate over the long term. We then use the cash generated to pay the dividend, which we recognize is important to investors, and to increase our financial flexibility.

The latter is achieved by repurchasing stock and reducing levels of debt. Due to the increase of debt outstanding that accompanied the acquisition of the Pringles business, our primary focus has been, and will remain throughout 2013, the reduction of the level of debt. Decreasing the level of debt outstanding and repurchasing shares both decrease invested capital. This, in combination with higher earnings, will generate greater return on invested capital over time, which is the ultimate goal of the Manage for Cash principle.

2012 Operating Results
As we noted earlier, the business results that Kellogg posted during 2012 improved sequentially as the year progressed. In fact, we ended the year with much improved growth in many regions. But, as we also noted, our year started out slowly, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, though for different reasons. In the U.S., sales declined in many center-of-the-store categories early in 2012. This was primarily due to the impact of price increases taken by manufacturers over the prior 12 to 18 months. These increases, in turn, resulted from the significant commodity inflation the industry experienced during this period. The weakness in Europe in 2012 was the result of a difficult economic environment across the region. In addition, our innovation and commercial plans didn't perform as well as expected early in the year, particularly in the U.K., our largest European business. Company-wide results In 2012, the company posted full-year reported sales growth of 7.6 percent; internal net sales growth1 was 2.5 percent. While this is somewhat lower than our long-term target rate of three to four percent, our performance did improve during the year. 1

CONNECTING WITH CONSUMERS
1 Crank up the Sounds! At the height of the music festival season, Pringles hit the scene with two great promotions--the Pringles Speaker Can, which turns an empty can into a speaker you can drive with your MP3 Player, and the Pringles Crunch Band mobile app, which turns a smartphone into a rock band instrument. At year's end, Pringles struck again with a totally out-of-this-world promotion, joining in "The Force for Fun," an exciting video competition giving fans a chance to not only express themselves, but have their idea made into a national ad.

(1)  I nternal net sales growth is a non-GAAP measure that excludes the impact of transaction and integration costs associated with the acquisition of Pringles, the impact of foreign currency translation, and, if applicable, acquisitions and divestitures. Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis within the Form 10-K included herein for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure.

MOVING FORWARD.

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

07

2 Rave for Krave! This deliciously different cereal, with its creamy, real milk chocolate center, soared in the marketplace by delivering great food and engaging teens with a fun and rebellious spirit. In 2012, Krave connected in markets worldwide, enjoying double-digit growth in Europe and jumping off to a quick start in the U.S., Mexico and Canada.

2

Our full-year reported operating profit increased by 9.5 percent; underlying operating profit 1,5 declined by 5.7 percent. This was due to continued high commodity inflation, the sales weakness discussed earlier, a limited recall that occurred in the third quarter and increased levels of investment in the business. Our long-term target is for underlying operating profit to increase at a mid-single-digit rate, or between four and six percent. Reported earnings were $2.67 per share. This included the impact of integration costs related to the Pringles acquisition and certain changes to how we account for pensions. Excluding the changes to pension accounting, earnings would have been $3.52 per share, approximately unchanged from comparable results in 2011. Our longterm underlying currency-neutral earnings per share growth2,5 target remains a high-single-digit rate, or between seven and nine percent. Full-year operating cash flow, less investment in capital expenditure, was $1.2 billion.3,5 We are pleased with this performance, which includes a contribution from the Pringles business. As mentioned, we intend to focus on reducing our debt levels in 2013. 3 Morning Foods and Kashi Our Morning Foods and Kashi business, which encompasses U.S. cereal, Kashi, Health & Wellness and Pop-Tarts toaster pastries, posted full-year internal net sales growth of 2.7 percent. The cereal business held category share in 2012, ending the year with 33.6 percent share.4 Early in the year we launched Krave cereal, one

of our most successful innovations ever in the U.S. Krave posted nearly a full point of category share in the U.S. right out of the gate and has essentially maintained that level since. In addition, our Bear Naked brand continued to deliver strong results. The Pop-Tarts brand saw increased net sales for the 30th consecutive year and increased its share of the category slightly.4 We launched several new flavors in 2012, and the return of our successful Crazy Good advertising campaign was very well-received by consumers. U.S. Snacks This business delivered a low-singledigit increase in internal net sales in 2012. In the cracker category, we posted mid-single-digit growth2 and our business benefitted from the continued strength of the Cheez-It brand and the success of Special K Cracker Chips and the third-quarter launch of Special K Popcorn Chips. Introduced in 2011, Special K Cracker Chips remained successful in 2012 thanks to the ongoing popularity of the original flavors and the introduction of two new flavors of these light, delicious savory cracker chips early in the year. Our cookie and wholesome snack businesses did less well in what have been challenging categories. In wholesome snacks, however, Special K Pastry Crisps, two bars that together contain only 100 calories, posted very strong growth as consumers who want a snack, but also want to limit calories or fat, increasingly embrace the broader Special K brand. Also, we added the Pringles brand to our U.S. Snacks business in 2012. We got off to a great start and are looking forward to more success in 2013.

3 Vote and say Cheez! Cheez-It spiced up the election season, asking consumers to vote for their Top Cheez, following online debates with a special guest, NASCAR driver Carl Edwards. The winning flavor, after more than 66 million votes? Cheez-It® Hot & Spicy. The winning voter who cast the most votes was Lesley Y., who received a four-year supply of her favorite snack and had her likeness carved into a block of cheese.

(1)  Underlying operating profit is a non-GAAP measure that excludes the impact of foreign currency translation, mark-to-market adjustments, and, if applicable, acquisitions, dispositions, and integration costs associated with the acquisition of Pringles. (2)  Underlying currency-neutral EPS growth is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the impact of mark-to-market adjustments. (3)  This is a non-GAAP financial measure in which cash flow is defined as cash from operating activities less capital expenditures. (4)  Nielsen: 52-week data ended 12/29/12. (5) Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis within the Form 10-K included herein for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure.

08

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

MOVING FORWARD.

U.S. Specialty Comprised of our vending, convenience, and foodservice businesses, this segment had another strong year posting high-single-digit internal net sales growth. This was fueled by the introduction of Special K Cracker Chips, as well as popular innovations in the frozen breakfast category. In addition, the Specialty team did an excellent job expanding distribution and points of contact with the consumer. We will continue to focus on this important, growing business in 2013 and expect another good performance. North america Other A combination of our U.S. Frozen Foods and Canadian businesses, this segment as a whole posted internal net sales growth of seven percent during 2012. U.S. Frozen Foods had a very strong year. Sales were led by the success of well-received innovation such as Thick and Fluffy Eggo waffles and Wafflers. The MorningStar Farms veggie food business also posted good growth as the category continues to do well. We expect good performance from both Eggo and MorningStar Farms again in 2013. Canada posted low-single-digit internal net sales growth for the full year, though the country's competitive environment proved challenging. Against this backdrop, we are pleased with how the new products we launched in Canada performed. As in the U.S., Krave cereal, Special K Cracker Chips and Special K Crisps all did very well, as did our Mini-Wheats Centres and Special K Granola cereals. Europe The European segment posted 3.8 percent internal net sales decline for the year. As we mentioned earlier,

this business started out slowly in 2012. This was due, in part, to difficult macro-economic conditions across most of the region. However, results were also impacted by the soft performance of our commercial programs and innovation in the U.K. On the continent, where economic conditions remain challenging, we have optimized package sizes to make some products more affordable, rolled out new innovation and relaunched certain brands to increase their appeal. Early in the year, we changed our European management structure, partially to facilitate integrating Pringles and partially to improve underlying performance. As the year progressed, our plans and pipeline of new products drove improved results. We still have work to do in what's sure to remain a difficult region, but we continue to be confident in the long-term prospects for growth. Latin America Our Latin American business posted internal net sales growth of 6.7 percent for the full year. Sales growth in the region benefitted from our relaunch of the Special K brand in 2011, as well as many other commercial activities designed to increase demand. While we faced a difficult competitive and economic environment in Mexico, our results in the balance of the region remained strong and more than offset this impact. As with most other regions, innovation was a key focus for the Latin American business and this, along with a high-single-digit increase in brand-building investment, drove the year's good results. While competitive conditions in Mexico could continue to be challenging in 2013, we expect overall regional results to remain strong. 5

4 Enjoy the gain! The Special K brand continued to strengthen its position as a leading global weight management brand, helping people worldwide discover and lead healthier, more satisfying lives. Popular U.S. touch points including the My Special K mobile app and the experiencesharing website, "What Will You Gain When You Lose?" helped consumers set goals and stay on the weight management track. In India, meanwhile, the brand was propelled by the highly successful "Second Look" campaign.

4

5 Champions of Summer We celebrated the Olympics by sponsoring Team Kellogg, with stars that include gold medal-winning swimmer Rebecca Soni, gymnast Aly Raisman and beach volleyball player Kerri Walsh. The theme: `From Great Starts Come Great Things.' Also, just in time for the Olympics, Kellogg celebrated with U.S. fans by introducing Kellogg's Team USA cereal, vanilla-flavored whole grain loops that created a new way to start the day, as well as USA Mixed Berry Pop-Tarts toaster pastries.

MOVING FORWARD.

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

09

Asia Pacific In 2012, this business--encompassing our operations in Asia, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand--posted low-single-digit internal net sales growth. The Asian business saw strong, double-digit growth rates in Southeast Asia and India as the cereal category continues to gain acceptance by consumers. Our Australian cereal performance was good. We gained category share and posted sales growth as the year progressed, largely thanks to strong brand-building programs and new All-Bran, Be Natural and Sultana Bran products. Snacks performed similarly well, gaining share later in the year with our Special K, LCMs and Nutri-Grain bars all posting solid growth.

Foods & Brands that Matter
2012 was an important transition year for Kellogg. We delivered improved performance as the year progressed and, more importantly, maintained our focus on the growth drivers in each of our categories and made significant progress executing against our strategic objectives. The acquisition of the Pringles business and the formation of the joint venture in China are the most obvious examples of this, but there are many others. We know we have the right strategy in place, we've taken decisive action to bring it to life and we're optimistic about our ability to turn potential into reality and lay the groundwork for long-term success. Of course, it is also important that we move forward by continuing to build on the powerful legacy of our founder. Mr. Kellogg would no doubt be delighted to see that now--in our company's 107th year--millions of people worldwide invite Kellogg into

their homes each day and share our foods with the people who matter most to them: their families. Consumers trust us to deliver great food--delicious, high-quality products they can enjoy and feel good about eating--as well as great experiences. Our foods and brands contribute to some of the most pleasant, memorable times in peoples' lives. This speaks to the emotional impact we have on our consumers and why they continue to choose us. Although we are most closely associated with breakfast, our products are eaten throughout the day. With our growing global snacks business, people can enjoy our products almost any time, whatever the occasion. We thank our Kellogg employees-- a global family that's more than 31,000 strong--for all their diligence and hard work over the last year. Together, we have the power to fulfill our vision and purpose, and achieve our strategic goals. Finally, we thank our shareowners for their continued confidence and support as we strive to deliver the great potential for growth that exists for Kellogg Company, today and tomorrow.

John Bryant
President and Chief Executive Officer

Jim Jenness
Chairman of the Board

10

Kellogg Company 2012 Annual Report

MOVING FORWARD.

