TM

john A. Bryant

President and Chief Executive Officer

Jim Jenness

Chairman of the Board

TM

Dear Shareowners,

We feel extremely fortunate to be a part of Kellogg Company. For more than one hundred years, the Company has remained true to Mr. Kellogg's belief in building brands that deliver great taste, nutrition and value to our consumers. And, today, our brands are recognized and loved throughout the world. Thanks to the hard work and passion of our 31,000 employees around the globe, our brands continue to be as relevant to consumers today as they were one hundred years ago.

2

Kellogg Company2010 Annual Report

Executive Leadership Change
In connection with David Mackay's retirement, the Board of Directors elected John A. Bryant Chief Executive Officer of Kellogg, effective January 2, 2011. Mr. Bryant joined Kellogg in 1998 and has been a member of the Board of Directors since July 2010. He served as Chief Financial Officer from 2002 to 2004 and also 2006 to 2009. In addition to serving in numerous leadership roles, Mr. Bryant has led both Kellogg North America and Kellogg International businesses. He was named Executive Vice President in 2002 and Chief Operating Officer in 2008.

After eight continuous years of robust growth, 2010 was a challenging year for our company against the backdrop of a tough operating environment. That said, we have a clear understanding of the issues that impacted our performance, and we are taking the necessary steps to position us well for the future. We are confident that we can regain momentum in 2011 and are excited by our long-term growth potential.

2010 Recap
In 2010, internal net sales were down 1 percent, our internal operating profit was flat, and currencyneutral EPS rose 6 percent. Over the past 10 years, our reported EPS compounded annual growth rate was 9 percent. We also delivered cash flow in 2010 of approximately $1 billion before a $467 million net-of-tax pension contribution. Through our current $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization and dividends, we maintained our commitment to return cash to our shareowners. In 2010, we purchased just slightly over $1 billion in shares and increased our annual dividend by 9 percent.

Looking across our business segments:   North America Retail Cereal experienced a decline in internal net sales in 2010, reflecting both the deflationary environment and the impact of the cereal recall on our second and third quarter performance. We are gradually seeing improved trends in U.S. cereal, and we expect better performance driven by stronger innovation, brand building and net price realization to help offset higher input costs. Our 2011 innovation pipeline represents some of our best new product launches in the last five years. Consumers are enthusiastically embracing our new 2011 offerings including Crunchy Nut and Special K Oats & Honey cereals.   North America Retail Snacks internal net sales in 2010 increased low single-digits, and we continued to grow share in Pop-Tarts toaster pastries, crackers and wholesome snacks. One of our iconic brands, Pop-Tarts, marked its 29th consecutive year of growth. Our wholesome snacks business continues to deliver growth and remains on trend with consumers' interest in healthier snacks. We are excited about our 2011 innovation, including the introduction of two varieties of Special K Cracker Chips and Kellogg's FiberPlus Caramel Coconut bars.

2010 Annual ReportKellogg Company

3

" Breakfast, lunch and dinner!"
-- Bartlett, IL

" Can't live "A family without them!" tradition."
-- Utica, NY -- Aurora, IL

Frosted Flakes

Cheez-It

Kellogg's Corn Flakes

 N  orth America Frozen and Specialty Channels internal net sales in 2010 decreased as a result of the waffle supply disruptions earlier in the year. We rebuilt the Eggo frozen products business throughout the year and saw positive momentum in the fourth quarter with internal net sales growth up high single-digits. At the end of 2010, we also introduced new innovations--Eggo Thick and Fluffy Original and Kashi waffles, as well as several varieties of Eggo FiberPlus waffles.   International had flat internal net sales growth in 2010 with Latin America and Asia Pacific's positive top line growth offsetting Europe's softer performance. During the year, our business in the United Kingdom was operating in a deflationary environment and faced difficult 2009 comparisons. We expect recently announced price increases in the United Kingdom to help offset inflation and the launch of new innovations such as Special K Clusters and Milk Chocolate Krave cereals to drive improved sales performance. In Latin America, healthy cereal performance was driven, in part, by the successful re-launch of Special K and resulted in mid single-digit sales growth. And, in Asia Pacific, strong performance from India and South Korea drove low single-digit sales growth. In Australia, our Sultana Bran Buds cereal innovation continues to perform well.

Regaining Momentum in 2011-- Investing in Our Supply Chain, Innovation and Brands
Our 2010 results were impacted by supply chain disruptions, lower levels of innovation, a deflationary cycle and tough year-over-year comparisons. Over the last year, we faced the second largest recall in Kellogg Company's history, and we experienced supply disruptions in our Eggo waffles. These events had a significant impact on both our top and bottom line in 2010. As one of the world's largest and best-known food companies, our success depends on trust--among customers and consumers--and putting our consumers' well-being first is always the right thing to do for our business. The quality and safety of our foods is our highest priority, and we are taking steps to help mitigate potential risks. We are also investing in additional capacity for Eggo waffles. In 2010 as well as in 2009, the Company focused more on renovation than on innovation--the result was that fewer new products were brought to market. 2010 innovation successes included Kellogg's FiberPlus cereal and TownHouse Flatbread Crisps, both of which were well received by the market and have achieved a solid share position. High quality

Number 1 in Key Markets
% Value Share of Ready-to-eat Cereal Category

Leader in global cereal Sales
kellogg nearest competitor
70% 60% 50% 40% 30% 20% 10% 0%
ANZ Benelux Brazil Canada Colom CAmer France Ger India Ireland Italy Japan Mex PRico SAfr Spain UK US Venez

Source: Nielsen, value share of retail sales, as of 12/31/10. ANZ includes Australia and New Zealand.

4

Kellogg Company2010 Annual Report

innovation is one of the key components to driving top-line growth across categories. For 2011, we are bringing innovation back to pre-2009 levels, and will continue to review gaps in our portfolio and share ideas across geographies to bring top performers to other markets. As we innovate, we will continue to renovate to improve the nutrition credentials and quality of the food in our portfolio. To grow our business for the long term, we must excite people through fresh ideas, new health benefits and other advances that increase satisfaction, drive affinity and build brand loyalty. Kellogg Company was founded with an entrepreneurial spirit, and Mr. Kellogg's legacy of innovation is integral to the Kellogg culture. Finally, our entire industry was impacted by deflationary pressures across the cereal industry due to the economy and widespread promotional activity. Looking ahead, we expect renewed growth in the core cereal business. For Kellogg, we expect net price realization and positive mix across the globe to drive a gradual improvement in sales performance on the top line in 2011. Brand building, along with innovation, has always been one of the essential drivers of creating excitement within our categories and for our brands. Because popular global and local brands drive our success, we will continue our strong investment in brand building.

Did you

know?
1 bowl of Kashi Go Lean has the same amount of protein as 1 egg.

" Snap, Crackle, Pop" represent Rice Krispies cereal all over the world. sweden

Piff! Paff! Puff!
germany

Knisper! Knasper! Knusper!
mexico

Pim! Pum! Pam!
finland

Poks! Riks! Raks!
canadian french

Cric! Crac! Croc!
holland

Pif! Paf! Pof!
south africa

Klap! Knetter! Kraak!

TM TM TM

2010 Annual ReportKellogg Company

5

engaging

Consumers
Special K brand's AppIn 2010, we launched myPlan, an application for mobile phones that promotes Special K brand's role as a popular weight-control stalwart. It allows users to create diet plans, find recipes, track progress and get helpful dieting tips anytime, anywhere. Frosted mini-wheats Commercials With categories that are highly responsive to advertising and value-added promotion, we continued to invest in our brands at industry-leading levels. Our TV campaign for Mini Wheats has driven above-category growth for the brand and was recently transferred to Australia where the idea has driven an increase in growth for our Sultana Bran brand.

facebook fan pagesOn Facebook fan pages, millions of consumers share the passion they have for Kellogg brands--a highly cost-effective way to build brand affinity. At year's end, Pop-Tarts brand alone had more than 2.6 million Facebook fans and Cheez-It had more than 1 million Facebook fans.

In 2010, we grew advertising mid-single digits and expect to see continued growth in 2011. In addition, we will continue to focus on advertising effectiveness and efficiency, in part, by changing our media mix. A prime example is our increased use of digital media channels to target and cost-effectively reach specific audiences. The Pop-Tarts brand serves as one of the best examples of new media use, with nearly 3 million Facebook fans and a YouTube channel that gets more than 40,000 views each day. Internally, we will continue to improve our overall business, acting on what we've learned to increase productivity, reduce costs and mitigate risks. 2010 marked the second year of a $1 billion plus cost-saving program that, so far, has resulted in more than $800 million in savings. At the core of this program is an ongoing initiative to drive continuous improvement. This process is helping us significantly improve our supply chain functions by reducing waste, increasing capacity and optimizing manufacturing efficiency. At the same time, we are enhancing our food safety, quality and employee safety standards. Rather than focusing on just cutting costs, it represents a long-term approach to

building a stronger business by driving efficiency and effectiveness. We believe this is the right approach to achieve ongoing productivity increases and to benefit our Company for years to come. And finally, we are committed to generating strong cash flow. By being disciplined about how we manage capital and prioritize expenditures, we will have the flexibility to continue to invest for the future, and still maintain our commitment to returning cash to our shareowners. While these initiatives will take some time, we are confident that we are taking the right steps to return Kellogg to its long-term growth targets. To reflect our focus on future top-line growth and the reality of the business environment, we have increased our long-term internal net sales growth targets from low single-digits to 3 to 4 percent. We believe that our targets are realistic and allow us to prioritize our activities and make decisions that support the longterm health of our business. Our long-term growth targets are:  3 to 4 percent internal net sales growth  4 to 6 percent internal operating profit growth  7 to 9 percent currency-neutral EPS growth

6

Kellogg Company2010 Annual Report

" We believe that our global presence makes us a stronger company."

Looking to the year ahead, we remain committed to our global focus on two core categories--cereal and snacks--as well as our frozen foods business within North America. Our goal remains constant: to be the consumer's top choice and the clear leader in category growth. We believe that we will achieve this goal through our commitment to our focused strategy, business model and operating principles combined with the power of our brands, our dynamic innovation pipeline, the strength of our categories and our global presence. Finally, we thank David Mackay for his dedication to Kellogg for nearly twenty years and for his invaluable leadership as President and CEO. David's focus on driving sustainable growth and his passion for our Company and people around the globe have been instrumental to our success, and we wish him all the best in his retirement. We appreciate all those who have supported Kellogg this year--our consumers, our retail partners, our shareowners and especially our employees. We enter 2011 confident that by working together, we will regain our momentum and return to longterm, sustainable growth--to create value for all our stakeholders.

Confident About Our Categories, Business and Brands
We bring tremendous assets to the table as one of the world's best recognized branded companies. We believe that our brands are loved across the globe because they offer consumers real value, and our heritage as a health and wellness company is aligned with the way consumers live now. Our core business--ready-to-eat cereal--offers many benefits including great taste, nutrition, convenience, versatility and value. We hold leading share positions in ready-to-eat cereal throughout the world. Our categories continue to be on trend with demographic shifts, including an aging babyboomer generation that is always on the lookout for economical, nutritious food choices. We operate in great categories that are positioned for growth throughout the world. We believe that our global presence makes us a stronger company. Having a broad geographic footprint enables us to leverage our successes and transfer knowledge from one region to another. Whether we are introducing a successful brand into the U.S. from the United Kingdom, or engaging the Australian consumer by adapting an advertising campaign that was well-received in Mexico, we have the capability to share our accumulated knowledge throughout the world. We leverage the power of Kellogg every day.

John A. Bryant

President and Chief Executive Officer

Jim Jenness

Chairman of the Board

2010 Annual ReportKellogg Company

7

