Dear Shareowners, When W.K. Kellogg founded Kellogg Company in 1906, he had no way of knowing that his fledgling business would grow to become among the most recognized and respected companies in the world. All he knew was he wanted to help people enjoy a healthier, more nutritious breakfast -- and he was determined to succeed. Although more than a century has passed and our product portfolio has expanded beyond breakfast, we have never lost sight of the principles put in place by our founder. Despite the ever more rapidly evolving landscape in which we compete today, Kellogg Company remains as committed to enriching the lives of our consumers worldwide through delicious, high-quality foods and iconic brands as ever before. Of course, our commitment to our employees, communities and to you, our shareowners, is also as strong as ever. For all these reasons and more, I feel very privileged to be the chief executive and chairman of the board of this great company. Furthermore, I am confident that we have the right strategy in place and that we are taking the right actions to drive growth in the years to come. Strategy and Growth. Our strategy is a simple one: We are focused on winning in breakfast; increasing the size of our global snack business; expanding our excellent frozen-food business; and increasing our investment in emerging markets. We compete in just a few categories, allowing us to be more effective at what we do, in the businesses that we value. This is evident in the very good progress we've made in recent years. Our acquisition of Pringles® is a prime example, as are the new products we have successfully launched in frozen foods. I'd also point to our formation of a joint-venture for cereal and snacks in China, as well as our recently announced investment in Bisco Misr, the largest biscuit company in Egypt. However, strengthening our global cereal business, particularly in our core markets around the world, remains one of our most important goals. Kellogg has always been strongest when we have concentrated on where we have a solid foundation to lead and win. Nearly 110 years after Mr. Kellogg sold his first box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes®, ready-toeat cereal (RTEC) remains at the very top of this list. To this end, we have started to invest in new brand-building programs designed to engage consumers and remind them of the health benefits that can result from the consumption of cereal. Leveraging our Kellogg's® parent-brand, for instance, in the U.S. we recently launched our Tomorrow campaign, which trumpets the fact that choosing Kellogg's cereals and milk provides grains and protein for your best tomorrow. Similarly, in Europe the Kellogg's OriginsTM campaign combats the misconception that RTEC is highly processed by emphasizing the very simple, basically farm-to-table nature, of our foods. Throughout the world, one of our strongest brand-building ideas is our Breakfasts for Better Days® initiative. Our global signature cause was launched in 2013 with the goal of providing one billion servings of cereal and snacks to children and families worldwide by the end of 2016. Through 2014, we've already provided more than 700 million servings -- primarily via our corporate philanthropy-funded breakfast clubs, food bank support, advocacy and outreach -- and are well on the way to surpassing our goal. Market research has shown that Breakfasts for Better Days can drive significant gains in consumer purchase intent and buy rate, as well as sentiment, based on favorability and credibility. This year, we are planning Breakfasts for Better Days commercial activations in up to 30 countries. We are also driving RTEC relevance by ramping up how we engage with consumers and by telling our Kellogg story in more powerful ways. This includes unveiling Open for BreakfastTM, a new open forum we're creating in the digital and social space to enable deeper conversations with consumers about what's on their minds. We have launched Open for Breakfast in the U.S. first, with the intention of expanding it to more markets over time. In addition, we are creating new foods that we believe better fit with changing trends regarding health foods. We plan to bring to market cereals that are more on trend with what consumers want these days. More protein. More gluten-free offerings. More whole grains. And more variation. Finally, we have the opportunity to drive further the consumption of cereal at times of day other than in the morning. In many countries, including the U.S., the amount of cereal consumed as a snack, either after school or at night, has been growing dramatically. We have started brand-building initiatives in various businesses designed to accelerate this trend. Further investment in our overall strategy will continue in 2015 and in the following years. As you might imagine, over the long-term, we expect faster rates of growth in emerging markets and categories around the world. This

growth, combined with more modest rates of growth in developed businesses, should lead to low-single-digit comparable revenue growth1 for the company as a whole. As a result, we expect to generate mid-single-digit comparable operating profit growth1 and high-single-digit currency-neutral comparable earnings per share growth2. This earnings growth, in turn, when combined with the dividend yield, should enable us to deliver a double-digit total annual return over time. Project K. We continued to make excellent progress with Project K in 2014. This four-year efficiency and effectiveness program is in its second year and is already generating savings that are being invested in the business. These investments are aligned with our strategy and are intended to generate additional revenue growth. For example, we have invested in additional brand-building activity around the world and in our in-store sales networks in the U.S. This investment will likely continue in the years to come, with an increasing focus on our businesses in emerging markets. By 2018 when the program ends, we anticipate that the total cost will have been between $1.2 and $1.4 billion and that we will be generating between $425 and $475 million in annual savings. Review of 2014. The competitive environment was difficult for much of the industry in 2014. The changing tastes of consumers, changing trends in diets, and changes in people's perceptions of good health all played a part in making last year a particularly challenging one. While we've taken actions to address these impacts, the company's full-year performance did not meet our initial expectations. Full-year comparable sales1 declined by 2.0 percent, comparable operating profit1 declined by 3.9 percent, and currency-neutral comparable earnings2 were $3.82 per share, a decrease of approximately one percent. Importantly, full-year cash flow from operations less capital expenditure was $1.2 billion, greater than our original expectations.3 Within the North American business, our Morning Foods segment posted a decline in comparable sales of 5.7 percent. We ceded share of the U.S. Cereal category4, largely as the result of the performance of the Special K® and Kashi® cereal brands, both of which have been impacted by changing consumer tastes. As a result, we have focused our efforts on creating new simpler foods that better appeal to these changing trends. These new products include cereals that meet the USDA's standard for organic food, cereals that are Non-GMO Project Verified, new granolas, gluten-free Special K, and cereals offering progressive nutrition such as Kashi Sprouted Grains organic cereal. We are also adapting our advertising and other brand building to remind consumers of the excellent nutritional content of many of these foods; and we will also explain further how these foods, both existing and new varieties, can help consumers reach their goals for health and wellness. The Snacks business posted a decline in comparable sales of 2.4 percent in 2014, also largely as the result of the performance of the Special K brand, and broader trends for diet foods. Much as we are doing in the Cereal business, we are addressing Special K's lower-than-expected sales in both the Cracker and Wholesome Snack segments by introducing new foods, packaging, and brand-building initiatives. Our three largest cracker brands, Cheez-It®, Town House®, and Club® all gained share4 for the year, led by strong innovation. Our new Chips Deluxe® cookies cobranded with M&M's®5 candies also performed well in 2014, although the performance of the overall Cookie business was affected by a decline in sales of 100-calorie cookie packs. Finally, we continued to see good performance from the Pringles® brand in 2014, both in the U.S. and around the world. Comparable sales in the Specialty Channels business decreased by 1.4 percent for the year. Overall performance was affected by issues related to the performance of a co-packer, and by a customer that changed its means of distribution. Without the impact of these two items, full-year comparable sales would have increased. We saw a great response to the introduction of new whole-grain products in the K-12 school segment and we gained share in the Cracker, Treat Bar, and Salty Snack categories6 in the Convenience channel. Full-year consumption6 of Pringles in the Convenience channel increased at a double-digit rate. Pringles also posted strong performance in both the Foodservice and Vending channels. The Eggo® brand and the Veggie foods business posted good full-year growth across all channels. We also saw strong sales growth of Health and Wellness products across all channels led by the launch of Bear Naked® granola. Comparable sales in the Other segment, which is composed of the U.S. Frozen Food and Canadian businesses, declined by 1.8 percent in 2014. The U.S. Frozen Food business faced difficult comparisons due to the significant growth achieved in 2013 as the result of the introduction of Special K Breakfast Sandwiches. Later in 2014, we launched new Eggo Breakfast Sandwiches and the early indications are that these new products will do well. We also have new MorningStar Farms® veggie foods launching, including Non-GMO Project Verified products, and our expectations are that these will also perform well. The Canadian business posted an increase in comparable sales in 2014. The overall Cereal business stabilized during the year as we launched new, broad brand-building initiatives. These investments, combined with the launch of new

products, contributed to the improved performance. In addition, we maintained our share4 of the Canadian Wholesome Snack category in 2014. We have new cereal and snack products planned for introduction, and we also launched Eggo Thick & Fluffy waffles in Canada late in 2014; these products are similar to the ones which have been very successful in the U.S. Comparable sales in the European business declined by 0.7 percent in 2014. Developed cereal categories in Europe, particularly the U.K., faced issues similar to those faced by the U.S. business. In response, we launched a program called Kellogg's Origins that I mentioned earlier. This campaign helps consumers make the connection between our food and its origins and highlights the foods' natural ingredients and simplicity. This is an exciting program that encompasses TV ads, digital and social media, in-store activity and public relations. We also enjoyed good growth in emerging markets within the region, and the Pringles business posted strong growth as the result of successful marketing campaigns and the introduction of new flavors. Full-year comparable operating margin in Europe improved as the result of net deflation in cost of goods sold, including strong productivity savings, the timing of investment in brand building, and cost discipline in overhead. In 2014, the Latin American business achieved comparable sales growth of 3.9 percent. The competitive environment in the Cereal category in Mexico was difficult, as it was in other parts of the region. We began to address this with broad-based activity including strong brand-building programs and the introduction of new products such as new Zucaritas® and Special K Multigrain, and we have a significant amount of activity planned as we enter 2015. Separately, the underlying performance of the Pringles business was strong all year as we launched new Pringles Tortillas, which have been very successful in the U.S., in the region. In addition, we achieved operating margin expansion in the business in 2014 as result of the good sales performance and efficiency programs. Full-year comparable sales in the Asia Pacific business increased by 0.7 percent. The Cereal business in Australia experienced issues similar to those seen in other developed regions around the world. We enjoyed good growth in Asia with Southeast Asia, India, and Japan all posting double-digit comparable sales growth; the Japanese business benefitted from increasing consumer demand for granola, a trend we are seeing in various parts of the world. In addition, the Pringles business also performed very well in the region recording strong growth in 2014 and we expect continued good performance in 2015. Values. Here at Kellogg, we are guided by the K Values, behaviors that shape our culture and guide the way we run our business. Adherence to these values will allow us to achieve further success, the right way, and maintain a vibrant, diverse and inclusive culture that enables our people to do their best work and achieve their full potential. The K Values are: We act with integrity and show respect; we are all accountable; we are passionate about our business, our brands and our food; we have the humility and hunger to learn; we strive for simplicity; and we love success. You can learn more at http://www.kelloggcompany.com/en_US/our-values.html. Sustainability. As a company, and as individuals, we are passionate about enriching and delighting the world through foods and brands that matter. We care passionately about how our foods are grown and produced. In 2014, we took several bold steps forward in our evolution toward becoming an even more responsible and transparent corporate citizen. First, we announced a broad and ambitious set of commitments to sustainability. By implementing these commitments, which we hope to achieve by 2020, we are seeking to reduce further our own environmental impacts, help our agricultural suppliers better conserve natural resources, and support more smallholder and women farmers. We further built on these commitments during the United Nations Climate Summit, where we pledged to help increase adoption of climate-smart agriculture practices for 15,000 smallholder growers in the communities from which we source by 2020 -- helping to improve their livelihoods and climate resiliency. You can learn more at http://www.kelloggcompany.com/en_US/corporate-responsibility.html. Breakfast Food Beliefs. Our new Kellogg's Global Breakfast Food Beliefs were developed to inspire us to think bigger and act bolder regarding how we will lead and win in the breakfast occasion and create the future of RTEC. While the Food Beliefs are largely intended to be an internal rallying cry, we're also sharing them with consumers, customers, opinion leaders, the global nutrition community and other key stakeholders. You can learn more at http://www.kelloggcompany.com/en_US/nutrition.html.

In closing, while the competitive environment has been -- and will likely continue to be -- difficult, I want to reiterate my confidence that we have the right plans in place to address the challenges we face and improve our performance. As we enter 2015, we expect to benefit from: · · · · A simple, effective strategy that keeps us focused on a few categories; Realistic growth targets that are achievable; Project K, a program we are successfully implementing with the goal of significantly reducing our costs; and, Strategic investments intended to drive sales growth.

More than anything, we have our Kellogg people -- a global family of employees who are unwaveringly focused on what matters most to our success: making great food, delighting our consumers, and serving our customers. Kellogg's most valuable resource, our employees are the caretakers of a rich heritage in which we take tremendous pride. The fact that this company has endured 109 years -- through dozens of economic ups and downs, changes in consumer needs and behaviors, and decades of fierce competition -- fuels our conviction that better days lie ahead for Kellogg. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that I believe that Kellogg's best days are yet to come. Finally, I'd like to thank you for investing in Kellogg Company. We appreciate the confidence you have in our business and appreciate your support.

John Bryant Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Kellogg Company
This letter contains statements that are forward-looking and actual results could differ materially. Factors that could cause this difference are set forth in Items 1 and 1A of the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K. 1 Comparable results exclude the impact of foreign currency translation and, if applicable, acquisitions, dispositions, integration costs, mark-tomarket adjustments, charges related to restructurings and cost-reduction activities, differences in the number of shipping days, and other costs affecting comparability. Comparable results exclude the impact of foreign currency translation and, if applicable, integration costs, mark-to-market adjustments, charges related to restructurings and cost-reduction activities, differences in the number of shipping days, and other costs affecting comparability. Comparable sales, comparable operating profit, currency-neutral comparable earnings and cash flow are all non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis within the Form 10-K included herein for important information regarding these measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure. A.C. Nielsen data, year-to-date through 27 December, 2014. M&M's is a registered trademark of MARS, Inc. A.C. Nielsen AMPS data, year-to-date through 27 December, 2014.

2

3

4 5 6

