 David Mackay (Left) President
Chief Executive Officer
Jim Jenness (Right) Chairman of the Board
  To Our Shareowners
We both feel extremely fortunate to be a part of this wonderful company as it finishes its 100th year. Our Company was founded with an entrepreneurial spirit, and Mr. Kellogg’s legacy of innovation continues to be an instrumental part of the Company today. As we reach this milestone in the Company’s history, it is gratifying to reflect on our successes, but we also recognize our opportunities for the future.
The Company’s commitment to our strategy, our business model, and our operating principles remains strong. While inevitably businesses evolve, we recognize that it is our focus and continuity that have allowed our products to remain as relevant to consumers today as they were a hundred years ago. The Company has never been stronger, and we look forward to starting our second century from this wonderful position.
Sustainability
The Company’s overarching goal is to provide sustainable and dependable rates of growth. Our targets are realistic, allowing us to invest in future growth every day.
We do not believe in targeting the rates of unsustainable growth in the short term that invariably lead to a period of relatively worse performance. We target consistent growth rather than a cycle of one or two years of good performance followed by significant, distracting restructurings.
Revenue Growth. In 2006, we posted reported revenue growth of 7 percent. Internal revenue growth, which excludes the effect of foreign currency translation, was also
7 percent. Our long-term internal revenue target is for low single-digit growth. We again significantly exceeded our target as a result of strong innovation and brand-building programs that resonated with consumers. Our entire organization is focused on improving our already excellent execution, and our strong revenue growth shows it.
Operating Profit Growth. Revenue growth is extremely important, but revenues must translate into operating profit. Consequently, our long-term target is for mid single-digit internal operating profit growth. While we faced significant and unprecedented inflation in commodity costs in 2006, we still met our target and posted 4 percent internal operating profit growth. Also compounded in this growth is the increase in brand-building
GREAT PEOPLE
 2
  
 investment we again made in 2006. This is investment in advertising and promotion, activities that add to the desirability of our brands; it is simply an investment in future growth. It is our realistic targets that allow us to invest for the future. We have delivered excellent rates of growth in recent years because of our targets, not despite them.
Earnings Growth. In 2006, we posted 11 percent growth in earnings per share, excluding the effect of adopting a new accounting standard that required the expensing of stock options. Our long-term target is to increase earnings per share at a high single- digit rate. We exceeded this goal again in 2006, which is the sixth year in a row that we have posted double-digit growth in earnings per share.
Cash Flow. Our entire organization is focused on the generation of cash flow. Each
of the other measures of success is important in its own right, but is more important because of its contribution to cash-flow growth. Our goal is to increase stakeholder value by generating strong cash flow. In 2006, we generated $957 million of cash flow, an increase of $188 million from 2005. Since the acquisition of the Keebler Company, we have repaid approximately $2 billion of debt. While decreasing net debt, or debt less cash, remains important over the long term, we are also focused on share repurchases, dividends, and retaining the ability to make complementary acquisitions should
the opportunity present itself. Between the fourth quarter of 2005 and the
fourth quarter of 2006 alone, the Company repurchased approximately
$1 billion of its own shares.
Shareowner Return. Our success in each of these metrics and our commitment
to stakeholder value is reflected in the Company’s share price and the total return
to shareholders. The total return to investors since the end of 2001 has been approximately 90 percent, or 14 percent compound annual growth rate. The total return of 19 percent posted in 2006 again exceeded the average total return of the entire industry measured by the S&P Packaged Food Index. The index posted a total return of 16 percent, or 3 percent less than the Company’s total return. This year’s excellent result represents the sixth consecutive year that the Company’s total return has exceeded that of the industry.
TM
Our Company was founded with an entrepreneurial spirit, and Mr. Kellogg’s legacy of innovation continues to be an instrumental part of the Company today.
As we finish the Company’s 100th year, it is gratifying to reflect on our successes, but we also recognize our opportunities for
the future.
“I’ll invest my money in people.”
– W.K. Kellogg
 3
   
 People make all the difference, and the 26,000 Kellogg employees around the world really are our single most important competitive advantage.
People. Passion. Pride.
In 2006, the Company celebrated its hundredth-year anniversary, an amazing milestone that is a tribute to the vision and ideas of our founder, W.K. Kellogg. The Company began as the result of a search for a healthier food. This focus on innovation and brand building has remained the cornerstone of Kellogg Company over the last century and remains our passion today. Our structure, our focus, and our commitment to our values all result from this passion. Of course, none of it would be possible were it not for our talented group of employees. People make all the difference, and the 26,000 Kellogg employees around the world really are our single most important competitive advantage.
We recognize that a company is no more than a reflection of its employees. This is true throughout the organization and at all levels. Our commitment to retain the best talent is an ongoing responsibility.
One of Kellogg Company’s significant competitive advantages is our global infrastructure. This infrastructure allows for the efficient dissemination of ideas around the world. This works equally well for new product ideas, brand-building initiatives, and developmental processes. Consequently, we have initiated a leadership program that will be used across the Company and that will lead to increased levels of employee engagement
and development. This is good not only for our employees, but also for the Company.
Culture and Values. Kellogg Company has a unique and well-defined culture, and we promote our values every day in all we do. Holding ourselves and employees to the highest standards ensures that we achieve our goals in a manner consistent with our corporate values. When we measure the performance of our employees, we not only measure their accomplishments, but also the way in which they were achieved. This also means that we have a responsibility to provide professional and developmental opportunities throughout the organization. An integral part of this is ensuring that we have consistent policies, procedures, and expectations around the world. As a result, we have a culture and standards of which Mr. Kellogg would be immensely proud.
The Kellogg Business Leader. We are committed to developing the next generation of leaders. To this end, we have initiated various programs designed to help the growth of our employees. These include job analyses that identify the skills and experience
GREAT PASSION
 4
   
needed for success at all levels of the organization. In addition, we have spent a considerable amount of time developing the Kellogg Business Leader Model. This program is critical to the education of our future leaders and is being introduced in all of our businesses. We remain committed to making Kellogg Company a better place to work for talented individuals around the world.
Diversity and Inclusion. Our businesses, our customers, and the consumers of our products are extremely diverse. It only makes sense, therefore, that we strive to have
an equally diverse workforce. Having a diversity of perspectives, ideas, and backgrounds is a good foundation as we continuously strive to improve our organization. To this
end, we sponsor various internal affinity groups including KMERG (Kellogg Multi- Ethnic Resource Group), KAARG (Kellogg African American Resource Group), HOLA (the Hispanic Resource Group), WOK (Women Of Kellogg), and the Young Professionals Group. These groups are open to all employees and provide numerous developmental opportunities, including professional mentoring and education.
Our goal is to provide an environment in which each of our employees can succeed. This requires constant diligence and the evolution of
our developmental process. As Mr. Kellogg recognized a century
ago, the success of our Company is dependent on the success of
our employees.
People. Passion. Pride.
Kellogg Company employs a simple and effective approach to business that incorporates many of the principles developed by W.K. Kellogg. Importantly, the Company continues to focus on brand building, innovation, and sales execution as the drivers of sustainable rates of sales growth.
Advertising. The Company’s long-term goal is to increase investment in
advertising at a rate greater than the targeted sales-growth rate. This ensures that we contribute to the strength of the brands each year and increase consumer engagement. It also allows the Company to support its existing brands while providing the funds necessary to introduce new products. We have powerful brands that resonate with
 TM
Our goal is to provide an environment in which each of our employees can succeed. This requires constant diligence and the evolution of our developmental process. As Mr. Kellogg recognized a century ago, the success of our Company is dependent on the success of our employees.
“Double our advertising budget. This is the time to go out and spend more money in advertising.” – W.K. Kellogg during the Great Depression
 5
     
 We began as a small manufacturer and marketer of better-for- you breakfast food, and while we have grown,
we have never really lost that initial focus. In fact, throughout our history, the Company has retained many of the values instilled by Mr. Kellogg
in those early years.
consumers and that respond to strong advertising campaigns. For example, our Special K brand, which promotes shape management, benefited from excellent advertising campaigns during 2006, and we saw both sales growth and category share gains as a result.
In addition, our commitment to brand building includes significant investment in consumer-oriented promotions. This, and our continuing focus on advertising, are driven by our marketing and market research groups in cooperation with our agency partners.
Innovation. Generating consumer excitement is another important contributor to sales growth. While innovation has been a focus for the Company throughout the last century, we increased our investment and commitment significantly a few years ago when we built the W.K. Kellogg Institute in Battle Creek. This fully staffed research and development facility, along with other resources around the world, drives our global research function. Of course, none of our success in this area would be possible without our world-class Research, Quality, Technology, Manufacturing, and Engineering groups.
We have introduced many successful new products in recent years, including the
Smart Start brand, and, in the U.S. retail cereal category, hold more than 50 percent share of products introduced within the last one, two, and three years. This is significantly greater than our broader category share and highlights the success of the new products introduced over that time.
Sales. Designing new products that meet the desires of consumers and generating consumer interest through advertising are essential first steps, but the products’ success also depends on strong sales and delivery capabilities; we have developed in recent years one of the best systems in the industry. The direct-store-door distribution system
in our U.S. snacks business is an extremely powerful sales and distribution force. This organization delivers and stocks products and acts as salesperson at the store level.
In addition, we reinstituted our U.S. warehouse sales force a few years ago and have continued to add additional resources to this function since. Our Category Management and Customer Marketing groups work tirelessly to increase our efficiency, which provides
TM
GREAT PRIDE
 6
   
benefits for both Kellogg Company and our customers. Having a strong and influential sales and delivery organization can also provide a significant competitive advantage for the Company, and we intend for it to remain a core competency in the years to come.
People. Passion. Pride.
Kellogg Company has a long and impressive history. Throughout the last century
the challenges have been varied and significant: international expansion, the Great Depression during which Mr. Kellogg increased his advertising budget, and periods
of increased competition and cost inflation. We began as a small manufacturer and marketer of better-for-you breakfast food, and while we have grown, we have never really lost that initial focus. In fact, throughout our history, the Company has retained many of the values instilled by Mr. Kellogg in those early years.
A number of years ago we refocused the Company on its core businesses in its
core regions. We developed realistic targets that allowed our managers to invest in advertising and the long-term health of our business. We reinvigorated our research capabilities and recognized that only through innovation could we continuously engage consumers. Most important, we increased our investment in people. These are all areas upon which W.K. Kellogg focused years ago and, notably, these actions have left our Company stronger. So, while we must retain our humility and hunger to learn, we begin our second century with optimism. We compete in relatively few strong and vibrant categories and are well positioned to consider selected growth opportunities around the world. We know our businesses well and are committed to them.
We believe that it is this focus and commitment that will drive sustainable, consistent, and dependable rates of growth in the years to come. We hope that
you agree, and thank you very much for your support.
Jim Jenness David Mackay
Chairman of the Board President
Chief Executive Officer
   TM
TM
TM
We know our businesses well and are committed to them. We believe that it is this focus
and commitment that will drive sustainable, consistent, and dependable rates of growth in the years to come.
“We are a company of dedicated people making quality products.” – W.K. Kellogg
 7
    