Kellogg Company's 2008 performance demonstrates the fundamental strength of our business model and our capacity to produce sustainable growth even in volatile conditions.

fellow kellogg Shareowners :

Guided by our K Values, Kellogg employees continued to successfully execute our focused strategy and business model in 2008. As a result, we delivered our seventh consecutive year of growth, despite facing one of the toughest economic environments in decades. In fact, we either met or exceeded all of our sustainable growth targets:    We posted a 5 percent increase in internal net sales, outperforming our long-term target of low single-digit growth.    We delivered a 4 percent increase in internal operating profit, meeting our longterm target of mid single-digit growth.    We generated earnings per share of $2.99, up 8 percent from $2.76 in 2007, solidly meeting our long-term target of high single-digit growth on a currencyneutral basis.  We produced these results by continuing to drive our focused strategy: to win in cereal and expand snacks. During 2008, we met all of our internal sales targets and produced strong, broad-based performance. Our Ready-to-eat cereal business delivered mid singledigit growth, our Snacks business posted high single-digit growth, and our Frozen business also delivered high single-digit growth. Our Foodservice business grew at an  impressive mid single-digit rate despite fewer consumers dining out of home due to the weak economy. In addition, we continued to expand our geographic reach through acquisitions in Russia and China, and strengthened our business through acquisitions in two of our core markets, the U.S. and Australia. We also continued to invest in growth opportunities through strong innovation. Despite difficult economic conditions, we remained true to our Sustainable Growth and Manage for Cash operating principles and delivered another year of growth. Consistent with our Sustainable Growth principle, we drove gross profit dollar growth through price increases, innovation of higher margin products, and implementation of cost-savings initiatives. We invested in innovation and advertising, and delivered price and mix growth. We also continued to implement our Manage for Cash operating principle. Over the past five years, the combination of our strong earnings, disciplined approach to capital

GROW INTERNAL NET SALES

GROW GROSS PROFIT

Our operating principles of Sustainable Growth and Manage for Cash keep us focused on the right metrics.

PRICE/MIX

Sustainable Growth (V2V)

OVERHEAD DISCIPLINE

INNOVATION

ADVERTISING EFFECTIVENESS AND EFFICIENCY

fellow kellogg Shareowners :
continued

expenditure and sound working capital management drove strong cash flow, giving us the financial flexibility to return cash to our share owners, fund our retirement plans and continue to invest for sustainable and dependable growth. During 2008, we increased our dividend by 10 percent, and we returned more than $1 billion in cash to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases. Another important element of our business model is to set realistic growth targets. This encourages our employees to make decisions that support the long-term health of our business. Furthermore, in addition to maintaining an unwavering commitment to brand building and innovation, we keep a constant watch on cost control and savings initiatives, including a multi-year focus on productivity programs and investments that require up-front costs. By remaining true to our proven business model in 2008, we set the stage for continued sustainable and dependable growth into the future. Driving Advertising Efficiency Building great brands is the heart and soul of our business, and we are committed to continuing to fund promising marketing and advertising programs that help us accom plish this. In addition, we believe we can increase our advertising effectiveness and consumer impressions by generating efficiencies from our more than $1 billion annual advertising expenditure. We are aggressively embracing digital media, which affords an efficient, cost-effective way to target specific audiences, providing an excellent platform for developing our brands. We have already tapped the Internet to gain  significant brand development traction for Special K, Frosted Flakes, Apple Jacks, Kashi,  Rice Krispies, Morningstar Farms and Pop-Tarts. In addition, we are successfully building relationships with moms around the world through Kelloggs.com and KelloggNutrition.com. Our strength in brand building allows us to successfully drive new business opportunities that expand our portfolio and reach more consumers. Strengthening our Platform for Future Growth In late 2007 and 2008, we made several acquisitions that gave us strong growth platforms in promising markets. All of the companies we acquired were established players in categories that respond well to brand building. 

INCREASE RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL

GROW NET EARNINGS

IMPROVE FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY

Manage For Cash
DISCIPLINED CORE WORKING CAPITAL

PRIORITIZE CAPITAL EXPENDITURE



  In Russia, we purchased United Bakers, gaining manufacturing and distribution capabilities in cookies, crackers and cereal.

  

  In China, we purchased Navigable Foods, an established biscuit manufacturer.   In Australia, we purchased Specialty Cereals Pty. Limited, a natural foods company.   In the U.S., we made several acquisitions, including Bear Naked, Inc. and its granolas and trail mixes; the assets of IndyBake Products LLC and Brownie Products Co., including two snacks manufacturing facilities; and the trademarks and recipes of Mother's Cake & Cookie Co., a regional brand with a loyal consumer following in the western U.S.

We also reinforced our commitment to corporate responsibility by publishing our first global Corporate Responsibility Report. This report provides an overview of Kellogg Company's deep commitment to preserving the environment, improving our marketplace and our workplace, and making positive contributions to the global community. The credit for these and all of our 2008 accomplishments belongs to our employees, whose passion for our business and commitment to our K Values is the core of our culture at Kellogg. We'd like to thank every member of the Kellogg family for their loyalty, hard work and dedication. Fueling Productivity Driving strong and consistent cost efficiency is fundamental to our ability to deliver sustainable and dependable growth. During 2008, we invested $0.14 of earnings per share into up-front costs for savings initiatives. We regularly make such investments, and we account for them as a part of our normal operations. In addition, we continually identify new cost-saving programs. We have targeted efficiencies that will deliver $1 billion of annual cost savings by 2011. In 2008, we began reviewing $2 billion of indirect spending to identify efficiencies through centralized purchasing. In addition, we initiated the K-LEAN manufacturing initiative-- Lean, Efficient, Agile, Network. This initiative ensures our manufacturing culture will continue to foster improvement, drive waste reduction, optimize manufacturing operations, uphold exemplary quality and safety standards, and maintain high

In 2008, we met or exceeded our goals while continuing to invest in our brands, our people and our future.

fellow kellogg Shareowners :
continued

organizational effectiveness. During the year, we began implementing K-LEAN in several North America plants. The initial results were so impressive that we are now in the process of introducing K-LEAN across North America, Latin America and Europe, with the goal of increasing our productivity savings to as high as 4 percent of cost of goods in 2009. Moving Forward We expect 2009 to be another challenging year. The weak global economic environment will likely persist, increasing the strain on consumers and companies around the world. Yet, this climate is also creating opportunities for our Company. Consumers are responding to the economic pinch by eating more meals at home. They are also becoming more selective in their food purchases, choosing products that they feel good about eating, are priced well, and that they know and trust. Our categories and strong brands place Kellogg in a solid position in this marketplace. At the same time, we recognize the economy will impact consumers everywhere, creating a degree of uncertainty surrounding the coming year. Our Company must be highly sensitive to this volatile environment, and we must take decisive action to reflect and adapt to the pressure affecting our consumer base. As in the past, we will leverage our strategy and business model to increase our visibility and sharpen our already deep understanding of consumer preferences. With this in mind, our innovation activities for the year ahead will focus on fewer, bigger and better initiatives that anticipate consumer needs. We will continue to invest in advertising and to focus on our strong  categories. We will intensify our emphasis on cost savings and cost effectiveness, as well as on productivity and efficiency gains. As we move forward, we thank you--our shareowners--for your confidence and support. Rest assured that our efforts will help Kellogg Company thrive despite the current economic environment and we remain committed to delivering sustainable and depend  able growth into the future.

David Mackay President and Chief Executive Officer

Jim Jenness Chairman of the Board

