Dear Shareholders,

It is with great pride that I address our shareholders for the first time as Kaman's Chief Executive Officer. Our company is at a unique point in its corporate development following a successful transformation under the leadership of Paul Kuhn, who has retired after nearly nine years as CEO. Working closely with Kaman's management team and our customers around the globe, my top priority will be to build on the accomplishments of recent years and maintain the company's strong positive momentum.
Financial Review For 2007, Kaman reported an increase in net earnings from continuing operations of 48.1 percent to $36.5 million, or $1.46 per share diluted, compared to $24.6 million, or $1.01 per share diluted in 2006, an increase in earnings per share of 44.6 percent. Net sales from continuing operations for 2007 grew 9.5 percent to $1,086.0 million, compared to $991.4 million in 2006. The 2007 and 2006 results include $6.4 million and $9.7 million, respectively, in pretax charges for the Australia program. Including discontinued operations (the former Music segment) and a net gain on the sale of the segment, net earnings were $55.9 million, or $2.23 per share diluted, compared to net earnings of $31.8 million, or $1.30 per share diluted, in 2006.

ar07: 03

Financial Highlights
IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS

2007 $ 1,086,031 36,491 634,863

2006 $ 991,422 24,643 630,413

Net sales from continuing operations Net earnings from continuing operations Total assets Per share amounts: Net earnings per share from continuing operations: Basic Diluted Dividends declared Shareholders' equity

$ 1.50 1.46 .53 15.69

$ 1.02 1.01 .50 12.28

note: Please see page 19 of the financial section of this report for selected financial data that includes results from discontinued operations and the disposal of discontinued operations.

Kaman's strong performance was supported by progress in several areas. Our Specialty Bearings segment continued to be a major driver of increases in sales and operating income; and, while 2007 was challenging for our Aerostructures segment due to the ramp-up of several new aircraft platform programs, we benefited overall from the breadth of our presence in the market and saw increases in both sales and operating income from that segment as well as from our Helicopters and Fuzing segments. Our Industrial Distribution business, although affected by a softening in the national economic outlook, achieved $700 million in sales for the first time in its history, and continued to gain market share through several key national account wins. The sale of the Music segment on December 31 brought to a close a rich tradition at Kaman, but brings a clearer focus on our core aerospace and industrial distribution businesses and considerable capital to redeploy in those businesses. Reflecting this strong performance, Kaman's board of directors voted in September to increase our annual dividend by 12.0 percent, an indication of their confidence in the company's ability to sustain earnings momentum. Kaman's strength lies not only in the diversification of our businesses across aerospace and industrial distribution but in the mix of markets, technologies and customers we serve through these businesses. In aerospace, our line-up includes the Specialty Bearings segment with its range of mature, high-margin, proprietary products that enjoy market-leading positions. We also benefit, however, from businesses that are earlier in their growth cycle such as our Fuzing and Aerostructures segments. Today, Kaman is leaner, more focused, and prepared to compete successfully in its core markets. Each of our businesses is briefly covered in the segment operations review that follows: Segment Operations Review A E R O S T R U C T U R E S . Our Aerostructures segment is well positioned to serve both military and commercial customers across a range of component parts manufacturing and subassemblies. Segment operating income for 2007 grew by 14.6 percent to $13.2 million from $11.5 million in 2006. Segment sales grew by 30.0 percent to $102.4 million in 2007 from $78.7 million in 2006. The sales increase was primarily due to higher production levels and increased shipments
ar07: 04

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

to Sikorsky for the BLACK HAWK helicopter program and increased shipments to Boeing for the 777 program. However, we were disappointed in the level of growing pains we have experienced at our Wichita facility as a result of the ramp up of several new programs, and the negative impact this has had on our earnings growth. Our Fuzing segment turned in solid gains during 2007. Segment operating income for 2007 grew by 36.1 percent to $10.5 million from $7.8 million in 2006. Segment sales grew by 23.1 percent to $87.5 million for 2007 from $71.1 million in 2006. We continued to work to resolve the remaining issues involved in bringing our Joint Programmable Fuze (JPF) program to desired levels of production at the Dayron facility in Orlando, and nearly completed the process of establishing our Middletown facility as a second production site. While we experienced periodic production interruptions during 2007 we continued to make progress on production improvements and enhancements to the fuze. Further, I am pleased to report that the JPF has demonstrated excellent field reliability, and we continue to invest in increasing our capacity to support both U.S. Government and foreign military sales.
FUZING.

Operating income for our Helicopters segment was $2.6 million (including $6.4 million in pretax charges for the Australia helicopter program) in 2007, compared to $0.2 million (including $9.7 million in pretax charges for the Australia program) in 2006. Segment sales grew by 3.0 percent to $72.0 million for 2007 from $69.9 million in 2006. The slightly higher sales were a result of a greater volume of work on the depot level maintenance and upgrade program for the Egyptian SH­2G(E) aircraft. In addition, we are partnering with Lockheed Martin to market an unmanned version of our K-MAX aircraft to meet the emerging needs of our armed services. While this program is in the very early stages of development, I believe it represents an exciting opportunity for the future.
HELICOPTERS. S P E C I A LT Y B E A R I N G S . Our Specialty Bearings segment continues to demonstrate outstanding results both in terms of customer responsiveness and financial performance. Operating income for 2007 grew by 44.6 percent to $41.4 million from $28.6 million in 2006. Segment sales grew by 16.7 percent to $124.0 million in 2007 from $106.3 million in 2006. The increase in sales was primarily attributable to higher shipments of our airframe bearing products to customers across a wide spectrum of military and commercial aircraft makers and users. The segment continues to develop new customers and applications and, with the recent

ar07: 05

facilities expansion complete, capacity is in place to meet demand and to ensure that shorter lead times for the customer remain a competitive advantage. Operating income for our Industrial Distribution segment decreased by 6.0 percent to $33.0 million in 2007 from $35.2 million in 2006. Segment sales set a new record, and at $700.2 million grew 5.2 percent in 2007 from $665.4 million in 2006. The increase in net sales was primarily driven by the ramp up of several new large national accounts, as well as by greater sales volume in certain customer industries including food & beverage, mining, oil exploration and electrical power generation. These gains were partially offset by a decrease in net sales related to original equipment manufacturers and the building materials industry. Operating profit was negatively impacted by our investment in new branches, personnel, and set-up activities to initiate support for new large national accounts.
INDUSTRIAL DISTRIBUTION.

A Look Ahead As we go to press with this annual report, the U.S. economy faces a range of serious challenges, including higher fuel prices and the continuing fallout from the subprime mortgage troubles. However, I believe that our businesses are positioned to withstand these challenges. The significant transformation of our company over the past several years, combined with the strong progress recorded during 2007, provides a powerful foundation for continued growth. In our aerospace business, we have a strong mix of military, commercial and business/regional jet customers. At the same time, we have a growing backlog in our specialty bearings business, strong demand for our Joint Programmable Fuze product, and visibility into upcoming customer requirements that imply good potential for several of our major commercial and military aerostructures programs. While the uncertain economic environment is a significant concern, I believe these factors will help to mute the impact on our aerospace businesses in the near term. A slowing economy will certainly impact our Industrial Distribution business as our customers include industries such as housing that have already been affected. Mitigating this impact will be the continued success of our national accounts program, which has been focused on the less cyclical food & beverage industry. The continuing strength of our business in the mining sector should also help weather a downturn. Long-term, we will look to build scale to increase profitability. With a strong balance sheet, we can supplement strong organic growth with targeted
ar07: 06

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

acquisitions that expand our geographic footprint, improve market access and enable us to better serve our customers, both large and small. No matter what economic climate we face, we will continue to execute on our long-term growth strategies. As we do this, we will look to the talent and dedication of Kaman's 3,618 employees. Shortly after joining Kaman last year, I visited many of the company's key facilities. I was impressed by the energy of the people I met, their dedication to meeting customer needs and to building a stronger, more efficient company for our shareholders. I was particularly impressed by the flexibility and willingness of senior managers to adjust priorities and think in new ways in response to our continually changing business environment. Although we are a company with powerful technology platforms and state-of-theart facilities, our ultimate success requires positive and enduring relationships between our people and our customers. These relationships are built on credibility and strong performance, which we must demonstrate day in and day out. Building on the momentum we've achieved will require flawless execution on our existing programs and new business awards based on superior performance. In addition, we will focus on balancing our organic growth with acquisitions that add scale, increase our purchasing power and drive margin improvement. Finally, I would like to personally acknowledge the support and dedication of the company's Board of Directors and the many contributions of Paul Kuhn. Paul led this company through a period of dramatic transformation that included our recapitalization into a single class of common stock, a fundamental realignment of our aerospace business, the acquisition of companies that have extended our capabilities in areas targeted for growth, the application of Lean principles throughout the organization, and the realization of a desire to find a strategic buyer for the Music segment. Paul's unerring leadership inspired outstanding performance throughout the company and led to strong improvements in financial and operational results. He and his world-class management team have built a very sturdy foundation for the future. I look forward to working with this team to help Kaman Corporation and each of our businesses reach their full potential.

neal j. keating President and Chief Executive Officer
ar07: 07

