LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Dear Shareholders,
"I believe the spirit of resolve and achievement lives on in virtually everyone at Kaman today as we face the greatest challenge of all: tomorrow." Charles H. Kaman, our founder, spoke these words decades ago, yet I find them just as relevant today as I begin this year's Annual Report.
2008 was a year during which we achieved important milestones in our Aerospace and Industrial Distribution businesses and demonstrated the resolve to address difficult operational issues and a deepening economic slowdown. ­ We augmented our strong organic growth with three acquisitions, each of which deepens our capabilities and broadens our customer base. Brookhouse in the Aerostructures segment is the largest acquisition in the company's history and our first in aerospace since 2002. Industrial Supply Corporation (ISC) and Industrial Rubber & Mechanics (INRUMEC), the first acquisitions in the Industrial Distribution segment since 2003, are important to the segment's growth strategy. ­ We strengthened our management team with highly capable individuals who will be instrumental to our long term success. Greg Steiner is president of Kaman Aerospace Group with direct responsibility for all of our aerospace businesses ­ he brings a wealth of experience in the aerospace industry and will help lead our aerospace companies in reaching their full potential. Bill Denninger has joined us as our Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Bob Garneau who retired late in 2008. Bill brings to us many years of experience in both the aerospace and industrial distribution businesses and will add considerable strength to our leadership team.

03

I N T H O U S A N DS E XC EP T P ER S H A R E A M O U N TS ( C O N T I N U I N G O P ER AT I O NS )

2008

2007

Net sales Net earnings Total assets Per share amounts: Net earnings per share: Basic Diluted Dividends declared Shareholders' equity

$ 1,253,595 35,107 762,613

$ 1,086,031 36,491 634,863

Financial Highlights

1.39 1.38 .56 10.77

1.50 1.46 .53 15.69

­ In our Aerospace segments, Specialty Bearings once again delivered strong results as they continue to expand positions on new aircraft platforms; Precision Products achieved full rate production on the Joint Programmable Fuze (JPF), increasing sales substantially compared to 2007 while also laying the groundwork with the U.S. government to increase longer term profitability for the JPF program; Aerostructures delivered steady performance on the Sikorsky BLACKHAWK program and won a place on the Boeing A­10 re-wing program that will add critical business base to the operation when full scale production begins in 2010; Helicopters arrived at an agreement with the Commonwealth of Australia to terminate the SH­2G(A) program, which frees management to remarket the aircraft and focus squarely on the future. Aerostructures management also devoted considerable time during the year to addressing operational issues at the Wichita facility. ­ Our Industrial Distribution segment performed well through most of the year, particularly in achieving new national account wins and renewals, but felt the effects of a sharply deteriorating business climate in the last few months that impacted performance and poses a challenge for all of our businesses as we enter 2009. Our financial results for 2008 reflect the operational and economic difficulties I just mentioned. Kaman reported net earnings from continuing operations of $35.1 million, or $1.38 per diluted share, compared to $36.5 million, or $1.46 per diluted share in 2007, a decrease of 5.5 percent. Net sales from continuing operations for 2008 grew 15.4 percent to $1.3 billion, compared to $1.1 billion

04

KAMAN · 08

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

in 2007. The 2008 results include a $7.8 million non-tax deductible goodwill impairment charge and various amounts for operational issues at our Wichita Aerostructures facility, while the 2007 results include $6.4 million in pretax charges for the Australia helicopter program. However, to understand the entire story for 2008, we must look behind the numbers and the following operations review provides that added perspective. Segment Operations Review Our Aerostructures segment serves both military and commercial customers across a range of fi xed wing and rotorcraft platforms. Due to operational issues encountered during the year in our Wichita, Kansas facility the segment had an operating loss for 2008 of $5.9 million, compared to operating income of $13.2 million in 2007. Revenues for 2008 increased by 44% to $147.6 million over 2007.
AEROSTRUCTURES

The revenue increase for the year reflects the addition of Brookhouse, which was acquired during the second quarter and contributed sales of $32.3 million, combined with higher BLACKHAWK program volumes. The acquisition of Brookhouse was a very significant event for Kaman Corporation. It was the largest acquisition in the company's history and our first in the aerospace business since 2002. Brookhouse, based in Lancashire, United Kingdom is a leader in the design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and aerospace tooling, as well as repair and overhaul services, and is an excellent fit for Kaman. It diversifies our customer base, extends our technology reach and expands our presence onto a number of additional platforms with solid growth prospects. In addition, the after-market services business will increase our capabilities in the higher-margin repair and overhaul business. The acquisition brings a superb team of employees to the Kaman family, led by Chief Executive Richard Thorley. This acquisition reflects our strategy of supplementing organic growth with targeted, strategic acquisitions and commitment to building our aerostructures business. We also recognize the importance of continued organic growth and were pleased to be awarded a contract by Boeing to produce wing control surfaces including inboard and outboard flaps, slats and deceleron assemblies for the A­10 re-wing program. This contract has the potential to exceed $100 million over five years beginning in 2010 with target rate production expected to be reached in 2011.

TOP: GREG STEINER ADDRESSES AEROSTRUCTURES EMPLOYEES IN CELEBRATION OF THE AWARDING OF THE A­10 CONTRACT BELOW: U.S. AIR FORCE AND BOEING OFFICIALS JOIN AEROSTRUCTURES EMPLOYEES FOR THE CELEBRATION

05

Our Precision Products segment continued to show mixed results with significantly higher sales but a decline in operating income for 2008 to $7.3 million, compared to $10.5 million in 2007. Sales were $118.0 million for 2008, compared to $87.5 million last year. The sales increase primarily reflects higher JPF program shipments, while the profit decline reflects the sale of the 40mm product line at the end of 2007 and substantially lower JPF facilitization revenues, as the program was essentially completed in 2007.
PRECISION PRODUCTS

Operating income for 2008 was $10.1 million, compared to $2.6 million in 2007, which included pretax charges of $6.4 million related to the company's Australian helicopter program. Segment sales in 2008 were $69.4 million, compared to $72.0 million last year.
HELICOPTERS

Sales were lower largely due to reduced service center revenues from the Australia helicopter program, partially offset by higher revenue from Sikorsky subcontract work. The improvement in 2008 operating results for the Helicopters segment principally reflects the absence of a charge for the Commonwealth of Australia SH­2G(A) helicopter program and improved operational performance across the segment. Under the terms of our termination agreement, title to the eleven SH­2G(A) Super Seasprite helicopters was transferred to Kaman in February 2009, along with spare parts and associated equipment. We are now free to remarket the aircraft to other customers, sharing the proceeds with the Commonwealth. Revenues and margins continued to grow in our Specialty Bearings segment. For 2008, operating income rose 21.2% to $50.2 million from $41.4 million last year. Segment sales in 2008 were $141.5 million, compared to $124.0 million in 2007, an increase of 14.1%.
SPECIALT Y BEARINGS

UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION PRESENTS KAMATICS WITH THE UTC SUPPLIER GOLD AWARD

06

KAMAN · 08

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Revenue growth reflects increased demand across most markets, while the higher profit margins were the result of the segment's leverage from increased sales volume and our continuous efforts to drive lean performance. I am particularly proud that United Technologies Corporation (UTC), one of the world's premier companies, has presented the Kamatics subsidiary within the Specialty Bearings segment with its UTC Supplier Gold Award. UTC has thousands of suppliers worldwide and Kamatics is only the 19th company to have received the award, which deservedly recognizes the customer service focus and dedication to continuous improvement of the entire Kamatics team.
INDUSTRIAL DISTRIBUTION

Last year was an eventful one for our Industrial

Distribution segment. Operating income for 2008 was $35.4 million, an increase of 7.1% over operating income of $33.0 million in 2007. Sales increased 11.0% in 2008 to $777.0 million from $700.2 million a year ago. The sales increase was a result of two acquisitions during the year and strong organic sales growth through the first three quarters of the year. Our national account strategy continued to pay dividends during the year with major new wins such as Glatfelter and Pratt Industries among others, and important renewals including Hormel Foods, Campbell Soup, USG Corporation, Del Monte, and 3M. We also acquired two market-leading distributors, our first acquisitions in distribution since 2003. In March, we completed the purchase of Industrial Supply Corporation of Richmond, Virginia, a distributor of power transmission, fluid power, material handling and industrial MRO supply products to such diverse markets as shipbuilding, printing, machinery, transportation, electronics, pharmaceutical, rubber, chemicals and food processing. The company has four facilities in Virginia and two in North Carolina and complements our expanding network of nearly 200 branches, distribution centers and customer service centers across the U.S., Canada and Mexico. In October, we expanded into the Puerto Rican market through the acquisition of Industrial Rubber & Mechanics, Incorporated. This acquisition will allow us to serve additional national account customers, particularly those in the pharmaceutical industry based on the island. Although the year began with very positive momentum, strong economic headwinds in the fourth quarter stifled the segment's results and have made us more cautious of the short-term outlook.

07

Strategies for Growth Each of our businesses has a long-term strategy focused on organic growth complemented, when appropriate, by targeted acquisitions. In Aerostructures, the acquisition and integration of Brookhouse will enable us to pursue larger and more complex programs in composites while adding new platforms and customers. We will continue to pursue new work packages, such as the recently awarded A­10 contract. In Precision Products, foreign sales represent a particularly attractive growth opportunity, and we will focus on negotiating a more attractive pricing model in our work with the U.S. government. Remarketing the eleven SH­2G(A) Super Seasprite helicopters will be a top near-term priority for our Helicopters segment. Longer-term, we will focus on marketing our subcontract capabilities and leveraging our support/upgrade skills. In Specialty Bearings, we will continue to seek new markets for our technology, improve operational excellence, and increase content on current platforms. Finally, Industrial Distribution will maintain its dual focus on growing through winning new national accounts and by acquisitions that complement our strong national platform and expand our North American footprint. A Look Ahead Our growth strategies will guide us in 2009 and beyond as we face a very uncertain economic climate. I expect that our Industrial Distribution business, which experienced a significant slowdown during the fourth quarter of 2008, will continue to be impacted throughout 2009. Our Aerospace businesses should be somewhat less affected, as much of our production is for military platforms, which are less sensitive to economic swings. Once again, our mix of businesses and markets will serve us well as we move forward. During 2008, two men retired who were instrumental in steering Kaman for many years. Our former Chief Financial Officer, Bob Garneau, retired after 28 years with the company. Bob had the distinction of serving as CFO to all three of the CEOs who have led Kaman. I am one of those fortunate three, and benefited greatly from his insight and dedication. Also, our former Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Russ Jones, retired after 35 years with the company. In addition to his contributions to the financial operations of our company, Russ was our liaison to the investor community and outside world, where he was universally respected and trusted. Both Bob and Russ will be missed; we wish them all the best in their well-earned retirements.

08

KAMAN · 08

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

As mentioned earlier, we also gained two world-class executives in 2008. Bill Denninger became Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer upon Bob's retirement. He comes to us from Barnes Group, a Connecticut-based $1.5 billion global industrial products manufacturer and distributor, where he served as CFO. Joining us to lead our Aerospace businesses is Greg Steiner. Greg comes to us from GE Aviation where he most recently served as Vice President, Systems, responsible for systems integration including the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. I look forward to their contributions. In addition, early in the year, Tom Rabaut joined our Board of Directors and I welcome him to Kaman. They join a team of more than 4,000 colleagues who continue to be inspired by the leadership of our founder, Charles Kaman. His vision and values still motivate everyone at the company. These values reflect an operating style focused on achievement, innovation and excellence. Later in this report, we highlight a number of Kaman colleagues who exemplify Charlie's vision. We had many tremendous examples to choose from and the ones featured here are representative of the talent of the Kaman team. I believe that a key component of Kaman's enduring strength is the diversification our two businesses provide through their mix of markets, technologies and customers served. This diversity continued to serve us well in 2008 and will help see us through the challenging economic climate ahead. The Kaman that emerged from 2008 is more focused than ever on our core values, emphasizing excellence and efficiency across all operations, relentless commitment to customer service, and fostering both innovation and prudent financial management throughout the organization. These values, supported by the continued resolve of our dedicated employees, are the foundation on which we build value for our customers and shareholders. Finally, I personally wish to thank the Board of Directors for their guidance and counsel during my first full year as CEO. Their experience, insight and commitment are valuable resources to our company. On behalf of everyone at Kaman, I thank our shareholders for their continued support and look forward to updating you on our progress in my next report.

NEAL J. KEATING Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

09

