To Our Shareholders, Two thousand and five was a year of important accomplishments for Kaman Corporation. The strategies we put in place over the past several years have yielded results that are evident in the company's financial performance for the year, and progress was achieved by each of our three business segments as they competed in their respective markets. In fact, certain of our businesses, including the Industrial Distribution and Music segments and our Kamatics aircraft bearing business delivered record sales and operating profits for the year. Beyond our operational accomplishments for the year, the single most important achievement in 2005 was the successful completion of our corporate recapitalization in November. As a result of this action, a single class of voting common stock has replaced the dual class non-voting Class A common stock and voting Class B common stock that had been in place. With each of our previously non-voting Class A common shareholders and all future shareholders now having the advantage of Kaman's new "one-share, one-vote" capital structure, I believe there will be a greater opportunity for the value of the company to be better reflected in the stock price, and this should make the benefits of the recapitalization well worth the effort that went into making it possible. The recapitalized company should now have even better access to growth capital. In previous communications we have reported on the strategies that are in place for each of our businesses. In last year's annual report, I commented on the progress we had made in executing those strategies. In 2005, the result of years of effort came together for the good of our shareholders, and the many accomplishments achieved during this period have enhanced Kaman's strong foundation for future growth. Internal growth opportunities exist for all of our businesses, and attractive potential acquisitions exist for several of them. For example, in 2005, the company began production of BLACK HAWK helicopter cockpits for Sikorsky at our recently expanded Jacksonville plant ­ a major new program for an important customer. The Industrial Distribution segment continued to sign on prestigious new national account customers, and the Music segment, already the largest independent distributor of musical instruments and accessories, completed the acquisition of the industry's second largest independent distributor, Musicorp. Each of these accomplishments is highlighted later in this report. Kaman Corporation has a highly experienced, seasoned management team in place for each operating segment and at the corporate level measured against metrics that are aligned with shareholder interests. As an important sign of Kaman's commitment to enhancing shareholder value, the Board of Directors voted to increase the annual dividend to $0.50 per share, an increase of 13.6 percent over the previous dividend of $0.44 per share. Kaman has paid a cash dividend to its shareholders each quarter since 1971. The increase we announced in 2005 is a

2005 ANNUAL REPORT

1

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

In thousands except per share amounts Net Sales Net Earnings (loss) Total Assets Per share amounts: Net earnings (loss) per share Basic Diluted Dividends declared Shareholders' equity

2005 $ 1,101,196 13,028 598,497

2004 $995,192 (1 1,822) 562,331

$ .57 .57 .485 1 1.28

$ (.52) (.52) .44 12.48

reflection of the progress the Board and management believe has been made over the past several years and our confidence in the company's competitive position in the principal markets we serve. The company's balance sheet and cash generation attest to our conservative financial policies. The recapitalization, the acquisition of Musicorp, and the dividend increase were all funded in 2005 with minor impact on the balance sheet, and in November 2005, Standard & Poor's affirmed the company's BBB­ investment grade debt rating while upgrading its outlook for the company. While we have made significant progress, there remain some long-term issues that require further effort, such as the completion of our helicopter program for Australia. These issues are discussed in this letter and in the financial section of this report.

Financial Review For 2005, Kaman reported net earnings of $13.0 million, or $0.57 per share diluted, compared to a net loss of $11.8 million, or $0.52 loss per share diluted in the 2004 period. Net sales for 2005 were $1,101.2 million, compared to $995.2 million a year ago. The 2004 loss included earnings adjustments totaling $41.6 million that resulted from actions taken during the year to address issues in the Aerospace segment, several of which were behind us or approaching resolution as we entered 2005. Results for 2005 include the benefit of $7.7 million in pretax income arising primarily from recoveries of certain past due amounts that the company had written off in 2004 on programs with MD Helicopters, Inc. (MDHI), offset by $16.8 million in pretax charges for the Australia helicopter program. The 2005 results also include the impact of $8.3 million of primarily nondeductible expenses for stock appreciation rights triggered by a significant increase in the price of Kaman stock in 2005, and $3.3 million in nondeductible expenses for legal and financial advisory fees related to the company's successful recapitalization effort. These non-deductible expenses raised the effective 2005 tax rate to 54.8 percent.

Aerospace Segment Following a realignment of Kaman's Aerospace segment in 2004, the company has now completed its first year of reporting sales results for each of the four primary operating units of the segment: the Aerostructures, Fuzing, and Helicopters Divisions, and the Kamatics subsidiary. Results for the entire segment are given below, followed by a brief discussion of results for each of these operating units.

2

OUR KAMATICS PROPRIETARY AIRCRAFT BEARING BUSINESS DELIVERED RECORD RESULTS IN 2005. DEMAND REMAINS STRONG.

The Aerospace segment reported operating income of $33.3 million in 2005, compared to an operating loss of $14.3 million a year ago. The 2005 results include the $16.8 million pretax charge associated with growth in costs to complete the helicopter program for Australia, $2.7 million in pretax idle facility and related costs, and the benefit of $7.7 million in pretax income associated primarily with the MDHI recoveries. The loss in 2004 was primarily attributable to the previously mentioned earnings adjustments. Segment sales for the year were $288.0 million, compared to $252.4 million in 2004. THE AEROSTRUCTURES DIVISION operates from plants in Jacksonville, Florida and Wichita, Kansas, producing subcontract assemblies and detail parts for commercial and military aircraft programs, including several models of Boeing commercial airliners, the C­17 military transport, and the Sikorsky BLACK HAWK helicopter. Aerostructures Division sales for 2005 were $55.0 million compared to $45.4 million for 2004. I am pleased to report that operations at the Jacksonville facility continued to improve, with progress on manufacturing throughput and efficiencies, profitable results that attest to the wisdom of our move to these modern, expanded facilities, and good early results from the division's contract to manufacture cockpits for four models of the Sikorsky BLACK HAWK helicopter. The initial contract, awarded in the third quarter of 2004, covers 80 cockpits for production through 2006, and has a value of $26.4 million. Follow-on options, if fully exercised, would bring the total potential value to Kaman to approximately $100.0 million and would include the fabrication of 349 cockpits. Delivery of cockpits to Sikorsky began in April 2005, with 16 cockpits delivered to the customer through the end of 2005. Operations at the company's PlasticFab facilities in Wichita continued on track. In January 2006, PlasticFab received a $20.5 million multi-year contract from the Shenyang Aircraft Corporation of Shenyang, China to manufacture metal and composite bonded panels for the vertical fin leading edge, which will be part of the Shenyang supplied vertical fin on the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Also in January 2006, PlasticFab received a $6.7 million award from Sikorsky to manufacture and assemble composite tail rotor pylons for its MH­92 helicopters, which will be operated by the Canadian Maritime Defence Forces as CH­148 Cyclones. THE FUZING DIVISION operates from plants in Middletown, Connecticut and Orlando, Florida, producing safe, arm and fuzing devices for major missile and bomb programs as well as precision measuring and mass memory systems for commercial and military applications. Fuzing Division sales for 2005 were $58.4 million compared to $56.8 million for 2004. The company continued to work on material flow and manpower ramp-up for the important Joint Programmable Fuze product, and also worked toward resolution of two previously disclosed fuzing product warranty
FINANCIAL RESULTS

3

issues at Dayron (Orlando). It is currently expected that work to satisfy customers impacted by the warranty issues will be completed in 2006. The division's principal customers include the U.S. military, General Dynamics, Raytheon, Lockheed Martin and Boeing. THE HELICOPTERS DIVISION operates from facilities in Bloomfield, Connecticut. The division supports and markets Kaman SH­2G maritime helicopters operating with foreign militaries, and K­MAX "aerial truck" helicopters operating with government and commercial customers in several countries. The division has other small manufacturing programs, and markets its helicopter engineering expertise on a subcontract basis. Helicopters Division sales, including results from the company's small Electro-Optics Development Center (EODC) in Tucson, Arizona, were $82.3 million in 2005, compared to $73.1 million in 2004. The company's SH­2G(A) program for Australia has been the principal program of the Helicopters Division. As previously reported, the project has taken longer than expected and is in a loss position. Additions to the loss reserve were required in 2005, but the project is now, I believe, moving close to completion. Please see the "Management's Discussion and Analysis" section of this report for a more complete discussion of this and other important programs, including the company's lawsuit and counterclaims involving scope changes in a fixed-price contract between the EODC and the University of Arizona. Late in the third quarter of 2005, the division received a $6.4 million contract from Sikorsky Aircraft Corp. to assemble mechanical subassemblies for various Sikorsky helicopters, including the UH­60 BLACK HAWK and S­76 models. This work is now underway at the Bloomfield facility. THE KAMATICS SUBSIDIARY operates from facilities in Bloomfield, Connecticut and includes our German aircraft bearing subsidiary, RWG Frankenjura in Dachsbach, Germany. Products include our proprietary self-lubricating bearings, currently in use in almost all military and commercial aircraft produced in North and South America and Europe, and market-leading products for applications requiring the highest level of engineering and specialization in the airframe bearing market. Kamatics and RWG sales for 2005 were a record $92.2 million compared to $77.1 million in 2004. Order activity from both Airbus and Boeing was strong in 2005, as it was from other customers in both the commercial and military sectors, and backlogs at the end of the year were at a record level. As order levels increased, the subsidiary was able to increase production levels while maintaining delivery schedules, leading to additional sales opportunities and further penetration of the market. While we are still far from achieving the full potential of the Aerospace segment, the performance of each of the operating units provides the basis for optimism. In Jacksonville, for example, we still have the capacity to take on significantly more new work and the company is in the

4

THE INDUSTRIAL DISTRIBUTION SEGMENT DELIVERED RECORD RESULTS IN 2005, DRIVEN BY A FAVORABLE ECONOMY AND OUR VALUE-ADDED SERVICES FOR NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY.

issues at Dayron (Orlando). It is currently expected that work to satisfy customers impacted by the warranty issues will be completed in 2006. The division's principal customers include the U.S. military, General Dynamics, Raytheon, Lockheed Martin and Boeing. THE HELICOPTERS DIVISION operates from facilities in Bloomfield, Connecticut. The division supports and markets Kaman SH­2G maritime helicopters operating with foreign militaries, and K­MAX "aerial truck" helicopters operating with government and commercial customers in several countries. The division has other small manufacturing programs, and markets its helicopter engineering expertise on a subcontract basis. Helicopters Division sales, including results from the company's small Electro-Optics Development Center (EODC) in Tucson, Arizona, were $82.3 million in 2005, compared to $73.1 million in 2004. The company's SH­2G(A) program for Australia has been the principal program of the Helicopters Division. As previously reported, the project has taken longer than expected and is in a loss position. Additions to the loss reserve were required in 2005, but the project is now, I believe, moving close to completion. Please see the "Management's Discussion and Analysis" section of this report for a more complete discussion of this and other important programs, including the company's lawsuit and counterclaims involving scope changes in a fixed-price contract between the EODC and the University of Arizona. Late in the third quarter of 2005, the division received a $6.4 million contract from Sikorsky Aircraft Corp. to assemble mechanical subassemblies for various Sikorsky helicopters, including the UH­60 BLACK HAWK and S­76 models. This work is now underway at the Bloomfield facility. THE KAMATICS SUBSIDIARY operates from facilities in Bloomfield, Connecticut and includes our German aircraft bearing subsidiary, RWG Frankenjura in Dachsbach, Germany. Products include our proprietary self-lubricating bearings, currently in use in almost all military and commercial aircraft produced in North and South America and Europe, and market-leading products for applications requiring the highest level of engineering and specialization in the airframe bearing market. Kamatics and RWG sales for 2005 were a record $92.2 million compared to $77.1 million in 2004. Order activity from both Airbus and Boeing was strong in 2005, as it was from other customers in both the commercial and military sectors, and backlogs at the end of the year were at a record level. As order levels increased, the subsidiary was able to increase production levels while maintaining delivery schedules, leading to additional sales opportunities and further penetration of the market. While we are still far from achieving the full potential of the Aerospace segment, the performance of each of the operating units provides the basis for optimism. In Jacksonville, for example, we still have the capacity to take on significantly more new work and the company is in the

5

KAMAN MUSIC DELIVERED RECORD RESULTS IN 2005. OUR PREMIUM BRANDED LATIN PERCUSSION (LP) HAND PERCUSSION INSTRUMENTS LEAD THE MARKET.

process of bidding on a range of opportunities. The Fuzing division has the capacity to grow as producibility of the JPF fuze improves and output reaches anticipated demand levels. The completion of the helicopter program for Australia will free up capital and management efforts invested in that program. Overall, the reorganization of the segment undertaken in 2004 has provided meaningful enhancement to management visibility and accountability and has been an important enabler of the progress we are making in this segment. Industrial Distribution Segment Kaman's Industrial Distribution segment is the third largest North American industrial distributor serving the bearings, electrical/mechanical power transmission, fluid power, motion control and materials handling markets. Kaman offers more than 1.7 million items, as well as value-added services, to a base of more than 50,000 customers spanning nearly every sector of industry. The company has local branches in 70 of the top 100 U.S. industrial markets. FINANCIAL RESULTS Industrial Distribution segment operating income was a record $29.4 million in 2005, compared to $19.3 million for 2004. Segment sales for the year were $621.9 million in 2005, also a record, compared to $581.8 million in 2004. As these financial results indicate, the segment continued to compete well during 2005. The national accounts program continued to expand, reflecting service excellence and resulting in renewed multi-year contracts with companies like Procter & Gamble, and new or expanded national accounts with Birds Eye Foods, Cadbury Schweppes, Del Monte Foods Company, Tyco and others. In addition to benefiting from a strong focus on delivering superior customer service and improving efficiency, the segment's performance was boosted by continued strength in the industrial market in 2005. A strong market climate continued in the West region of the U.S. and helped offset softness in Southern and Gulf Coast markets as they recovered from the hurricanes of 2005. On balance, the market, as measured by the industrial production index and domestic manufacturing plant capacity utilization appears on track for stability in 2006. During 2005, the Industrial Distribution segment continued to work with key customers to identify opportunities to utilize the products distributed by the division in ways that help them increase efficiency, reduce downtime, and lower production costs. This focus on providing innovative customer service is at the core of our long-term strategy for building market share. At the same time, we continue to focus on geographic expansion and on continuous improvement to drive efficiencies that benefit Kaman and its customers. For the second year running, Kaman's distribution center order accuracy rate was among the industry's highest, topping 99.97%.
Paul R. Kuhn
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

6

