Dear Shareholders,

Two thousand nine was a difficult year for virtually every company across the globe and Kaman was not exempt from these challenges. Fortunately, our company entered 2009 with a number of advantages, including a diversified business model, a loyal customer base and a uniquely talented and dedicated group of employees. These advantages, combined with our decisive response to rapidly deteriorating economic conditions, including painful but necessary expense and staff reductions, helped Kaman endure this past year. In fact, I believe that the actions we have taken will position us to benefit as the economic environment begins to improve.
Our financial performance during 2009 reflects the challenges we faced and highlights the benefits of our diversification. For 2009, Kaman reported net earnings from continuing operations of $32.6 million, or $1.27 per diluted share, compared to $35.1 million, or $1.38 per diluted share, in 2008, a decrease of 8.0%. Net sales from continuing operations for 2009 declined 8.6% to $1.15 billion, compared to $1.25 billion in 2008. During 2009, we continued to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet, emphasizing prudent investments and liquidity. We ended the year with a debt to capitalization ratio of 16.9%, compared to 25.6% at year-end 2008. Cash flow performance was excellent; Kaman achieved $56.9 million in free cash flow during the year, an improvement of $86.6 million over 2008. This focus on financial strength and liquidity was recognized by the credit market, enabling us to replace our five-year, $200 million revolving credit agreement with a new three-year $225 million agreement. The new facility includes an accordion feature that allows Kaman to increase the size to $300 million with additional commitments from lenders. In addition, during August, we completed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits Kaman to offer and sell up to $200 million of equity, debt or other types of securities. Upsizing our revolving credit facility in the tough economic environment of 2009 was an impressive accomplishment. In fact, we were able to include six new lenders, and the offering was significantly over-subscribed. More importantly, the transaction has very positive long-term

Targeting Growth  in Aerospace
Since our founding in 1945, Kaman has been recognized for innovation and world-class products in the helicopter field. During 2009, we capitalized on our strengths to continue to drive growth while building a platform for future success. Case in point: a new five-year contract with Bell Helicopters to build composite helicopter blade skins and skin to core assemblies. This complex initiative will be performed at the Kaman HeliworXTM full-service Blade Center of Excellence aerospace innovation and manufacturing support center in Bloomfield, Connecticut. Backed by Kaman's infrastructure and expertise, HeliworX is the only subcontractor with the OEM advantage capable of offering design/analysis, manufacturing, and test and flight solutions for heliSal Bordonaro

copter manufacturers that require an experienced outsourcing option. The Bell Helicopters contract demonstrates Kaman's ability to leverage its OEM capabilities in support of other helicopter manufacturers. In fact, the HeliworX center supports some of the biggest names in aerospace, including Sikorsky and Northrop Grumman.

President, Aerospace Helicopters Division
Tim Bates

General Manager, Blade Center of Excellence and Subcontract Product Group Aerospace Helicopters Division

Targeting Growth  in Industrial Distribution
Scale is an important driver of profitability in the distribution business, and geographic coverage and product breadth are key enablers of excellent service to our broad customer base of national accounts. Acquisitions have therefore been, and will continue to be, a crucial component of Kaman Industrial Technologies' drive to improve profitability and growth. During 2009, we continued to integrate two strategic acquisitions completed in 2008: Industrial Supply Corp., of Richmond, Virginia, and Industrial Rubber and Mechanics, Incorporated (INRUMEC), based in Puerto Rico. Looking ahead, we are focused on identifying premier businesses that provide outstanding customer service and product technology to their customers. Last year, we added dedicated resources to help us accomplish this goal with the appointment of Phil Goodrich as Vice President, Business Development, at Kaman Corporation. He is focused on overall strategy development, including spearheading our mergers and acquisitions activities. He will work closely with Candace Clark, our Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, and Bryan Larson, who was recently promoted to Director, Business Development, to lead the acquisition effort at Kaman Industrial Technologies.
Phil Goodrich

Vice President, Business Development Kaman Corporation
Candace Clark

Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Kaman Corporation
Bryan Larson

Director, Business Development Kaman Industrial Technologies

3

implications for the company and, coupled with the shelf registration, provides us the financial flexibility needed to execute our growth strategy. Kaman's solid performance during a difficult year underscores the appeal of our diversified business model. During 2009, our Industrial Distribution business, which is highly sensitive to downturns in the industrial economy, saw a steep decline in sales and earnings. This decline was substantially offset by the improved performance of our Aerospace business, which tends to be counter-cyclical to our distribution business. This diversified model was established decades ago by our founder, Charles Kaman, and 2009 once again demonstrated the wisdom of his vision.
Segment Operations Review INDUSTRIAL DISTRIBUTION

As noted, 2009 was a difficult year for Industrial Distribution. Nevertheless, the business remained profitable and, just as importantly, continued to execute its long-term strategy. Operating income for 2009 was $12.6 million, a decrease of 64.4% from $35.4 million in 2008. Sales fell 16.9% in 2009 to $645.5 million, from $777.0 million in 2008. Even in a global recession, Industrial Distribution continued to add new national accounts and we were able to renew important existing agreements.

Neal J. Keating
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

4

letter to SHAreHolDerS

Reflecting the business's commitment to deliver-

Financial Highlights
I N t H o u S A N D S e Xc ep t p er S H A r e A M o u N tS (c o N t I N u I N G o p er At I o N S )

ing superb customer service and increasing market share, Industrial Distribution undertook an organizational realignment that will position it to provide customer experiences superior to those offered by our competitors.
2009 2008

Net Sales Net earnings total Assets per share amounts: Net earnings per share: Basic Diluted Dividends declared Shareholders' equity

$ 1,146,231 32,649 773,067

$ 1,253,595 35,107 762,613

Distribution also continued to expand its relationships with new suppliers and made very good progress in fluid power and motion control products, adding ASCO/Numatics, Sheffer Corporation, GEM® Steam Trap and Bison Gear. Additionally,

1.27 1.27 .56 12.14

1.38 1.38 .56 10.77

we launched our new ReliaMarkTM brand of bearings, roller chains, oil seals and shaft collars. This new product line represents a practical, high-value alternative for commonly ordered products that meet the requirements of standard-duty applications. For Kaman, ReliaMarkTM is an important way to differentiate ourselves from our competitors and improve financial results by offering a line of house-branded products at attractive margins in the highly competitive lower price point markets.
AeROSPACe

Our Aerospace segment serves both military and commercial customers across a range of businesses. Operating income for 2009 was $75.0 million, compared to $61.6 million in 2008, an increase of 21.7%. Revenues for 2009 were $500.7 million, an increase of 5.1% over revenues of $476.6 million in 2008.

Driving Customer Service  in Aerospace
At Kaman Aerospace, providing outstanding service to our global customers is an effort that transcends divisions and locations. Our work for the Boeing Company's A­10 re-wing program illustrates our success in seamlessly integrating our global platform. In 2008, Boeing contracted with Kaman's Aerostructures Division to produce wing components and assemblies for the Air Force's fleet of A­10s. This work, which calls for Kaman to supply inboard and outboard flaps, slats and deceleron assemblies, is being performed at our Jacksonville, Florida facility. Our HeliworX facility in Bloomfield, Connecticut is the Aerostructures Division's largest subcontractor on the A-10 program, performing bonding work. In addition, our Brookhouse facility, in the United Kingdom, is supplying A­10 tooling fixtures.
Jim Rogalski

Manager, Blade Center of Excellence Aerospace Helicopters Division
Mark Lefevre

The A­10 contract, a significant long-term growth driver for Kaman, demonstrates the power of our integrated global aerostructure components and assemblies platform and underscores the success of our long-standing relationship with Boeing.

Manager, Customer Focus Team Aerospace Aerostructures Division
Paul Barrett

Head of Design & Projects Brookhouse Tooling

Driving Customer Service  in Industrial Distribution
During 2009, Kaman Industrial Technologies began an organizational realignment designed to improve efficiency and intensify the business's focus on developing long-term customer relationships. Spearheading this effort is Steve Smidler, a seasoned sales and marketing executive who oversees the company's sales, marketing, customer service and operational functions. The new structure will result in our sales people spending more time in our customers' facilities, supported by a network of customer service and operations professionals enabled as a result of investments in business technology and a state of the art voice data system. This realignment positions Kaman to capitalize on scale, minimize redundancies and provide world-class customer service. "As we continue to develop a national platform, building relationships with key national accounts is more important than ever. Our new organizational structure will make all of us more responsive to the needs of existing customers while creating opportunities for acquiring new national accounts."  -- Steve Smidler
steve smidler

Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Kaman Industrial Technologies

5

During 2009, our military Aerospace business grew 11.8% and now represents nearly 70% of the segment's sales. However, the weak economy took its toll on the commercial aerospace business, particularly in the regional and business jet sectors, and this had a negative impact on our performance. Here again, the benefits of our diversification became obvious as the strength in the military market helped to offset weakness in the commercial market. We continued to win new applications for our aerospace bearings and increased our content on new programs, particularly the Boeing 787. Despite lower volumes, our aerospace bearing product lines continued to generate outstanding operating margins, with industry-leading lead times for our customers and a world-class manufacturing operation. In fact, for the second consecutive year, our Kamatics subsidiary has been awarded United Technologies' Supplier Gold status, an honor afforded very few companies in the world. We dramatically ramped up BLACKHAWK cockpit production for Sikorsky and our Jacksonville facility was named one of their top 100 suppliers. Brookhouse completed its first full year under Kaman ownership and advanced important long-term opportunities, including the Boeing 787 and Joint Strike Fighter. We also successfully

renegotiated Options 6, 7, and 8 on the Joint Programmable Fuze contract with the U.S. government, which will make that program solidly profitable. Early in the year, we took title to eleven Australian SH­2Gs as part of the Australian helicopter program termination and have been actively marketing these to approved foreign military customers. We have expanded our blade erosion-coating program and were awarded our first helicopter blade manufacturing contract from Bell Helicopters. This expands our subcontract customer base to include one of the largest helicopter manufacturers in the world. We also successfully demonstrated the unmanned K­MAX to the Marine Corps during January of 2010. The unmanned K­MAX represents an important potential opportunity for Kaman and, more significantly, could help to take American troops out of harm's way. Finally, we have realigned our aerospace management team to improve management's focus on our strategic initiatives, including business development and growth through acquisition. Our new structure will also allow us to devote our management resources where they are most effective and position the company to market our capabilities to customers as one aerospace supplier.

6

letter to shareholders

NEW LEADERSHIP

We continued to strengthen the Kaman senior leadership team during 2009. Philip A. Goodrich joined us as Vice President, Business Development. Phil was most recently Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, with Barnes Group, Inc., a Bristol, Connecticut-based $1.0 billion global industrial products manufacturer and distributor. He is responsible for strategy development, mergers and acquisitions, new market development activities for our existing products and services, and leading the company's new Strategic Goal Deployment initiative. Robert D. Starr was appointed Vice President and Treasurer midway through the year to lead our treasury efforts and to oversee our banking and capital markets relationships. Rob was most recently with Crane Co. and brings many years of treasury and banking experience to Kaman. Steven J. Smidler joined Kaman as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Kaman Industrial Technologies, a newly created position in which he will oversee the company's sales, marketing, customer service and operational functions. Steve joins us from Lenze Americas Corporation, where he served as Executive Vice President, with responsibility for marketing, sales, finance, business systems and product technology for the

Americas. He brings with him almost three decades of experience in high technology products, sales management, marketing and general management at companies including Eaton Corporation and Rockwell Automation. Even this brief overview of our performance during 2009 demonstrates that Kaman was very active despite the severe headwinds we faced. New customer relationships, expanded product offerings, an enduring focus on financial strength and key additions to our management team point to a year of solid momentum. Unfortunately, we were forced to reduce our cost structure in response to the overall drop in demand brought about by the global recession. In addition to layoffs across the company, we eliminated some annual merit increases, committed to less overtime, imposed salary reductions and furloughs, and many of our employees received lower commissions and bonuses. These were tough but necessary decisions, and our employees rose to the challenge, working harder and with more ingenuity than ever to see our company through this challenging period. Their understanding and continuing commitment reminds me how proud I am to lead this organization.

Charting  Financial Strength
A long-standing commitment to maintaining financial strength served Kaman well during the recent economic downturn and will continue to support the company in any economic environment. While facing unprecedented economic turmoil during 2008­2009, Kaman maintained profitability by acting quickly to adjust our cost structure to the new environment. In fact, in 2009 we exceeded our free cash flow target, which enabled us to reduce debt during this period. Our new and upsized revolving credit agreement, a significant accomplishment in the current financing arena, provides financial flexibility for expansion, including acquisitions. In addition, in 2009, we took title to eleven formerly Australian SH-2G(I) helicopters, which we are now actively re-marketing. This action reduced our financial
Bill denninger

risk and provides significant upside opportunity. Even as we aggressively seek opportunities to grow our businesses, our guiding principles ensure that prudent risk taking and a relentless commitment to financial strength will always be central to Kaman's strategy.

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kaman Corporation

Charting  Community Support
Giving back to the communities in which we do business has been a tradition since our founding. In 2009, despite tough economic conditions, Kaman continued to invest in the future by supporting promising young scholars. At the University of Hartford near our headquarters in Connecticut, we provided Charles H. Kaman Engineering Scholarships to several undergraduates and supported the Hartford Scholars Program, which offers tuition assistance to Hartford residents who are admitted to the University. In 2009, we added to the list of more than 140 children of Kaman employees who over many years have been awarded Charles H. Kaman merit-based college scholarships. 2009 recipients were: Benjamin Conlon, Ithaca College, son of Carl Conlon, Kaman Industrial Technologies; Eric Sun, Brown University, son of Hwai Chi Sun, Kaman Helicopters Division of Kaman Aerospace; and Seth Price, Wagner College, son of Noel Price, Kaman Industrial Technologies
Neftali Torres

Senior, University of Hartford, College of Engineering Charles H. Kaman Engineering Scholarship Recipient

7

lOOKing AHEAd

There are encouraging indications that the worst of the recession may be behind us. The exact shape and strength of the recovery is still unknown. Nevertheless, I believe that Kaman is positioned to prosper in the coming year and beyond. In Industrial Distribution, the improving economy will have an immediate impact on revenues and margins. In Aerospace, we expect to ramp up several new programs, including the A­10 re-wing and the Bell blade components contract. We also participate in several programs that we expect to begin production ramp-ups in the near future. These include the Boeing 787, F­35/Joint Strike Fighter, the Airbus A350 and the Airbus A380. I am also optimistic about both the unmanned K­MAX program and the sale of our eleven SH­2G(I) helicopters. Finally, we continue to believe that the trend toward increased outsourcing and consolidation in the aerospace industry will serve us well in the longer term. The cover line of this year's annual report is "The Way Forward." This phrase reflects our confidence that Kaman has the strategies, the financial resources and the people needed to

continue to build a world-class company for our shareholders, our customers, our employees and our communities. The future is never certain, and making predictions about the economy is particularly difficult in these unprecedented times. What I can say with certainty is that our company is strong, focused and resilient. The past twelve months have tested our resolve and we have emerged more confident than ever in our underlying businesses, our strategies for nurturing their growth, and the capabilities of our people. Before I close, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our Board of Directors for their counsel and support. Their experience, insight and commitment are valuable resources to our Company and it was never more apparent than over the past year. We also welcome both William Higgins and George Minnich to our Board of Directors. They each bring a unique set of skills and experiences to our board and we look forward to their contributions. Finally, on behalf of everyone at Kaman, I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence and support.

nEAl J. KEAting chairman, president and chief executive officer

