PAU L R . K U H N
C H A I R M A N, P R E S I D E N T A N D CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,

In a challenging operating environment, Kaman has remained committed to building each of its three business segments by focusing on Superior Products, Operational Excellence and Future Growth.
The challenges America faced in 2002 are by now well documented ­ continuing economic uncertainty, the menace of international terrorism and the prospect of war. These and other concerns have been unsettling to us all. For U.S. businesses, these issues have created unavoidable challenges. For Kaman specifically, our two largest business segments, Aerospace and Industrial Distribution, operate in sectors that have been among the most adversely affected by economic conditions. As a company, Kaman has long been guided by a tradition of conservative financial management, maintaining a diversified mix of businesses, carefully controlling costs and pursuing constant improvement. Additionally we are committed to the application of lean-thinking initiatives and the execution of our growth strategies for each of the three business segments. This focus enabled us to weather an economic storm in 2002 that continues to rumble. We ended 2002 with financial results that, while not where we want them to be, reflect the substantial actions taken to reduce costs and win new contracts and customers. Some of our initiatives in 2002 have been exciting. Among them were four acquisitions in 2002 and a total of six over the past 15 months. These transactions, discussed below, are an important component of our strategy to build the company. All of the acquisitions are complementary fits for our respective businesses. We have won new and follow-on contracts in Aerospace. We have continued the expansion of our roster of national accounts in Industrial Distribution. And in Music Distribution, we have added exciting new names to our line-up of products. Several of the actions have been difficult. Notably, in Aerospace we have had to take charges to provide for cost growth and loss reserves to complete our eleven-helicopter SH-2G(A) program for Australia. We have reduced the scope of the K-MAX program; begun the process of phasing out operations at the Moosup, Connecticut manufacturing plant, the company's oldest and least efficient facility; and we have reduced the aerospace workforce, an especially difficult decision necessitated by the decline in sales from prime helicopter contracts. As a result of the lower production levels, overhead expenditures must be absorbed at higher rates by active programs, resulting in higher costs, lower program profitability, and loss accruals for certain long-term programs, including a higher loss accrual for the Australian SH-2G program. In Industrial Distribution, we have also taken measures to adjust the work force.

1

Kaman has significant historical involvement in the helicopter industry and this market remains an area of important potential.

All of these actions were dictated by business conditions and are reflected in our reported financial results, as addressed below. FINANCIAL REVIEW The company reported a net loss in 2002 of $33.6 million, or $1.50 per diluted share, compared to net earnings of $11.7 million, or $0.52 per diluted share, in 2001. Results for 2002 include a pre-tax charge of $86 million to cover the write-down of the K-MAX helicopter assets ($50 million), for cost growth associated with the SH-2G(A) helicopter program for Australia ($25 million), and to phase out operations at the Moosup facility ($11 million) by the end of 2003. In 2001, the company recorded a $31.2 million adjustment to sales and pre-tax earnings related to growth in the estimated costs to complete the SH-2G(A) helicopter program for Australia. As a result of the 2002 and 2001 Australian program adjustments, the contract is now in a loss position. Excluding the 2002 charge and 2001 adjustment, net income for 2002 would have been $21.8 million, or $0.96 per diluted share, compared to $30.5 million, or $1.33 per diluted share in 2001. Net sales for 2002 were $880.8 million, compared to $875.9 million last year. The Australia program adjustments reduced 2002 net sales by $6.5 million and 2001 net sales by $31.2 million. As we review the performance of each business segment, we will do so in the context of our previously identified strategies. A E R O S PA C E For the Aerospace segment, 2002 was a year of both challenges and progress. The operating loss was $55.2 million, compared to an operating profit of $6.5 million in 2001. The loss was primarily due to the charges described above. Excluding the charges in 2002 and the adjustment in 2001, operating profits in 2002 were $30.8 million compared to $37.7 million a year ago. Year 2002 net sales were $275.9 million, versus $301.6 million in the prior year. Acquisitions in this segment in 2002 and 2001 contributed $20.0 million to the top line in 2002. Excluding the impact of the Australia program adjustments, 2002 net sales would have been $282.4 million compared to $332.8 million in the prior year. Kaman's strategy for the Aerospace segment has three principal elements. During the year, we made progress on each. Pursue additional SH-2G opportunities in the international niche market for intermediatesize maritime helicopters. Kaman has significant historical involvement in the helicopter industry and this market remains an area of important potential. Today, our SH-2G helicopters are operational with the Egyptian Air Force (ten) and New Zealand Navy (four). In addition, a fifth aircraft for New Zealand has been shipped and ten of the eleven aircraft comprising the Australian SH-2G program are substantially complete. Kaman's subcontractors have been moving ahead with development of the Integrated Tactical Avionics System (ITAS) software, unique to the Australia program. The company and the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) have now reached

2

Kaman's investments in the non-helicopter portion of its Aerospace segment reflect the prospects for growth in these core activities of the company.

an agreement for phased acceptance of the aircraft and the completion of aircraft deliveries. The phased acceptance of the aircraft is contingent upon the RAN's satisfaction with our progress toward important project milestones during 2003. The full ITAS system is expected to be completed, installed and operational on all of the Australian aircraft by the end of 2004. In 2002, Kaman received a $4.2 million contract to support the ten SH-2G aircraft in service with the Egyptian Air Force. The company is in a competition to supply up to six search and rescue helicopters to Egypt. Based on recent discussions with customer personnel, we believe the selection process is being delayed and will not likely be concluded in 2003. Kaman also continues work on a small program to refurbish four existing SH-2Gs previously in service with the U.S. Navy Reserves to operate aboard two Polish frigates. Two of the helicopters have completed the reactivation process and have been accepted. Reactivation of the other two aircraft, along with training, logistics support and delivery of initial quantities of spare components is expected to be completed during 2003. Year 2002 developments in helicopters also included the sale of two used K-MAX helicopters, consistent with our goal of pursuing both sale and lease opportunities for existing K-MAX inventory. Expand the Subcontract and Advanced Technology Products businesses through increased sales and marketing efforts and strategic acquisitions. In recent years, the non-helicopter portion of our Aerospace business has been an area of increasing focus due to the prospects for growth in these core activities of the company. In 2002, our Aerostructure and Helicopter Subcontracting and Advanced Technology Products businesses represented 69% of Aerospace sales, compared to 59% in 2001. At present the commercial aviation industry remains depressed from the levels experienced through the mid-1990s, and that will tend to limit the growth of Kaman's subcontracting sector in the short term. On the other hand, our C-17 subcontract work and the advanced technology products area are benefiting from increases in defense spending. These are vital and important industry niches that we expect will both do well over time, and Kaman is making the investments to ensure that the company will be a player. Kaman received a significant new contract from Boeing to supply aircraft subassemblies for the Boeing 747, 757, 767, and 777 families of commercial airplanes. Under this contract, Kaman will receive and assemble parts from approximately 100 suppliers that had been contracting with Boeing directly. Another important win was the September announcement of a follow-on to a major contract from Boeing for structural components for the C-17 military transport aircraft. The multi-year agreement for 60 additional aircraft shipsets has a potential of $67.5 million in sales through June 2007.

3

By migrating a common lean methodology to each Aerospace manufacturing and office environment, Kaman has streamlined production and administration while reducing costs.

The year 2002 also brought a geographic expansion of our business into vital European markets. In July, we acquired the privately held German aerospace bearing manufacturer, RWG Frankenjura-Industrie Flugwerklager GmbH, an addition that complements our proprietary Kamatics bearings business. RWG's largest customer is Airbus Industrie. Kaman's helicopter subcontract work includes multi-year contracts for production of fuselages and rotor systems for various MD Helicopters, Inc. (MDHI) aircraft, and the company has developed a large investment in its contracts with MDHI (including receivables, start-up costs, and other program expenditures). The company is concerned about this exposure, both because the programs have been running at significantly lower rates than originally anticipated due to various problems and because we have experienced some difficulty with receipt of payments from MDHI. The company is working with MDHI in an effort to address their payment issues. The company's Advanced Technology Products business has been a good performer, benefiting from increased defense spending. A key 2002 event was the July acquisition of Dayron, a manufacturer of bomb fuzes for a variety of munitions programs. Consistent with our plan to align the Aerospace segment's growth strategy with the company's core strengths, two non-core portions of the segment were divested. In the second quarter of 2002, we sold the microwave products line, and in early January 2003, we sold the Electromagnetics Development Center in Hudson, Mass. Further deploy lean thinking to improve manufacturing performance and reduce costs. During the year, Kaman's Lean Office migrated a common lean methodology to the manufacturing and office environments across the segment, utilizing the Shingijutsu consulting firm extensively. Among the outcomes: the establishment of numerous manufacturing cells that have eliminated thousands of hours of production time, thousands of feet of part travel, and thousands of required square feet along with associated costs for all of these factors. This initiative continues. INDUSTRIAL DISTRIBUTION The market in which our Industrial Distribution segment competes remained challenging throughout 2002. Importantly, our ability to reduce costs throughout the organization, coupled with our aggressiveness in the market, enabled us to maintain operating profitability. For the year, operating profits were $12.3 million, compared to $13.2 million in 2001. The reduction reflects continued pricing pressures. Net sales were $477.2 million, compared to $453.7 million in the prior period. Acquisitions over the past two years represented $38.0 million of 2002 sales and $8.0 million of 2001 sales. The industry's practice of offering supplier incentives is an important contributor to the company's operating profits, particularly during periods of lower economic activity.

4

Incremental steps to continuously improve business processes have helped us further enhance our world-class order accuracy and order fill rate performance in Industrial Distribution.

The Industrial Distribution segment also made progress with its core strategies. Expand geographic coverage in major industrial markets that increase Kaman's ability to compete for regional and national accounts. Our strategy is to expand geographically through acquisitions and the opening of new branches. In September 2001 we acquired the industrial distribution business of A-C Supply in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, increasing our penetration in the upper Midwest, a region where previously our coverage had been limited. We ended 2002 with the integration of A-C substantially complete. In March 2002, we acquired a majority ownership interest in Delamac de Mexico S.A. de C.V., a leading distributor of industrial products headquartered in Mexico City. Delamac has enhanced our ability to serve the Mexico-based operations of major North American customers. Our presence in Mexico was further enhanced with the opening of a branch in Guadalajara. In addition, we have entered coastal Virginia for the first time, with new branch locations in Lynchburg and Roanoke, and have also opened a new branch in Omaha, Nebraska. Our ongoing focus on expanding our geographic reach is enabling us to expand our portfolio of national accounts. In 2002, we added a number of these customers including Hershey Foods, Coca-Cola Enterprises, Interstate Brand Companies, Royal Phillips Electronics, and Federal-Mogul. Provide industry leadership in e-commerce initiatives. Our strategy for e-commerce has consistently focused on helping our customers become more efficient, competitive and profitable. Toward that end, we launched a new version of our award-winning Kamandirect.com site giving customers instantaneous order capabilities. Further enhance operating and asset utilization efficiencies throughout the enterprise. Our success in this area has enabled us to maintain operating profitability while better serving our customers. The incremental steps we have taken in this area, including implementing new lean-thinking initiatives to improve business processes, have helped us further enhance our world-class order accuracy performance to over 99.9% and our order fill rate performance to over 95%, two critical factors in customer satisfaction, while reducing warehouse costs. MUSIC DISTRIBUTION Music Distribution operating profits were $7.2 million in 2002, compared to $6.6 million in the prior year. Sales were $127.7 million, including $3.7 million from a 2002 acquisition, compared to $120.6 million in 2001. Our solid results in this segment reflect the sustained levels of consumer spending in the music retail market, one of the few bright spots in an otherwise disappointing year for retail sales. As with each of Kaman's businesses, we made progress on our core strategies for Music Distribution.

5

The benefits achieved by consolidating Latin Percussion into Kaman Music are expected to be a strong contributor to operating profitability and growth going forward.

Preserve the company's leadership position as the largest independent distributor of musical instruments and accessories. We furthered this strategic goal with the October acquisition of Latin Percussion, Inc., the world's leading provider of conga drums and other hand percussion instruments. With this transaction, our already strong line-up of brands now includes the respected names of LP, LP Aspire and Matador. The benefits achieved through the consolidation of Latin Percussion into Kaman Music are expected to be a strong contributor to the segment's operating profitability and growth going forward. Build on the company's strong brand identity while adding new market-leading names to the company's offering of proprietary products. In addition to Latin Percussion, our roster of strong brands was expanded in 2002 with the addition of Sabian cymbals and Elixir strings. It also marked the first full year for the Gretsch brand in Kaman's portfolio. Lead the market with distribution systems and technologies that add value and reduce costs for the customer, the supplier and the company. We continue to implement systems and technologies that improve efficiency and service for customers. During 2002, we added new features to our e-commerce site, kmconline.com, that further enhance the ability of our customers to interface with us electronically. C O M M I T T E D T O E X E C U T I N G O U R S T R A T E G I E S While we anticipate that the operating environment will remain challenging in the near term, the strength of Kaman's financial position provides the company the flexibility and resources to execute its strategies for each business. Our progress in the face of difficult market conditions is a direct reflection on the commitment and contributions of our people and the excellent leadership in each of the operating segments. I thank them all for their hard work and dedication. In closing, I also thank our valued customers and suppliers for their support. Our shareholders deserve special appreciation and the continued focus of management on building our businesses and delivering shareholder value over the longer term. We remain confident that we are taking the right actions and making the right investments to do just that. Sincerely,

PAU L R . K U H N
CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Kaman Corporation

6

