DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

For Kaman, 2010 was a year of progress on all key fronts. We were able to capitalize on a recovering economy and execute on our long-t term strategies, enabling us to achieve solid financial and operational performance. While we were pleased with our progress during 2010, the real story is what it means for the future of our company. We continue to make investments for growth, with our sights squarely focused on building a st trong ger, , more successf ful l comp pany y for our cust tomers, , sh hareh hol lders and d emp ploy yees.
Our financial performance during 2010 reflects the benefits of restructuring actions we took in 2009, improved operational performance, acquisitions made during the year and our success in taking advantage of the improving economy. For 2010, Kaman reported net earnings of $38.3 million, or $1.47 per diluted share, compared to $32.6 million, or $1.27 per diluted share, in 2009, an increase of 17.4%. Net sales for 2010 increased 15.0% to $1.32 billion, compared to $1.15 billion in 2009. Our focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet, emphasizing prudent investments and liquidity, continued during 2010. Cash flow performance during the year was good despite financing higher levels of capital expenditures than in prior years as we accelerated investments for our future. Kaman achieved $15.8 million in free cash flow during 2010, compared to $56.9 million during 2009. Excluding a $25 million voluntary pension plan contribution in 2010, our free cash flow was $40.8 million. This emphasis on maintaining financial strength is a long-standing Kaman tradition, and will continue to be a core commitment. In fact, it is a source of considerable pride that 2010 marked forty consecutive years that Kaman has paid a cash dividend to shareholders. We had an active year on the financing front. In September, we negotiated a new and upsized revolving credit facility. This extended the term of our credit availability and gave us additional borrowing capacity. In November, we successfully completed a convertible bond offering of $115 million. This was significantly more than the $75 million we initially set out to raise, reflecting strong demand from the market. By diversifying our balance sheet, obtaining additional credit, locking in our interest rate as we enter a period of anticipated rising rates, and extending the maturity date of a large portion of our debt, we have positioned Kaman to fund our future growth,

Financial Highlights
I N T H O U S A N D S E XC E P T P E R S H A R E A M O U N T S

2010 Net Sales s Net Earni ings al Asse ets Tota Per share e amo oun nts s: Ne et ear rnings s per sh har re: Basic c Dilute ed Dividen nds dec cla ared Sh hareh holder rs' equit ty 1. .48 1.47 . 56 13 3 . 89 $ 1,31 18,5 513 38,3 324 89 95,7 757

20 009 $ 1,1 146,2 231 32 2,6 649 773 3,0 0 67

1.2 27 1.2 27 .5 56 12 2.1 14

including both acquisitions and investments in our existing businesses. Our strong balance sheet enabled us to execute on our growth strategy, funding both internal and external investments to accelerate organic growth and four acquisitions during 2010. These acquisitions included the largest distribution acquisition in the company's history and a key strategic acquisition in aerospace. Further discussion of these acquisitions is included in the segment operations reviews that follow. Investing in our people is a long-standing Kaman principle. During 2010, we advanced this tradition by inaugurating a new Leadership Development Program. This program identifies high potential employees across the organization who are our future leadership and provides them with development opportunities and resources to achieve their full potential. The last two years once again validated the soundness of our diversified business model, which is focused on complementary industries. During 2010, Industrial Distribution experienced robust organic growth as the manufacturing sector recovered from a difficult economic period. Aerospace performed well overall but experienced softness in certain commercial markets. This is in contrast to 2009, when strong aerospace performance offset a very challenging operating environment for industrial distribution. We expect this business model to continue to provide stability and confidence in the years ahead.

SEGMENT OPERATION A S REVIEW INDUSTRIAL DISTRIBUTION

From a financial perspective, 2010 was a year of strong improvement for Industrial Distribution. From an operational perspective, it was a very active one as well, a year in which the business continued to strengthen its franchise to achieve greater competitive strength and deliver more value to more customers in more locations. Industrial Distribution's operating income for 2010 was $30.3 million, an increase of 140% from $12.6 million in 2009. Sales rose 29% in 2010 to $832.0 million, from $645.5 million in 2009. The results achieved in 2010 were built on the foundation laid in prior years, and much credit for this goes to Jack Cahill, who retired in 2010 after thirtyfive years with Kaman, seventeen of them as President of Industrial Distribution. Jack built a culture at Industrial Distribution based on integrity, dedication, technical capability and hard work. He leaves the business in a very strong position, and we thank him for his contributions and wish him all the best in the future. Jack was succeeded as President of Industrial Distribution by Steve Smidler, a highly experienced executive who joined Kaman in late 2009 from Lenze Americas Corporation, where he served as Executive Vice President, with responsibility for marketing, sales, finance, business systems and product technology for the Americas. Steve has spent his three-decade career in industrial automation,

Jack Cahill and Steve Smidler In 2010, Jack Cahill (left) retired as president of Industrial Distribution after a 35-year career with Kaman. He was succeeded by Steve Smidler, a seasoned industry executive.

A Record Acquisition The acquisition of Minarik Corporation, a national distributor of motion control and automation products, is the largest ever for Industrial Distribution.

having previously worked at both Eaton Corporation and Rockwell Automation. Industrial Distribution made three acquisitions last year that substantially expanded its platform. In February it acquired the assets of Fawick de Mexico, S.A. de C. V. of Mexico City, which became part of Delamac de Mexico, Kaman's Industrial Distribution Mexican subsidiary. A distributor of Eaton Air Flex/Fawick products to a wide variety of industries throughout Mexico, this acquisition expands the bearings and power transmission platform already in place in Mexico. In April, Industrial Distribution acquired Allied Bearings Supply Company of Tulsa, Oklahoma. Allied is a distributor of bearings, power transmission, material handling and industrial supplies to diverse markets that include the oil, gas, refinery, drilling equipment, steel, cement, paper, and food industries. Allied has a reputation for technical excellence and exceptional customer service, making it a great cultural fit with Kaman. The acquisition provides a strong position in Oklahoma and Arkansas and increases our exposure to the oil, gas and petrochemical industries. Later in April, we acquired Minarik Corporation, the largest acquisition ever for Industrial Distribution. Minarik is a national distributor of motion control and automation products, with one of the most complete offerings in the industry, including many of the leading brands of sensors, servos and automation control products serving global manufacturers. As the only

national distributor focused on the motion control and automation industries, Minarik is a great strategic fit for Kaman, increasing our geographic footprint and served market. The acquisition also increases our scale, allowing us to further leverage our existing infrastructure. Although acquisitions contributed significantly to Industrial Distribution's expansion during 2010, the business never lost focus on organic growth. New national account wins provided strong testament to the strength of our franchise, the value of our service and the ingenuity and commitment of our people. Investments in technology to improve productivity and support growth included enhancements to business systems, a new data warehouse and a voice over IP phone system. Over time, these investments will boost productivity, allowing Industrial Distribution to improve margins while strengthening its focus on the customer.
AEROSPACE

Our Aerospace business experienced a challenging year, due primarily to market conditions and a supplied component issue with the Joint Programmable Fuze (JPF) program. Operating income for 2010 was $67.2 million, compared to $75.0 million in 2009, a decrease of 10.5%. Excluding a $6.4 million goodwill impairment charge and a $2.0 million charge related to a contract resolution, Aerospace operating income in 2010 was $75.6 million, 15.6% of sales. Revenues for 2010 were $486.5 million, a decrease of 2.8% from

500 Reasons to Celebrate During 2010, Kaman delivered our 500th cockpit to Sikorsky. Here, Kaman employees in Jacksonville celebrate with their Sikorsky partners and the U.S. Navy.

Important Milestone In September 2010, Kaman delivered the first major A­10 structural assemblies to Boeing Defense Space & Security in support of the A­10 Wing Replacement Program.

2009 revenues of $500.7 million. The lack of revenue growth was primarily the result of lower sales of bearing product lines due to a dramatic decline in the regional and business jet markets, lower commercial helicopter production and lower aftermarket sales due to reduced airline capacity. Overall, however, in a tough environment, Aerospace made progress on all fronts. Operational performance was strong, as evidenced by our BLACK HAWK cockpit production program for Sikorsky, which grew during 2010, surpassing our expectations. By mid-year we had delivered our 500th cockpit to Sikorsky; we commemorated this achievement in a joint celebration with Sikorsky, the U.S. Military and our Jacksonville employees. We continued to ramp-up the A­10 program, including delivery of the first major A­10 structural assemblies to Boeing Defense Space & Security in support of the program. This program stretches across the organization with contributions from our Aerostructures, Helicopters and Tooling divisions. The success of this integrated program validates our strategy of offering broader solutions to our customers. Also during 2010, our Helicopters division delivered the 1,000th BLACK HAWK rotor blade protected with an erosion-resistant coating. These deliveries for U.S. Army BLACK HAWK helicopters utilize this innovative coating system, which delivers significantly improved blade life, increased aircraft availability and reduced maintenance requirements. As announced during the first quarter of the year,

we experienced a supplied component failure during acceptance testing under our Joint Programmable Fuze program. This prevented us from making planned JPF shipments in the first half of the year. Working with the supplier and our customer, we resolved this issue and resumed JPF deliveries. In fact, JPF performance during the second half of 2010 was outstanding with deliveries of over 18,000 fuzes. During 2010, we closed JPF orders from the U.S. Air Force and foreign customers totaling $126 million. This, coupled with our strong recovery and operational performance in the second half of the year, further underscored our customers' confidence in both Kaman and the JPF program. The JPF continues to demonstrate strong system reliability and operational flexibility, further emphasizing its status as a critical program to U.S. and allied militaries around the world. We also continued to successfully capture key business around the world from both new and existing customers to add to our backlog. In our bearings product lines, we established new content on a broad base of important new platforms, including the Agusta Westland 169, Sukhoi Superjet 100, Boeing 787 Dreamliner, and the Airbus A350. We also won a significant contract to produce composite doors for the Learjet 85 program. Programs that we expect to ramp up during the year, including the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter and A­10 re-wing program, will provide additional incremental growth as they reach the production stage.

Demonstrating Success Kaman's Helicopters Division successfully demonstrated the ability of the unmanned K­MAX to resupply troops by unmanned helicopter at forward operating bases.

During 2010, we moved through several hurdles in qualifying a new Tufflex® application for the F­35/B (Joint Strike Fighter), the Short Take Off and Vertical Landing variant. We still have additional steps to complete, but our progress has been encouraging and the Joint Strike Fighter represents a significant opportunity for us. We expanded relationships with several customers during 2010 in part due to our strong performance on existing programs. We leveraged our successful performance on the Bell Helicopter blade component manufacturing program to secure a contract to manufacture cabins for the AH­1Z helicopter. We value our growing relationship with Bell and are working with them across our aerospace business on a number of platforms. We advanced the unmanned K­MAX® program with a successful demonstration to the Marine Corps early in the year of the capability to resupply troops by unmanned aircraft at forward operating bases. In December, the U.S. Naval Air Systems Command awarded Lockheed Martin and Kaman a $45.8 million contract for K­MAX unmanned aircraft systems for a U.S. Marine Corps evaluation of unmanned cargo resupply in an operational forward deployed environment in late 2011. These developments underscore the very attractive long-term opportunity represented by the unmanned K­MAX program. Aerospace continued to invest in its future while winning new business and fulfilling current contracts.

We acquired Global Aerosystems, LLC of Everett, Washington, a provider of aerostructure engineering design analysis and FAA certification services to the aerospace industry. This acquisition, which brings more than 120 aerospace engineers to Kaman, expands our capabilities in the fields of aircraft design and stress analysis. In combining Global's expertise with Kaman's manufacturing capability and experience, we have formed a formidable team to compete for higher-margin life-ofprogram opportunities across the aerospace industry. Also late in 2010, Kaman formally inaugurated a new state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in the Mexican city of Chihuahua. The new facility will initially manufacture extrusions and sheet metal details to support the aerospace industry worldwide. Once components are completed in Mexico, the parts will be shipped either to our manufacturing operations in the U.S. for final assembly into structures or directly to end customers. The new plant is part of our ongoing strategy to grow our global footprint and enhance sourcing, manufacturing, engineering and business development capabilities around the world in support of our customers.
A LOOK AHEAD

It's always difficult to predict how our markets will perform in the months and years ahead, and it is particularly difficult today, in the midst of a fragile economic recovery. But I can say with confidence that we have positioned the company to maximize

The Next Generation of Kaman Leaders Pictured are the inaugural members of Kaman's Leadership Development Program, which was launched in 2010.

Distinguished Service Edwin Huston (right) will be retiring from the Board of Directors in 2011 after nine years of distinguished service.

opportunities for growth and prosperity in any market environment. For example, in an era of extreme budget deficits there may well be cuts in defense spending, but we believe that we are well positioned with our funded defense-related programs to weather any cutbacks, and that our diversified customer base beyond defense will provide balance and stability in the long term. Our Industrial Distribution business should benefit from our investments in technology and acquisitions, growing customer relationships, new product lines, and predicted continued GDP growth during 2011. Regardless of the state of the economy, as we continue to press forward with our long-term strategies, Kaman will have several important assets to draw upon. First, we are a resourceful and innovative company. In fact, our engineers, led by Charles Kaman, have contributed many "firsts" over our history, including the invention of the servo-flap, the first turbine helicopter, the first twin turbine helicopter, the first remote controlled helicopter, the first all composite rotor blade, and the development of KAron®, our proprietary self-lubricating bearing technology. This spirit of innovation endures across our company, and will continue to propel our growth. Second, we have a diverse and loyal customer base that remains our most significant source of new business. In both Aerospace and Industrial Distribution, expanding relationships with existing customers have grown opportunities and provided strong validation of

the value of the solutions we offer. Before concluding, I would like to acknowledge the counsel and support of our Board of Directors. I would especially like to thank Ed Huston, who will be retiring from the Board at the annual meeting in April after nine years of service to Kaman. As a board member and Chairman of the Audit Committee, his integrity, experience and insight have served both management and shareholders well. I would also like to acknowledge our shareholders for the confidence they have demonstrated in our people and our efforts to deliver shareholder value through a stronger and more successful company. Kaman's employees continue to inspire with their dedication and resourcefulness. I thank them for their contribution to building a stronger, more prosperous Kaman. Finally, as this letter goes to press, we were saddened to learn that our founder, Charles H. Kaman, passed away at the age of 91. Charlie was a visionary aerospace executive, an accomplished inventor, a highly talented musician, and a leader and mentor to many long-serving Kaman employees. His contributions to our company, our industry and our country cannot be overstated. His legacy will endure and he will continue to serve as an inspiration to all Kaman employees.

