 To My Fellow Shareholders:
Two-thousand-seven was a landmark year for KBR. Our separation from Halliburton, perhaps the most significant milestone in the company’s history, was just the beginning. I am very pleased with what we accomplished on all fronts. We:
• Positioned the company for growth across a broader spectrum of business,
• Made great strides in strengthening customer relationships, risk awareness and our ability to create shareholder value,
• Resolved a number of important legacy issues and sold non-core businesses and
• Delivered record financial performance.
Foundation for the Future
As an independent company for the first time in 44 years, we started with a fresh perspective in defining our businesses, choosing our markets and positioning KBR for growth.
We set the process in motion well before our separation from Halliburton was complete, taking a hard look at our market opportunities, customer rela- tionships and competitive advantages. We coupled this analysis with a candid assessment of our efficiency in project pursuit and execution at the divisional level, and made the decision to restructure
our operations into six business units. The restructuring has greatly enhanced our prospects for faster and more stable growth across broader markets.
The changes began in the first quarter when we formed Ventures as a separate business unit. In September, we created four discrete business units dedicated to serving different segments of the global hydrocarbon industry. With the ability to focus very closely on their customers and specific market opportunities, KBR’s Upstream, Downstream, Technology and Services business units have improved our ability to segment and serve this diverse industry and to capture a bigger share of its explosive growth. The success we are achieving is evidenced
by a 42-percent increase in backlog from energy and chemicals customers.
I am extremely pleased with the results we are seeing from all of our business units, which are described briefly below and in greater detail later in this report.
Upstream, a clear market leader in gas monetization, is successfully leveraging KBR’s capabilities and experience to reclaim a top-tier position in offshore. Our industry-leading capabilities and excellence in project execution have been rewarded with numerous new
William P. Utt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
contract awards. In July, we won an EPC contract valued at $2.8 billion
for Sonatrach’s Skikda LNG project in Algeria. Throughout 2007 and into early 2008, we were awarded numerous off- shore engineering and design contracts. They include major offshore contracts for the Pazflor floating production, storage and offloading vessel topsides project in Angola, and the Pluto offshore production platform in Australia.
Government & Infrastructure, selected
as one of the contractors for the
U.S. Army’s LOGCAP IV program, is preparing for the transition to a new way of contracting. At the same time, we are diversifying to broaden our offerings and leverage our experiences from our Middle East work. The Allenby/ Connaught contract in the UK, valued
at $16 billion over 35 years, is an excellent example of how KBR has taken its skills and capabilities honed on the battlefield and extended these services in commercial applications. We successfully completed the first phase of construction under this contract during 2007.
Downstream offers tremendous opportunities, particularly in the Middle East and Africa. With a separate organization focused exclusively on this growth market, a strong global presence and technology offerings that differentiate KBR, we are exceptionally
 1

    2
well positioned in this arena. Our selection as Project Management Contractor for Ras Tanura, a world- scale chemicals and plastics production complex in Saudi Arabia, is evidence of the trust that our clients continue
to place in KBR.
Services is moving rapidly to return to our roots and reinvigorate our position in some of KBR’s legacy businesses – industrial services, construction and fabrication, which have not been a focus in recent years. Numerous contract renewals and awards, including field construction and module fabrication services for an upgrader expansion in Canada, increased our services backlog by $488 million, or 176%, during 2007.
Technology has long been a key differentiator for KBR, particularly in the downstream market. As a separate organization with an exclusive focus on applications and revenue opportunities for KBR’s proprietary technologies, this business unit will heighten the visibility for our offerings, maximize their value and expand our technology portfolio.
Ventures, formed as a separate business unit in January 2007, develops, finances and manages assets from KBR projects in which the company takes an equity position. Previously included in the results of other business units, the man- agement of our investments as a discrete business provides beneficial separationof construction and investment decisions.
Progress Against Our Goals
As outlined in early 2007, we placed
a great deal of emphasis during our
first year as a stand-alone company
on strengthening our customer relation- ships, achieving best-in-class risk awareness and creating shareholder value. I am very pleased with our progress. To strengthen customer relationships, we made what I view to be a very productive investment of my time, and that of our business unit leaders,
to personally visit with many of our customers to better understand their needs in today’s environment. In addi- tion, we have based our Downstream business unit in the UK and established engineering operations in Lagos, Nigeria, to get closer to our customers and pro- vide better support globally. I believe that our positive sales results starting in the second quarter reflect these efforts.
In terms of risk management, we now have rigorous, centralized processes in place to ensure that the risk we assume is understood, manageable and appro- priately priced. We reduced the risk in our project portfolio by shifting the mix to include more reimbursable projects. By the end of 2007, our portfolio was 72 percent reimbursable and 28 percent fixed-price, compared to 55 percent and 45 percent, respectively, a year earlier.
Contributing to the positive shift was
the conversion of our contract for the Escravos gas-to-liquids project in Nigeria from fixed cost to reimbursable. In addition to resolving a major legacy issue, this better aligns contractor and owner interests to move the project toward successful completion in a challenging environment.
We continue to seek attractive fixed- price opportunities and have developed innovative hybrid contract structures that benefit KBR and our clients, but we make sure that the risk we assume under all of our contracts is in the best interests of the company and our shareholders.
I am gratified by the strides we have made toward our goal of best-in-class risk awareness, which is the basis for best-in-class performance.

   KBR delivered record financial performance in a year that we also made a landmark transition and invested substantial time and resources to position the company for growth.
In addition to reducing the risk in
our portfolio, we sold some non-core businesses. In the second quarter, we completed the sale of our 51-percent interest in Devonport Management Limited, a nuclear submarine business in the UK, realizing approximately $345 million of net proceeds and an after-tax gain of approximately $101 million.
We sold our interest in the Brown & Root – Condor SPA joint venture in Algeria during the third quarter.
Delivering Record Performance
KBR delivered record financial performance in a year that we also
made a landmark transition and invested substantial time and resources to position the company for growth. Our income from continuing operations rose to $182 million, or $1.08 per share, a 177-percent increase over the previous year. Net income (including discontin- ued operations) rose to $302 million,
an all-time record for KBR.
We began reporting for all six of our business units at the end of last year. For 2007, our energy- and chemicals-focused business units, Upstream, Services, Downstream and Technology, produced business unit income of
$273 million on revenue of $2.7 billion. Our Government & Infrastructure business unit produced $279 million of business unit income on revenue of $6.1 billion. The robust growth in our backlog, driven by significant new contract awards that are discussed in later sections, provides a springboard to growth in 2008 and beyond.
Setting a Course for the Future
We approach the end of our first year as an independent company with gratitude to our former parent company and our employees for their contributions to
the strong position from which we are building a very promising future.
We are unique in our ability to safely deliver any project, at any time, in
any conditions – qualities that we demonstrate every day across all of our business units. Our workforce is at the heart of our success. They go places and do things that others cannot or will not do, and I know that our clients appreciate their talents and sacrifices.
We will continue to expand and enhance the competencies of our business units to further differentiate KBR from our competitors. We are leveraging our high-
value competencies in expanding markets to pursue differentiated offerings that can deliver consistent, predictable earnings for our shareholders. And we are creating growth by horizontally expanding our offerings across our existing hydrocarbon and G & I businesses.
We serve large markets that offer unprecedented opportunity, and we are exceptionally well positioned to benefit from their robust growth. With a long and successful history, unsurpassed capabilities, strong market positions and a dedicated team of the industry’s most talented people, we are poised to create value for our shareholders by delivering unparalleled success to our clients.
Very truly yours,
William P. Utt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 2008
 3
 