 William P. Utt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
To My Fellow Shareholders:
KBR showed remarkable resilience and strength in a year that tested the mettle of even the most successful and best- established companies. We grew revenue by 5 percent, produced solid financial results, won significant new project awards and expansions that increased backlog across many of our businesses, and continued positioning the company
for growth in attractive new arenas.
However, I believe the true measure of success is in the value we create for our shareholders. During 2009, KBR’s stock price rose 25 percent, and we returned $63 million of cash to shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases.
Earnings and Backlog Remain Strong
Despite a difficult market environment, income from continuing operations, net
of tax was $364 million in 2009, up slightly from $356 million in the previous year. Revenue grew to $12.1 billion in 2009 from $11.6 billion the previous year. We remain focused on excellence in risk awareness and management as the road to stable, predictable earnings and growth.
A five percent increase in backlog during the fourth quarter drove year-end backlog to $14.1 billion, flat with the year-end 2008 level. Healthy growth in many areas of
our business offset the expected decline in LogCAP work and contributed to the substantial progress we made toward increasing the profitability of our backlog. While revenue backlog remained flat, job income backlog grew 21 percent during 2009.
I believe our solid performance is a tribute to a sound business model skillfully executed by the world’s finest workforce. We greatly appreciate the dedication and “can do” attitude of our employees, who once again rose to the toughest challenges and delivered
results under the most difficult of conditions.
Doing Things Right Every Time
We are committed, as a board and as
a management team, to a culture of compliance and transparency that fosters the highest standards of business conduct. We have worked for five years to undo the harm that was caused many years ago by people who did not share our values and are no longer associated with the company. In 2009, we reached settlements with the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission related to allegations of misconduct prior to June
of 2004. The financial impact of the settle- ments was modest, as the bulk of penalties will be paid by KBR’s former parent company pursuant to indemnities under our 2006 separation agreement.
While we are glad to close this chapter
and put these issues behind us, we deeply regret the impact to our shareholders and employees, and we pledge to prevent a recurrence. We continue to impress upon every employee, all across the world, that to work for KBR is to do things the right way – every time. Whether the issue is business ethics, safety, environmental pro- tection, or compliance with laws, regula- tions and policies, our organization has no place for bad behavior and no tolerance for deviations from our core values.
“Breaking and Building” for Growth
Three years ago, KBR became a stand- alone company with a clean slate on which to plan our future. At that time, we had two major business units primarily focused on LogCAP work and liquefied natural
gas. An analysis of our strengths revealed attractive legacy businesses that could be reenergized, plus promising new market opportunities where we could leverage our core capabilities.
We embarked on a “break and build” strategy, creating additional business units that could focus very closely on their customers and develop new markets. The reorganization of our diverse Government & Infrastructure activities during 2009 into four distinct segments completed our framework for the future. We now have ten market-facing business units supported by a corporate organization that is built for scale. We combine an unparalleled capacity to deploy skills and resources across all of our businesses with highly focused organizations that can get close to customers, capture emerging opportunities and drive growth.
A New Era for KBR
We saw the seeds of economic recovery begin to take root in the second half of 2009, when we began to reverse the relatively modest reductions we had made in our employee population. We fully expect to continue to grow during 2010 to the employee count we had at year-end 2008, arguably one of the best times in recent history for our company. We are having a great deal of success in attracting remarkably talented people who want to be part of the “go to” contractor for the world’s largest, most complex and most critical projects.
I am very optimistic about our future for many reasons. With one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry and a recently renewed three-year credit facility, we have the financial resources to capitalize as markets recover. Secondly, we are structured for growth. Our newly created business units are well positioned across
a variety of government, defense and infrastructure market sectors to focus on offsetting the income effects of the inevitable decline in contractor support of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. We also are working, in all of our businesses, to build on our early wins of front-end engineering contracts to capture a bigger role as projects move to the execution phase.
Finally, we are entering a new decade that is, in many respects, a new era for KBR.
We have worked through virtually all of our legacy issues and many of our lower margin or loss making projects. We now have
an attractive portfolio of businesses and opportunities that were chosen by the current leadership team to advance the strategy we developed when KBR became
an independent company. We look forward with great enthusiasm to a new era of creat- ing value for our shareholders, customers and employees.
Very truly yours,
William P. Utt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 2010
 1
