                   To My Fellow Shareholders:
Two-thousand-ten was a year of robust
growth, strong results and great promise for KBR. In the first full year of operations for the “new” KBR organization created under our “break and build” strategy, we capitalized on
the tremendous “breadth of franchise” we have crafted since becoming a stand-alone company four years ago. We achieved double-digit growth in operating income, net income and earnings per share, and we created substantial value for our shareholders.
We continue to make very deliberate and strategic expansions to our capabilities and geographic footprint, advancing our objective to be the contractor of choice for customers worldwide. Today we boast a base of businesses, markets and opportunities that may well be the broadest of any engineering and construction company in the world.
The Measure of Success
If, as I firmly believe, the true measure of success for a company is in the value it creates for share- holders, 2010 was a blockbuster year for KBR. Our stock price rose 60 percent, and we returned $265 million of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our stock performance reflected solid financial perfor- mance and prospects for continued growth.
Our earnings per fully diluted share grew to $2.07, up 16 percent from the prior year. Our operating income rose 14 percent. Our net income attributable to KBR reached a record level of $327 million, a 13 percent increase over 2009, and we generated $549 million of operating cash flow. These positive results are a testament to the strength we derive from our exceptional breadth of franchise.
In our Gas Monetization business, the Gorgon LNG project under construction on Barrow Island off the coast of Australia was a strong contributor to 2010 earnings. Numerous FEED wins over the last year position us well for later, and larger, stages of additional multi-billion projects.
Our International Government and Defence business turned in a solid performance,
with revenue up 28 percent and job income increasing 24 percent in 2010. The multi-decade Allenby & Connaught project for the U.K. Ministry of Defence was a major driver of year-over-year growth due to increased
construction activity as well as improved efficiency and margins.
Our Downstream business unit brought Saudi Kayan, the world’s largest ethylene plant, to a successful conclusion in 2010, grew revenues by 22 percent, and nearly doubled its job income compared to 2009. Technology, a relatively small but high-growth business, produced a 34 percent revenue increase and 31 percent growth in year-over-year backlog during 2010.
In Services, where 90 percent of our revenue
is derived from North America, we overcame lingering economic weakness to post a modest increase in job income during 2010. We view the international expansion of our industrial services footprint as a promising source of growth. We are already performing industrial services work at several international locations, including the EBIC ammonia plant in Egypt.
As expected, KBR’s total revenue declined in 2010 to $10 billion, primarily due to lower LogCAP volumes. The decline in LogCAP work also reduced our revenue backlog, but
it improved our margins. Our success in replacing lower-margin projects coming out
of our portfolio with more profitable work kept our job income backlog flat and increased our year-over-year backlog job income margins by 140 basis points.
Strong Business Model Skillfully Executed
Our many successes in 2010 are a tribute to the quality of our people and the strength of a care- fully crafted organizational design. With clearly defined strategies and markets, each of our 13 customer-centered businesses is closely focused on a discrete set of opportunities. Supported by a corporate organization that is built for scale, with the capacity to seamlessly deploy skills and resources wherever they are needed, our business units have an unrivaled ability to deliver – for customers and shareholders alike.
Our achievements also speak volumes about excellence in execution, which is demonstrated every day, all across the globe, by the world’s finest workforce. This is particularly true in the safety arena, where our employees delivered a 35 percent decrease in lost-time incidents and a 20 percent decline in recordable incidents during 2010. This degree of improvement from an already stellar safety record is a testament that our global team embraces KBR’s “nobody gets hurt” philosophy.
Investing in Our Future
Even as we leverage our exceptional breadth
of franchise to drive organic growth, we con- tinue making opportunistic investments and acquisitions to further expand our capabilities, geographic reach and/or customer base in a way that creates growth for our investors.
Our December 2010 acquisition of Roberts & Schaefer, a global leader in engineering, procure- ment and construction services for bulk material handling and processing systems, complements
several of our existing businesses. With the addition of ports and marine infrastructure capabilities, we gained pit-to-port and port-to- boiler capabilities that position us to participate in all aspects of mining and power development from pre-feasibility through construction.
In January 2011, we reacquired the outstanding ownership interest in London-based M.W. Kellogg Limited, enabling us to create, in concert with our Leatherhead operations, an expanded London operating center. The center will rank among the largest engineering and construction capabilities in the U.K. while yielding synergies to significantly reduce the cost of executing work.
Through several smaller acquisitions and investments, we gained specialized integrity management expertise in the off-shore market and made strategic additions to our growing technology portfolio.
Expanding Our Global Capabilities
Long recognized as a leading multi-national company, KBR is becoming a more relevant, multi-domestic company with the opening or expansion of offices in key regions of the world. The establishment or expansion of operating centers in Angola, Kazakhstan, Saudi Arabia and Perth, Australia, have heightened our presence and improved our access to local content. Our newly created leadership position of President, Middle East, underscores our commitment to serving this region in the infrastructure, defense services, and hydrocarbons markets.
Closer to home, the expansion of our existing resource base reflects the robust growth of our businesses. With the addition of 1,269 people,
a 22 percent increase, our resource center head count returned to the peak levels experienced in the market of 2008.
Improving on a Strong Performance
We are pleased with our results but believe that they can – and will – be even better in 2011. Looking ahead, we see a strong pipeline of international hydrocarbons prospects, a strengthening North American economy
and an accelerating global recovery in the transportation and minerals markets.
We have the people, processes, culture, structure and market focus in place to continue to grow our business and create wealth for our investors in a manner that reflects our core values and our absolute commitment to compliance and safety. We will continue building on our industry- leading breadth of franchise to become the contractor of choice for customers all over
the world.
Very truly yours,
William P. Utt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 2011
William P. Utt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 1
