  William P. Utt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
To My Fellow Shareholders:
2012 was a disappointing year for KBR. Our financial performance was far below our expectations. Our standards for performance are much higher than what we achieved, and all of KBR’s 27,000 employees are universally committed to living up to that higher standard.
Despite disappointing 2012 performance, we maintained our unwavering focus on the long-term health of the enterprise and on the tremendous global opportunities we have in front of us across our 14 market-facing businesses. We continued
to build a strong platform for growth, leveraging our broad geographic footprint, extensive capabilities and strong customer relationships
to solidify our market positions and to win, or advance our position on, a number of strategically significant awards.
During 2012, our stock price increased 7% and we also returned $77 million in cash to shareholders, representing $40 million in share repurchases and $37 million in dividend payments. Additionally, during the fourth quarter, the Board of Directors approved a 60% dividend increase beginning in the first quarter of 2013, demonstrating our confidence in the company going forward.
Financial and Business Highlights
Our earnings per diluted share were $0.97, which included a negative impact of $1.19 per diluted share related to a non-cash goodwill impairment charge in our Minerals Business Unit. Net income attributable to KBR was $144 million. Excluding the goodwill impairment charge, earnings per share were $2.16.
Revenue decreased by 14% during the year, driven primarily by expected declines related to LogCap work in Iraq. Excluding LogCap, revenues were
up 2%. Overall revenue backlog also grew 37%, reflecting the strength of the underlying business and the significant opportunities ahead for KBR.
Leveraging Our Diverse Platform
We continue to have a broad and diversified platform of businesses to reliably deliver the most complex projects in the world. In 2012, we had a number
of successes across our three primary Business Groups: Hydrocarbons, Infrastructure, Government and Power (IGP) and Services. In our Hydrocarbons Business Group, KBR, along with our joint venture partners, signed the EPC contract for the Ichthys
LNG project in Northern Australia which will be one of the world’s largest LNG facilities. We continue to pursue expanded roles as an EPC contractor for additional onshore and offshore projects as well as leverage our LNG and offshore engineering capabilities to capture growing floating LNG opportunities. Low-priced natural gas in the U.S. is also creating strong market fundamentals for the LNG, GTL, ammonia, power and chemicals markets, which allows KBR to utilize its EPC expertise and world-renowned technologies to deliver projects in these important and rapidly expanding markets. In our Technology Business Unit, we saw another year of record sales and profits.
In our IGP Group, efforts to build our capabilities as a full EPC provider in the power arena paid off as we were awarded over $500 million in new work in 2012. The infrastructure and minerals markets remain challenged as customers re-evaluate their global capital expenditures, but we remain well positioned for growth as these markets improve. The Middle East, however, is an exciting and diversified area for new infrastructure projects, from roads and bridges to rail and airports. In
our government businesses, we are diversifying into more peace-time initiatives and expanding our industrial customer base, while utilizing the capabilities and expertise we built while providing contingency, logistics and life support services
in war environments.
Our Services Business Group had a strong year
in Canada, with $1 billion in new awards in 2012 largely driven by robust activity in the Canadian oil sands. In our operations and maintenance business we continue to have a strong U.S. presence, and we have also strategically expanded our business internationally with a key contract in the Middle East. Additionally, as the U.S. shows promising signs of economic recovery, we anticipate an improving climate for commercial and residential building construction in the region. Low-cost shale gas in the U.S. is also setting the stage for ample opportunities within our construction business across a number of commercial markets.
KBR Around the World
KBR seeks opportunities to continue to increase the vertical integration of our EPC delivery capabilities in order to take customer projects from initial concept to EPC and into operations and maintenance.
We are a global business, and the challenges we face are unique in every corner of the world. KBR has continued to deploy key executive resources
to strategically important international locations to better serve our customers and to be closer to our projects. During 2011 and 2012, we established regional Presidents both in the Australia-Asia region and in the Middle East region. These leaders are working with the Business Group and Unit Presidents to support all aspects of their business in the region, including key sales pursuits, partner relationships and regional strategy implementation.
Also in 2012, KBR relocated its Operations’ headquarters to London from Houston, further enhancing our global presence. This move enhances our global oversight and proximity to our employees and our projects.
KBR Culture and People
At KBR, we live by this simple truth: We Deliver. We are experts in delivering the world’s largest and most complex projects. And we continue to safely and consistently deliver capital projects and services anywhere in the world, creating value for our customers.
KBR’s performance and growth are intrinsically linked with the communities in which we operate. Our projects generate new jobs and support local businesses around the world. Our community engagement programs are strategic investments in building stronger communities for the future.
The strongest commitment we can make to our people is to achieve our goal of an incident- and injury-free workplace anywhere KBR employees perform work. To continuously improve our safety record as we work toward our goal of zero incidents, we have developed systems and processes that have helped drive down injury rates to industry-leading levels.
A Brighter Future
KBR’s hard work continues to build on a business foundation that will deliver consistent, profitable, long-term growth. We strive to be the world’s Contractor and Employer of Choice, and I want to thank each of our 27,000 plus employees for every- thing they have done to realize our many significant achievements in 2012. These achievements were only made possible through the teamwork and efforts of our loyal and dedicated employees.
We derive our culture of integrity and ingenuity from the likes of George and Herman Brown, Dan Root, and Morris W. Kellogg; in fact, the word “impossible” was simply unknown to them. As I look ahead to 2013, we will continue to build on our reputation that’s been established over the last 110 plus years so that KBR continues to contribute to global economic expansion, building stronger communities and creating enduring value for our shareholders.
Very truly yours,
William P. Utt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 2013
 1
