To My Fellow Shareholders:
In our first full year of operation as an independent company, KBR delivered record financial results driven, in large measure, by the strong performance in each of KBR’s business units. Our income from continuing operations rose 69 percent from the previous year, reaching $308 million. Our backlog remained strong at $14.1 billion as of December 31, 2008.
Our success is a tribute to the talent, dedication and hard work of our over 57,000 employees who seized the opportunity to grow in new directions after KBR’s separation from our prior parent in 2007. We greatly appreciate the past contributions and ongoing efforts of our employees.
Weathering the Economic Storm
As financial markets deteriorated in 2008, we saw an increasing disconnect between our performance and our stock price that tempered enthusiasm for the year’s achievements. The reality that we cannot control market forces or that the performance of KBR stock was in line with our peer companies does little to blunt our disappointment over the sharp decline.
With a balance sheet that includes in excess of $1 billion in cash, no debt, and ample credit capacity to move forward in growing our business, we have the financial strength and flexibility to weather the economic downturn and capture any opportunities
it may create. We are confident that, when markets recover, KBR’s stock price will return to a level that reflects our performance
and underlying strength.
In the interim, we have taken actions to provide value to our shareholders, returning approximately $221 million of cash during 2008 through dividend payments totaling $25 million and
$196 million for stock repurchases. Last year, we repurchased
8.4 million of our common shares at an average price of $23.35 per share. We continue to consider our options, including additional share repurchases as authorized by the Board of Directors in December 2008, to benefit our shareholders during these incredibly difficult times.
We have also implemented substantial stock ownership requirements for all members of our executive team, ensuring that management’s interests align with those of our shareholders. And we are forging ahead in implementing our strategy to create sustainable long-term value for our shareholders.
New Strategic Course Yields Benefits
We saw tangible benefits during 2008 from the new strategic course that we embarked upon after our separation from Halliburton in 2007. Following a candid assessment of our market opportunities, customer relationships and unique strengths, we identified the businesses we would be in, and we restructured the company to implement this strategy, creating six business units able to focus very closely on their market opportunities.
In addition to building our capacity for organic growth during 2008, we made a number of acquisitions that advanced certain of our strategies much faster than we could have done with our existing operations.
William P. Utt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 Acquisitions Ignite Growth
We made three acquisitions in the Services arena, as well as two acquisitions in our Government & Infrastructure business, igniting progress toward regaining a leadership position in some of KBR’s legacy businesses. The July acquisition of BE&K, a privately held company with a top-tier reputation and an impressive client list, brought $2 billion of annualized revenue and a $2 billion backlog to KBR. In addition to tripling the size of our Services business unit, BE&K strengthened our capabilities and provided access
to attractive industries, including power, pulp and paper, and pharmaceuticals, where we did not previously have a presence.
The BE&K transaction, valued at $559 million, followed our
April acquisition of the Turnaround Group, a Houston-based management and consulting group that gave us specialized expertise in the planning and execution of plant turnarounds and outages. Our October acquisition of Wabi Development Corporation, a general contractor based in Ontario, Canada, enhanced our access to the Canadian industrial services market and provided new labor resources for oil sands projects in Northern Canada.
A fourth acquisition, Catalyst Interactive, complements and
expands KBR’s global training capabilities. An Australian provider of e-learning and training solutions for defense, government and industry, Catalyst improves our technology-based training capabilities in the Asia Pacific region and has numerous applications in our other end-markets. Finally, in December 2008, KBR bought out the interest of our partner in the Jordan-BE&K joint venture, which provides design and construction services to primarily naval customers.
Business Units Gain Ground
Upstream: KBR’s Upstream business unit is building on its stature as a clear market leader in the gas monetization market while enhancing its legacy position in offshore oil and gas services.
We continued moving our world-scale gas monetization projects toward a successful conclusion during 2008. At the same time, we continued to make great headway in the offshore arena. In addition to receiving contracts relating to offshore facilities in the North Sea and Australia, we see tremendous future opportunities from a multi-year agreement reached during 2008 under which we will provide engineering and project management services
for BP’s offshore developments worldwide. While the economic environment has caused delays in some upstream projects, we expect most to move forward, albeit at a more moderate pace.
1

       Our success is a tribute to the talent, dedication and hard work of our over 57,000 employees who seized the opportunity to grow in new directions after KBR’s separation from our prior parent in 2007. We greatly appreciate the past contributions and ongoing efforts of our employees.
   
Government & Infrastructure: As the world’s largest defense services provider, our Government & Infrastructure (G&I) business unit has high-value competencies in engineering, construction, program management and consulting that are also applicable to civil infrastructure and civilian projects. We are successfully tapping those capabilities to broaden our service offerings to government customers and cross-sell into adjacent markets. During 2008, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers awarded KBR multiple project
task orders totaling more than $224 million. Our infrastructure awards include a contract to perform complex civil engineering work on the Qatar-Bahrain Causeway. We see good prospects for pull-through contracting business at the project, which will become the world’s longest marine causeway.
Services: Bolstered by key acquisitions that more than tripled
the size of our Services business unit, we are rapidly reinvigorating some of KBR’s legacy businesses, which had not been a primary focus in recent years. These include domestic construction and industrial services, value-added maintenance and turnaround, and fabrication. Due to strong synergies with other KBR businesses, these services provide excellent opportunities to leverage our customer relationships and extend the revenue streams from our engineering, procurement, construction and program management projects. Propelled by several strategic acquisitions and numerous new contracts, our Services backlog grew 267 percent to $2.8 billion during 2008.
Downstream: Our creation of a discrete business unit focused solely on the downstream hydrocarbon market has fueled robust growth, more than quadrupling our income from downstream projects during 2008. Our success is based on a strategy of leveraging
KBR’s technology leadership and execution excellence to deliver exceptional value over the lifecycle of projects. Efforts to raise awareness of our renewed downstream emphasis and unique value proposition were rewarded with contract awards that included two major refinery projects in Africa. While we anticipate a challenging market in 2009, we believe we can continue to grow our downstream business by expanding the scope of current projects and winning contracts for engineering and design work that will lead to larger opportunities.
Technology: KBR’s legacy of technology leadership, through best-in-class technology offerings, enhanced sales teams, and engineering design groups, creates synergies with our clients that enable their operating facilities to achieve greater efficiency and
a lower cost of production. During 2008, we received several contracts to provide technology and related services for aniline, phenol and refining plants across the globe, including China, India and Venezuela. Our technology can also be a differentiator
to our Downstream business unit by complementing its engineering and construction offering.
Ventures: KBR’s Ventures business unit differentiates the offerings of other business units by assisting with the financing of select projects. In addition to taking an equity stake in projects where
we can add value and earn attractive long-term returns, we arrange project financing.
A Foundation for the Future
Driven by excellence in execution, KBR delivered exceptional financial and operating performance across all of our business units during 2008. At the same time, we continued our quest to enhance the company’s competitive position across all of our businesses
on a global basis, setting the stage for an even greater measure of success in the years to come.
Remediating our past is a key part of setting a strong foundation for the future. I am pleased to report that on February 11, 2009, KBR executed plea agreements with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice related to the long- running investigation into KBR violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. These agreements will cost KBR $20 million over two years, with the balance paid by our prior parent. While the entire episode is both regrettable and unfortunate, I am very pleased to finally put this very significant issue behind KBR.
Our foundation for the future is based on continued progress against our goals, which include strong and enduring customer relationships, best-in-class risk awareness and adhering to KBR’s core values of transparency, accountability, disciplined execution and financial responsibility. Our overriding goal is to create sustainable shareholder value. Like you, we are keenly disappointed that our stock price does not currently reflect KBR’s performance and prospects. We are resolved to do everything in our power to achieve full valuation of our shares.
With strong businesses that are well positioned in their markets, a management team that is highly motivated to create sustainable shareholder value, and the industry’s best people, we are very optimistic about KBR’s long-term prospects. We greatly appreciate the continued support of our investors, our customers and our employees.
Very truly yours,
William P. Utt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 2008
 3
