 Flat
Up $14m
Down 26%
Up 30 Basis Pts
to our StockholderS
2012brought persistent headwinds that constrained progress across the
globe. yet I’m pleased to report that it proved to be a defining year for Kelly’s strategy – one that confirmed we have a clear, compelling vision of the future, and the discipline and resolve to succeed in the present.
Creating Leverage
As the economic recovery slowed once more in 2012, demand for our industry’s services softened and revenue dipped. Kelly recorded net sales of $5.5 billion, relatively flat to the $5.6 billion we delivered in 2011.
But an unwavering execution of our strategy made all the difference in a year of anemic growth.
2012 marked a turning point as Kelly Outsourcing and Consulting Group (KellyOCG) delivered
four straight quarters of profitability. Bolstered by aggressive growth in higher-margin business, we improved gross profit by 60 basis points. At the same time, we maintained cost discipline and improved operating efficiencies, holding our expenses flat. The resulting leverage drove a $14 million increase in earnings from operations, to $74.5 million.
Adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $1.34 per share, compared to 2011 adjusted earnings of $1.80 per share. It’s important to note that 2012 earnings were affected by a tax credit anomaly. On January 1 of this year, Congress reinstated the expired Work Opportunity Tax Credit – a hiring incentive designed to increase and maintain a diverse workforce. had the tax credit been reinstated just three days earlier,
our full-year adjusted earnings would have been $0.24 per share higher. The impact of the Work Opportunity Tax Credit will now be recognized
in 2013.
Our balance sheet remains sound, and our capital structure preserves the strength and flexibility that positions us to compete when more aggressive economic expansion resumes.
testing our resolve
When Kelly implemented our current strategy more than three years ago, no one could foresee that
this economic recovery would be the slowest in modern history, marked by the lowest rates of job growth the u.s. has ever seen. 2012 truly put Kelly’s strategy – and our resolve – to the test.
Anxiety over fiscal policy in the u.s., turbulence leading up to the presidential election, and persistent recessionary conditions across europe stalled progress, fed uncertainty, and suppressed hiring. As mature economies struggled, their weakened purchasing power rippled through emerging economies, slowing growth even in APAC markets that had once seemed immune to the global malaise.
The impact was felt throughout our industry and across our customer base, putting pressure on Kelly’s staffing revenues, direct-hire fees, and margins throughout the year. Adding to the pressure, the devastation of hurricane sandy was followed by a political storm in Washington as the nation ended the year as it had begun – embroiled in turmoil over the debt ceiling, and on the brink of a fiscal cliff.
undeterred, Kelly’s strategy prevailed. We responded to our customers’ need for flexible options in uncertain times. We forged connections between talented workers and the companies that rely on their skills. And, we introduced a model to help the world’s largest companies approach the daunting task of managing their talent supply chain in an increasingly complex world of work.
* In constant currency.
** Excluding impairment, restructuring, and loss adjustments.
exPenses: $821m
earninG from oPs:** $74.5m
ePs:** $1.34
ros: 1.3%

 TO Our StOckhOLdERS
Confirming our Direction
The tenets of Kelly’s strategic plan remain fundamentally unchanged. Kelly is committed to delivering shareholder value and maximizing returns by:
• maintaining our core strengths in commercial
staffing in key markets
• Pursuing higher skilled, higher margin professional
and technical business
• Transforming KellyOCG into a market-leading
provider of talent supply chain solutions
• Capturing permanent placement growth in selected
specialties, and
• Lowering our costs through efficient service delivery
models.
Kelly’s strategy is yielding results. Our intentional focus on high-margin outsourcing and specialty skill sets drove the gross profit improvement we delivered in 2012.
We recognized a double-digit increase in permanent placement fees despite constrained hiring around the globe. Leaner, more efficient operating models further sharpened our competitive edge. Beyond these early rewards, our tactical plan provides a pathway to Kelly’s long-term success, reflecting a keen understanding of market demands and customer workforce needs.
forging Connections
Fundamental trends are converging to reshape the employment landscape. Today’s workers are moving away from job security in favor of “career” security, embracing a free agent workstyle. Well-educated and highly skilled workers make up the fastest growing segment of this free agent population, which now comprises roughly a third of the world’s modern workforce.
At the same time, there is a growing mismatch of supply and demand for qualified talent. Despite persistently high unemployment across much of the globe, most companies are struggling to find the skilled talent required to grow their business. For large companies – a key focus of Kelly’s strategy – there is
an added degree of complexity. These companies are looking for economies of scale and solutions that extend far beyond traditional staffing models. They are seeking a holistic system that is flexible to meet changing business needs, minimize risk, and build a continuous pipeline of talent.
These trends create opportunity for Kelly at every
turn. Our strategic focus on professional and technical solutions meets the demand for skilled talent head-on by forging connections between the world’s most in- demand workers and the world’s top companies. This comprehensive approach provides a single-source talent management model – one that incorporates workforce analytics to support decision-making, help mitigate risk, and contribute to future workforce planning.
This past year’s significant growth in key areas of KellyOCG affirms that we are leading the way in meeting the demand for this promising new workforce model, and proving our value within the talent supply chain.
Welcoming the future
And so we enter 2013 with energy and determination. We are on top of market trends, attuned to customer needs, committed to building an exceptional team of talented free agents and suppliers, and dedicated to providing an ever more complex array of workforce solutions.
As we move forward, I want to thank my team of colleagues around the world for their relentless pursuit of Kelly’s strategic goals, our directors for their dedicated service, and all of our shareholders for their trust and confidence. 2012 proved that we have charted the right course, and the future holds great promise for Kelly.
CarL t. CamDen
President and Chief Executive Officer
Up 26%
Up 10%
Up 4%
oCG revenue:* $398m
march 2013
fee revenue:* $152m
ProfessionaL & teChniCaL revenue:* $1.3b
