                TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
     Kelly entered 2015 with a clear imperative for is a strategy that drives Kelly forward and generates
growth.
We saw that growth demonstrated in our U.S. branch network as they delivered strong, sustained results in our new PT operating model throughout the year. Our international segments focused on the niches where they excel and delivered growth in the face of uneven economies, with APAC bringing in record-breaking earnings for 2015 and EMEA improving its bottom line. OCG growth continued to surge, most notably in contingent workforce outsourcing (CWO) and business process outsourcing (BPO), as more clients adopted Kelly’s talent supply chain management approach.
we are well on our
way to becoming a more productive, profitable company with a balanced portfolio that generates MORE competitive returns.
Delivering Progress
2015 marked the first full year of operating within our newly formed delivery models, and our investment
in GP-producing roles clearly accelerated Kelly’s progress in our local U.S. markets. Our expanded PT salesforce won new higher-margin business, while our PT recruiting network efficiently connected clients with specialized talent. PT revenue and GP growth accelerated throughout the year, reaching new heights in the fourth quarter. We expect to see this strong performance continue in 2016 as our U.S. branches deliver outsized PT growth in their local markets and continue to lead in Commercial.
In our centralized delivery model, 2015 brought client- specific fluctuations and significant shifts in buying behavior. Large customers are choosing to purchase more of their PT business through competitive sourcing models rather than through single-source arrangements — a trend that puts pressure on our
growth. 2014 had been a year of aggressive
investments and structural change that repositioned Kelly for the future, and in 2015 we faced the critical test of our ability to deliver returns on those investments. Focused execution of our strategy was paramount. As we look at our full-year results, I am pleased to say that we’ve seen returns on Kelly’s investments, and our performance improved significantly on several fronts.
Driving Results
We entered the year with our new operating models firmly in place, and we gained traction throughout the year as we delivered against our investments and accelerated bottom-line growth.
Kelly brought in full-year revenue of $5.5 billion
in 2015, up 4.7%* compared to last year. We held expense growth to less than half the pace of revenue growth, with an increase of just 2.2%* year-over-year. All told, in this year of focused execution, we delivered operating earnings of $67 million, nearly doubling the $34 million in adjusted earnings we reported in 2014.
Earnings per share were $1.39 — well above adjusted earnings of $0.81 per share for the same period
last year.
Most notably, we improved the quality of our earnings and delivered outsized leverage in 2015. In total, we dropped nearly 70% of our gross profit (GP) dollar growth* to the bottom line — affirmation that Kelly is operating as a more efficient company keenly focused on profitability.
Executing Our Strategy
2015 brought renewed commitment to accelerate progress through the strategy that guides us. Our investments were designed — and our actions
aligned — to help Kelly move more rapidly toward delivering shareholder value and maximizing returns by:
Pursuing higher-skilled, higher-margin professional and technical (PT) staffing solutions
Evolving OCG as a market-leading talent
supply chain solutions manager
Maintaining our core strengths in Commercial staffing in key markets
Capturing permanent placement growth in selected specialties
Lowering our costs through efficient service delivery models
In 2015 we proved this strategy responds to shifts in the market and aligns with customers’ needs — and
        * In constant currency, excluding 2014 restructuring charges.

                TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
     centralized staffing growth, while creating additional opportunities in our OCG business. We continued to adjust our centralized delivery model over the course of 2015, and we entered 2016 showing signs of improved performance. We will continue to focus our sales and recruiting teams on adapting to our largest clients’ needs for PT talent in the year ahead.
Our investments in OCG solutions yielded clear returns in 2015. OCG is expanding current relationships, bringing new clients into Kelly’s portfolio, and winning new recognition in the workforce solutions market.
We will continue to build out our talent supply chain management approach, equipping Kelly to win in the marketplace and expand our role as a trusted advisor to strategic clients worldwide.
Continuing Our Transformation
Reaching Kelly’s full potential requires an ongoing appetite for change and transformation. As the world of work continues to evolve, so does Kelly. We are selling workforce solutions today that didn’t exist 10 years ago, and delivering them in ways that simply weren’t possible with our old operating models.
We now have the capacity to deliver talent in 140 countries, without opening a single new office, through our global supplier network. In addition to
the 550,000 people we connect directly with work through our staffing business, we connect another half-million people with work through the companies that comprise our talent supply chain. Not only have we upheld our reputation as a superb staffing provider, we have also won industry acclaim for our innovative approach to holistically managing talent acquisition on our clients’ behalf.
Moving forward, Kelly has set its sights on becoming an even more competitive, consultative, and profitable company. We have, and we are, reshaping our business to make that vision a reality. We are redeploying
our resources to align with our goals for growth, intentionally rebalancing our workforce toward client- facing roles that drive revenue and GP for the company. We are challenging ourselves to find innovative ways
to deliver exceptional solutions more efficiently than ever, without compromising the quality for which we are known. We are truly transforming into a company that designs and delivers the world’s best workforce solutions.
Committing to Growth
We knew that 2015 would be a critical test of Kelly’s ability to deliver on our strategy. We have clearly passed that test and turned the corner toward growth. With a year of solid execution behind us and a proven strategy to guide us, we enter 2016 from a position of strength.
Our investments in higher-margin PT and OCG are yielding results. We are capturing new growth while delivering solutions with efficiency and speed. We are responding to the needs of customers and talent, and leading them forward as a trusted advisor, helping them navigate the ever-changing landscape.
We are well on our way to becoming a more productive, profitable company with a balanced portfolio that generates more competitive returns. We will set the
bar higher and keep reaching upward, growing our business until our bottom-line results reflect the top- level quality of the solutions we deliver. We will reward our shareholders while bringing innovations to market, solving our clients’ most pressing challenges, and creating new opportunities for the world’s best talent. In short, Kelly’s best days are yet to come.
With a clear plan for the future, we are focused on delivering growth now. There is significant work ahead of us in 2016. I have no doubt we will rise to the new challenges and continue our upward trajectory, executing with flexibility, speed, and confidence.
My personal thanks to Kelly shareholders and
board members for trusting us to deliver on Kelly’s investments, and to my Kelly colleagues for delivering strong results with the excellence and integrity that have always been Kelly’s trademark.
Here’s to a successful 2016 for all!
CARL T. CAMDEN
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2016
  