 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
  4 KELLY SERVICES
Terence E. Adderley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (right)
Carl T. Camden
President and Chief Operating Officer (left)
2004 was a very good year for Kelly Services. We returned to double-digit sales growth. Set a new sales record.
Gained market share. Controlled expenses. Improved operating efficiencies. Quadrupled earnings. And continued to invest for the longer term.
2004 was also a very good year for the U.S. and global economies.
The U.S. economy showed steady gains. Over two million new jobs were created with more than 10% of those jobs in temporary staffing.
The global economy grew at its fastest rate in nearly 30 years, and employment improved throughout the world. In many countries, temporary employment grew faster than general employment.
It is important to realize that the staffing industry is closely linked to the economy.
Our sales have always been a good concurrent indicator. Our business does very well when the economy is recovering and growing, and slows down dramatically during a recession. Simply put, the nature of our business is to help other companies handle their peaks and valleys.
MEASURING OUR PROGRESS
To maintain our momentum and capitalize on the economic recovery, we set three key performance goals for 2004:
>>Grow sales faster than the industry average.
 
 >>Hold our controllable expenses to roughly half the rate of sales growth.
>>Increase earnings at a rate considerably faster than sales.
We are pleased to report that we were successful in achieving all three of these performance objectives during the year.
We had record sales of $4.984 billion for 2004—a year-over-year increase of 15.2%. This exceeded the previous record set in 2003 by $659 million. Controllable expenses grew at less than half the rate of sales growth. As a result, expenses as a percent of sales declined from 15.9% to 15.3%. Earnings in 2004 were $22.1 million, more than four times the $5.1 million earned in 2003. Diluted earnings per share were $.62, a solid improvement over the $.14 earned in 2003.
STRATEGIC GROWTH PLAN
With the recession behind us in 2004, we reactivated the Company’s strategic growth plan that we put on hold nearly four years ago. This ongoing plan includes:
>>Expanding our global branch network. >>Adding additional countries. >>Increasing our product lines.
>>Improving productivity, quality, and customer service to premier global and local companies.
Working within that plan in 2004, we:
>> Added 100 branches, about a third each in U.S. Commercial, PTSA, and International.
>>Started operations in Hungary and forged strategic alliances in Japan.
>>Launched five additional PTSA businesses internationally.
>>Selected PeopleSoft to be the foundation for our back-office system.
These accomplishments expanded our base of business. Given the strength of the economy and our 2004 results, we expect to be able to support both strong earnings growth as well as faster implementation of our strategic growth plan.
 Sales improved dramatically in all three of our business segments—U.S. Commercial, Professional Technical
& Staffing Alternatives, and International.
  2004 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 5

  Kelly’s innovative staffing solutions and experience continue to create lasting
value for our customers, employees, and stockholders.
 6 KELLY SERVICES
THE FUTURE OF STAFFING
In last year’s annual report, we discussed our long-term optimism for the temporary staffing industry. That perspective has
not changed.
The global economy requires a large and increasing pool of highly skilled, technically proficient employees. However demand threatens to outstrip supply over the next few years. North America, Europe, and Japan are already facing the beginning of
a skilled labor shortage.
Employees are seeking more flexibility, mobility, and personal satisfaction in their work. The nature of work itself is changing. Project employment is on the rise. Job life cycles are shorter.
Today’s employers are operating in a more global and competitive environment. They must respond quickly to fluctuating demand for products and services. As a result, companies need greater flexibility in the location and quantity of labor.
OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
Kelly is a leader in the temporary staffing industry.
A Fortune 500 Company with nearly $5 billion in annual sales, and $1 billion in assets. 2,600 offices in 27 countries—all company owned and operated. More than 700,000 temporary employees working in a wide range of positions. And a customer list that reads like a “Who’s Who” in business, including 90% of the Fortune 500. The breadth and quality of our services are unmatched, and our ability to satisfy customer needs is readily acknowledged.
But, there is more to our Company than these facts and figures. Without a solid heritage and strong business ethics, Kelly could not have been so successful.
SUTA DUMPING
For example, in last year’s report, we talked about our efforts to close a tax scheme called “SUTA dumping,” which some companies used to avoid paying their fair share of unemployment taxes. We are pleased to report that last year a federal
bill, making the practice illegal, was unanimously passed by Congress and signed by President George W. Bush. In the pages that follow, you can read a reprint
  
 of an article from the Wall Street Journal highlighting our effort.
RECOGNIZING LEADERSHIP
During the year, we were pleased to have Donald R. Parfet join our Board of Directors. Founder and managing director of Apjohn Group, LLC,
Mr. Parfet brings extensive experience in international business and the health care industry to Kelly Services.
We named Catherine J. King Senior Vice President in our U.S. Commercial division, and in January of 2005, Daniel T. Lis became Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
In closing, we want to recognize all of our customers, employees, stockholders, and board of directors who continually demonstrate their support and commitment to our Company.
Kelly is at the center of a major transition in the world of work: a growing shortage of skilled workers, an evolution in the workforce, and a highly competitive world market. Our innovative staffing solutions and experience continue to create lasting value for our customers, employees, and stockholders.
As we move forward, you may be assured we will do our best to continue to earn your trust and confidence. These are exciting times for our Company.
Carl T. Camden
President and Chief Operating Officer
    Terence E. Adderley
2004 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 7
  