  This was a difficult year for Kelly Services. Fueled by an intensifying financial crisis
and a faltering global economy, labor markets significantly weakened throughout the world.
As a result, we experienced a dramatic, worldwide reduction in demand for temporary staffing.
These external conditions severely impacted our performance, which fell significantly short of expectations. Lossesfromcontinuingoperations for the full-year 2008 totaled $81.7 million, compared to earnings from continuing operations of $53.7 million in 2007. Included in this year’s loss were non-cash asset impairment charges
of $80.5 million. For the year, we sustained a diluted loss per share from continuing operations of $2.35. That compares to $1.47 per share earned in 2007.
Protecting our position
As 2009 begins, we are taking decisive steps to help us manage through this global economic turbulence and emerge a stronger company.
A solid financial position is vital to managing through a recession. In keeping with our long- standing conservative financial practices and sound operating fundamentals, we are committed to preserving a strong balance sheet. We will continue to maintain adequate debt capacity. To further strengthen our liquidity, your board of directors temporarily suspended the Company’s quarterly dividend on both Class A and Class B common stock in the first quarter of 2009.
In addition, the Chairman and independent members of the board of directors voluntarily reduced their compensation 10 percent.
Taking proactive measures
Other significant actions have been taken to reduce expenses and improve operating efficiency. In the past year, we closed or consolidated more than 40 branches, reduced staff in both the field and at headquarters, and significantly curtailed discretionary spending. In January 2009, we put on hold all salary increases, bonuses, and retirement contributions, and commencedafurtherrestructuringofouroperations in the United Kingdom.
To Our Stockholders
    Without question, 2009 will be a demanding year. There remains the strong possibility of a delayed recovery. But a recovery will eventually come, and we stand ready. For the present, we are striking a careful balance, focusing on both managing our resources and maintaining our agility.
Prudently executing our strategy
We believe our strategic plan remains sound, and that its execution is positioning our Company
for the long term. By diversifying geographically, investing in high-margin fee-based businesses, globalizing professional and technical staffing, and expanding outsourcing and consulting services, we are becoming a more resilient company.
1
    For the present, we are striking a careful balance—managing our resources and maintaining agility. When job growth resumes, we will be poised to move quickly and respond to staffing demands.
 
 During the year, we made progress executing
our plan. Kelly acquired Toner Graham, a financial and accounting recruitment company in the U.K., and purchased Randstad’s Portuguese operations
to increase our commercial and professional
staffing presence in the EMEA region. OCG, our outsourcing and consulting services group, expanded its North American client base and broadened its global presence. In the U.S., we launched Kelly Government Solutions to help customers compete successfully for federal contracts—a growing part of the U.S. economy.
Preparing for a profitable future
We will continue to invest and pursue our strategic goals. We are mindful that, when economic conditions begin to stabilize and job growth resumes, we must be poised to respond to the staffing demands of our customers.
I remain optimistic about opportunities in the staffing industry and confident about Kelly’s
future. We are led by a seasoned management team—made even stronger this year with the addition of Patricia Little as Chief Financial Officer, and the appointment of George
Corona as Chief Operating Officer. With the help of our dedicated and talented employees around the world, the guidance of our board
of directors, and the support of our valued stockholders and customers, Kelly Services will maintain its standing as a global leader in human resources solutions.
Be assured, whatever this year brings, we have the resources and the resolve to build on our solid foundation and achieve the growth, profitability, and lasting value you expect.
Carl T. Camden
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 2009
 2
  