 Letter to StockholderS
This has been a year of strategic action and significant accomplishment for Kelly Services. I’m pleased to report on our success and provide you with this update of our activities.
2007 brought unexpected challenges. What began as a promising year unfolded quite differently. The U.S. economy slowed dramatically to end the year at near-recession levels. Economic uncertainty softened demand for temporary employees here in the States and impacted our Company’s performance.
In spite of those conditions, Kelly made progress.
Positive Gains
For the year, our net earnings declined slightly to $1.67 per share. However, we set a new sales record of $5.7 billion. Fee income increased and we continued to see year-over-year improvement in our operating margins.
Results from our highly skilled professional and technical staffing and outsourcing and consulting services—both here in the Americas and abroad—were very good. But the true driver of 2007 performance was our International business, where revenue increased by nearly 20%, fee income grew by almost 50%, and earnings increased over ten fold.
There can be no doubt our earnings would have been stronger had the U.S. economy strengthened. But our performance affirms that we’re on the right track. The strategic plan we’ve undertaken is playing out well and proving its value.
Tactical Steps
It’s increasingly clear that our future success will depend more and more on our capacity to compete on the world stage. As we move from a company dominated by U.S. sales to one with a broad global profile, we will become even more diversified and able to thrive in changing global economies.
Kelly Services was built
on a strong foundation
of core values. Integrity, trust, respect, and professional excellence continue to guide us.
Our mission—to serve customers, employees, stockholders, and society by providing a broad range of talent management solutions—has helped
us become one of the largest global staffing companies today.
••• 1

        Letter to StockholderS
Specifically, we are committed to position Kelly for long-term growth through a deliberate, four-point plan:
• Diversify geographically;
• Invest in high-growth, high-margin businesses;
• Accelerate the globalization of professional and technical staffing services; and • Improve operating margins.
Significant Accomplishments
Let me share with you some of the initiatives we undertook during the year to help us reach those goals.
Global Growth
We expanded Kelly’s global reach by purchasing the remaining
51% of Tempstaff Kelly, Inc., our joint venture in the Asia-Pacific region. Kelly entered four additional international markets through acquisitions in China, Austria, Poland, and the Czech Republic; and we added two new countries—the Ukraine and Finland—by growing relationships with existing customers.
PTSA Expansion
In addition to acquiring several higher-margin, specialty staffing firms, we built on healthy worldwide demand for professional and technically skilled workers by opening more than 50 new PTSA branches internationally during the year.
Realigned Business Structure
Kelly’s success increasingly depends on our capacity
to compete globally. We’re committed to diversify geographically, lessen dependence on U.S. markets and grow our high-margin businesses around the world.
   2 •••
To facilitate our international growth, we implemented a new business structure designed around three regions: the Americas, Asia-Pacific, and EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa). Our business leadership, sales, and marketing teams have also been realigned to support this new structure and accelerate worldwide expansion.
Streamlined Operations
To become more efficient, we divested a non-core business, Kelly Home Care. We restructured our UK operations by closing 22 branches there and consolidating our headquarters operations. In the Americas, we closed or consolidated nearly 60 branch offices and centralized our
payroll processing.
        
 Tightened Costs
During the year, we began allocating additional headquarters’ costs to appropriate business segments, which resulted in better expense control and margin improvement. Also, we remained focused on managing workers’ compensation and unemployment costs. As a result, excluding restructuring charges, we improved our operating margin by 20 basis points during the year.
Enhanced Value
Finally, we took several steps to broaden our investor base and increase value to our shareholders— completing a successful secondary offering of more than 5 million shares, authorizing a $50 million stock repurchase plan, and raising our quarterly dividend by 8%. 2007 marked our 46th consecutive year of paying a dividend.
Going Forward
Taken together, these actions move us closer to our strategic goals. We remain committed to lessening our dependence on U.S. markets, strengthening our global presence, and expanding our specialty staffing throughout the world.
Doing so can only sharpen our competitive edge and accelerate our growth.
Today’s diverse markets are more open than ever before to flexible staffing. Government restrictions are lifting, technology has erased boundaries, temporary assignments are gaining greater acceptance, employees have become more adaptable, and the very nature of work is continually changing.
The staffing industry is full of opportunity. Kelly is ready. We’ve set our sights, advanced our strategic plan, and are building momentum. And you—our stockholders, directors, and employees—fuel our determination to raise the bar and meet our goals. Thank you for your continued support and belief in our future.
Carl T. Camden
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 2008
••• 3
