  T O O U R shareholders
2013brought an unusual dichotomy to the U.S. labor market: Improved
economic stability accompanied by stubbornly mediocre job growth. In this atypical climate, Kelly was challenged to create new opportunity and reaffirm our resolve to move forward. I’m pleased to report that we made solid strategic progress, and advanced our vision of delivering the world’s best workforce solutions.
Measuring Up
While much of the growth in demand for staffing in 2013 occurred in areas outside of Kelly’s scope of services, we achieved net sales of $5.4 billion, down just 1 percent from the $5.5 billion we delivered in 2012.
We held Gross Profit almost flat for 2013, dipping just 10 basis points year over year, and limited expense growth to align with revenue trends.
For the full year, Kelly delivered $56.6 million
in adjusted operating earnings, compared to $74.5 million in 2012.
Adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $1.62 per share, compared to 2012 adjusted earnings of $1.34 per share. 2013 earnings benefited from delayed passage of the Work Opportunity Tax Credit in January 2013. Had
the tax credit been reinstated as scheduled in December 2012, our full-year adjusted earnings for 2013 would have been $0.24 per share lower.
Our balance sheet remains strong. We increased our cash position, decreased our debt-to-capital ratio, and reduced our Days Sales Outstanding in 2013. This healthy capital structure offers the strength and flexibility that Kelly needs to invest with confidence in our future growth.
Managing Change
2013 certainly confirmed that this economic recovery is unlike any other. Corporate confidence was put to the test by indecision concerning U.S. fiscal policy, inconsistency in Europe’s economic revival, and intermittent growth in many emerging markets. Here, in the U.S., we faced a new dynamic: although the unemployment rate fell below
7 percent in 2013, that reduction was primarily
driven by a shrinking labor force, rather than a growing demand for labor. As customers looked for ways to boost productivity without adding new labor costs, they delayed full-time hiring and capital investments — which, in turn, applied pressure to Kelly’s revenue, fees, and margins.
In the face of these trends, and despite
modest job growth throughout 2013, we did
not experience the across-the-board uplift in
our industry that has accompanied previous recoveries. Instead, the widely reported improvements in temporary employment were driven largely by hiring in construction, retail, and hospitality sectors — areas in which Kelly is not generally engaged.
But, our innovation is paying off. Kelly’s customized solutions are proving their value in helping customers navigate the challenging dynamics of today’s work world.
Our growing emphasis on professional and technical staffing connects companies with skilled talent that drives business success. Our unique approach to talent supply chain management
is helping the world’s largest corporations optimize access to talent, while mitigating cost and risk. And, our consultative approach ensures that clients of all sizes benefit from a workforce solution tailored to their specific business needs.
Pressing Ahead
Despite unusual conditions and short-term trends, Kelly’s long-term strategy is unchanged and on
       
  T O O U R shareholders point. We are committed to delivering shareholder
value and maximizing returns by:
n Maintaining our core strengths in commercial staffing in key markets
n Pursuing higher-skilled, higher-margin professional and technical staffing solutions
n Transforming KellyOCG® to become a market- leading provider of talent supply chain solutions
n Capturing permanent placement growth in selected specialties
n Lowering our costs through efficient service delivery models
We firmly believe this strategy positions Kelly for long-term growth. Just as importantly, it is driving our operational performance today.
KellyOCG delivered double-digit revenue and earnings increases in 2013, winning profitable new business
and expanding current relationships with our large accounts. Growth was especially strong in the core elements of our talent supply chain management approach — helping to fuel our strategic progress. And, across all business solutions, we are refining our operating models and creating greater efficiency, while upholding our commitment to service excellence.
Attuned to the Market
Our confidence in Kelly’s strategy is deeply rooted in market realities. Qualified talent is increasingly in short supply, and companies around the world are struggling to attract, recruit, and retain the skilled workforce their businesses require. For our largest customers, there is also a growing need for holistic approaches that can provide data-driven workforce plans and customized talent solutions.
Kelly’s customized solutions are helping customers navigate the challenging dynamics of today’s work world.
At the same time, the very nature of employment is changing. The modern labor market is being reshaped by a growing cadre of free agents who are taking control of their careers and demanding a flexible work style. Skilled professionals are the fastest-growing of these free agent groups. Armed with confidence that their skills are in high demand, they are choosing to pursue work on their own terms, and engaging with companies on a project-by-project basis.
This changing dynamic plays to our strength. It’s
at the very core of what we do. Kelly is forging connections between talented people and top companies; linking skilled workers to customers large and small; and managing more aspects of the complex talent supply chains of our largest clients.
Our vision is on target. Our strategy is on point. We are on pace with today’s market — positioned to grow in 2014, and beyond.
Investing in Our Future
2014 brings renewed energy and acceleration to our efforts.
Looking ahead, we will invest in the fastest-growing elements of our business. We will position Kelly to
be the employer of choice for top professional and technical talent. We will refine our centralized delivery models to provide superior service with increased efficiency. And we will accelerate our development
of talent supply chain components that meet client needs, whenever and wherever they arise.
I extend my heartfelt gratitude to my colleagues around the world for their focused execution of Kelly’s strategy. I also thank our directors for their unwavering service, and our shareholders for their confidence. I look forward to celebrating many successes with all of you in the year ahead.
CARL T. CAMDEN
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2014
            