 THOMAS J. FALK Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders:
By any measure, 2008 was a challenging year. We saw unprecedented volatility in the global business environment, including wide swings in commodity prices and exchange rates and a slowdown in world economies.
Kimberly-Clark was not immune to these global forces. We continued to deliver top-line growth consistent with our Global Business Plan objectives, but progress against our bottom-line commitments was
interrupted. Cost inflation was nearly double that of our original plan for the year, and the rapid decline in currency exchange rates also
negatively affected our growth. Demand in certain categories and regions also softened during the second half of the year. All in all,
earnings per share were down modestly compared to 2007.
During this economic turbulence, we continued to address the elements under our control, focusing on areas critical to delivering long-term,
sustainable growth and returns to our shareholders. Specifically:
• We maintained our solid financial position and placed our near-term emphasis on realizing higher selling prices in order to improve margins.
• We made further headway with our targeted growth initiatives. In
particular, we took advantage of growth opportunities in developing and emerging (D&E) markets. We also concentrated on further extending our portfolio in higher
margin segments such as the workplace and safety gear in our K-C Professional business and medical devices in Health Care.
• We continued to make substantial investments in our brands and in the key capabilities— innovation, marketing and customer development—that support their long-term growth.
• Most important, we kept our attention firmly fixed on the needs of shoppers and users of all ages worldwide—consumers who trust K-C for the products that are essential to their everyday lives. Their story is the focus of this year’s report.
Now let’s take a look at some of the highlights of our 2008 performance.
We managed through an unpredictable business environment and took steps to strengthen our competitive position.
We remained focused on delivering sustainable top-line growth by continuing to invest in marketing, brand-building and product innovation. Our Personal Care businesses led the way, leveraging innovation and strong marketing to achieve high single-digit organic sales growth.
2

The strong innovation program and global rise in commodity prices allowed us to achieve higher selling prices and better product mix. Net selling prices rose more than 4 percent and mix improved almost 1 percent, representing the majority of our 6 percent sales growth.
Our D&E businesses also produced excellent results, delivering double-digit sales growth for the fifth consecutive year. Performance in the BRICIT (Brazil, Russia, India, China, Indonesia, Turkey) countries outpaced established markets, with sales up
30 percent. That progress continues to drive our plans for future growth, as evidenced by the scheduled 2009 start-up of our first manufacturing facility in Russia.
Total cost savings for the year were more than $170 million, somewhat below our full-year objective of $200 million to $250 million. We over-delivered on the strategic cost reduction plan, but savings from our ongoing FORCE (Focused on Reducing Costs Everywhere) program were below expectations.
By year’s end, we completed the strategic cost reduction plan, which we began in 2005. Cumulative annual cost savings totaled $335 million, putting us on track to exceed our original commitment to save $300 million to $350 million by 2009. Moreover, the cost to implement the plan was below our initial forecast.
We controlled overhead spending tightly, with general and administrative spending rising slower than sales in 2008. We will continue to closely manage our overhead spending in 2009.
All these steps helped our businesses meet the day-to-day challenges of difficult economic conditions, while we remained focused on the key capabilities critical for our long-term growth.
We made further progress in building our three key capability areas: innovation, marketing and customer development.
Continuous Innovation During 2008, we took steps to better integrate our innovation and marketing processes. That effort has led us to find new, more effective ways to meet and exceed consumer expectations and deliver on the promise of our brands.
For example, in North America, we strengthened our market-leading Kleenex brand with the third-quarter rollout of a product improvement using proprietary technology that increases softness while also improving strength. The first product based on this technology—improved Kleenex Facial Tissue with Lotion—has
ORGANIC SALES GROWING FASTER THAN TARGET
Global Business Plan Target = 3–5%
5.6% 5.6%
4.5%
    3
2006 2007 2008
Organic sales growth excludes currency impacts.

SIGNIFICANT COST INFLATION
Millions of Dollars
A stream of innovations fueled growth in Kimberly-Clark Professional’s safety business in 2008. Drawing on customer and user insights, we introduced a range of comfortable and stylish head-to-toe protective apparel products. These are products workers want to wear, helping our corporate customers improve compliance and safety performance. As a result, K-C Professional delivered high single-digit sales growth in this channel.
K-C Health Care’s medical device business generates much higher gross margins than those of our Health Care business overall. A number of device innovations in 2008 fueled our progress in this targeted growth area—including a new enteral feeding tube introducer kit that enhances patient comfort and safety, and an expansion of our first-in-class InteguSeal microbial sealant portfolio that helps reduce surgical-site infections. In total, device sales volumes advanced at a high single- digit rate for the year.
GLOBAL STRATEGIC LEADERSHIP TEAM
performed well in the market. We will extend the technology to other products in the Kleenex portfolio in 2009.
Product and marketing innovation led to solid growth for our Feminine Care business in key D&E regions. Our brands in this category hold the No. 2 position in both North Asia and Latin America. In North Asia, we rolled out a new herbal- scented pad under the Kotex White and Kotex Good Feel brands in South Korea, and introduced a line of Kotex Natural products with skin-friendly and antibacterial features in Taiwan. In Latin America, we continued to leverage our strong brands, including Kotex and Intimus, delivering high single-digit volume gains.
   $385
$350
$725
  2006 2007
2008
4
Joanne B. Bauer
President of Kimberly-Clark Health Care
Thomas J. Mielke
Senior Vice President
of Law and Government Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer

Reengineered Marketing Communicating to consumers about our innovations in relevant and compelling ways is central to our redesigned marketing efforts. We are making changes to our marketing capabilities to
take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace, share best practices globally and raise the bar on our brand-building initiatives.
Strategic marketing spending rose by $50 million in 2007 and by more than $95 million in 2008. Spending
in this area outpaced sales growth in 2008 as we supported our brands in this difficult environment. Not
only are we spending more on marketing, we’ve adopted a more integrated, consumer-centric marketing approach— a move that has resulted in successful campaigns across a variety of non-traditional communication channels. For example, to support the introduction of our enhanced Kleenex facial tissue product, we launched a consumer sampling campaign—the largest in the history of the Kleenex brand—inviting consumers, in-store and in-home,
 Anthony J. Palmer
Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Lizanne C. Gottung
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Robert E. Abernathy
Group President of North Atlantic Consumer Products
Jan B. Spencer
President of Kimberly-Clark Professional
Robert W. Black
Group President of Developing and Emerging Markets
Christian A. Brickman Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer
5
Mark A. Buthman
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

ACCELERATING STRATEGIC MARKETING INVESTMENTS
Millions of Dollars
to “Feel the Difference.” This experiential marketing effort built on the success of our 2007 Kleenex “Let It Out” campaign.
Our Personal Care business continued to place competitive, breakout advertising and promotional support behind our innovative Huggies Supreme Natural Fit and Gentle Care diapers. Brandweek magazine named the Huggies Supreme Natural Fit diaper team to its list of 2008 Marketers of the Year. Our marketing efforts in the past year position Huggies effectively for further growth in 2009 and beyond.
Closer to the Customer One of the key commitments of our Global Business Plan is to make Kimberly-Clark an indispensable partner to our strategic customers. To that end, we have streamlined distribution and extended our state-of-the-art technology to major customers for use at the retail level.
In working to stay close to our customers, we began a revamping of our supply chain infrastructure, which is already showing positive results. Our logistics “Network of the Future” is improving distribution efficiencies, lowering transportation costs and reducing our carbon footprint in North America. That optimized infrastructure yielded a savings of some 5 million gallons of fuel in 2008 and also strengthened our partnerships with customers by helping them reduce inventory carrying costs.
On the retail front, we are building upon the success of our Innovation Design Studio in Neenah, Wisconsin. We are bringing this powerful research tool, which uses virtual reality technology to simulate store environments, packaging and shopping scenarios, to key retailers on their home turf. In so doing, we will give customers the flexibility to adapt our unique, proprietary technology to their individual needs—a win-win marketing proposition in the best sense.
A benchmark of our progress with customers was our continued solid showing in the 2008 Cannondale survey of North American grocery retailers, in which we ranked in the top10 for the third year in a row. We also maintained our strong ranking in retailer surveys conducted by the Advantage Group International in Europe.
At K-C, we’ve long believed that operating our business in a sustainable manner is the right thing to do and is important for long-term success. And increasingly, we find that both customers and consumers share that core belief. Our commitment in this area led to our being named, for the fourth successive year, as the personal products category leader of the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index.
      +$97
   +$50
     2006 2007 2008
6

The strength of our financial position continued to serve us well.
We were encouraged that cash provided by operations rose about 4 percent to $2.5 billion. Our cash flow allowed us to repurchase $625 million worth of our shares during the year and to provide a top-tier dividend payout and a strong yield. In fact, the 3.4 percent increase we have announced for 2009 marks the 37th consecutive year Kimberly-Clark has raised its dividend.
The health of our cash flow and balance sheet gave us ready access to credit, and demand for our commercial paper remained steady, even amid the financial market turbulence in the fourth quarter.
Cash flow funded our buy-out of the remaining interest from our minority partner in the Andean region in early 2009 and also will be used to fulfill our commitment to improve funding levels of our pension plans in 2009.
The road ahead
180
160
STRONG VOLUME GROWTH IN BRICIT* COUNTRIES
BRICIT
D&E Overall
2006 2007 2008
      As we enter a new year, our success will require a shift in priorities. The effects
of the global economic weakness we experienced in 2008 will likely persist 140 throughout 2009. Consequently, we will be solidly focused on managing and
generating cash flow, and on margin improvement.
           Meanwhile, we remain committed to doing the right things for the long-term health of our business. Despite volatility in markets around the world, our financial position remains solid. I’m confident we will emerge from this challenging period strengthened—and in a position to generate growth for the benefit of our shareholders.
For 137 years, Kimberly-Clark and its brands have been a vital part of healthy, active lives the world over. We intend to remain “simply essential” to consumers for many years to come.
Thomas J. Falk
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 27, 2009
120
100
  2004 2005
2004 Volume Indexed to100.
*Brazil, Russia, India, China,
Indonesia, Turkey
 7
