  MANAGEMENT LETTER
 W. ALAN McCOLLOUGH
Fiscal 2002 was a pivotal year. In our Circuit City business, we put past distractions behind us and focused on improve- ments in customer service, merchandising and marketing. Our improved second-half results convince us that we are on the right track. For CarMax, it was a year of outstanding performance and continued delivery on the promise of our business model. While these two businesses are at different stages in their lives, we believe the key to the future performance of each lies in a continued intense focus on the fundamentals of customer service.
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
Circuit City Stores, Inc. reported consolidated sales of $12.79 billion for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2002, compared with $12.96 billion in fiscal 2001. Net earnings were $218.8 million compared with $160.8 million.
In the second quarter of fiscal 2002, we completed the public offering of 9.5 million shares of CarMax Group Com- mon Stock. The offering increased shareholder liquidity for CarMax and reduced the percentage of CarMax Group Com- mon Stock reserved for the Circuit City Group. Net proceeds from the sale were allocated to the Circuit City Group to be used for general corporate purposes including remodels.
In February, we announced plans to separate the CarMax auto superstore business from the Circuit City consumer electronics business through a tax-free transaction in which CarMax, Inc. will become an independent, separately traded public company. With solid sales and earnings growth over the past two years, CarMax is able to support its growth internally. We expect to complete the separation by late summer, subject to shareholder and final board approval.
CIRCUIT CITY BUSINESS
Fiscal 2002 Performance. For our Circuit City business, fiscal 2002 continued a transition that has included our exit from the appliance category, tests aimed at developing a store environment that offers the best shopping experi- ence in our product categories, a revitalization of the Circuit City brand and ongoing attention to asset produc- tivity and cost control.
Although our results were below our historical standards, they were in line with our expectations as we entered the year. During the first half, we experienced significant comparable store sales declines caused in part by the loss
of appliance sales, which had been seasonally strong during this period. We believe that our performance also reflected a temporary shift in focus away from our differentiated high-service consumer offer and towards the new “packaged- goods” part of our offer. We must succeed in both the high- service and packaged goods arenas, and we had made considerable progress in that regard by year-end. Through- out the year, our sales were impacted by a soft economy, a lack of new features to drive personal computer sales and continued retail price declines in product categories such
as VCRs and audio.
The impact of changes we have made during the past
18 months was seen in the second half, especially with the onset of the holiday selling period. Our expanded selec- tions of high-growth-opportunity digital products such as video games, digital cameras and DVD software hit their seasonal highs between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Day. Throughout the year, we benefited from the industry’s strong digital product cycle, which drove solid sales gains in big-screen televisions, especially digital TVs; digital imaging products; digital satellite systems; and wireless phones. And, by year-end, our new marketing programs had helped increase traffic levels in our stores, while better sales training and revised compensation programs helped convert the higher traffic into sales.
For the year, total sales for the Circuit City Group declined 8 percent to $9.59 billion from $10.46 billion last year, and comparable store sales declined 10 percent. However, during the second half, total sales rose 3 percent and comparable store sales rose 1 percent. Net earnings for the Circuit City business rose 11 percent in fiscal 2002, to $128.0 million from $115.2 million. The Circuit City business contributed 62 cents to net earnings per Circuit City Group share, compared with 56 cents in fiscal 2001. Including the earnings attributable to the CarMax Group Common Stock reserved for the Circuit City Group, net earnings were $190.8 million, or 92 cents
 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2002 2

per Circuit City Group share, versus $149.2 million, or 73 cents per share, in fiscal 2001.
Improving for the Future. Our focus on customer service is unrelenting.
Great service starts with great people. Customers will largely rate their Circuit City experience based on their interaction with our store Associates. In fiscal 2002, we improved this interaction by:
q Completing the move of all sales training to a highly interactive Web-based program that quickly and cost- effectively delivers custom courses to sales counselors.
q Simplifying our sales counselor commission programs to enable a greater focus on meeting customer needs, while also improving sales counselor compensation.
q Reinstituting our floor manager program, assigning one individual the responsibility of ensuring that each customer’s needs are met in the store.
In fiscal 2003, we will:
q Adopt a sales counselor certification program to measure
core competencies in product knowledge and customer
service skills and establish minimum proficiency levels. q Work to reduce sales counselor turnover, which will
reduce costs and help ensure that we have long-term,
well-trained sales counselors available for our customers. q Focus on raising the skill level of our store manage-
ment team.
Sales growth will be driven by a combination of factors. In addition to exceptional customer service, we believe that our customers deserve a contemporary shopping environment with a broad and competitively priced selection running the gamut from the “latest and greatest” to more value-oriented offerings. We are committed to upgrading and refreshing our stores through remodeling and relocations.
We have conducted a number of remodel and merchan- dising tests over the past two years. We will incorporate key elements from these tests into our fiscal 2003 store plans while also continuing to explore additional options going forward. In fiscal 2003, we expect to:
q Introduce a leading-edge video department, with a dramati-
cally improved big-screen television display, to approxi- mately 300 existing locations and to all new and relocating stores. Big-screen televisions are one of our highest volume and most profitable categories. The Consumer Electronics Association projects that big-screen television sales will grow at double-digit rates in calendar 2002, driven by digital televisions and new display technologies such as liquid-crystal and plasma. We believe this remodeled department, combined with our strong customer service
orientation, will enable us to capture a disproportionate share of big-screen television sales as well as growing sales of related video products.
q Install full-store lighting upgrades in the majority of these 300 stores to provide a brighter store environment.
q Relocate approximately 10 stores to more active sites within their trade areas and continue our geographic expansion, adding approximately 10 stores.
We expect to continue improving our customer offer through remodels and relocations in fiscal 2004 and fiscal 2005, as well.
Our in-store efforts must be built around what con- sumers want, and we must effectively tell consumers that Circuit City will meet their needs. In fiscal 2002, extensive consumer research improved our understanding of our core customer and enabled us to develop a compelling, targeted brand message. A new marketing program that encompasses a variety of advertising vehicles, including newspaper inserts, television, magazines, direct mail and interactive media, told our core customers that we understand and share their passion for consumer electronics. Efficiencies in advertising buying and newspaper insert distribution enabled us to explore the wider range of advertising vehi- cles. In fiscal 2003, we will further refine our brand message, test additional targeted advertising and step up our in-store marketing efforts.
Lower sales and the need to update stores have con- tributed to declines in our operating margin and our return on assets. We are committed to improving these numbers, although we acknowledge that short-term improvements will be limited by remodeling and relocation costs and incremental investments in advertising and man- agement information systems. We expect remodeling and relocation costs to reduce earnings per share by approxi- mately 18 cents in fiscal 2003, compared with 6 cents in fiscal 2002.
We believe our supply chain management initiatives will help increase asset productivity. In fiscal 2002, a ven- dor compliance program improved on-time delivery and our cash conversion cycle. In fiscal 2003, we will continue our supply chain initiatives, integrating our store and dis- tribution center replenishment programs, adding direct- to-store delivery in key categories where timely delivery is critical and further improving inventory forecasting.
Leadership Advances. We continue to strengthen our management team, both through internal promotion and the addition of new executives with fresh perspectives. In fiscal 2002, John Froman was promoted to executive vice president and chief operating officer. A 16-year Circuit City
3 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2002

veteran, John has broad experience in store operations and in merchandising, where he was executive vice president- merchandising. Kim Maguire succeeded John as executive vice president-merchandising. Kim brought with him more than 20 years of experience with Target Stores, most recently as senior vice president of hardlines managing $12 billion in sales, and a proven track record of building market share in branded products.
Looking Ahead. We are encouraged by the accomplish- ments of our Circuit City Associates. In the second half of fiscal 2002, we improved sales and earnings and laid the foundation for a stronger future. In fiscal 2003, we will place priority on driving traffic to our stores, converting more shoppers to buyers and profitably growing market share. We believe that our more effective marketing pro- gram, our customer service enhancements, our remodeling and relocation program and our focus on improving pro- ductivity are steps in the right direction.
CARMAX BUSINESS
Fiscal 2002 Performance. Fiscal 2002 was an impressive year for CarMax, with sales and earnings exceeding expectations in every quarter.
Because every used car is unique, used cars generate per unit profit dollars that are more than double those of new cars and are the clear focus of our CarMax business. Never- theless, as we saw in fiscal 2002, marketing decisions made by automobile manufacturers can affect CarMax’s new- and used-car sales.
In the first half of fiscal 2002, CarMax continued the strong momentum established at the end of fiscal 2001. Comparable store dollar sales grew 27 percent. Comparable
store used-car unit sales, the largest and most profitable part of the CarMax business, rose 21 percent. First half compara- ble store new-car unit sales rose 15 percent.
As CarMax entered the second half of the year, new-car manufacturers introduced zero-percent financing incentives to counteract an industry-wide slowdown in new-car sales. For CarMax, the result was increased traffic in all stores as consumers cross-shopped new cars and used cars. CarMax’s powerful consumer offer enabled it to convert this traffic into a 38 percent comparable store dollar sales increase in the third quarter. New-car sales growth gradually slowed as CarMax sold through its inventory of 2001 models and the zero-percent programs reverted to more conventional incen- tives. While new-car sales grew only modestly in the last two months of the fiscal year, the more profitable used-car business resumed the first half trend, with comparable store dollar sales up 25 percent and units up 23 percent in the fourth quarter.
The result was strong gross margin dollar growth, which helped leverage operating expenses.
q Selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.9 per- cent of sales in fiscal 2002, compared with 9.8 percent of sales in fiscal 2001.
q The operating margin rose to 4.7 percent from 3.4 percent. q Return on sales improved to 2.8 percent from 1.8 percent.
For the year, total sales for the CarMax Group rose
28 percent to $3.20 billion from $2.50 billion. Comparable store dollar sales rose 28 percent. Comparable store used-car unit sales increased 24 percent, and comparable store new- car unit sales increased 21 percent. Net earnings increased 99 percent to $90.8 million from $45.6 million in fiscal
 “WE’RE WITH YOU”IN OUR COMMUNITIES
 In fiscal 2002, we undertook a number of initiatives to support the communities in which we operate and the customers who are an important part of our success.
Early in the year, the Circuit City Foundation made a $3 million, multi-year commitment to sponsor the Boys and Girls Clubs of America’s National Photography Contest. In the coming year, we will be working with this organization to create a contest that opens up opportunities for Boys and Girls Club participants in cities across the country. As part of our relationship, we also have expanded our grand opening celebrations for Circuit City Superstores to include celebrity appearances, with proceeds going to local B&GCA chapters.
The Circuit City Foundation also continues its 40-year history of supporting local education, health and welfare, civic, arts and cultural organizations. The Foundation’s primary focus is on providing improved educational opportunities for children.
The entire Circuit City organization was especially pleased to participate in the “Message From America” program dur- ing the holidays. This program enabled Americans to support the nation and our military personnel by recording video greetings that were sent to active duty men and women.
We were proud to be a part of these programs and look forward to being active participants in our communities going forward.
 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2002 4

2001. Net earnings attributed to the CarMax Group Com- mon Stock were 82 cents, up 91 percent from 43 cents in fiscal 2001. The remainder of the CarMax earnings is attributed to the Circuit City Group Common Stock.
Resuming Expansion. From its inception, the CarMax offer has received rave reviews from customers. The com- ponents of the offer have remained virtually unchanged: low, no-haggle prices; broad selection; a top-quality prod- uct; and customer-friendly service. At the end of fiscal 1999, however, CarMax suspended geographic growth to focus on enhancing operating execution and profitability. Advances made since that time have moved the business from a small profit in fiscal 2000 to fiscal 2002’s earnings of $90.8 million. CarMax is now well-positioned to resume geographic growth.
Automobile retailing is the nation’s largest retail market. CarMax focuses on late-model, one- to six-year-old vehicles, which generate annual industry sales of approximately $260 billion. This target market is larger than that addressed by any other big-box retailer.
Early in fiscal 2002, we announced that CarMax would embark on a five-year growth plan that included two store openings late in the year, four to six stores in fiscal 2003 and six to eight stores per year from fiscal 2004 through fiscal 2006. CarMax is focusing on entries into mid-sized, 1 million- to 2.5 million-population markets that it can profitably enter with one store and on satellite store oppor- tunities in existing markets. We believe that this plan repre- sents the lowest risk expansion strategy that CarMax can undertake. To date, every store opened in a mid-sized market has been profitable at the store level in its first year and has continued to increase its profits in subsequent years.
Enhancing Performance. As geographic growth resumes, CarMax will continue to focus on enhancements to the con- sumer offer, operating processes and information systems.
In fiscal 2002, CarMax:
q Continued to improve sales productivity. As stores have matured, managers and sales consultants have gained valuable experience. CarMax also has instituted new programs to further improve sales management and selling skills. In fiscal 2002, CarMax restructured sales manager responsibilities to put greater emphasis on higher value activity. Today, each sales manager serves as a functional resource in key areas, such as financing, for all sales consultants.
q Increased inventory management and pricing capability. CarMax has continued to hone its ability to pay the
right prices for the right cars and to manage inventory to minimize risk and meet gross margin dollar targets. This year, CarMax met average per-unit gross margin dollar targets even though volatile market conditions in the fall caused extraordinary drops in wholesale prices.
q Continued to add capability to CarMax.com, which has become a critical marketing and traffic-generating tool. For example, a new “We Buy Cars” section comprehen- sively explains CarMax’s offer to buy cars from con- sumers even if they do not buy a car from CarMax. In addition, a consumer now can e-mail a vehicle fact sheet to a friend, including the photo of the car, and customers seeking a hard-to-find used car can select the new national “Vehicle Search” option.
q Fully automated store-to-store transfers. Now, when a customer wants a car transferred to a local store, the transfer is easier, faster and less costly to the company. With a click of the computer mouse, a sales consultant can initiate a used-vehicle transfer from any CarMax location to his or her superstore, and every subsequent step of the transfer process then is prompted by the system.
Looking Ahead. As CarMax moves forward with its growth plan, I know that Austin Ligon and his team are committed to continuously improving procedures, processes and systems to raise CarMax’s performance level and financial returns. With its marked improvement over the past three years and the stellar performance in fiscal 2002, CarMax has shown that it has a unique offer that consumers enthusiastically embrace and that it has the processes, systems and, most important, the people to deliver the offer. CarMax’s goal is to consistently produce strong sales and earnings growth, benefiting investors and Associates alike. We believe that CarMax has begun to achieve that goal.
Our Circuit City and CarMax businesses are fortunate to have Associates of such fine caliber, and I thank these individuals for their efforts. I also thank our customers, our vendors, our board of directors and our shareholders for their support.
Sincerely,
W. Alan McCollough
President and Chief Executive Officer Circuit City Stores, Inc.
April 2, 2002
 5 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2002
