fiscal 2000, and we will test a new store concept that may help us build an even more distinctive consumer offer in the coming decade.
CIRCUIT CITY: MAKING IT EASIER
The products are exciting; the opportunity is enormous. But, this explosion of new products, services and functionality can be confusing, and consumers will not tolerate confusion. Our job is to unravel the complexities of the developing technology. We start with our longstanding commitment to customer service and a knowl- edgeable sales team. In addition, we are intro- ducing powerful store displays that we believe will maximize sales across all product lines.
In fiscal 2001, our planned 25 new stores and all 571 existing Superstores will feature displays designed to highlight the latest advances in technology. These displays will include AOL Internet Centers, part of our strategic alliance with America Online, Inc.; a Sony Memory Stick Interactive Universe to introduce this portable digital memory device that extends across a family of products; significantly expanded displays highlighting the latest in digital audio recording technology; redesigned wireless phone displays that help consumers compare products, features and services; enhanced DVD, DIRECTV and personal video recording areas to more prominently emphasize the latest video technology; and an expanded digital television display to accommodate DTV’s rapidly growing assortment.
Even as we make it easier for consumers to understand what these complex new products and services can do for them, we recognize that some customers require less help with more familiar products. During the second half of fiscal 2000, we added self-service displays to our new stores. Telephony products, software, VCRs, portable audio products and accessories are
directly accessible by the customer in these areas. Yet even for the most basic products, help is avail- able for customers who want it. This year, we will further expand self-service areas in all our new and remodeled stores.
We will concentrate our fiscal 2001 full remodels in central and south Florida and in Richmond, Va. The Superstores in these markets will be dedicated to consumer electronics and personal computers, creating a high-energy environment for new technologies and permitting expanded assortments of video game hardware and soft- ware, entertainment and computer software, peripherals and accessories. All Superstores opened after the first fiscal quarter will follow this exciting consumer electronics design. In addition, in the remodel markets, we will test a new selling strategy for appliances. In these markets, we will open a limited number of stand-alone major appliance stores, which we believe will increase consumer awareness of our appliance selection and provide an improved selling environment for these products.
E-COMMERCE
Consistent with our commitment to sell the way customers want to buy, in fiscal 2000, we became the first national brick-and-mortar specialty retailer to sell consumer electronics over the Internet. Unlike many competitors, we have tightly integrated our e-Superstore, circuitcity.com, with our brick-and-mortar locations.
We are delivering a combination of in-depth product comparison information, broad product selection and convenient purchase and delivery options, including immediate in-store pickup. Approximately 50 percent of our Internet shoppers choose the convenience of in-store pickup for products available in the store and on the Web.
We are exceptionally pleased with our e-commerce performance, especially during our first high- traffic holiday season. And, we continue to enhance the site. Beginning in April, all sales counselors were able to access our Web store inventory from any point-of-sale terminal, and customers were able to conveniently access our site via our premiere position on AOL’s Shop@ locations. While no one can be certain what industry Web sales may be, we are committed to providing this option to our customers and to being the best on the Web in our categories.
I look forward to the expanding opportunities in our Circuit City business and to working with the exceptional management team and all our Associates who can realize Circuit City’s full potential.
OUTSTANDING PROGRESS
AT CARMAX
I also am energized by our opportunities at CarMax. Austin Ligon and the CarMax Associates have made enormous strides as we have continued to revolutionize the auto indus- try. In a tough, competitive environment, they exceeded their financial goals in fiscal 2000, producing a profit for the year. Austin outlines CarMax’s fiscal 2000 accomplishments and objectives for the coming year in his letter.
I thank all our Associates as we enter this new decade and focus on building value for shareholders in both the Circuit City and CarMax businesses.
Sincerely,
W. Alan McCollough
President and Chief Operating Officer Circuit City Stores, Inc.
April 6, 2000
CIRCUIT CITY
   CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2000 ANNUAL REPORT 5

W. AUSTIN LIGON
I am happy to report that CarMax exceeded its fiscal 2000 objectives. In February 1999, we announced plans to slow our rapid geographic growth so that we could concentrate on improving profitability in under-performing markets and continue building on an already successful foundation in other markets. In fiscal 2000, with a balanced focus on adding revenues and improving margins, we:
• increased our vehicle unit, service and accessory sales;
• increasedourfinancingandextendedwarranty sales; and,
• implemented productivity enhancements that improved efficiency and reduced costs.
These accomplishments improved our pretax operating results by more than $40 million, bringing us to a profitable position for the year. We believe our improved operating results and continued changes in the competitive land- scape set the foundation for solid profitability in fiscal 2001.
EXPANSION HISTORY
When we initiated our aggressive national expansion plan in June 1996, we had just achieved impressive results in our Norcross, Ga.,superstore—thelargeststorewehadopen
at that time. We believed that this store model would be equally successful in other major metro- politan markets. We also were racing to gain first-entry advantage over another superstore
competitor who had committed to high-square- footage, high-acreage locations. We moved too quickly, and the pace of our growth resulted in 10 significantly overbuilt stores.
At CarMax, we now know that most of our multi-store markets need more, but smaller, stores to properly serve their trade areas. We have adopted a hub and satellite strategy that is improving performance in Miami, Tampa, Houston, Dallas and Chicago. In these markets, we have converted a total of six CarMax superstores to satellite operations that share reconditioning, purchasing and business office functions with a nearby hub store. While the satellite store presents exactly the same offer to the consumer, its annual operating costs are much lower, significantly improving the prof- itability in these multi-store markets.
The satellite prototype calls for a display capacity of 250 to 400 vehicles on a four- to six-acre site. A 12,000- to 14,000-square-foot building houses sales offices, a showroom and four to seven service bays for regular maintenance and warranty service. In the first quarter of fiscal 2000, we grand- opened a prototype satellite superstore, in Rockville, Md., enhancing the performance ofthealreadystrongWashington/Baltimore market. In addition, at the end of fiscal 2000, we constructed two prototype satellite stores, one in Dallas and one in Houston.
While CarMax has continued to improve sales and profitability, our major used-car superstore competitor was less successful with their effort to copy our store format. Our competitor exited the used-car superstore business completely at the end of calendar 1999. We believe their exit is already improving sales by eliminating consumer confusion over our competing store formats and allowing CarMax to clearly emerge as the successful used-car superstore standard.
CONSUMER ENTHUSIASM
The opportunities afforded by making it easier and more fun for consumers at every step of the car-buying process are what led us into the business. Our experience convinces us that CarMax continues to offer the best shopping experience for the automotive consumer. CarMax’s success in single-store markets and in the metropolitan multi-store markets of Atlanta, Washington and Baltimore and the rising volumes in our other metro markets is clear evidence of consumers’ enthusiasm for the CarMax offer. CarMax used-car superstores are the highest volume auto retailing locations in the industry. While the average new-car dealer sells 1,150 new and used vehicles per year, the average CarMax superstore sells more than 4,100 used vehicles alone per year. Our Laurel, Md., super- store produces the largest used-car sales volume in the nation, with used-car sales 20 times the used-car sales of the average dealer.
CARMAX PRESIDENT’S LETTER
 In fiscal 2000, CarMax made great strides in improving our operations and better understanding all aspects of the automotive market. In fiscal 2001, we will focus on solidifying this foundation in our existing markets.
 6 CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2000 ANNUAL REPORT

Market research further validates that CarMax customers like our unique approach. Ninety percent of customers are satisfied with their CarMax experience and would recommend CarMax to family and friends.
We also are achieving success when we extend the ease of the CarMax buying process to new cars. We are uniformly successful in the sale of new cars when our franchises are integrated or co-located with CarMax used-car superstores. Within their first year of operation, our inte- grated new-car franchises ranked among
the leading locations for their brands in the markets they serve, and half are number one. Our Norcross, Ga., store in the Atlanta market remains the number one Chrysler-Plymouth dealer in the U.S. and has received the Five Star rating, DaimlerChrysler’s highest honor for cus- tomer service excellence, for two years in a row.
We have been disappointed, however, with the performance of our stand-alone new-car fran- chises. Although their volumes have improved significantly versus their levels prior to acquisi- tion, sales remain below our expectations. We are actively pursuing opportunities to integrate or co-locate as many of these franchises with our used-car operations as possible. In January, we moved our Laurel, Md., Toyota franchise to a site adjacent to the CarMax Auto Superstore in Laurel. The new Laurel Toyota location is the first facility CarMax has built exclusively to
sell new cars. The move already has begun to generate dramatically higher sales volumes.
With the popularity of the CarMax offer proven among CarMax customers, our challenge is to increase consumer awareness, exposing more consumers to The CarMax Way so that they fully understand and appreciate the benefits
of doing business with CarMax. We know that CarMax store sales are directly correlated with the number of consumer store visits. If we increase awareness and visits, we increase sales and profits.
In fiscal 2000, to increase consumer awareness in our markets, we launched a new television advertising campaign focused on the key rea- sons to shop at CarMax:
• Low prices
• No haggling
• Hassle-free financing
• Broad selection
• Certified high quality
• On-site maintenance and repair service
• Online prices and daily inventory updates
CARMAX ONLINE
At the end of fiscal 2000, we continued to enhance CarMax’s uniquely natural Internet integration. Since 1997, carmax.com has allowed consumers to search CarMax’s entire 10,000 new- and used-car inventory, which is updated daily, and see the price and basic description of each vehicle. With the enhance- ments, they now also can compare any new or used vehicles side-by-side, see photographs of each vehicle, compare pricing of used cars with Kelley Blue Book prices, see the MSRP and manufacturer’s invoice price for new cars, and estimate monthly payments. Earlier in the year, we launched our Insta-PriceSM Online New-Car Buying Service, the first online ser- vice to offer firm prices on all new vehicles.
In addition, we began testing alliances with popular online automotive sites that refer consumers to carmax.com. Our online buying service is staffed by dedicated Internet sales consultants, and by the end of the fiscal year,
it was producing 10 percent of our new-car sales transactions.
In fiscal 2000, CarMax made great strides in laying the groundwork for sustaining profitable growth. In fiscal 2001, our focus will remain on solidifying this foundation and securing our role as the nation’s leading specialty used-car retailer as well as a growing retailer of new cars. We plan to concentrate on our hub and satellite strategy in existing markets and to take advantage of appropriate opportunities
to integrate or co-locate new-car franchises with existing used-car superstores. We believe this continued emphasis on revenue growth and operating margin enhancement will deliver solid profitability in fiscal 2001 and allow us to resume moderate and profitable geographic growth thereafter.
I want to thank our CarMax Associates for all the hard work that made possible the extraordinary progress in fiscal 2000. Their continuing, enthu- siastic commitment to The CarMax Way is critical to our success.
Sincerely,
W. Austin Ligon President CarMax
April 6, 2000
CARMAX
  CIRCUIT CITY STORES, INC. 2000 ANNUAL REPORT 7
