   FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
It is my pleasure to write to you about Kroger’s strong 2007 performance and our plans for continued success in 2008 and beyond. We have grown Kroger’s sales from $49 billion in 2000 to over $70 billion in 2007. We have increased market share in our major markets by a combined 165 basis points during the last three fiscal years. And in 2007, our performance exceeded our original expectations for both identical supermarket sales and earnings per share growth.
We are consistently delivering results in the near-term, and at the same time we are making meaningful investments for our future. Our strong performance is the result of our Customer 1st strategy and the contributions of our 320,000 associates who deliver on that strategy every day in every store and Kroger workplace.
CUSTOMER 1ST – A WINNING CONNECTION WITH CUSTOMERS
We are in the fourth year of implementing our Customer 1st strategy. We believe it is connecting well with our shoppers and will enable us to continue to grow our business and generate positive results for Kroger shareholders and associates for many years to come.
Customer 1st focuses on four keys: our people, our products, our prices and the overall shopping experience for our customers. Kroger continues to make strong progress in each of these key areas.
Our friendly, helpful people are the most important element of our Customer 1st strategy. We invest millions of dollars in training and education for our associates to advance their careers with us. We also continually assess the interests and engagement of our people in their work. Our customers are benefiting from these improvements.
At the end of 2007, more than 21,000 of our associates have been with our company more than 25 years – a testimony to the career opportunities with Kroger. We appreciate every person on our team – whether they are a new associate or one of our 20 associates who have been with us 50 years or more.
MULTIPLE COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS
Our Customer 1st strategy builds on Kroger’s many competitive strengths. These include:
• Multiple retail formats that meet the changing needs of our customers. We now operate 43 Marketplace stores, a format that captures the best of selected departments from a Fred Meyer store along with a strong grocery offering.
• Outstanding private-label products that have earned industry-leading market share. Our premium Private Selection products, strong banner brands and great Value products can only be found in our stores. They offer high quality and value for shoppers of all budgets and tastes. Many of these products are made in one of our 42 manufacturing plants.
• Our unwavering focus on listening to our customers and associates. We understand better than anyone what our customers want through our robust customer loyalty card program and the proprietary analytics that drive its success. We listen by conducting focus groups and surveys with thousands of shoppers. Because they are personally engaged with our customers, our associates provide valuable insight and feedback on what we should do to continue to improve. And we listen by partnering with our suppliers, many of whom are world leaders in consumer research.
• The disciplined way we manage our business. We apply rigorous standards to our operational, financial and strategic decisions. We invest $2 billion annually in technology and capital projects, based on an intensive project analysis and review process.
1
 
   • Innovative new business lines such as Kroger Personal Finance, which offers customers in Kroger’s family of stores outstanding rewards and smart, convenient financial products and services.
• Our broad geographic diversity with leading market share in many of the nation’s largest and fastest-growing communities.
• Our successful track record of competing head-to-head against supercenters.
STRONG MARKET SHARE
In 2007, Kroger continued to make impressive gains in market share. In the 44 major markets where we operate, Kroger’s overall market share increased approximately 65 basis points in 2007 versus 2006. Kroger gained share in 37 of our 44 major markets, based on our calculations. Many of these markets are the largest and fastest-growing metropolitan areas in the country.
These increases are on top of strong market share gains in 2005 and 2006. In fact, during the last three fiscal years combined, Kroger’s share in its major markets has increased approximately 165 basis points.
We know that consumers today have many choices. We believe Kroger has the right approach – and strong leadership at all levels of the company – to win with today’s diverse shoppers.
FINANCIAL REVIEW – 2007
Kroger’s performance in 2007 met or exceeded our goals and demonstrates that our strategy is working as we continue to deliver value to both our customers and our shareholders. Total sales for the year increased 6.2% to a record $70.2 billion. After adjusting for the extra week in fiscal 2006, total sales increased 8.2%. Most of this increase was driven by strong identical sales growth, which is an important measure of our plan’s success.
Kroger’s identical supermarket sales growth last year, excluding fuel sales, was 5.3%, surpassing our original target of 3 to 5%. Each quarter we raised our target to reflect the sales momentum throughout the year.
Net earnings for the year were $1.18 billion, or $1.69 per diluted share. This equates to 15% growth after adjusting for the extra week in fiscal 2006. We originally expected to deliver earnings of $1.60 to $1.65 per diluted share for the year.
Kroger’s stock buyback and dividend programs further enhance shareholder value. During fiscal 2007, we repurchased 52.5 million shares of stock at an average price of $27.05 per share for a total investment of $1.4 billion. In January 2008, Kroger announced a new $1 billion stock repurchase authorization. This repurchase authorization replaced the $1 billion stock buyback announced in June 2007. Our share repurchase program reflects our belief that Kroger shares represent an attractive investment opportunity.
In another move to reward shareholders, Kroger announced in March 2008 that our Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend it pays shareholders by 20% to $0.09 per share. This is the second increase in the quarterly dividend since the Board reinstituted the dividend program in 2006. The Board increased the dividend after considering Kroger’s overall performance, the needs of the business and the interests of shareholders. This increase reflects the Board’s confidence in Kroger’s strategic plan and aligns with the objectives outlined when the dividend was initiated.
2
 
   Kroger’s share repurchase and dividend programs are an important part of our plan to deliver substantial value to shareholders. Since January 2000, Kroger has returned $5.0 billion in stock repurchases and $342 million in dividends to shareholders. We plan to continue to use free cash flow to repurchase shares and pay dividends.
OTHER 2007 HIGHLIGHTS
Sustainability
Sustainability is a leading concern among many consumers today. For Kroger, it is not a new trend, but rather a long-term commitment to continually understand and improve our environmental and social impacts.
Our approach to sustainability includes partnering with our customers so we can all do our part. On the environmental front, Kroger and our customers are focused on reducing waste. This year, we made it easy for customers to reduce landfill waste by introducing plastic bag recycling bins in all of our grocery stores. Together, we recycled 9.1 million pounds of plastic. Our store associates hit an important milestone in 2007 when they redirected more than 1 billion pounds of cardboard from landfills to recycling centers through our in-store packaging waste handling program.
We continue to expand our offerings for customers through our reusable bag program. U.S. consumers use approximately 100 billion plastic bags annually. Each reusable bag has the potential to eliminate 1,000 plastic bags over the course of its lifetime. These colorful, low-cost bags are becoming a household staple with multiple uses.
We have also expanded our line of Private Selection Organic and Naturally Preferred products to meet increasing customer demand for these offerings. In addition, through Kroger’s own label of household products, Everyday Living, we now offer a low-cost, highly-efficient compact fluorescent light bulb.
This is just the beginning. To learn more about Kroger’s efforts, we invite you to visit our sustainability report – Doing Our Part – which can be found on our website at www.Kroger.com/green.
Community Support
As a supermarket retailer, we know we can make a difference in helping to feed hungry people in our local communities. According to America’s Second Harvest, more than 35 million Americans are hungry. For more than 25 years, Kroger has been supporting local food banks that bring hope and food to the needy.
Last year, Kroger was once again selected ‘‘Retailer of the Year’’ by the more than 200 food banks of America’s Second Harvest network. This is the fifth time in seven years we have been so honored.
During 2007, we launched a new program to donate wholesome but unsaleable perishables to food banks that have the capacity to safely handle and distribute fresh food. This initiative gives food banks and those they serve access to a variety of nutritious meats, fruits and vegetables. It also is good for the environment because it reduces unnecessary waste.
3
 
   Kroger has also been a long-time supporter of the Salvation Army’s Red Kettle holiday campaign that raises funds to support local needs. In 2007, the campaign raised $9.4 million at Kroger stores across the country, an increase of 16% over the previous year.
Kroger is a generous, involved corporate citizen by any measure. In 2007, our company, foundation, associates and customers, donated more than $160.5 million in Kroger’s name. These donations helped feed the hungry, support local schools and non-profit organizations, and celebrate America’s diversity. Every year, Kroger proudly recognizes some of our associates who make outstanding contributions to their communities. We list the winners of The Kroger Co. Community Service Award for 2007 on the final page of this letter.
Looking Ahead to 2008
Kroger’s broad geographic reach means we compete with many of the best retailers in our nation. Competitive pressure and the uncertainty of the current economic environment will remain challenges. We believe Kroger is positioned to sustain our growth despite these challenges. We have set demanding, yet achievable goals that we believe will continue to generate a strong return for shareholders.
For fiscal 2008, we anticipate earnings of $1.83 to $1.90 per diluted share. As in 2007, we expect Kroger’s earnings per share growth will be driven by the three factors that have been our business strategy for some time: strong identical sales, a slight improvement in non-fuel operating margins, and fewer shares outstanding.
We are forecasting identical sales growth of 3 to 5%, excluding fuel. Shareholder return will be further enhanced by Kroger’s quarterly dividend program.
Both sales and earnings guidance are based on a stable labor environment. In 2008, we are negotiating labor contracts covering store associates in Columbus, Indianapolis, Las Vegas, Nashville, Phoenix and Portland. In every negotiation, we seek balanced agreements that provide good wages and benefits for our associates while allowing us to invest in our business to create career opportunities for existing and future associates.
Kroger Celebrates 125 Years
Kroger had an outstanding 2007. Our results demonstrate Kroger’s ability to consistently generate shareholder value while also making meaningful investments for the future.
In closing, I want to tell you what an honor it is for all of us at Kroger to celebrate our company’s 125th anniversary in 2008. Our longevity is a testament to our company’s ability to deeply listen to customers and change to meet their needs. We remain focused on our Customer 1st strategy and earning the lifelong loyalty of our shoppers.
Our strategy reflects our plan to continue creating shareholder value, but it takes great people who are dedicated to serving the ever-changing needs of America’s diverse shoppers to execute it successfully. Our associates are the reason for our longevity and success.
On behalf of the entire Kroger team, thank you for your continued trust and support.
23FEB200800490507
David B. Dillon
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 4
 