Fellow ShareholderS:
Thanks to Kroger’s 400,000 associates – who strive to provide friendly service and the freshest products to every customer, every shopping trip – 2014 was a record-breaking year.
• Our revenue reached $108.5 billion – an all-time high;
• Our stock price rose 91%, making Kroger one of the top 10 performing stocks in the S&P 500;
• Our positive identical store sales grew for an unprecedented 45 consecutive quarters; and
• Our market share expanded for the 10th year running.
In short, 2014 was a blockbuster year. We added nearly 25,000 new jobs, creating opportunity for our current and future associates. And we have confidence there is more growth and opportunity ahead for our company.
Since becoming CEO last year, the two most common questions I hear from shareholders are “Why is Kroger doing so well?” and “Can you keep it up?” It is my great honor to try and provide answers in this letter.
***
Answering “why is Kroger doing so well?” is like trying to answer “what makes a meal great?”
What makes a meal memorable and enjoyable? It is the combination of food and drink, your companions and the atmosphere, surprise and delight. It is not any one thing, but the sum of its parts.
Like a great meal, there is no single characteristic – no one person or thing – that makes Kroger great. Rather, it is a unique and powerful combination of factors that helps explain Kroger’s success.
It all starts with our friendly associates executing our powerful Customer 1st Strategy, which we launched 12 years ago. We put the customer first in every decision we make.
Our store managers successfully manage multi-million-dollar businesses. But first and foremost, they are focused on our customers and associates. Our goal is to extend our friendly hospitality to each one of the eight million customers who shop in our stores daily.
Our merchandisers are the best in the industry. Their depth of experience, combined with our world-class customer science and data analytics, creates a powerful blend of art and science that is the hallmark of Kroger’s fresh and relevant merchandising. We are focused on bringing to each customer what is most relevant to them – to their tastes, budget and lifestyle – and delivering unique offers through personalized coupons, our popular fuel rewards program, and exclusive digital offers.
Our strong Corporate Brands portfolio continues to gain market share, reaching its highest level of penetration in seven years during the fourth quarter of 2014, when it represented 28.2% of total units sold in our stores. These great products, which can only be found in our family of stores, set us apart.
We continue to invest in price every year. Today, we are saving our customers more than $3.5 billion annually through every day lower prices. Our productivity improvements fuel these price investments.
We continue to improve the customer shopping experience. And, as I will outline below, we are accelerating our entry into eCommerce through our recent mergers with Harris Teeter and Vitacost.com, and by growing our digital capabilities.
It is the combination of these strengths – and many more not mentioned here – that together delivered our strong financial results in fiscal 2014.
***
Fiscal 2014 Results – An Outstanding Year
Kroger’s consistently remarkable performance delivered for shareholders in 2014. The growth plan we first outlined in October 2012 includes four key performance measures: positive identical supermarket sales growth, slightly expanding non-fuel FIFO operating margin, growing return on invested capital and annual market share growth. In 2014, we met or exceeded each of these metrics.
1

At the end of the year, we:
• Achieved an industry-leading 45th consecutive quarter of positive identical supermarket sales growth, without fuel;
• Exceeded our goal to slightly expand FIFO operating margin, without fuel and excluding adjustment items noted in our annual report, on a rolling four quarters basis;
• Improved return on invested capital even as we increased capital investment; and
• Captured incremental market share for the 10th consecutive year.
As a result, we exceeded our long-term, net earnings per diluted share growth rate of 8-11% in fiscal 2014, and we increased our dividend for the eighth consecutive year. In fact, Kroger has delivered double-digit compound growth in our dividend since we reinstated it in 2006.
Net earnings for 2014 totaled $1.73 billion, or $3.44 per diluted share. Excluding adjustment items – the benefit of certain tax items and adjustments for pension plan agreements – Kroger’s adjusted net earnings for 2014 totaled $1.77 billion, or $3.52 per diluted share.
Our strong results during 2014 allowed us to make a strategic and significant contribution to The Kroger Co. Foundation. We use our foundation dollars to support causes that our customers and associates consistently tell us they care about, enhancing our reputation as a locally-connected retailer. We are very proud that Forbes magazine previously recognized our work by naming us the “most generous company in America.” This investment works to support the communities that we serve.
*** Which brings us to the second question: “Can you keep it up?”
My answer is an unequivocal YES. Because, as I like to say, our “to-do” list is longer than our “done” list. We are not done growing and differentiating. We are not done innovating to make our customers’ lives better. And we are not done investing to grow for today and the future.
Innovating to Grow
We are expanding our use of technology. In February 2014, Kroger acquired You Technology, LLC, the Silicon Valley-based leader in digital coupons and promotions. Several months later, our merger with Vitacost.com accelerated our entry into the eCommerce space by several years. Vitacost connects us to an amazingly talented team of associates who have created a substantial platform that includes advanced technology and ship-to-home fulfillment centers. We are currently testing Harris Teeter’s successful ExpressLane concept – an order online, pickup at the store model – in Cincinnati, and we plan to expand to other stores and markets in the coming year. Together, the learnings from our Vitacost and Harris Teeter mergers are helping us give our customers the ability to interact with us when, where and how they want. More customers than ever before are engaging with our digital properties. More than 15 million customers have digital accounts with Kroger, through which they receive unique benefits and offers on our suite of digital platforms, including our mobile app, website and social media sites.
We are entering a new era in customer engagement with the introduction of 84.51°. Early in 2015, Kroger and our data analytics partner dunnhumby Ltd announced a new chapter in our relationship to accelerate innovation in customer science. We replaced our existing exclusive joint venture called dunnhumbyUSA with a more flexible arrangement and the acquisition of certain assets from dunnhumbyUSA. Operating with those acquired assets as its foundation, our new, wholly-owned subsidiary, 84.51°, is starting with 500 talented associates from the former JV and the technology to continue developing our leading customer loyalty program. In addition, the ability to combine what we already know with other partners is exciting and will speed up innovation.
2

We are quickly becoming a top destination for customers looking for affordable, accessible organic and natural foods. Natural Foods continues to be the fastest-growing department in our stores on a percentage basis. Our leading natural and organics store brand, Simple Truth, reached a milestone $1.2 billion in annual sales in 2014. And this within two years of launching the brand exclusively in our stores! During the year, more than 20 million households bought one of our more than 2,600 Simple Truth or Simple Truth Organic items.
Investing to Grow
Our mergers with Harris Teeter and Vitacost have also opened new markets that present meaningful growth opportunities for Kroger. In fact, Vitacost today sells direct to consumers in all U.S. states and territories, and more than 160 countries worldwide.
We are currently pursuing our fill-in markets strategy, as outlined in 2012, and are making good progress. Fill-in markets are existing markets where we are investing capital to grow square footage, primarily through new and expanded stores and remodels, in order to increase our market share.
***
The Kroger Difference
Increasingly, shoppers care about price, product selection and quality, the store experience and how well companies take care of their associates, communities and the planet.
Taking Care of Our Associates
I am proud to say that Kroger is in the food business and the people business. Our people are our
greatest asset.
We want our workforce to be the healthiest in America. To improve workplace wellness, we give associates a variety of tools, including an incentive program with measurable outcomes. Over the last four years, we have seen a demonstrated improvement in the health of our workforce through lower cholesterol, blood pressure and blood glucose scores. And, our workplace well-being program received a ‘Best Employers for Healthy Lifestyles’ award from the National Business Group on Health, and the company’s commitment to employee health and wellness was recognized by the American Heart Association.
Our goal is to provide our associates a total compensation package that includes solid wages, good quality, affordable health care, and retirement benefits. In 2014, Kroger invested $1.8 billion in our associates’ health care.
Kroger is also one of the safest companies in our industry. Associate engagement in innovative safety programs has reduced accident rates in our stores and manufacturing plants by 77 percent since 1995. In 2014, 649 retail locations and three manufacturing plants went the entire year without a recordable injury.
We continue to do our part to create jobs and opportunity. We employ 25,000 more associates today than we did last year. More than 90 percent of these new jobs are in our supermarket divisions, ranging from full-time department heads and assistant store managers to part-time courtesy clerks and cashiers. Over the last seven years, Kroger has created more than 65,000 new jobs in our local communities. We are particularly proud that we hired more than 6,000 veterans in 2014 and more than 29,000 veterans since 2009.
We pride ourselves on our opportunity culture, where all associates have an opportunity to grow, build new skills and turn a job into a career. More than two-thirds of our store managers started their Kroger careers as part-time clerks. I began my own career at Kroger as a part-time stock clerk while earning my degree at the University of Kentucky, so I know first-hand the opportunities that are available to our associates.
One of the things that makes Kroger so special is how we extend our opportunity culture to everyone. We have a long tradition of hiring people with disabilities, especially on our front lines serving customers. Last year, Kroger was recognized by the Marriott Foundation for People with Disabilities and separately by the Ohio Governor’s Council on People with Disabilities for significantly contributing to employment opportunities for the disability community.
3

Taking Care of Our Communities
We are a locally-connected retailer that is embedded in the community. When you combine the food and funds we donate, working together our Company, foundation, customers, associates and suppliers contributed more than $280 million to our local communities in 2014.
We strive to be connected to and responsive to the local communities we serve by:
• Delivering the equivalent of more than 270 million meals to more than 100 local Feeding America food banks in 2014.
• Donating more than $6 million in 2014 in support of women’s health and breast cancer awareness programs. Fully half of it was contributed by customers and associates.
• Contributing $3.3 million to the USO in 2014 to help support the military and their families. Since 2010, Kroger has donated $11.9 million to the USO – the largest cumulative gift to the USO in that organization’s history.
• Supporting more than 30,000 schools and local organizations with $51 million donated in 2014 through our Community Rewards program that delivers customer-driven donations based on purchases in our stores.
We make all of these strategic investments because they strengthen the communities we call home and also improve our connection with our customers, who have identified these causes as the priorities that are most important to them. We see our community connection – the Kroger difference – as an important competitive advantage for our company and as a point of pride for our associates.
We also see engagement with local farmers and producers as part of our efforts to make a difference in our communities. We work closely with growers to buy local and market their seasonally-fresh products in our stores, and we participate in established programs such as Colorado Proud, Kentucky Proud and Go Texan to meet the growing demand for fresh, locally-sourced foods.
Kroger is a leader in supplier diversity, spending more than $2 billion annually with women- and minority-owned businesses. We proudly remain a member of the Billion Dollar Roundtable and the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Million Dollar Club, received a Top Organization for Multicultural Business Opportunities award from Diversity Business, and was named one of America’s Top Corporations for Women Business Enterprises by the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council.
Taking Care of the Planet
In 2014, we continued our 12-year journey to reduce our energy consumption while expanding square footage and sales. We have reduced energy consumption by 35% since 2000. Kroger was recently honored as a 2015 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year for our work in energy management.
One of Kroger’s key sustainability priorities is moving our retail stores and facilities toward “zero waste”. Our stores are sending less waste to landfills and incinerators through a variety of efforts, including composting and our innovative Perishable Donations Program – a process to rescue safe, edible fresh products and donate them quickly to local food banks. This system has been replicated by many retailers and today fresh products make up more than half of the food distributed nationwide by Feeding America. Our manufacturing facilities continue to lead waste reduction. Today, 26 of our 37 manufacturing plants are designated as “zero waste” facilities.
Another important area is sustainable seafood. Our goal is to source 100% of our fresh and frozen seafood from sustainable sources. We continue to make strong progress toward this goal, reaching 86% in 2014 and placing Kroger among market-leaders.
You can learn more about our sustainability initiatives by reading our annual sustainability report, available on our website sustainability.kroger.com.
***
4

Retirements
Dave Dillon, who as I said in last year’s letter has been called “the grocers’ grocer”, retired as Chairman of the Board in December. We thank him for his ten incredible years as Chairman and CEO, and wish him, his wife Dee, and his family much happiness as they turn to the next chapter in their lives.
We also extend our appreciation to Reuben Anderson, who retired from Kroger’s Board of Directors in 2014 after 23 years of service; Steven Rogel, who retired from Kroger’s Board of Directors in 2014 after 15 years of service; Bruce Macaulay, president of Kroger’s Columbus division, who retired in March after 42 years of service with the Company; and Katy Barclay, senior vice president of human resources, who retires in the fall after five years developing Kroger’s human resources capabilities. On behalf of the entire Kroger family, we thank each of these individuals for their service and leadership.
It is my great honor to continue working with one of the strongest management teams in the retail industry.
***
We are a company inspired by purpose: To lift up our customers and each other, to make someone’s day brighter, whether through a smile, making dinner easier, or extending a hand to a friend. Our purpose extends well beyond our store walls, and we strive to be good stewards for our customers and associates, planet and communities.
I am pleased to say we fulfilled our commitments to our shareholders, customers and associates in 2014. While we are proud of the strong year behind us, we are looking ahead. We intend to continue growing market share and share of loyalty, and growing our top and bottom lines. There is much more to come.
On behalf of our entire team, thank you for your continued confidence in Kroger.
W. Rodney McMullen
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 5
