Message from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
a2b
as a global food company, we can help raise people up—out of hunger, out of poverty, toward healthier lifestyles—through what we make and how we make it. Millions of times a day...in ways big and small...quite literally around the world, we’re doing just that. and we do it at multiple points in our supply chain...from our agriculture sourcing initiatives that have made us a leading purchaser of sustainable cocoa, coffee and cashews to our finished products, like Biskuat and Tiger fortified biscuits that help indonesian moms ensure their kids get the right vitamins and minerals to grow to their full potential.
“Creating a more delicious world” is a lofty goal to be sure. But we make it achievable by taking a pragmatic approach. first, we focus our efforts where we can make the greatest difference. Our global priorities are food safety, health and well-being, and sustainability. next, we agree on the goals, strategies and actions to achieve each priority.
Our goals, whether financial or philanthropic, are designed to be ambitious, but achievable. Our strategies are long term, spanning decades in some cases. But the targets we set to evaluate our progress are measured in increments of five years or less. that way, the same people who set the targets can also be
 irene B. rosenfeld Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Ever since my first “job” selling girl scout cookies, i believed that business could be a force for good. today, i know it is.
Business is a vital part of the success of most nations. from Chile to China. the united states to ukraine. Well-run businesses contribute to society in so many ways: Providing jobs, creating robust supply chains, revitalizing communities, innovating solutions for some of the world’s toughest challenges, contributing to public coffers and delivering shareholder returns that enable further investment. But companies that can successfully and simultaneously balance the short- and long-term interests of the multiple constituents they serve can do the most good. they can, indeed, change the
world for the better.
that’s one of the reasons i’m so proud to
be leading Kraft foods, where we say that “delicious is our difference.” Yes, our products taste delicious. But to us, it’s more than that. delicious is also our corporate purpose...the mindset and spirit we apply to everything we do and how we do it. it’s also why we titled this report, “Creating a more delicious world.”
 MEssagE frOM Our ChairMan and ChiEf ExECutivE OffiCEr
Index

CrEating a MOrE dEliCiOus WOrld | Our 2010 rEPOrt
a 3 b
 irene rosenfeld helps build
a playground in Chicago’s Washington Park, one of
13 playgrounds built as part of our partnership with KaBOOM! during delicious difference Week in 2010. during this week, nearly 25,000 employees in 56 countries engaged in community activities to help fight hunger and promote healthy lifestyles.
irene B. rosenfeld
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kraft foods inc.
May 2011
held accountable for delivering them. finally, our actions focus on what we call the “three Ps” for creating lasting change: Products, Policies and Partnerships. all three are important, but
i want to elaborate a bit on Partnerships. Even though there is a lot we can do as the world’s second-largest food company, many of the issues we’re tackling are so big that we can
only achieve lasting change when we work
with others. so together with our suppliers, customers and consumers...with governments, multilateral organizations and nongovernmental organizations (ngOs)...we look for innovative ways to combine our inherent strengths and capabilities to achieve the kinds of significant change we all want—for ourselves, for our children and for generations to come.
in the following pages, i encourage you to
take a look at what we’re doing and what we’ve accomplished, on our own and in partnership with others around the world. this report covers both the legacy Kraft foods and Cadbury businesses and summarizes our 2010 progress in the areas of highest societal interest.
We’re not perfect, and we’re not finished. But by focusing on what matters most and where we can make the biggest difference, i am confident we’re on the right path. We’re working to support healthier lifestyles and sustainable agriculture. seeking solutions that, by design, benefit our business and our society. Working for outcomes that are sustainable and scalable. and sharing our progress and setbacks along the way. We can’t do everything, but we are doing a great deal. We’re proud of what we’ve accomplished and how it is helping consumers and communities around the world live more deliciously every day.
     MEssagE frOM Our ChairMan and ChiEf ExECutivE OffiCEr
Index
