Dear Shareholder,

2005 proved to be a difficult and disappointing year. Our performance lagged our expectations. The surge in commodity costs, coupled with our deliberate pricing actions to sustain the vitality of the categories in which we compete and our shares thereof, eroded our profit margins. Your Board of Directors and management are acutely aware of our shortcomings in terms of our financial performance. While there was strategic progress in some key areas that are highlighted in Roger's accompanying letter, we all recognize that our actions must deliver consistent and predictable revenue and income growth year after year.
Louis C. Camilleri Chairman

Management and the entire Kraft organization are intensely focused on securing such growth and addressing our strategic challenges. We recognize that this has taken more time than we had originally anticipated due to the economic and competitive adversity that has and continues to prevail. I am, nevertheless, confident that the steps we are taking and the strategies that are being pursued will prove to be successful and that a solid foundation has been laid for growth based on innovation and executional excellence.

Our performance ultimately rests on the immense talent of Kraft's employees and the strength of our brands. We are blessed with both and together they will unleash the vast potential of this wonderful company and reward you with enhanced shareholder value.

Louis C. Camilleri Chairman March 3, 2006

2

Fellow Shareholder,

Focusing on Consumers; Guiding Kraft to Sustainable Growth
2005 was a challenging year for Kraft Foods. However, we made significant progress against our Sustainable Growth Plan, which will ensure enduring momentum for our company over the long term. We improved our Brand Value propositions, aggressively took costs out of the business and better leveraged our global scale. Through these actions and others, we are gaining momentum toward creating a stronger, simpler, more innovative Kraft ­ one that moves quickly to deliver both the products our consumers want and the growth you rightly expect. Our overall financial performance in 2005 lagged the progress we're making in fixing our business, but by the time you're finished reading this letter, I hope you'll share my conviction that we're doing what's needed to generate stronger growth in 2006 and beyond. I'll review in more detail below the key elements of our 2005 performance. But first, I want to say a few words about the individuals I believe are the most significant driver of our ability to deliver shareholder value for Kraft and who, for that reason, are the focal point of this report: our consumers. propositions that we can remains the surest way for us to create value for each of you. That's why every day when we make decisions, we always try to think about our consumers first. Will the decision make it easier for consumers to find our products? Will it make our products more attractive to them, by offering the right bundle of benefits at the right price? Will it add to their enjoyment of our products? We're convinced that focusing relentlessly on the consumer impact of our decisions is the single most important thing we can do to ensure future success for all our stakeholders, including our employees, our retail customers and you, our shareholders. And that's why "Put Consumers First" is the first, and most important, of Kraft's three guiding principles (Put Consumers First, Work Simply; Act Quickly and Play to Win). These principles, together with the seven strategies that make up our Sustainable Growth Plan, ensure that we stay focused on what really matters. Throughout this report, you will see these guiding principles at work ­ in both what we do and how we do it. In the pages that follow this letter, your Kraft Executive Team will share with you just a few of the many examples where we put consumers first, simplified our business and played to win in 2005. To help bring these examples to life, we've also included some representative comments drawn from the millions of consumer contacts we receive each year. We hope that these quotes give you a sense of how consumers around the world express their feelings for how we are meeting their needs ­ one sip, one snack, one meal...one delicious moment at a time.

Roger K. Deromedi Chief Executive Officer

Putting Consumers First
For more than 100 years, our success has depended upon our ability to create a special relationship between consumers and our portfolio of trusted brands. This relationship is reinforced whenever a consumer buys a Kraft product, which happens hundreds of millions of times a day, all around the world. We built our company by finding new and innovative ways to delight our consumers ­ to anticipate and fulfill their unmet needs. And offering them the most attractive Brand Value

3

Disappointing Financial Performance in 2005, But Making Progress in Fixing our Business
In 2005, like many of you, we were dissatisfied with our overall financial performance. While full-year diluted earnings per share rose 11% to $1.72, this gain was largely attributable to lower restructuring costs than in 2004, an extra shipping week and tax favorabilities. Our earnings were negatively impacted by $800 million in higher commodity costs, coupled with our strategic decision not to increase pricing on certain brands in order to maintain competitiveness. Full-year ongoing volume was essentially flat versus 2004 excluding divestitures due to our focus on revenue and mix improvement, our product item or SKU reduction program and the impacts of pricing and competition ­ particularly in Europe ­ where store brands generally either lagged or didn't follow our commodity-cost-driven price increases. However, we did grow ongoing constant currency revenues by approximately 3%, adjusting for comparable numbers of shipping weeks, consistent with our Sustainable Growth Plan's goal for this critical metric. We achieved our target of approximately $260 million in savings from the restructuring program announced in 2004, while incurring lower-than-expected charges. We continued to make progress in focusing our portfolio on core businesses by completing a number of divestitures, including our global sugar confectionery business and the bulk of our Canadian grocery business. And we returned approximately $2.6 billion in cash to you through our dividend ­ which we increased by 12.2% to $0.92 and through full-year share repurchases of $1.2 billion. But, most important in my view, we made good progress in fixing our business in some critical ways that will enable us to achieve more attractive results ­ in both our top and bottom lines ­ in 2006 and beyond. Highlights of those improvements include: Brand Value Improvements. To win with consumers we must continuously improve our Brand Value propositions. Whether we do this by creating worldclass marketing like the "Our House" campaign for Maxwell House; by introducing innovative growth platforms, like our Tassimo hot beverage system; by enhancing existing brands with technological innovations, like our rising crust pizza dough for DiGiorno pizza; or by pursuing important trends that cut across our sectors, such as consumers' increasing

focus on whole grains, we're spending as much of our time as possible on finding exciting new ways to provide consumers with the right bundle of benefits at the right price. During 2005, our efforts were rewarded in the U.S. by a market share gain across our top 25 earnings categories, despite a number of pricing actions. In fact, in the fourth quarter, we achieved our highest quarterly share increase in these critical categories in more than three years. 2006 will see even more focus on building Brand Value. New Product Successes. Our "fewer, bigger, better" approach to innovation led to a record $1.5 billion in revenues from new products in 2005 ­ up more than 50% over 2003. Importantly, these new products have higher revenue and profit per pound, which is improving the "mix" (or profitability) of what we sell. Additionally, new products such as the South Beach Diet line are proving to be incremental, rather than simply replacing sales of our existing products. And, we expect this to continue with more new products in 2006, including expansion of the South Beach Diet line into additional categories like breakfast wraps, and the introduction of our Ritz chips platform across developing markets. Health & Wellness. Sales of products that qualify for our Sensible Solution nutritional criteria grew quickly, and accounted for around 30% of our U.S. retail food revenues (excluding coffee, tea and pet snacks) for the nine months ending September 2005. In 2006, we will continue to increase the number of our offerings which qualify to carry the Sensible Solution flag. Simplification. We've eliminated more than 20% of our product items during the past two years (and plan to eliminate another 10% in 2006), allowing us to focus more attention on our faster-selling items. We streamlined our North American commercial unit by flattening the organization, by integrating our Canadian operation and by broadening spans of control overall. We also reorganized management in the European Union around core categories to more effectively run our business in this competitive environment. And, in 2006, we expect to reduce the amount of time we spend on our planning processes by half so we can spend more time growing our business. Growth in Developing Markets. Our increased focus on developing markets created solid revenue growth of approximately 8% (on a comparable 52-week basis) this past year. In 2006, we expect improved distribution and an expanded portfolio of offerings,

4

including new fortified Tang beverages in Latin America, to help us continue to grow in these critical markets. Moreover, these high-growth countries still represent only 12% of our revenues, so there's plenty more room for us to grow in the years ahead. Cost reductions. Strong execution this past year against our initial restructuring program enabled us to increase our estimate for ongoing annual savings from $400 million to $450 million. Equally important, the actions we've taken put us in a position to lower our cost base even more aggressively going forward. Our expanded restructuring program, announced in January of 2006, will provide additional ongoing pre-tax savings of approximately $700 million a year ­ funds that we can invest in our brands and that will help improve our total shareholder return. As illustrated by these examples, although there's clearly more to be done, we made a lot of progress in 2005. We know we must now translate our improving business fundamentals into stronger growth and better financial performance in 2006 and I believe we are up to the challenge.

3. Play to Win by continuing the transformation of both our portfolio and our organization. In 2006 we'll be continuing to look for ways to focus our portfolio on categories where we have sustainable competitive advantage and to hold ourselves accountable for world-class execution of all of our initiatives. With the help of these actions and everything else we're doing as part of our Sustainable Growth Plan, we believe that our momentum will build as 2006 progresses, that our market shares will continue to improve and that we'll continue to better position ourselves to deliver on our long-term targets. More specifically, we expect to continue to grow our ongoing, constant currency revenues in 2006 by 3% or greater (on a comparable 52-week basis), driven by new products, positive mix and developing market growth. We expect to achieve diluted earnings per share of $1.38-$1.43, including approximately $0.50 in restructuring and impairment costs. And, we expect to generate $2.7 billion in discretionary cash flow, which is operating cash less capital expenditures. As you'll see when you turn to the rest of this report, by delighting consumers every day, we can both win in the marketplace and improve our results. The Kraft Executive Team and our employees around the world are aligned with what needs to be done and energized to tackle the challenges we face to drive growth. I'm proud of each and every Kraft employee who, by working together in our new global organization, made our progress in 2005 possible. One of the things I've learned during my career is that when you work with great people, the challenges are more manageable and the successes more satisfying. I thank our employees for their unwavering commitment to embracing change, and thank each of you, our investors, for your continued support.

Improving Outlook for 2006 and Beyond
In order to deliver stronger growth this year and beyond, we will prioritize three things above all else: 1. Put Consumers First in order to maximize our Brand Value propositions and new product innovations. We expect new product revenues in 2006 to remain around 2005 levels. To help us maintain this pace, much of our focus will continue to be on driving and expanding our global growth platforms ­ for example, expanding our whole grain choices, increasing our offerings of Crystal Light and Kool-Aid on-the-go beverage sticks and launching new Oreo wafer sticks. 2. Work Simply; Act Quickly to increase our affordability and flexibility. 2006 will see continued emphasis on simplifying and speeding up what we do and how we do it. From the implementation of clearer decision-making models with specific accountabilities, to global work teams that more efficiently share learnings regarding global product launches, to more streamlined approval processes, we will continue to improve our ability to increase both the pace and effectiveness of everything we do.

Roger K. Deromedi Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2006

5

