 Larry Montgomery, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Kevin Mansell, President; and Tom Kingsbury, Senior Executive Vice President
Operating Income
(in millions of dollars)
$1,021 $951
2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006
(1) Compounded Annual Growth Rate.
Dear Shareholder,
Our fiscal 2006 performance can best be described in one word: growth. We delivered solid top- and bottom-line performance. We opened 85 exciting new stores and we successfully executed on our four strategic initiatives.
Strong Financial Growth
Our sales have grown by 50% over the past three years, from $10 billion in 2003 to a record $15.5 billion this year. No other major department store has a growth rate that comes even close. For this year, comparable store sales rose 5.9%, increasing in all regions and all four quarters, boosting us to the top of the rankings among our peer group.
Operating income grew 28% to $1.8 billion and the operating margin reached an all-time high of 11.7%. This puts us well on our way to achieving our goal of 12.5% operating margin by 2010.
Net income increased 32% to a record $1.1 billion or $3.31 per diluted share, driven by strong improvement in our gross margin and prudent expense management. Our balance sheet remained strong and we again generated significant flow from operations.
In April, we completed the sale of our proprietary credit card business to
JPMorgan Chase and intered into a multi-
year agreement with Chase to share in the profitability of the credit card portfolio. We used the net proceeds to begin our authorized $2 billion share repurchase program, purchasing 27 million shares in fiscal 2006
Growth across the Nation
We continue to deliver on our real estate growth strategy. Our ability to successfully add new stores and new markets reached new heights with the grand opening of 65 stores across the country on a single day in October, the largest one-day grand opening in our history.
Looking ahead, we see many more opportunities for strategic, profitable growth. By the end of 2010, we expect to
be operating more than 1,200 stores and to generate approximately $24 billion in sales and $1.9 billion in net income. We believe these goals are both realistic and achievable.
Growth throughout the Business
Our strategic initiatives are the roadmap for our future growth. These initiatives focus on merchandise content, marketing, inventory management and the in-store shopping experience.
   $1,416 $1,193
$1,815
       $790
   2
Vision
18.1%CAGR(1)

   3
  “Our sales have grown by 50% over the past three years, from $10 billion in 2003 to a record $15.5 billion this year. No other major department store has a growth rate that comes even close.”
Our focus on lifestyle merchandising
is designed to meet our objective of increasing market share by expanding our appeal to a broader range of customers. Brands such as Chaps continue to attract our core classic customer. In the updated and contemporary categories, daisy fuentes, apt. 9, Candie’s, Tony Hawk and Casa Cristinaare just a few of our new brands and brand extensions.
In 2007, we’ll add even more variety and innovation to our merchandise through exclusive licensing agreements for Simply Vera Vera Wang , ELLE and Food Network collections. Together, these will be the largest number and by far the largest volume of new and expanded offerings we have ever launched. To support our growing portfolio of world-class brands, we will open a design office in the heart of New York’s garment district in spring
of 2007.
Our marketing program is designed
to differentiate our stores in the marketplace. The program uses a strategically selected variety of media
to build awareness and desire for our national, private and exclusive brands, and to increase traffic and sales. Our marketing statement, “Only at Kohl’s,” distinguishes our stores and our exclusive brands, giving customers an even more compelling reason to shop our stores.
Our focus on inventory management includes activities to improve inventory flow and increase speed-to-market. As always, our goal is to meet customer expectations for in-stock merchandise in a broad range of sizes and colors.
Enhancing the in-store shopping experience revolves around making our stores more visually exciting and easier
to shop. Introduced in 2006, our new innovation store design is aimed squarely at broadening customer appeal. From the exterior showcase windows displaying the latest fashions to creative merchandise displays highlighting the newest trends, our innovation stores encourage shoppers to browse every department. Of the 85 stores we opened in 2006, approximately half were innovation stores. We plan to incorporate elements of this format into all new and remodeled stores in 2007.
For us, growth is an all-encompassing and never-ending process. Through ongoing innovation across the business, we are converting our core concepts
of brands, value and convenience into sustained long-term growth and profitability. The significant increase in our stock price in 2006 reflects our success in achieving these goals.
The People behind our Growth
It’s no secret that the key to our success has always been the talent within our organization and our 114,000 dedicated Associates who make our customers their first priority. Our commitment to our great team of Associates was underscored in 2006 with our selection by Business Week magazine as one of the top 50 companies to launch a career.
We wish to extend a deep and heartfelt thank you to Arlene Meier and Jay Baker. Arlene retired after 16 years with the company, serving for the past six years as chief operating officer and a director.
She retired from the Board in February 2007. Jay was one of the three principals who built the solid foundation for our success, serving as president for 13 years. Jay will retire from the Board
in May 2007.
Stephen E. Watson joined our Board of Directors in 2006, bringing his
30 years of retail industry experience, including 23 years with Target Corporation. We also welcomed
Tom Kingsbury as a principal in
the newly created position of senior executive vice president.
Coming off another outstanding year,
it is appropriate that we again thank
the people who made it happen – our Associates, shareholders, customers and business partners. With their help, you cancontinuetoexpecgtreatthings
from Kohl’s.
Larry Montgomery
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Kevin Mansell
President
Tom Kingsbury
Senior Executive Vice President
            