2
Dear Shareholders
enable shoppers to quickly find what they need. We expanded our merchandise offerings to appeal to a broader range of customers and introduced new merchandise into our stores more frequently. Seven new exclusive, private or national brands were added in 2004, with more on the horizon in 2005.
MERCHANDISE STRATEGIES A major initiative in 2004 was the introduction of exclusive brands that can only be found at Kohl’s. We introduced daisy fuentes for misses and everGirl for young girls in 2004, and the Oh Baby! by Motherhood maternity collection became exclusive to Kohl’s in early 2005. Through our strategic alliance with The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., we added a major category we didn’t previously offer – cosmetics. Our exclusive beauty products were introduced in 288 stores in 2004 and will be rolled-out to our remaining stores in 2005.
In the fall of 2005, Kohl’s will become the exclusive retailer for Candie’s apparel in juniors and young girls. More exclusive lines
are planned for 2005, including The Backyardigans, a new toddler line based on Nickelodeon’s hottest new show.
We expanded our selection of national brands by introducing Laura Ashley Lifestyles and Gloria Vanderbilt for the home, and Bongo for juniors in 2004. In early 2005, we added Chaps in both casual and dress in mens, which we believe will offer a tremendous opportunity to increase our market share in the men’s business. Other new national brands in 2005 include ROYAL VELVET in home.
We increased our private brand offerings in 2004 with the introduction of Urban Pipeline for young men. We introduced apt. 9 in both mens and misses to appeal to customers seeking today’s contemporary fashions and will extend the brand further in 2005.
We will continue our focus on developing new exclusive and private brands that add excitement and variety to our stores, as well as adding national brands our customers know and trust.
CAPITAL INVESTMENTS In 2004, we invested $890 million in capital projects to expand our presence, remodel existing stores, support our future growth and enhance productivity.
We added 95 stores in 2004, increasing our store base from 542 to 637 stores. California became our largest state with 62 stores, as we entered five new markets: San Francisco, Sacramento, San
 Larry Montgomery, Arlene Meier and Kevin Mansell
2004 GOALS 2004 was a year in which we made considerable progress toward advancing our financial and business objectives.
Our financial goals for 2004 were to return to positive comparable store sales increases, restore the gross margin to historic levels and appropriately manage expenses, while making the investments needed to support our expansion. Achieving these objectives would return us to earnings increases of 20% per year.
Here’s how we did. We achieved record sales for our thirteenth consecutive year as a public company. Net sales were $11.7 billion, a 14% increase. Comparable store sales were up 0.3%. Net income increased 26% to a record $730.4 million or $2.12 per diluted share. Our sales per square foot remains among the highest in the industry and our operating margin of 10.6% is one of the highest in the department store business.
While we are pleased with our progress, we know we can do better.
2004 ACHIEVEMENTS We made excellent progress in 2004 in enhancing the customer shopping experience. We reduced overall inventory levels, increased inventory turns and improved our processes, enabling us to increase profitability by reducing the amount of merchandise sold on clearance.
We adjusted the number and placement of fixtures to make it easier for customers to navigate the store. New, visually strong graphics were added to better highlight our various brands and

 Diego, Fresno and Bakersfield. Other new markets in 2004 included Salt Lake City, Utah; Memphis, Tennessee; and Rochester, New York. We also continued to open additional stores in established markets.
In 2005, we will open approximately 95 new stores, increasing square footage by 15%. Kohl’s will enter the state of Florida with stores opening in Orlando and Jacksonville in the fall. Consistent with our expansion in other regions, we will open a new distribution center in Macon, Georgia, to support our growth in the Southeast. We will also continue to expand our presence in our existing markets in order to increase market share.
Our capital structure is well positioned to continue to support our expansion plans. Capital expenditures in 2004 were funded entirely through internally generated cash and we expect to fund our future expansion in the same manner.
DIFFERENTIATING KOHL’S In 2004, we continued to build the Kohl’s brand to maximize our customer base and attract new customers. The foundation for our success is our well-established concept of brands, value and convenience. We are focused on our core customer – a busy mom shopping for herself, her home and her family. We offer the national brands she wants, along with strong private brands. Our new exclusive brands further differentiate Kohl’s in the marketplace.
One of our biggest competitive advantages is convenience. From our commitment to being in-stock in a broad variety of merchandise categories to our neighborhood locations with easy in-out parking, wide aisles, quick checkout and hassle-free returns, the Kohl’s concept is designed with our core customer in mind. Our strong credit card loyalty program, values every day throughout the store and friendly Associates further enhance the Kohl’s shopping experience.
EXPECT GREAT THINGS In 2005, we will begin moving Kohl’s
to the next level as a company. Our new positioning statement, expect great things, is a commitment to our customers, our Associates, our business partners and our shareholders. We want
to provide a great shopping experience for our customers, with
the best possible brands, prices and selections in the nation. Our Associates should expect a work environment that inspires, supports and rewards them. Our business partners will truly be partners and, together, we will create the best products in the marketplace. Finally, we will be prudent stewards of our shareholders’ investment in the company.
The key to expect great things is our people. We strengthened our executive team in 2004 by increasing the number of senior level positions in merchandising, planning and allocation and product development to help us improve our merchandise content and set Kohl’s apart from the competition. Some of the positions were filled by outside hires, while others were filled through internal promotions.
We welcomed over 15,000 new Associates to Kohl’s in 2004. We are committed to attracting and retaining the best talent in retail. Our Associates are an outstanding team that did a great job of helping to restore the attributes that make Kohl’s special to our customers.
We remain committed to managing our business both ethically and responsibly and to representing the best interest of our shareholders through good corporate governance. After thorough review by its Governance and Nominating Committee, the Board of Directors believes Kohl’s is in full compliance with all applicable corporate governance rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Accordingly, in 2004, Kohl’s provided the NYSE with an unqualified Annual CEO Certification of compliance, and has filed with the SEC, as an exhibit to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for fiscal years 2003 and 2004, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 302 certification regarding the quality of the company’s public disclosure.
2005 AND BEYOND Our accomplishments in 2004 have set the stage to deliver a great 2005. We look ahead to 2005 as a year to return to mid-single digit comparable store sales increases through the infusion of new, innovative merchandise and marketing enhancements that revolve around the promise of expect great things. We will continue our commitment to 20% earnings growth and to providing brands, value and convenience to our customers. We’ll use our financial strength to continue our steady expansion into both new and existing markets and to improve our processes and productivity.
We want to thank all of our Associates across the country for helping Kohl’s to get back on track in 2004. We remain committed to all of our Associates, our customers, our partners, our shareholders and our communities. We believe our future has never been brighter. You can expect great things from Kohl’s.
   Larry Montgomery
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Kevin Mansell
President
Arlene Meier
Chief Operating Officer
3
