 Kevin Mansell, Arlene Meier and Larry Montgomery
 “While many department store chains try to imitate us, there is only one Kohl’s. The foundation for our success is our well-established concept of brands, value and convenience.”
  Dear Shareholders:
2
Without question, 2003 was a very difficult year for Kohl’s. Although we achieved record sales for our twelfth consecutive year as a public company, our earnings performance was a disappointment.
Net sales crossed the $10 billion milestone, increasing 12.7% to $10.3 billion. Net income, however, decreased 8.1% to $591 million or $1.72 per diluted share in fiscal 2003 and comparable store sales were down 1.6%. Clearly, we did not achieve our goal of 20% earnings growth. Profitably increasing our comparable store sales is our number-one priority.
How Did it Happen?
We could take the easy way out and blame it on external factors such as the weather, the war and the economy. The reality is we did not execute to our normally high standards. We got off track, and we are responsible for getting things back on track.
We did not execute to our standards in three key areas: inventory levels and content, the customer shopping experience and marketing. Our stores were over-stocked and difficult to shop. Our assortment in misses and women’s was not what our customer was looking for. And, our marketing was no longer unique in a highly promotional retail environment.
To validate our conclusions, we conducted extensive customer research, both quantitative and qualitative.
This research verified our analysis. At the same time,
our customer confirmed that our mission statement is what she’s looking for, a value-oriented department store offering national brand merchandise in a clean, friendly, convenient
environment. We’ve learned from our mistakes and are taking the actions needed to correct them. We recognize that we need to restore her trust in us.
We are confident that our business model is sound and we are positioned to increase market share. We have reduced our inventory levels appropriately and made modifications to our merchandise assortment. We are encouraged by the start to the spring season. That being said, we will remain conservative in our inventory levels and rely upon our strong vendor partnerships to replenish seasonal product based upon rate of sale.
Financially Strong
Although we were extremely disappointed with our performance in 2003, Kohl’s continues to be financially strong. Our sales per square foot are among the highest in the industry. Our operating margin of 10% in 2003 is also one of the highest in the industry. Our capital structure is well positioned to continue to support our expansion plans. Internally generated cash flows will continue to be the primary source of the funding required for our future growth.
As always, we remain committed to managing our business both ethically and responsibly and to representing the best interest of our shareholders through good corporate governance. After thorough review by its Governance and Nominating Committee, the Board of Directors believes the company is in full compliance with all applicable corporate governance rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange.
  
  Expanding Profitably
Since becoming a public company in 1992, Kohl’s has been focused on consistent expansion and earnings growth. Our goal has been to increase both top-line sales and bottom-line earnings 20% each year. The sales increase is a combination of comparable store sales increases and square footage expansion. We have been increasing square footage approximately 20% a year and at the same time, building the infrastructure required to support a national retailer.
Our 2003 expansion into the Southwest moved us from a regional to a national retailer. We increased our store base from 457 to 542 stores in 2003, adding 85 new stores including our entry into the greater Los Angeles area with 28 stores. We further strengthened our presence in the Southwest with our entries into Phoenix, Tucson, Flagstaff and Las Vegas. At the same time, we opened additional stores in the regions we had previously served.
In 2004, we will open approximately 95 new stores, increasing square footage by approximately 18.5%. In 2005, we plan to open another 95 new stores, increasing square footage another 15%. We will expand our presence in the Southwest, leveraging the infrastructure built to service this new region in 2003. We will also continue to expand our presence in our established markets. At this reduced rate
of square footage growth, we remain committed to increasing earnings by 20% per year.
We have the infrastructure in place to support this growth. Our distribution centers are strategically located to serve our existing stores and accommodate future expansion. Our systems for merchandise planning and allocation enable us to get the right merchandise to the right stores at the right time. We are experts at leveraging technology to reduce operating costs, while at the same time increasing store productivity and customer satisfaction.
As always, the secret to our success is our Associates.
We are committed to having the best talent in retail.
We welcomed over 10,000 new Associates to Kohl’s in 2003. Together, our new Associates and our loyal Associates who have been with us for many years are an outstanding team that has what it takes to provide exceptional service for
our customers and continually improve our business.
Focused on Brands, Value and Convenience
While many department store chains try to imitate us, there is only one Kohl’s. The foundation for our success is our well-established concept of brands, value and convenience.
We remain focused on our core customer – a busy mom shopping for her home and family. We offer the national brands she wants and, in 2004, will further enhance the shopping experience with a new color and skin care line being developed through a strategic alliance with The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. This is a very exciting opportunity to add a new category to our stores and to meet a need identified by our customers who don’t want to make a special trip to purchase beauty products at another store.
We continued to expand our national brand selection
in early 2004 with new brands including Laura Ashley
and Gloria Vanderbilt for the home and Daisy Fuentes for misses. Also in 2004, we will introduce the everGirl brand by Nickelodeon for young girls. In addition, we repositioned our private brands, Sonoma and Croft & Barrow, and will be introducing new private brands in 2004.
Convenience continues to be a top reason why our customers love Kohl’s. From our strong in-stock position and broad merchandise selection to our ample parking, wide aisles, stroller carts, fast check-out and hassle-free returns, the Kohl’s shopping experience is designed around customer needs and preferences. Add to that a strong credit card loyalty program, great values throughout the store, e-commerce for customers who prefer to shop from home and exceptional Associates, and it’s easy to see why there’s no other national department store chain with the unique appeal of Kohl’s.
Opportunities Ahead
We look ahead to 2004 as an exciting new year with a wealth of opportunities to grow our business and improve our financial performance. We’re making improvements where they are needed, but above all, we’re going to continue to focus on the key elements that have driven our success: our proven concept of brands, value and convenience. We’ll utilize our strong financial position to continue
our steady expansion into both new and existing markets.
More than ever, we remain committed to our Associates, to our customers, to our shareholders, to our communities – and to our future.
   Larry Montgomery Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Kevin Mansell President
Arlene Meier
Chief Operating Officer
3
