• Lithia initiated a dividend program by announcing a quarterly dividend of $0.07 per share in July of this year. Lithia was the first company in the auto-retail sector to offer a dividend to its shareholders; and
• Toyota Financial Services became a partner with Daimler Chrysler Services North America in our $200 million credit facility for acquisitions and working capital.
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW
Total revenues for 2003 reached $2.5 billion, growing 11% compared with $2.27 billion in 2002. Net profit from continuing operations was $35.6 million growing 10% from $32.4 million in 2002. Lithia earned $1.92 per share in 2003 as compared to $1.84 per share in 2002, a 4% increase on 5% more diluted shares outstanding. We have a very strong balance sheet with only a 33% long-term debt to total capitalization ratio. This year we decided to include “discontinued operations” in our income statement and balance sheet information. For the full-year, there was zero net effect as the losses from the stores were offset by the gains from the sale of the stores. Our IPO took place in December 1996. Since that time, we have increased our revenues more than seventeen fold. Our book value per basic share has grown at a compounded annual rate of 25% from $4.22 to $19.63 as of December 31, 2003. Over the same period, the compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) in sales was 51% per year; net income 45% per year; and EPS 21% per year. Over the same period, same-store retail sales have grown at an average annual rate of 4.1%. These achievements are among the best of any public automotive retailer, and demonstrate our position as a premier operator in our sector.
OPERATIONS
In 2003, we continued with a volume-based strategy in new vehicle sales that we had initiated in the prior year. Through an advertising campaign called “Driving America” that is centered on “Promo Pricing”, we were able to gain market share in many of the markets where we operate by emphasizing new vehicle sales. This strategy complemented the approach taken by the auto manufacturers who had continued to offer a high level of customer incentives. In the first quarter of 2003, which was the most difficult of the year, same-store new vehicle sales were up 7.7% year-over-year while industry new vehicle sales in the period were down more than 4%. In the second quarter, new vehicle same-store sales for Lithia were up 13.3% and industry new vehicle sales were down 0.6%. In the third quarter, Lithia’s new vehicle same-store sales for the quarter increased 1.5% as compared to industry sales that were down over 1% for the same period. Finally, for the fourth quarter new vehicle same-store sales for Lithia were up 2.3% as compared to industry sales that were up approximately 1%. As mentioned earlier, for the full year 2003, we were able to produce positive new vehicle same-store sales growth of 6.2% as compared to an industry that was down approximately 1.0% for the year.
In 2004, we expect that manufacturers will continue to incentivize new vehicle sales through a combination of rebates and low interest rate loans to consumers. Lithia will continue with a volume based new vehicle strategy in most of the markets where we operate. As the economy and the incentive environment change, we will adjust our new vehicle sales strategy accordingly to take advantage of any new conditions.
Industry-wide used vehicle sales continued to experience substantial weakness throughout all of 2003. The competition from highly incentivized new vehicles with low interest rate financing and high rebates had a strong negative impact on the used vehicle market. The industry also experienced a large number of lease- returns that negatively impacted used vehicle pricing throughout the year. As a result, Lithia experience a decline in used vehicle same store sales of 9.3%. This is not the whole story, however. We saw the weak used vehicle market coming in 2003 and we were able to react accordingly by focusing on improving margins. We were successful with this strategy and were able to produce year-over-year retail used vehicle

margin improvements of 130 basis points from 12.5% in 2002 to 13.8% in 2003. Most importantly, the improvement in used vehicle margins throughout the year more than offset the declines in same-store used vehicle sales.
In the first half of 2004 we expect the weak used vehicle sales market to show signs of stabilization or even improvement. Year-over-year sales comparisons should be easier and pricing has had time to adjust to the highly incentivized new vehicle market. In the second half of the year, these trends should continue, and we expect to see the market improve as fewer off-lease vehicles hit the market.
ACQUISITIONS
We anticipate continued long-term revenue growth from acquisitions to increase annualized revenues by 10 - 15%. We target stores where we can improve operating performance that will be accretive to earnings per share in the first year. Each new store is fully integrated upon acquisition as a Lithia store. We focus on improving the operating performance of each store by utilizing standardized processes that deliver measurable results. This is as close as we can get to green fielding new stores in what is considered a mature franchise system.
We continue to focus our growth in 70 markets west of the Mississippi, typically in locations with franchises that are considered exclusive. We have a goal to exceed the market share and customer satisfaction targets provided to us from the manufacturer, within the initial 12 months. This is accomplished by instituting Lithia’s uniform processes guided by industry recognized in-store leadership. Building this way generally costs less than buying platform groups, but takes strong support and training.
Lithia has operational teams that are now capable of integrating up to 2 stores a month or 24 per year. These teams are comprised of some of the best people in the industry. We have a strong financial position with ample free cash flow, a 33% long-term debt to total capitalization ratio, and an acquisition credit facility of up to $200 million. We are in great shape to continue with our growth plans in the future.
LITHIA’S VISION STATEMENT
This is a quote from our recent company newsletter and I wanted to share it with you; “There remains a lot to do because we all know how easy it is to let our guard down and slip back to mediocre performance. I have been working on writing a vision statement for the company in order to encourage us all to keep improving. A vision statement describes how we see ourselves - a goal we should all be striving for. It is something to reflect on with each customer contact and with the contact we have with each other. We can perfect our vision together. Your input would be appreciated - Ready, Fire, Aim.”
VISION STATEMENT
WE are the most admired and the most profitable retailer of cars and trucks and related services in North America. WE are constantly growing through increases in same-store sales and through the successful acquisition of stores. ALL of our acquisitions become more efficient through the installation of the Lithia operating model. WE speak and execute a common language in all our stores. OUR customers love us because of the extra effort we make in all that we do to serve their transportation needs. WE have a dynamic and dedicated management staff in both our stores and in Support Services that is committed to the standards and mission of Lithia. OUR employees are in complete support of our Company goals and objectives. WE have highly satisfied employees because of our positive work environment. WE have a well thought out plan
for our future that is agreed upon and followed. OUR ethics and our processes are the best in auto retailing.
 
CONCLUSION
In 2004, we will continue to take an aggressive approach towards new vehicle sales. We look for a progressively improving used vehicle market throughout the year. The acquisition environment remains strong and we will continue to acquire targeted stores in select markets. An improving economy should benefit all aspects of our business model; however, we are in a good position to operate successfully in most any business environment. We will continue to focus on hiring and training the best team members, and constantly work to refine our operations and systems in order to lower costs, maximize profitability, and better serve our customers. As always, we remain committed to doing what is best for our customers, team members and shareholders.
Sidney B. DeBoer M. L. Dick Heimann
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
   Sincerely,
