 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Thank you, our valued shareholders, for your continued support.
In 2006 we have continued to better position our company in this highly competitive environment. We have initiatives to reposition the way we operate based on the two key drivers for our business: our customers and our employees. This is not just about any specific initiative or process change, but represents a cultural shift throughout our company, without losing that which has made us successful to date: our foresight; a drive for continuous improvement; a cohesive and experienced executive team; dedicated employees and the development and institution of a common language.
Over the last few years, we have developed the underlying infrastructure and trained our employees for a new customer-focused model. Our entire team is committed to improving our market position with exceptional customer service at each of our stores. Now that the key components and initiatives are well established, we are poised to bring them all together into a stronger, more competitive, and more easily replicated model.
Lithia Support Services is our core team that develops and delivers the leadership and support to our stores. It also executes all the processes that can be more effectively performed offsite. By removing non-value added functions from our stores, front line employees can focus on what is important: developing relationships with our customers, supporting the manufacturers we represent, and enhancing the effectiveness of their teams.
We are also developing a new independent used car business, called L2 Auto, which promises to provide a new customer experience. The expertise and knowledge of Support Services will also be utilized to help manage this new business. We are excited about the incremental contribution to Lithia from the L2 Auto outlets.
To support our growth, we are developing our leaders by continuing to implement and ingrain sound human development practices into our culture. We know that long term, we can only reach our potential through our people so we continue to embrace strategies which best support and empower our employees.
At the store level we are focused on creating more customer-centric processes for new and used vehicle sales and the parts and service businesses. What will emerge is a new customer-driven model that specifically addresses our customer’s needs by creating transparency in the car buying process, thus reducing negotiation and speeding up the sale. By utilizing the internet and online technologies, we can provide more information and make everything about buying or servicing a car much quicker and easier than with our current processes. This technology-driven customer-centric model is the fundamental objective of L2 Auto. The development and integration of the key customer-driven processes within the L2 Auto model will also help us accelerate the cultural changes within our new vehicle stores. Once achieved, we will be better able to leverage and grow the value
April 2, 2007

of the Lithia brand with one message based on the customers experience and word of mouth advertising. This will in turn make for a more cost effective, profitable, and successful model.
Now is the time to do the hard work of changing the way that vehicles are sold and serviced at Lithia. We will need the patience of all the stake holders—especially you, our stockholders—to meet these goals. Our mission is to be the preferred provider of cars and trucks and related services in North America. We can only achieve that goal by simplifying and creating a more customer-centric sales process and by growing strong dedicated employees.
Thank you again for being such an important part of our past success and we are counting on you to support us as we move forward.
Sincerely,
Sidney B. DeBoer
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 