March 8, 2006 March 8, 2006
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

We want to thank our valued shareholders for your continued support of our company. Lithia was founded by to a thank strong family ofshareholders business people who have support now grown include Lithia not only original We want our valued for your continued of ourto company. was the founded family, also a large family of over who 5,000 employees and hundreds of dedicated shareholders. by abut strong family of business people have now grown to include not only the original family, but also We take pride in our successes and are pleased toof report another successful year ­ great the ninth a great large family of over 5,000 employees and hundreds dedicated shareholders. We take pride for in us as a public company. We had a to solid year in 2005 with 10% sales and 24% operating income our successes and are pleased report another successful year ­ thegrowth ninth for us as a public company. growth. Additionally, we grew with both total same-store sales and total same-store gross profits. Margins We had a solid year in 2005 10% sales growth and 24% operating income growth. Additionally, we held steady intotal the same-store new vehicle business andsame-store increased gross in the profits. retail used vehicle service and parts grew both sales and total Margins heldand steady in the new businesses which lead a record total gross profit margin for the year. We were able lead to control vehicle business and to increased in level the retail used vehicle and service and parts businesses which to anda improve thetotal company 's cost structure result our Sales and General and record level gross profit margin for the and year. as Weawere able to control improve theAdministrative company's (SG&A) expenseand as a percentage gross profit and improved substantially year over year. From this of good cost structure as a result our of Sales General Administrative (SG&A) expense as a percentage margin performance and ability to year control costs, we were ablemargin to improve operating margins to 4.1%, gross profit improved substantially over year. From this good performance and ability to control the costs, highest operating margin level that the has achieved as a public company. weannual were able to improve operating margins to company 4.1%, the highest annual operating margin level thatOur performance in has 2005 is due as toaan ever increasing to integrate stores, and increasing improve the the company achieved public company. Ourability performance in 2005new is due to an ever performance of existing Our systems workforce have grown stronger, more innovative, ability to integrate new stores. stores, and improve theand performance of existing stores. Our systems and workforceand more efficient; Lithia's employees deserve a lot of credit Lithia's for their hard work this year. have grown stronger, more innovative, and more efficient; employees deserve a lot of credit for their
hard work this year.

Nationally, new vehicle sales continued with the month to month volatility that we have seen in the last few Nationally, years. Manufacturer incentives that can occur atto any time of the that year and take many different new vehicle sales continued with the month month volatility we have seen in the last forms continue to influenceincentives and dominate the vehicle sales environment. Many customers have come few years. Manufacturer that can occur at any time of the year and take many different forms to expect and rely on and these incentives whensales determining theirMany vehicle purchases. The to spring continue to influence dominate the vehicle environment. customers have come expectand summer months areincentives traditionally the strongest their selling seasons of the The year. In the months of and rely on these when determining vehicle purchases. spring andsummer summer months 2005, "employee pric ing" which was very months popularof with consumers. In the aremanufacturers traditionally the implemented strongest selling seasons of the year. In the summer 2005, manufacturers used vehicle market therepricing" was improvement throughout the year. In the first part of the year, there most of implemented "employee which was very popular with consumers. In the used vehicle market the was improvement was in the form better pricing. In of the second half of of the the improvement year improvements were improvement throughout the of year. In the first part the year, most was in the achieved a combination of higher volumes and better higher used vehicle form ofthrough better pricing. In the second half of sales the year improvements were pricing. achievedThe through a combination sales resulted from the large numbers of trade-ins that were in as a consequence of the of volumes higher sales volumes and better pricing. The higher used vehicle salestaken volumes resulted from the large employee pricing programs. Lithia now operates across of a the well diversified range of 37 markets in 12 numbers of trade-ins that were taken in as a consequence employee pricing programs. Lithia now states. Thisacross diversification allows us to weather most short-term or regional economic dislocations operates a well diversified range of 37 markets in 12 states. This diversification allows us tothat may occur in any market at given time. We believe that are in some the best growth markets weather most short-term orany regional economic dislocations thatwe may occur in any of market at any given time. in the country that the prospect for all of ourin markets is sound. We believe and that we are inlong-term some of the best growth markets the country and that the long-term prospect
for all of our markets is sound.

The basis for Lithia's auto-retail plan is to produce both sales and margin improvements at our stores. Therefore, regardless ofauto-retail market conditions, Lithia enhances the performance of its stores. For the fullThe basis for Lithia's plan is to produce both sales and margin improvements at our stores. year 2005, we were able increase our year-over-year total gross margin 40 basis points to 17.2% Therefore, regardless ofto market conditions, Lithia enhances the performance of by its stores. For the full-year and2005, our SG&A as able a percentage gross profit improved 220 margin basis points to 73.5%. As17.2% a result, we were to increaseof our year-over-year total gross by 40 basis points to andfullyear 2005 operating margins improved basis 220 points to 4.1%. TheseAs are record levels2005 for the our SG&A as a percentage of gross profit 50 improved basis points to 73.5%. a result, full-year company and yet weimproved feel there still more that can achieve in company the years to yet come. operating margins 50are basis points to efficiencies 4.1%. These are we record levels for the and we In addition, we are saw year-over-year operating margin improvement intoevery of the Samefeel there still more efficiencies that we can achieve in the years come.quarter In addition, weyear. saw yearstore sales were up 1.8% and total same-store gross profits improved 3.1% for the year.

over-year operating margin improvement in every quarter of the year. Same-store sales were up 1.8% and total same-store gross profits improved 3.1% for the year. Lithia's retail new vehicle same-store sales improved 0.8% in 2005, better than the 0.5% gain recorded for the industry, which includes fleet sales. Our total used vehicle same-store sales improved 3.8% for the year. Retail used vehicle margins also improved substantially, increasing 120 basis points as compared to 2004. For 2006, industry observers are predicting an essentially flat new vehicle sales environment. Traditionally the direction of the new and used vehicle market is difficult to predict accurately, especially on a month to month or quarterly basis. Historically, on an annual basis, the new vehicle market has been relatively stable for the last 7 years. We believe that the used vehicle market has experienced unit sales declines over the same period, resulting in an overall industry decline. That said, Lithia has a strong business model that has enabled the company to benefit and grow regardless of this declining environment. In 2005 we saw increases in same store sales, gross profits and margins. Lithia's pretax margin was 2.9% in 2005, while industry pretax margins were 1.6%, so the benefits of Lithia's operating model are readily apparent. We believe we are positioned well to capitalize on opportunities in the auto-retail business next year and in the years to come. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

During 2005, Lithia made some noteworthy accomplishments. We: · · Produced growth in net income from continuing operations of 17.5% to $51.8 million; Completed the acquisition of 8 automotive retail stores and 24 franchises with annual revenues of approximately $356 million. We now operate 93 stores with 25 brands of new vehicles in 12 western states; Lithia ranked number 600 on Fortunes annual list of Americas Largest Corporations in the April 2005 issue of Fortune Magazine.

·

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW Total revenues for 2005 reached almost $3.0 billion, growing 10% compared with $2.7 billion in 2004. We have a very strong balance sheet. Our long-term debt-to-total-capitalization ratio remains low at 23%, which excludes used vehicle flooring and real estate debt. Since our IPO in December 1996, we have increased our revenues more than twenty fold. Our book value per basic share has grown at a compounded annual rate of 21% from $4.22 in 1996 to $23.97 as of December 31, 2005. The compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) in sales was 40% per year; net income 39% per year; and EPS 20% per year. Total same-store sales have grown at an average annual rate of 2.9%. These achievements are a reflection of Lithia's strong operating model combined with a consistent approach to acquisitions. ACQUISITIONS Lithia remains dedicated to a long-term growth strategy. Our plan is to combine increases in same-store sales with growth from acquisitions. Since our IPO in late 1996 we have grown from 5 to 93 stores. Including dispositions, we have added on average 9 stores per year. In 2005, we added approximately $356 million in annualized revenues to our base of total revenues of $2.7 billion in 2004. This represents growth of over 13%. We anticipate continued long-term revenue growth from acquisitions. Our acquisition targets

are comprised of stores in medium sized regional markets where we can improve operating performance. Lithia has developed proprietary systems and standardized processes that are integrated into every new store that is acquired. These systems combined with training and support from our team of experts has been proven to deliver measurable results in our acquired stores. Currently all of Lithia's stores are concentrated in markets west of the Mississippi, typically in locations with franchises that are exclusive in their market, or that have a dominant market share position. There are approximately 22,000 auto-retail stores in the United States, many that fit Lithia's acquisition profile. There are markets throughout the United States that we consider targets for future acquisitions. Our competition for these stores mostly comes from other private operators in the industry. As a company that is dedicated to the improvement of store operations, with strong operating systems and management, ample capital resources and good manufacturer relationships, we believe our acquisition model is superior to that of our competitors. Our interests our aligned with those of our manufacturer partners as we seek to expand the market share and customer satisfaction targets for our stores. Lithia's operational teams are comprised of experts in all aspects of the auto-retail business. We are capable of integrating up to 2 stores a month or 24 per year. We have a strong financial position with ample free cash flow, a 23% long-term debt to total capitalization ratio, and an unused acquisition credit facility of $150 million. Currently, most of our growth is internally funded from free cash flow. We plan to continue to execute our growth plan in a consistent way in the future. CONCLUSION Lithia is dedicated to a process of continually improving our operations and finding performance enhancing capabilities for our employees. We have Human Resource initiatives that are designed to enhance opportunities for existing employees, as well as recruit top talent. There are career and growth opportunities for employees at all levels of the company. In addition, Lithia has retained its original management team and operating plan. This plan has enabled the company to grow in a predictable and consistent manner. Over the last nine years, the auto-retail industry has had its ups and downs, and yet Lithia has consistently produced reliable growth and margin improvements that are a testament to our strong operating systems and talented employees. We have a long way to go and there is still much that we can achieve. We are very confident that we have built a corporate culture and strategic plan that will continue to produce long-term success for our valued shareholders, customers, and employees in the years to come. Sincerely,

Sidney B. DeBoer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

