Chairman's Letter
Industry Reaches a `Turning Point'
2009 will go down in history as a major turning point for the global automotive industry and our Company. While the automotive industry has always been very dynamic and fiercely competitive, last year represented a period of extreme distress, major change and a glimmer of hope for a new beginning. The new auto industry has millions of units of less capacity and far fewer dealers, brands, employees and suppliers. Billions of dollars have been thrifted from structural costs. In addition to the operational restructuring, a number of major industry participants also completed financial restructuring ­ some under court supervision and others on their own. As a result, the industry is about to launch a whole new generation of more efficient and environmentally-friendly vehicles amid the prospect for recovering demand levels worldwide.

M ov i n g fo r w a r d w i t h ne w moment u m

As Lear emerges from the economic downturn, significant industry restructuring and its own operational and financial restructuring, we are optimistic about the future. We are an automotive industry leader in two critical product lines ­ Seating Systems and Electrical Power Management Systems. These products are essential to every car and truck, and we are continuing to offer innovations that provide our customers with more comfort, more value-added features and best-in-class overall value. In addition, we are pioneering many new lighterweight and more environmentally-friendly products. In Seating Systems, we have complete capabilities ­ from structures to foam to fabric and leather. We are a low-cost producer, and we are recognized as a leader in quality. In Electrical Power Management Systems, we have global capabilities in traditional electrical distribution systems, as well as in emerging highpower and hybrid electrical systems and components.

Lear Emerges With Improved Competitiveness
In Lear's case, the Company voluntarily filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 7, 2009 to complete a major financial restructuring. On November 9th, Lear emerged from bankruptcy with significantly lower debt and improved credit metrics. This, combined with the significant operational restructuring the Company has completed since mid-2005, has positioned Lear for a strong recovery and long-term success. The new Lear is leaner, more efficient and better capitalized than ever. Since 2005, the Company has closed 35 manufacturing and 10 administrative facilities, reduced headcount by 35,000 and significantly improved its cost footprint globally. Today, more than half of Lear's total facilities and 75% of its worldwide headcount are located in 20 low-cost countries. Notwithstanding the severe global downturn in economic activity, sharply lower automotive demand and numerous program cancellations and deferrals, the Company has continued to win new business, and the sales backlog for 2010 through 2012 is 25% higher than the prior status. This is a testament to the trust and confidence our customers have in Lear and the dedicated efforts by the Lear team to communicate openly with all stakeholders during the difficult operating environment and the Company's financial challenges. Most importantly, the financial restructuring substantially reduced Lear's total debt obligations. The Company ended 2009 with a cash balance of approximately $1.6 billion and total debt of less than $1 billion.

New Momentum Going Forward
The major changes taking place in the industry and the Company's own transformation have not distracted the Lear team from keeping its focus on efficiently managing the business. In all respects, Lear is operating as lean as possible, but we are mindful that the present pace of industry sales and production does not reflect the longer-term run rate. In this regard, we are continuing to make progress on longer-term priorities to position the Company for success as economic conditions improve and industry volumes recover. I sincerely believe that Lear's best days lie ahead. I could not be more proud of what we have achieved in the face of extremely challenging business conditions. I would like to sincerely thank the Board of Directors, the senior management team and our employees for their support and dedication in the face of unprecedented challenges. We are moving ahead with a renewed commitment to excellence in everything we do, and with new momentum.

Sincerely,

Robert E. Rossiter Chairman, CEO and President

2009 Lear Annual Report / 1

