 	 

Staying focused on the fundamentals of our busi­ ness in 2007, the Lear team continued to deliver outstanding quality and service to our customers, while at the same time improving our financial results and further strengthening our long-term
 	 competitiveness. As a result, we're prepared to meet the challenges going forward.

sharpening our focus
Lear has always been highly customer focused. In recent years, we have increased our product line focus, divesting our non-core Interior business and refocusing our efforts on further strengthening and growing our core Seating and Electrical and Elec ­ tronics businesses. The cover photo illustrates the type of opportunities we see to leverage our exper­ tise in both of these product segments into innova­ tive products that surprise and delight consumers.

a global approach
We've also turned our focus to the recent forma­ tion of a globa l operat in g structure - an approach we believebest aligns our company with the global strategies of our major customers. This new struc­ ture will allow Lear to take full advantage of our
global scale, leverage our worldwide engineering and product development resources and achieve the most competitive manufacturing and sourcing footprint available.

sustaining superior results
The key elements of our operating focus continue
to be superior quality and outstanding customer service. We also are focused on cont inuously improving all the major processes that drive our results. Going forward, the Lear  team will stay
focused on how we can evolve our strategy, busi­ ness practices and organization to deliver the best possible value to our customers and shareholders.
 

 

 	 	 



 
From the  company's beg inning more than 90 ye ars ago, automotive seat i ng has been a core business for Lear. Last year, our sales in this segment were over $12 b illion, rep­ resenting about 80% of our tota l sales.
Our focus has evolved from making seat comp o-
 
lowest possible cost and best overall value .
As a g lobal provider, we are experienced in execut­ ing seat programs in any part of the world, which is critical as our customers increase the ir global reach and their need for  an exp erienced partner.
Recognized global ly as a
 
vertical integr ati on where we can offer our cust om ­ ers enhanced value, better contro l the cost and qual­ ity of our key components and build on our core competencies. Of course, we will continue to bal ­ ance these initiatives with the need to maintain a fle xible cost stru cture.
 
Another trend is increased personal ization inside the vehic le. Taking our cues from art and fashion, we successfully introduced our highly crafted Aventino Col­ lection™ of premium auto­ motive leather in 2007.
And  we see an op p or­
tunity for increased con­ tent growth, with features
 
nents  to  building seats	quality  lead er, we have	such as recliners and flex­
 
according to the  au t o ­ m akers ' sp ecificat ions to d esigning, engineering and manufacturing complete automot ive seat systems for all passenger cars and light trucks, as we do today.

competitive strengths As a leader in aut om ot ive seating systems - we're No. 2 globally- we offer se ve ra l advantages to our customers.
We have global scale and product expertise across all vehicle seg­ ments. We also are high ly customer focused and work close ly with auto­ makers to achieve the
 
built a reputation for excel- 1ent q u al it y and flawless launches. W e've also been recognized by our custom­ ers and other industry benchmarks as being a leader in cost, innovatio n and cust omer service.
Lear also is a leader in supply chain manage­ ment and Just - in -T im e assembly. We've est ab ­ lished a low -cost country footprint for key seat components, and have invested in a common architecture strategy to provide the most cost­ efficient seat structures .
W e' ve  also invested
selectively  in strategic
 
pos it io ned for success Current ly, automakers are focusing on new products and technologies that take the environment into account .
In 2007, we l aun ched
So yFo am '" on the Fo rd Mustang - and were the first sup p l ier in p ro d uc ­ tion wit h a soybean oil­ based seat foam material. We also were awarded an advance contract wit h General Motors on our Dynam ic Enviro nm ent al Comfort Seating system, which utilizes a  number of non-t rad i t io na l and more envi ro nm ent al ly friendly mat erials .
 
ib Ie seat mechanisms, that give automakers opportunities to increase functionality and custom­ ize their vehi cles.
Safety, too, is a high prior ­ ity for consumers and auto­ makers, and Lear is a leader in whiplash protection with our ProTec '" PLuS Active Head Restraint Syst em.
With our emphasis on technology, innovation, seat quality, comfort and cost - critical elements of customer satisfaction - and our new, global organization structure in place, Learis well positioned to remain a leaderin automot ive seating systems well into the future.
 
 	 









 





Our second core business    architectures that inte-      We plan to leverage our is Electrical and Electronics. grate junction box tech- competence in electrical This segment had net sales nology and selected distribution and products
of $3.1 billion in 2007, with     elect ronic components,     such  as smart junction	HYBRID
about 70% of sales in elec-      providing maximum func-      boxes  to increase  our	OPPORTUNITY
trical distribution and 30% tionality at the lowest scale globally.
in electronics.	possible cost.	We also plan to expand
Power  distribution is a		our cap ab ilities in termi- critical system in every vehi-  electronics	nals and connectors, de,and consumer demand   Lear's  portfolio  of elec-    expand our wirelessprod- for electronic  content  is tronic products  includes  ucts  in  Europe  and  Asia rapidly increasing.	smart  junction boxes and       and   participate  in  the
wireless products, includ-	rapid  growth  of  hybrid
power distribution	ing   passive and remote	electric systems.
Lear's   expertise   and	entry  systems  and  tire		In addition,  we' ll con-	A potential area of strong market position in	pressure monitoring sys-	tinue to invest in footprint	opportunity for Lear
that will drive increased
 
this  area  -   ranking No.3	terns, as well as select body	actions, pa rticu larly in Asia,
 
content and addi-
 
in   North America,  No.4	electronics and audio and	where we've est ab lished	tional opportunities in    Europe, among  the	video components.	manufacturing and engi-	to add value lies with leaders  in  China and  a		We are a leader in junc-	neering  locations.  Two	emerging powertrain
growing   presence   in	tion box technology, which	such locations are the new	technologies,  such as
high-voltage systems.
India  -    is  a major com-	allows us to design com-	China  Technical  Center	Globally, the market
petitive strength.	plete electrical distribu-	and the Philippines Tech-	potential for hybrid
In electrical distribution,	tion systems  at lower cost	nical Center.	electrical components is
our    objective  is to  rank	and  weight by integrating	We see a solid opportu-	sizable - estimated at
among the top-tier wire har-	elect ro nic  components.	nity   to increase  share-	$760 million in 2008 and
in excess of $4 billion
ness suppliers worldwide.	The net  result is greater	holder value as we grow	by 2013.
We   also  plan to  further	electronic functiona lity at	our  sales in the Electrical		Lear is well positioned diversify our customer mix	a lower cost.	and Electronics segment,	to take  full advantage and  achieve the  lowest-		further improve our glob al	of this growth with a
cost footprint.	a solid opportunity	footprint and improve our	portfolio of hybrid elec-
tric components and a
We offer our customers	We  are optimistic about	overall cost st ructure.	strong competency in comp lete electrical system	the  out look  for our elec-		electrical distribution.
trical and electronic busi- ness and have aggressive plans for further growth.
 
'BIJ iJr
INNOVAZIONE
iil




INOVA<;AO
::

1µfffr :










11.HHQB
INNOW ril INNOW lil








'   ..	\ .
I / t '•
   /	:	.t;J
-/	V
I






8 / 2007 Lear Annual Report
 





Product   innovation   is	Lear innovation	of quality within his or another  hallmark of our	Sa fety is a p riority fo r driv-	hervehicle.
success, and we are creat-	ers,   who  are  spending	As a leading seat pro-
 
ing award-winning prod­ ucts and techn olog ies under the umbrella of our
 
greater  amounts of time		vider, Lear has expertise in their vehicles.		in every element of the With extensive exper-	seat - from market trend
 
CONSUMER FOCUSED
 
Core Dimension'" strategy.	tise in seat ing , electrica l	analysis and color and
distribution and electron-	grain deve lop ment , to
 
seven core dimensions Lear conducts extensive consumer research to gain new insights into what matters most to drivers. As a re su l t , we have focused our prod­ uct development in seven areas:
•	Safety
•	Comfort & Convenience
•	Environmental
•	Craftsmanship
•	Commonization
•	Infotainment
•	Flexibility
Our focus in these dimensions helps us bet­ ter serve our automotive customers and respond to consumer demand.
 
ics, Lear is well positioned to provide automakers with safety content - such as our anti-whiplash P ro Te c™ Active Head Restraints and lntelliTire ® Tire Pressure Monit or­ ing System.
In the Env iro nm ent al area, Lear works closely with automakers to lessen the environmenta l impact of its products and reduce product weight.
SoyFoam, 'M a soybean oil-based seat foam mate­ riaI, is up to 24% renew­ able compared with tradi­ tiona I nonrenewable, petroleum-based foam.
Expert Craftsmanship can positively influence a driver's perceptions
 
production of seat struc­ tures and components right up to the seat trim, to pro­ duction of the completed seating systems delivered to the automaker.

industry recognition In 2007, Learreceived major customer and industry awards from around the world, in categories such as Quality, Delivery, Innova­ tion, Product Design, Sup ­ plier Diversity, Safety Man­ agement and Environmen­ tal Innovation.
We are focused on con­ tinuing to improve our quality and performance metrics going forward.
 













Above: Lear's customiz­ able Ambient Lighting Systems offer specialized lighting effects, including automatic dimming.
Bottom left: SoyFoam™ can be used in auto­ motive head restraint, armrest, and seating system cushion foam. Bottom right: Lear's multi­ media Rear Seat Enter­ tainment Systems can
be seamlessly integrated with the vehicle's interior.
 

 	 
 



 	 	 


 
Since 2005, the Lear team has worked hard to reposition our operations and implement the necessary strategic actions to improve our longer-term competitiveness - divesting the non-core Interior business, imp lement ing a comprehensive restructuring initiative, continuing to diversify our sales and focusing on further strengthen­ ing and growing our Seating and Electrical and Elec ­ tronics businesses.

global leadership
To maintain our positive momentum and best alig n our com­ pany with the globalization strategies of our major customers, we've established a new globa l organ ization structure for our two business units- Global Seating Systems and Global Elec­ trical and Electronics Systems - appo inting Lou Salvatore to lead our Seating business and Ray Scott to lead our Electrical and Electronics business.
In Seating, we have a very strong competitive position globally and our business is performing well. Our vision for the Seating business is to st rengt hen our leadership position globally and achieve a well-diversified sales mix. We also are seeking to select ive ly increase our vertical integration and we intend to remain a leader in technol­ ogy and innovation in all key areas of seat development and manufacturing.
In the Electrical and Electronics business, our objective is to achieve critical globa l scale and rank among the top-tier elec­ trical distribution supp liers worldwide. We also seek to further diversify our customer mix and achieve th e lowest-cost foot­ print. And we plan to take advantage of our system integration expertise to provide complete electrical and electronic archi­ tectures that offer improved functionality at the lowest cost. Lastly, we will focus on leveraging our industry-leading technol­ ogy in key components such as smart junction boxes and wire­ less products to substantially increase our global share.
 






positive outlook
Last year, we delivered solid operating and financial results, representing a second consecutive year of improvement. Con­ sistent with our sales diversification strategy, we were ab le to increase our total Asian-related sales by 31% to $2.9 bil lion, including consolidated and non-consolidated operations. And, for the first time, 55% of our total sales were generated outside of North America.
Our recent strong financial performance has given us the flexibility to pursue strategic opportunities and at the same time preserve a strong balance sheet.
While the industry outlook in North America will be challeng­ ing this year, we are continuing to work to improve our overall cost structure and strengthen our international operations. As a result, our financial outlook for 2008 is solid, ourf inancial position is strong and we are well positioned to capitalize on new oppor­ tunities when industry conditionsturn more positive and market sentiment improves.

relentless Lear spirit
I have always been proud of what the Lear team worldwide has been able to accomp lish in the face of relentless change, relentless competition and the relentless challenges from our customers to improve on every aspect of our business. By fol­ lowing the core values that are fundamental to Lear, we'll continue to meet these challenges  head on, doing whatever it takes to completely satisfy our customers and reward our shareho lders. That's the relentless Lear spirit in action - and you can count on it.

 
Robert E. Rossiter
Chairman, CEO and President
 

10 / 2007 Lear Annual Report
