CHAIRMAN'S LETTER
Lear Corporation remains committed to following our Core Values of Customer Focus, Operational Excellence, Teamwork, Integrity, Diversity and Community Service to deliver our Vision of becoming a Company of first choice by our Customers, Employees, Investors and the Communities where we do business. As a leading global supplier of two critical automotive systems ­ Seating and Electrical Distribution ­ we serve all of the world's major automakers and have been widely recognized for our excellence in operating performance and customer service. A key element of our ongoing success is to consistently provide the best possible value to our customers. To do this, we are driven to continuously improve our business fundamentals ­ quality, cost, service and innovation. In addition to our focus on Core Values, Lear's Board of Directors is committed to maximizing shareholder value. The Board believes this goal is best achieved by balancing continued investments in our business, maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. Accordingly, we plan to continue to invest in our core Seating and Electrical Distribution businesses to expand our low-cost component capabilities, improve value and quality for our customers and support margin improvement for Lear. In addition, we are continuing to evaluate acquisitions to further strengthen our competitiveness and to provide additional growth opportunities. The Company is continuing to return cash to shareholders through our cash dividend and share repurchase programs. Since we initiated these programs in the first quarter of 2011, we have returned $608 million to shareholders and reduced our shares outstanding by about 10%. In January of this year, we increased our share repurchase authorization by $800 million, bringing the total available authorization to $1 billion. Our remaining authorization will allow the Company to further reduce its shares outstanding by about 20%. In addition to achieving our operational and financial goals, the Board strives to be responsive to our shareholders and remains committed to maintaining strong corporate governance practices. Today, our Board is comprised of very capable individuals with the experience and skills necessary to work with management to achieve the Company's Vision while maintaining our Core Values. I believe the Company is extremely well positioned for future success. We have the best team in the industry, product expertise in two critical automotive systems, global reach, a highly competitive footprint and the financial flexibility to continue to profitably grow and diversify our business.

Sincerely,

Henry D. G. Wallace Non-Executive Chairman March 11, 2013

A G L O BA L L EA D E R

LEAR ANNUAL REPORT 2012

1

CEO'S LETTER
The global automotive industry is a growth industry. Last year, the industry produced 80 million vehicles, a 7% increase compared with 2011 and the third consecutive year of record volume. Major industry forecasters project the global automotive industry will grow annually in the mid-single digit percent range, reaching approximately 100 million vehicles in about 5 years. Last year, all major regions of the world recorded gains in vehicle production except Europe where production was down 6%. Despite the decline in vehicle production in Europe and a weaker Euro, the Lear team delivered the third consecutive year of higher sales and adjusted earnings per share. Since 2009, Lear's sales have been growing faster than industry production and our sales backlog for the 2013 to 2015 period is $1.8 billion. We continue to have one of the strongest balance sheets among automotive suppliers, with investment grade credit metrics, cash at year-end 2012 of $1.4 billion, no debt maturities until 2018 and modest legacy liabilities for a Company our size. The global automotive industry is extremely competitive and automotive consumers are looking for ever-increasing functionality at affordable prices. As a result, we continue to be very proactive in terms of value engineering proposals and cost technology optimization workshops to assist our customers in meeting their cost targets. Our strong commitment to supporting our customers is evident in the recognition that we receive from them. In 2012, we were very gratified to have been selected as "Corporation of the Year" by General Motors from among their more than 20,000 global suppliers. Lear is a leading Tier 1 supplier of two critical systems to the global automotive industry ­ Seating and Electrical Distribution. We serve every major automaker in the world and Lear content can be found on more than 300 vehicle nameplates worldwide.

Seating

Lear is one of two independent global manufacturers that provide complete seating systems including related components ­ seat structures, seat foam and seat covers ­ to every major automotive producing region of the world. Last year, we continued to expand our component capabilities in the emerging markets, and we acquired Guilford Performance Textiles to enhance our capabilities in seat covers.

Lear is the world leader in providing luxury and performance seating for premium brands including: Alfa Romeo, Audi, BMW, Cadillac, Corvette, Ferrari, Jaguar Land Rover, Lamborghini, Lexus LFA, Lincoln, Maserati, Mercedes-Benz and Porsche. Lear's seating expertise covers all segments of the automotive industry from mini-cars in Europe to compact cars and multi-purpose vehicles in the emerging markets to full-size sport utility vehicles in North America. Lear's global Seating business had sales of $11.0 billion in 2012 and has a sales backlog of $1 billion for the 2013 to 2015 period.  Lear has a highly cost competitive footprint with approximately 80% of dedicated Seating component facilities and more than 90% of related headcount located in low-cost countries. Our product quality in Seating was again recognized as the best among major independent suppliers by J.D. Power and Associates in their annual Seat Quality and Satisfaction StudySM. We also received numerous other customer and industry awards recognizing our superior quality, service, innovation and value. With our global reach, highly competitive component capabilities and technical expertise across all vehicle segments, we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of automotive industry trends toward global platforms, growth in the emerging markets and direct component sourcing.

2

LEAR ANNUAL REPORT 2012

A G LO BAL LEADER

Electrical Distribution

In our Electrical Power Management Systems (EPMS) business, Lear is one of four global providers of complete electrical distribution systems for traditional electrical architectures, as well as emerging high-power and hybrid electrical distribution systems. Growth in electrical content within a vehicle continues to outpace overall production as consumer demand for features requiring power is increasing, stricter requirements for fuel economy and emissions are driving more sophisticated electronic controls and alternative powertrains are requiring high-power wiring, custom connectors and power management devices. Lear's EPMS sales have increased from $1.9 billion in 2009 to $3.5 billion last year.   Supported by an $800 million three-year sales backlog, we expect our EPMS sales to continue to grow faster than industry production. In recent years, we have invested in improving our manufacturing footprint in low-cost countries and increasing our component capabilities in the emerging markets. The resulting improvement in our EPMS cost structure combined with our sales growth has resulted in higher year-overyear margins for 13 consecutive quarters. Lear is a leader in designing and engineering efficient electrical distribution systems, effectively managing engineering changes during the life of a program and utilizing technology to reduce the cost and weight of electrical modules such as junction boxes.

Advancing Relentlessly . . .

The Lear team is relentless in serving our customers and maintaining excellence in all of our operations globally. A "can-do" spirit and a culture of "continuous improvement" drive the Lear team to deliver increasing value to our customers and our shareholders. Last year, capital spending increased to support new business initiatives globally and expansion of our component capabilities. Over the 2010 to 2012 period, the Company invested approximately $300 million to increase our low-cost component capacity. We believe that these investments will allow the Company to better serve our customers, facilitate future sales growth and support margin expansion. At the same time, we are returning cash to our shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase programs. Last year, we returned $277 million to shareholders through these programs, and our share price increased by 18%. In January, Lear's Board of Directors authorized an $800 million increase in our share repurchase program, bringing our total available authorization to $1 billion. In February, the Board increased our quarterly cash dividend from $0.14 per share to $0.17 per share, a 21% increase. Going forward, I am optimistic about the longer term prospects for our Company. I believe Lear is well-positioned to sustain our success. We have the strongest team in the industry, an unrelenting focus on customer satisfaction and the financial resources to continue to profitably grow and further diversify our business. I appreciate the support of the Board of Directors, our customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and the communities where we do business. Sincerely,

2

Lear was the first to market with smart junction boxes, and last year, we received a PACE award from Automotive News recognizing our industry-leading Solid State Smart Junction BoxTM technology.

Matthew Simoncini President and Chief Executive Officer

A G L O BA L L EA D E R

LEAR ANNUAL REPORT 2012

3

