s trengthening our Competitiveness
repositioned for future success
The primary focus in 2006 was repositioning our business for future success. We made substantial progress in developing a better business model for our Interiors business by forming a joint venture with WL Ross and Franklin for the European portion of the business, and entering into a definitive agreement for a similar joint venture in North America. We believe these joint ventures will facilitate the restructuring and consolidation required in this segment. At the same time, the execution of our Interiors strategy will allow us to focus on strengthening our core Seating, Electronics and Electrical Distribution businesses and increasing our global competitiveness. Lear also received a vote of confidence -- and additional operating flexibility -- with the $200 million investment in Lear stock by affiliates of, and funds managed by, Carl C. Icahn. Throughout a difficult 2006, we maintained the core values that have kept Lear advancing relentlessly for 90 years, improving quality and customer satisfaction levels and taking innovation to the next level with our new Core DimensionTM strategy. We also made steady progress in diversifying sales on a customer, regional and vehicle segment basis and completed the refinancing of our near-term debt maturities. We're now well positioned to advance competitively, and aggressively, in 2007 and beyond.

Lear's strategic evolution
A leading global supplier of automotive seating, electronics and electrical distribution systems, Lear has consistently evolved to meet the needs of its automotive customers -- first as an automotive seat supplier, then as a systems integrator with total interior capability and now as a strategic partner for Seating, Electronics and Electrical Distribution products. Headquartered in Southfield, Michigan, Lear has a diverse global workforce of more than 90,000 employees, at 242 locations in 33 countries, and products on more than 300 vehicle models worldwide.


"As we evolve to meet the needs of the world's automakers, our top priority is to retain the core values that have been the hallmark of our success: world-class quality, customer service and innovation."
Robert E. Rossiter, Chairman and CEO


relentless results
achieved record net sales of $17.8 billion reached agreements to divest our Interior business to IAC joint ventures refinanced near-term debt maturities introduced our Core DimensionTM product and technology strategy continued to win business in Asia and with Asian manufacturers globally completed our new Corporate Headquarters and Global Innovation & Technology Center in Southfield, Michigan

Clockwise from left: James H. Vandenberghe Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Daniel A. Ninivaggi Executive Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel Douglas G. DelGrosso President and Chief Operating Officer Robert E. Rossiter Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



le t ter to shareholders
Last year, we continued to face a very challenging environment in the global automotive industry. Amid tough market conditions, we focused on the elements that we could influence to position our company for future success: world-class quality and customer service, leveraging a leading position in our core products (Seating, Electronics and Electrical Distribution), repositioning our Interior business, aggressively pursuing growth in Asia and with Asian automakers globally and refinancing our upcoming debt maturities. Our goal was to position Lear to capitalize on new opportunities when business conditions improve.

evo l v i n g r e l e n t l e s s l y
Amid very challenging conditions in 2006, we were able to improve our overall results. We repositioned our product portfolio for improved competitiveness. Our global restructuring initiative addressed depressed industry conditions, changing market trends and significant customer restructuring. We reached agreements to contribute substantially all of our Interior business to International Automotive Components Group joint ventures in return for minority interests. We set aggressive targets on sales diversification -- in short, we're committed to growing our total Asian business faster than our competitors and diversifying our overall sales to more closely represent evolving market trends. We also completed the refinancing of $3.6 billion of debt, extended our debt maturities, strengthened our balance sheet and underscored our proven access to capital markets.

i n n ov a t i n g r e l e n t l e s s l y
Most important, the Lear team kept its focus on our core values -- quality, customer service and innovation . Despite the many challenges, we maintained superior quality levels worldwide, receiving numerous customer and industry awards, including "Supplier of the Year" from General Motors, "Superior Supplier Diversity and Excellence in Quality" from Toyota, "Best Performance in Product Development" in India from Mahindra & Mahindra, ASSEMBLY Magazine's "Assembly Plant of the Year" for our Hyundai seating plant in Montgomery, Alabama, highest-quality major seat manufacturer in industry quality studies for the sixth consecutive year, and "Technology Company of the Year" by Automation Alley, a leading business and technology development consortium. We also launched our Core DimensionTM product and technology strategy, focusing our innovation on the seven interior categories consumers say matter most: Safety Systems, Comfort & Convenience, Environmental Systems, Craftsmanship, Commonization, Infotainment Systems and Flexibility. Within this framework, we continued to develop new products and technologies, such as ProTecTM PLuS whiplash protection, solid state smart junction boxes and new radio-frequency products.

advancing relentlessly
In summary, I'm proud of our great teamwork and many accomplishments in 2006. Looking ahead, while we expect industry conditions to remain challenging, our strategy is to continue on a path of quality first, new product innovation, continued sales diversification and further improvements in our core business profit margins. The Lear team demonstrated its ability to evolve our strategy, stay focused on the fundamentals of our business and execute a business plan in the best interests of our investors, customers, supplier partners and employees. I want to thank the Lear team for continuing to Advance Relentlessly and everyone else for your support and confidence in Lear.

Robert E. Rossiter Chairman and CEO
5



