CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

Lear Corporation is a leading global supplier to the automotive industry, providing two critical vehicle systems ­ Seating and Electrical Distribution. The Company serves all of the world's major automakers, and Lear content can be found on more than 300 vehicle nameplates. Our Vision is to consistently be recognized as:  · A Supplier of choice;  · An Employer of choice;  · The Investment of choice; and  · A Company that supports the communities where we do business. Management is following a balanced Strategy to profitably grow the business, improve long-term competitiveness and deliver consistently improving results. Key elements of the strategy are investing in the business, increasing component capabilities and pursuing complementary acquisitions, while maintaining a strong and flexible financial position and returning cash to shareholders. The Company is guided by its Core Values ­ customer focus, operational excellence, teamwork, integrity, diversity and community service. Lear's Board of Directors is highly supportive of the Company's Vision, Strategy and Core Values. We also are committed to maintaining strong corporate governance practices and being responsive to our shareholders. Working together with the management team, we are focused on doing whatever it takes to exceed customer expectations, deliver superior shareholder value and sustain our success. 2014 was another excellent year for Lear as the Company achieved a 5th consecutive year of higher sales and adjusted earnings per share and strong cash flow. Lear's total shareholder return in 2014 was 22%, compared with the S&P 500 at 14%. Over the last five years, Lear has generated strong cash flow, which is allowing the Company to invest in strengthening and growing its business and also return significant cash to shareholders. Since 2010, we have increased our investment in new products, strengthened our global capabilities and expanded our component facilities in low-cost countries. In addition, we completed the acquisitions of Guilford Performance Textiles and Eagle Ottawa Premium Leather to further strengthen our seating capabilities, to improve our profitability and to accelerate our growth. Since we initiated our share repurchase and dividend programs in 2011, we have returned $2.1 billion to our shareholders, including the repurchase of 29% of our outstanding shares. In addition, we increased our quarterly cash dividend in February 2015 by 25% to $0.25 per share, our fourth consecutive annual increase. The Board is committed to following a consistent course of returning cash to shareholders. Since 2010, our total return to shareholders was 203%, about double the return for the S&P 500. Looking ahead, the Company is well positioned to continue to deliver outstanding products to our customers, superior returns to our shareholders and to sustain our success on behalf of our 132,000 employees and the communities where they live and work. Sincerely,

2014

Henry D. G. Wallace Non-Executive Chairman March 20, 2015

1

2014 Annual Report LEAR CORPORATION

CEO'S LETTER

2014

2014 was a very good year for Lear Corporation and all of our stakeholders, as the Company:         Continued to grow sales faster than overall industry production Achieved record core operating earnings and strong cash flow Expanded component capabilities in emerging markets and low-cost countries Acquired Eagle Ottawa to strengthen seat design capabilities, increase customer and geographic diversification, accelerate growth and improve competitiveness · Grew sales and improved margins in both business segments · Increased liquidity, extended debt maturities and improved financial flexibility · Delivered superior value to our customers and our shareholders · · · ·

Today, I believe Lear is in the strongest competitive position it has ever been in. Our balanced and focused strategy is delivering consistently improving results. Going forward, Lear is uniquely positioned within the global automotive industry in both of our product segments ­ Seating and Electrical Distribution ­ to take advantage of industry growth and major trends.

Industry Trends
The global automotive business is a growth industry. Last year, the industry produced 86 million vehicles, a 3% increase compared with 2013 and the fifth consecutive year of record volume. Major industry forecasters project the global automotive industry will continue to grow, reaching 100 million vehicles within the next 5 years. Automotive manufacturers increasingly are utilizing global platforms and direct component sourcing. With our low-cost global footprint and full component capabilities in both product segments, Lear is well positioned to benefit from these trends because we are able to provide complete component capabilities in every major automotive producing region of the world. In addition, vehicles are becoming more complex with added features as consumers are demanding additional content and connectivity. This trend is driving increasing electrical content and system complexity which is benefiting our Electrical business.

Seating
Lear is one of two independent global manufacturers that provide complete Seating systems including related components ­ structures, mechanisms, fabric, leather, foam cushions and seat covers ­ to every major automotive producing region of the world. While we serve all of the major vehicle manufacturers and provide seats for all product segments, Lear is the world leader in providing luxury and performance seating for premium brands including Alfa Romeo, Audi, BMW, Cadillac, Ferrari, Jaguar, Lamborghini, Land Rover, Lincoln, Maserati, Mercedes-Benz and Porsche. The seat is a key element in a consumer's purchase decision and overall vehicle satisfaction. The seat is also becoming increasingly important as automakers focus on improving safety, comfort and craftsmanship. Suppliers that can differentiate their products and meet these increasing consumer demands will be winners in the marketplace.
2014 Annual Report LEAR CORPORATION

2

Electrical
Lear is one of four global providers of complete Electrical Distribution systems for traditional electrical architectures as well as emerging high-power and hybrid electric systems. We design and manufacture complete electrical distribution systems, including radio frequency capabilities, that manage information and electrical signals throughout the vehicle. We are uniquely positioned to take advantage of the transformation in this segment of the industry as increasing demand for features, fuel efficiency and connectivity is driving more electrical content than ever before. Growth in electrical content within a vehicle continues to outpace overall production as consumer demand for features requiring power is increasing. Stricter requirements for fuel economy and emissions are driving more sophisticated electronic controls, and alternative powertrains require high-power wiring, custom connectors and power management devices. In addition, connectivity requirements are growing as vehicles increase communications with cellular networks, satellites and other vehicles in the grid.

Improving Competitiveness
Since the beginning of 2010, we have invested more than $450 million to add 24 new component facilities in low-cost countries. We now have 80% of our Seating and Electrical component manufacturing and more than 90% of our related workforce located in low-cost countries. The acquisitions of Guilford Performance Textiles and Eagle Ottawa Premium Leather have strengthened our global seat cover capabilities, improved our profitability and provide additional sales growth and diversification opportunities. We also are continuing to invest organically in both of our business segments. With approximately 2,200 patents issued and pending, we are committed to developing and promoting product innovations, implementing manufacturing process improvements and introducing new technology to ensure our product portfolio remains highly competitive in functionality, cost and sustainability.

The Road Ahead
We have the product expertise, global reach, competitive footprint and financial flexibility to profitably grow both of our business segments. We are also well positioned to take advantage of significant industry trends toward global platforms, direct component sourcing and increased electrical content. In summary, I believe this is a great time to invest in Lear. We have the strongest team in the industry, a focused strategy that is delivering results, strong market positions in both of our business segments, a footprint that is second to none, a well established and growing position in China, a strong financial position and a $2 billion sales backlog. Our 2015 outlook reflects continued sales and earnings growth in excess of industry production and strong cash generation. This will allow us to continue to invest in the business and return cash to shareholders. Going forward, I am optimistic about the longer term prospects for our Company, and I believe Lear is well positioned to sustain our success. I truly appreciate the support of our customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and all of the communities where we do business. Sincerely,

Matthew Simoncini President and Chief Executive Officer
3
2014 Annual Report LEAR CORPORATION

