Chairman's Letter

Lear's Vision is to be consistently recognized by all of our constituents ­ customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and the communities where we do business ­ as a leader and the Company of first choice. In 2010, we maintained our positive momentum and I believe we made substantial operating progress in support of our Vision. We again delivered superior quality results, received positive recognition from all of our major customers and continued to grow our sales backlog. In terms of innovation, Lear had three products named as finalists for the industry-leading PACE awards sponsored by Automotive News. I believe the Company's success is directly attributable to the hard work and dedication of the Lear team. In order to attract and retain our employees, we provide competitive pay and benefits, career development opportunities and a safe work environment. The significant operational and financial restructuring actions we have implemented over the past few years are allowing the Company to achieve strong financial results at lower industry volumes. As a result, we were able to extend our string of improving year-over-year core operating earnings to six consecutive quarters.

And, we delivered superior shareholder value, as Lear's stock price increased 46% in 2010. Importantly, we ended the year with $1.7 billion in cash and the strongest balance sheet in the Company's history. We are committed to sustaining our positive operating momentum, continuing to invest in our business and delivering superior value to our shareholders over time. Lear also continues to lead the way in terms of good corporate governance practices and community involvement. I am honored to have been named Chairman, and I look forward to leading the Board of Directors and working closely with the Lear management team to continue to deliver outstanding results for all of our stakeholders. Sincerely,

Henry D. G. Wallace Non-Executive Chairman

CORPORATE OVERVIEW
Lear was founded in Detroit in 1917 as American Metal Products, a manufacturer of seating assemblies and other components for the automotive and aircraft industries. Today, our Company provides complete automotive seating and electrical power management systems around the globe, including high-power and hybrid electrical components and systems. At Lear, our world-class products are designed, engineered and manufactured by a diverse team of 87,000 employees at 200 locations in 34 countries. Lear is headquartered in Southfield, Michigan and Lear stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol [LEA]. Our success is a result of our dedication to providing the best possible products and services to the world's automakers by working in partnership with them to deliver market-leading innovation, value and quality to automotive consumers.

PG. 3 / 2010 LEAR ANNUAL REPORT

CEO's Letter

Positive Momentum The Company ended 2010 the same way we began the year, with positive momentum. Aided by significant operational and financial restructuring over the past few years, and a recovering industry environment last year, the Lear team has made tremendous improvements in all major aspects of our business. Global industry production in 2010 was up 25% to 71.5 million vehicles ­ a new record following two consecutive years of decline. While global production is improving, automotive demand in the mature markets remains well below historical levels. In this environment, we are able to achieve improving operating results and positive cash flow because of the significant progress we have made in diversifying our sales and reducing our structural costs. Operational Excellence We have been implementing a global operational restructuring initiative to: · eliminate excess capacity and lower our ongoing operating costs; · streamline our organizational structure and reposition our business for improved longterm profitability; and · better align our manufacturing footprint with the changing needs of our customers. Through the end of 2010, we have invested more than $800 million in connection with these activities, which has resulted in the closure of 44 manufacturing and 11 administrative facilities and the location of more than 80% of our component facilities and more than 90% of our related employment in 20 low-cost countries. Going forward, we intend to hold the line on costs as we focus on further growing and diversifying our sales. With more than 2,000 patents issued and pending, we continue to develop and promote new products and technologies. We recently have been notified that, following an extensive evaluation process, including on-site visits by a panel of judges, three of our products have been selected as finalists for PACE awards (Premier Automotive Suppliers' Contribution to Excellence) sponsored by Automotive News:    1) the 2) Plug-in and Electric Vehicle Charging SystemsTM 3) Solid State Smart Junction BoxTM
TM

TM

Seat

We are committed to continuing to develop and invest in these and other research, development and engineering efforts in order to maintain our operational excellence. Seating Leadership Lear is a recognized global leader in complete automotive seating systems, as well as in individual seat components. Lear is one of two dominant global automotive seating providers. We have made excellent progress in diversifying our sales geographically, by customer and by vehicle platform type. In addition, we have been pursuing a selective vertical integration strategy to enhance growth, improve margins and further improve product quality. In this regard, we have expanded our cut and sew operations in low-cost markets, entered the fabric business with the acquisition of New TrendTM, developed leather finishing and marketing capabilities with the introduction of the AventinoTM brand, expanded our precision engineered seat mechanism capacity and increased our foam capability. Superior quality and customer service continue to be areas of competitive advantage for our Seating business. Lear presently ranks as the highest quality major seat manufacturer in the annual J.D. Power and Associates Seat Quality and Satisfaction StudySM, and has led in this independent quality survey for nine out of the last ten years. We plan to continue to expand our seat component capabilities in low-cost countries. Presently, our Seating business has a three-year sales backlog of $1.2 billion. During 2010, our Seating business substantially improved its margins and is now performing within the target range of 7% to 8%. Electrical Growth The Electrical Power Management Systems (EPMS) business segment represents a significant sales growth and margin improvement op-

Seat

PACE awards, now in their 17th year, are recognized as the industry benchmark for innovation.
PG. 4 / 2010 LEAR ANNUAL REPORT

portunity for Lear. In this business, we have refocused our product offerings to concentrate on core electrical power distribution and power management capabilities and to expand connector capabilities, while de-emphasizing certain `non-core' electronic products. Over the past several years, we also have substantially relocated the EPMS business' manufacturing operations to low-cost countries. We recently opened a Center of Excellence for emerging high-power and hybrid electrical components and systems in Southfield, Michigan. Last year, we launched key products for the all-new Chevrolet Volt, where we are the supplier of both the traditional and high-power electrical distribution systems and related electrical components, including the battery charging system. Our portfolio of traditional electrical distribution systems, as well as emerging high-power systems and related components is growing rapidly. As of the end of 2010, our EPMS threeyear sales backlog stands at $1.0 billion, which represents very significant organic growth on 2010 annual sales of $2.6 billion. As a result of structural cost reductions, further relocation of component facilities to low-cost countries and a growing sales backlog, the EPMS business is well positioned to benefit from improving business conditions. Over the next few years, we are targeting to achieve global sales in our EPMS business of more than $4 billion, allowing us to improve segment margins to the target range of 7% to 8%. Shareholder Value The Company's strategy, simply put, is to sustain our positive operating momentum and to maximize value to our shareholders over time. Last year, we extended our string of improving year-over-year core operating earnings to six consecutive quarters. In addition, we generated strong cash flow from our operations, allowing the Company to end the year with $1.7 billion in cash. With only $700 million in debt, we continue to have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. Additionally, we have no significant debt maturities until 2018 and last year the major credit rating agencies upgraded our credit ratings. We intend to continue to invest in our core businesses, especially in additional component capability in emerging markets where financial returns and growth opportunities are strong. In addition, the Company is committed to delivering superior shareholder returns. On February 16, 2011, Lear's Board of Directors authorized a $400 million share repurchase program, initiated a $0.25 per share quarterly cash dividend

and announced a two-for-one stock split. The cash dividend and the stock split are payable on March 16, 2011 and March 17, 2011, respectively, to shareholders of record on March 4, 2011. During 2010, Lear's stock price increased 46%. Sustained Success We expect to continue our positive momentum in 2011 as the industry recovery continues, we further expand our component capabilities in emerging markets and we launch our strong global sales backlog. As we look further ahead, the Company is well positioned to sustain our success. I truly appreciate the support of the Board of Directors, our customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and all the communities where we do business. Sincerely,

Robert E. Rossiter CEO and President

PG. 5 / 2010 LEAR ANNUAL REPORT

