Turbulent Times
 The year 2008 will be recorded in the history books as one of extreme economic challenges. The U.S. economy experienced the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression and extremely tight credit conditions led to a significant economic slowdown globally. This translated into the lowest per capita automotive sales levels in the United States in half a century and lower global auto production following six years of steady growth. As a result, financial results for companies throughout the industry declined, with General Motors and Chrysler requiring federal assistance to continue operations.

Future Opportunities
 At Lear, we believe the challenges of the global industry downturn will also present future opportunities. Industry restructuring and consolidation among the automakers and the supply base will create significant opportunities ­ for global suppliers such as Lear ­ who are able to emerge as the strongest competitors with the proven ability to supply world-class products that are critical to every car and truck ­ such as seating systems and electrical distribution systems ­ produced anywhere in the world.

vide innovative products and excellent service to our customers worldwide. At the same time, we implemented comprehensive actions to further reduce structural costs and improve operating results, and we maintained a focus on strategic priorities to ensure our longerterm success. As the industry continues to restructure and transform itself, our Company is focused on the possibilities that lie ahead. We have a world-class team, with an irrepressible spirit. Despite the recent hardships, the automobile industry is still the largest single employer of manufacturing jobs, and the core of this industry is innovation. Working in partnership with our customers and our supply base, we are concentrating on technology that supports the changing landscape. Environmental and safety issues have played a more important role over the last several years, and the need to improve fuel-efficiency will continue to dramatically influence new product development within the industry.

custom terminals & connectors ­ including the industry's first terminal with 250amp capability ­ external charging cables with Lear's Smart ConnectorTM technology, Lear's Solid-State Smart Junction BoxTM, battery chargers, wireless products and voltage modules.

Moving the Seat Forward
 Our seating business is evolving to provide new, more flexible and lightweight solutions, including the application of industry-leading alternative materials such as Soy FoamTM and best-in-class safety features such as our ProTec® active head restraint systems and our new LeanProfileTM seats, featuring the next generation of low-mass, high-function and environmentally-friendly features.

Long-term Prosperity
 While we are experiencing the worst slump I have seen in my 37+ years in the business, industry production levels will rebound, and when they do, Lear will be well positioned to return to profitability and be an even stronger global supplier. I am truly grateful for the support of all our stakeholders and ask you to keep the faith in Lear as we navigate through this downturn and position the Company for long-term prosperity. Sincerely,

Powering Ideas that Deliver
 Lear has world-class competence in power distribution systems and strong capabilities in electronic modules, wireless products, premium audio/visual systems and select safety systems. To capitalize on the growing demand for alternative powertrain systems, we recently opened a new High Power Global Center of Excellence for high-power electrical components and hybrid electric systems on our Southfield campus. Important new models such as the Chevrolet Volt and Fisker Karma, as well as the next generation of hybrid models for BMW, Land Rover and Renault, will feature Lear electrical and electronic components, such as high and low-voltage wire harnesses,

Irrepressible Spirit
 In this very difficult environment, our financial results turned down dramatically, the market value of our stock reached an all-time low and our employees were asked to make significant sacrifices in terms of wage and benefit reductions. Despite the very adverse business conditions, the Lear team again performed very well. We achieved our highest-ever quality ratings and we continued to pro-

Robert E. Rossiter Chairman, CEO and President

2

