Simply another record year
Dear Shareholders:
1999 was another record year for Lennar Corporation, as we continued to expand our customer base and grow our revenues, earnings and new home deliveries. We further streamlined our operations, including fully integrating the new operations acquired in 1998 and 1999, while managing a more balanced and diverse product offering.
Lennar has continued to deliver shareholder value by growing earnings and building a strong and stable balance sheet. We’ve done it with a simple, prudent financial and business strategy.
In 1999 we...
• Grew total revenues to $3.1 billion, a 29% increase
• Grew net earnings by 20% to $173 million
• Reduced our debt to total capital ratio from 43% to 37%
• Reduced our revolver balance to $0 at November 30, 1999
• Increased shareholders’ equity by $166 million to $881 million
Our growth reflected a four-tiered corporate strategy: a simple operating model, well-paced expansion of the business, continued diversification of our product offerings and a conservative fiscal strategy. Our focus is to:
• Maintain a strong balance sheet
• Diversify and grow earnings
• Maintain high gross margins and a low land basis
• Maximize our return on capital investment
• Fully integrate our newly acquired companies, management and associates • Increase market share in core markets
Simply strategic... By focusing our operating strategy on improving our balance sheet while we grow earnings per share and generate high returns on capital, we keep our company positioned for future success. A strong balance sheet is the foundation for seizing opportunities when market inefficiencies present themselves.
  Financial Balance
Debt to Total Capital Nov. 1997 - 55% Nov. 1998 - 43% Nov. 1999 - 37%
EPS Growth (annualized since Nov. 1997)
38%
   4
* Net income plus after tax interest/(avg. debt + avg. equity)
   Return on Capital* (annualized since Nov. 1997)
14%
 
  EPS up 10%
Low land basis
Net ear
up 20%
nings
$0 revolver balance
Nov.
30, 1999
Debt to
ratio reduced to
total capital
37%
Revenues up 29%
 High gross margin of 21.2%
                                 Maintained a simple operating strategy...
Simply the best... Buying a home is an investment, and we maximize the value of that investment with the “Everything’s IncludedSM” program of luxury standard features, from top name appliances to upgraded carpet in a full range of colors, at a great value to the buyer. “Everything’s IncludedSM” was introduced at nearly every price level in 1999 at Lennar communities, and along with our industry-leading Zero Defects homebuilding policy, it’s the cornerstone of our business philosophy of keeping it simple and making it special. “Everything’s IncludedSM” means simplicity for the buyer and the builder, with added value to the customer, reduced necessity of upgrades and changes and an expedited production schedule.
Simply streamlined... Our streamlined business structure creates economies of scale that benefit our customers, subcontractors and associates alike. Our two divisions: Lennar Homes and Lennar Financial Services (LFS) allow us to cover nearly every aspect of the homebuilding and buying process, keeping it simple for the buyer and the builder. Our compact management structure keeps us lean and highly focused, while leveraging the localized experience of our team for maximum growth, market by market.
Simply focused... We have remained compact by focusing on the nation’s fastest growing markets; we’re coast to coast and focused. The housing markets in Florida, California, Texas, Arizona and Nevada are among the nation’s top markets for the homebuilding industry. Our strength is bolstered by the acquisition of local builders who bring market expertise to the table, positioning us for continued strong growth.
  5
   
6
Achieved a lot by doing more...
Simply stronger acquisitions... Lennar Corporation grew to approximately 4,900 associates nationwide in 1999, an increase of about 800 associates. Our expansion included the integration of our newly acquired LFS companies: Eagle Home Mortgage, Southwest Land Title and North American Title Guaranty in 1999 and North American Title in 1998.
These strategic acquisitions, along with our 1997 and 1998 acquisitions (Pacific Greystone, Winncrest Homes, ColRich Communities and Polygon Communities), helped to strengthen our positions in our Western and Southwestern markets, while adding to our human capital of experienced, able management.
Simply diversifying... At Lennar, maintaining a diverse business is the key to building long- term, stable earnings growth. We have built that diversity by applying a “one-stop shopping” approach to the homebuying experience. By building strong homebuilding operations, and leveraging them with financial and ancillary services, we are able to create a value-added business, and capture an increasing percentage of buyers. Again, it’s about simplicity - covering everything from the home itself to the mortgage to the security and cable television systems.
Our title companies handled nearly 140,000 transactions in 1999. Strategic Technologies, Inc. (STI) grew its customer base significantly in 1999 and now has approximately 7,600 cable and 6,300 alarm monitoring customers nationwide.
LFS completed nearly 15,000 loan originations in 1999, up 90% versus 1998. The dollar value of loans originated by LFS grew to $2.2 billion, up a full 110% versus 1998. In addition, the capture rate of Lennar homebuyers to our mortgage and ancillary services increased from 59% in 1998 to 63% in 1999. And while LFS pretax earnings edged down 7% versus 1998 to $31 million, revenues grew by 27%, reaching $269 million.
This diverse stream of earnings, and the continued addition of ancillary services in our technologies division, will help us continue to deliver a high level of profitability and return on equity to our shareholders.
Simply covering all the demographics... Diversity also means building in a range of price brackets and consumer markets. We delivered over 12,500 homes nationwide in 1999, ranging in price from $100,000 to a million-plus, with a majority falling between $100,000 and $400,000. We cover a broad consumer market that includes first-time buyers, “move-up” buyers trading up to a larger home, and active adult homebuyers (older buyers, retirees and “empty-nesters”).
    
  And improved our balance sheet...
Simply achieving more... We achieved record earnings, revenues and earnings per share in 1999. At the same time, we reduced our debt to total capital ratio to 37% and brought our revolving credit balance to zero by the end of the year. To put it simply, our highs and lows were some of the best in the business.
Simply balanced... Lennar Corporation continues to have one of the strongest balance sheets in the homebuilding industry. We have achieved this through conservative fiscal policies, which balance short-term growth with long-term earnings stability. Since November 1997, we have achieved an annualized 38% increase in earnings per share while reducing our debt to total capital ratio from 55% to 37%.
 7
   
  ...While keeping it simple.
At Lennar Corporation, “Keeping it Simple” is more than just a marketing strategy. It’s a new way of doing business, and one that we think has revolutionized the homebuilding industry. It’s about building homes that homebuyers and investors love, and making the homebuying process simpler and more satisfying for our
customers. It’s about cultivating a prudent financial strategy - achieving a zero revolver balance and reducing our debt to capital ratio to less than 40%. It’s also about nurturing a corporate culture
that rewards individual achievement, while working toward a unified vision. And it’s about rewarding our shareholders with a sound balance
sheet, excellent returns on equity and record earnings.
With so much to look forward to, it’s easy to forget that we’ve been in business for nearly a half century. But it’s that longevity and our constant emphasis on quality, simplicity and innovation, which have helped us to build one of the best reputations in the homebuilding industry.
We would like to thank the almost 5,000 associates of Lennar that have worked so hard to ensure the success of our company. We would like to thank our customers for putting their trust in Lennar to build the home of their dreams. We’d also like to thank our shareholders for your continued investment and belief in our company. We’ve worked hard to earn your trust, and we’re looking forward to continued shared success in the short and the long-term.
Sincerely,
Stuart A. Miller
President & Chief Executive Officer
P.S. Simply another great deal
On February 17, 2000, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire U.S. Home Corporation to create the largest homebuilder in America based on profitability and revenues.
 8
   