Growing: The Lennar Way
It’s not just how big you grow, it’s how you grow big.
 Dear Shareholders,
1998 was an outstanding growth year for Lennar Corporation. In addition to growing by every financial measure, we grew as a more efficient and more diversified company; better positioned to compete and consolidate as we look ahead. Our growth model
has enabled us to grow quickly and comfortably, attaining both short-term goals
and ensuring long-term stability.
In 1998 we...
• Grew earnings per share by 73%.
• Reduced our homebuilding debt to total capital ratio to 43% from 55%. • Achieved a 33% return on beginning shareholders’ equity.
• Increased shareholders’ equity 63%, from $439 million to $716 million.
Lennar grew by adhering to longstanding values that have enabled our company to enhance shareholder value while we have built the very best homebuilding company in the business. A balance of operational and financial strategies continued to guide Lennar as we grew our business.
Kept Our Operations Simple...
We believe that our strategy of keeping things simple will continue to enable us to grow quickly and efficiently. From where we build, to what we build, to how we build, The Simpler The Better. By keeping our business simple, we have maintained management focus on the core business and leveraged our overhead, while we have maintained gross margins that are among the highest in the industry.
Where we build - Coast to coast and focused. Our geographic strategy is to remain concentrated in the fastest-growing markets in the nation. This geographic strategy enables us to focus management on targeted markets and maximize our efficiency in those markets.
What we build - Everything’s Included.TM Our product strategy is to offer a better value to our customers by including an expanded standard features package, limiting options, upgrades and changes, and simplifying production in the field. No off-site design centers and no extra overhead; we just pass the added value on to our customers.
How we build - Zero Defects. The big red for Zero Defects is so important to us that you’ll see it on our name badges, in the hallways of all of our offices, and even on the cover of our annual report. It’s at the heart of everything we do - it’s just that simple. Our company is more and more focused
on quality. We reduce the number of service calls and keep our customer base happier in the process.
Through our simple operating platform, we remain well positioned to sustain growth from our existing base of business and to integrate future acquisitions with ease and efficiency.
Grew Through Acquisitions...
We believe that industry consolidation continues to be a significant driver behind growth. We began 1998 having just completed the combination with Pacific Greystone and we grew from there. Throughout 1998 we continued to execute our growth model with strategic acquisitions which were immediately integrated and were accretive to earnings per share. These acquisitions have enabled us to grow our business, expand our management team, and further diversify our earnings stream.
  
    In the past year we acquired Winncrest Homes, which positioned us as the largest homebuilder in Sacramento, California. We also purchased ColRich Communities and Polygon Communities, which provided us with well-positioned replacement communities and our entrance into the Inland Empire in Southern California. The purchase of North American Title Company helped us to quickly position our title operations in the west.
A distinct Lennar culture continues to drive the integration of a diverse group of management teams to grow as a consistent and efficient, unified company. From the way we talk to the way we account, from the way we build to the way we motivate, Lennar associates are part of a unique, coordinated program. We know who we are and what we stand for. We move in tandem and work together as a team.
Diversified Our Earnings...
We believe that a diverse business will provide the most consistent predictable and recurring earnings stream. Throughout 1998 we diversified our business in a variety of ways.
In 1998 we continued to diversify geographically as we expanded our positions in the five fastest- growing states in the country. We not only grew within our existing operating divisions, but we also added new divisions in Fort Worth, Texas and the Inland Empire in California. This strategy has enabled us to diversify coast to coast, and at the same time, leverage the strength of a compact, experienced
and focused management team.
We continued to maintain a balanced product offering, covering first-time buyers through retirement buyers at prices ranging from under $100,000 to over $400,000.
We had our first full year of operations from Lennar Land Partners in 1998, which generated over $30 million of pretax profits for us. Our diversification with joint venture partners will continue to be a significant source of bottom line profits for the company.
Lennar Financial Services grew over 186% in 1998 and contributed $33 million to our pretax earnings. Our earnings are now more balanced between mortgage and title, and we’re excited about the prospects for our Strategic Technologies division. Currently we are focused on adding ancillary service businesses to further diversify our earnings stream and generate high shareholder returns.
And Strengthened Our Balance Sheet...
We believe that managing a prudent, conservative balance sheet is both a strong foundation for future growth and our means of keeping the cycle as our ally, not our adversary. In 1998 we enhanced the capital structure of our company while we continued to maintain a current, conservatively-stated, asset base.
We balanced our financial performance this past year by lowering our debt to total capital ratio from 55% to 43%, while we achieved a 73% EPS growth rate. In 1998, Standard & Poor’s upgraded the company’s corporate credit and senior unsecured debt ratings to investment grade.
We also diversified our debt structure by issuing $229 million of Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Debentures while maintaining the financial flexibility of over $500 million available on our credit facility at year-end. As a result, Lennar has one of the strongest balance sheets in the homebuilding industry.
 
 ...Because It’s A Sprint And A Marathon.
We believe that real success is defined in terms of both long-term as well as short-term achievements. Our strong financial results were achieved through a combination of good strategic positioning, focused execution of our operating plan, and a well-balanced program of integrating compatible companies under the Lennar umbrella. We grew earnings per share while at the same time we improved our balance sheet. We achieved short-term growth and earnings objectives while we improved long-term growth prospects.
So, where does Lennar grow from here? Because of the way we have positioned our company, we have many options for continued growth. As we approach the new millennium, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to benefit from the opportunities that lie ahead. Over the span of our now 45-year history,
we have positioned our company to produce industry-leading financial results and increased value for
our shareholders. And we have never been better positioned than we are right now.
As we move into 1999, our management team will continue to seek new opportunities to grow our business
by expanding market share within our markets. At the same time, we will continue to diversify our business
by considering new growth markets for expansion and seeking new business lines to leverage our profit per customer. Additionally, we will continue to use our efficient operating model to maintain a lean overhead structure and to further strengthen our financial position. By balancing growth with conservative management, we believe that we will produce the strongest results for our shareholders.
In closing I’d like to say thank you to some very special people. Thank you to our shareholders for their continued support and investment in our company. Thank you to our customers for putting their trust in Lennar Corporation and allowing us to build and finance their dream. And thank you to all Lennar associates across the country for working so hard to produce outstanding results for both our customers and our shareholders.
I would also like to say a special thank you to Irving Bolotin who retired this year after 45 years of service to Lennar Corporation. Irving was with the company since inception and served as our Senior Vice President since Lennar went public in 1970. Irving’s leadership, integrity and work ethic have been an inspiration to all of us. And we look forward to his continued guidance for many years to come as a valued member of our Board of Directors.
Sincerely,
Stuart A. Miller
President & Chief Executive Officer
     