To Our Shareholders
LabCorp delivered another strong performance in 2011, made
possible by disciplined execution of our five-pillar strategy to
grow the business and increase shareholder value. These five
strategic pillars are:
•??Deploy capital first to acquisitions that enhance our footprint
and test menu, then to repurchase shares,
•??Enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and
patient experience,
•??Continue to improve efficiency to remain the most efficient
and highest-value provider of laboratory services,
•??Continue scientific innovation to offer new tests at reasonable
and appropriate pricing, and
•??Participate in the development of alternative delivery models
to improve patient outcomes and reduce the cost of care.
Despite a macroeconomic environment that remained challenging,
we achieved our operational and financial goals across a broad range
of measures. Each of our five pillars contributed to our success.
Results In A Nutshell
We generated solid increases in test volumes, revenues and
earnings in 2011, achieving growth both organically and through
strategic acquisitions. In 2011, LabCorp increased revenue
10.8 percent, to $5.5 billion, and Adjusted Earnings Per Share
Excluding Amortization by 6.5 percent, to $6.37. These results
are especially noteworthy in a market environment in which total
net U.S. jobs and managed care enrollment, two key metrics
for our industry, remained stagnant. Our stock price reached
$100 per share before concerns about the U.S. deficit and the
European financial system dampened the market in the last five
months of the year.
We are proud of these accomplishments. This performance
extended a strong growth record that has been sustained
through several years of economic distress. In fact, for the
period 2001 through 2011, LabCorp’s compound annual
growth rates for Revenue, Adjusted Earnings Per Share
Excluding Amortization and Free Cash Flow Per Share are 9.7,
15.5 and 16.8 percent, respectively1.
We continue to fulfill our core mission – to offer the highestquality laboratory testing and most compelling value to our
customers – through successful execution of this well defined,
five-pillar strategy. Let me review our 2011 progress on each
pillar of our strategy.
PILLAR ONE
Deploy capital first to acquisitions that
enhance our footprint and test menu,
then to repurchase shares
No acquisition in our history has been more important than
Genzyme Genetics2, which significantly expanded our leadership
in esoteric testing and personalized medicine. The transaction,
closed in December 2010, enabled us to reach our goal of deriving
40 percent of revenue from esoteric testing — a goal that we have
since elevated to 45 percent within the next three to five years.
The acquisition of Genzyme Genetics created the premier genetics
and oncology business in our industry. Our complementary
services introduce significant customer benefits in areas such
as prenatal genetic tests, which are performed during pregnancy
to screen for birth defects. With our businesses combined,
our customers have broad access to novel testing technologies
such as the SMA molecular genetics assay and the entire Reveal®
family of SNP Microarrays. As market demand for prenatal
genetics increases, LabCorp will be well positioned to provide
the broadest range of services.
In oncology, LabCorp’s broad molecular oncology test menu
and specialized sales force complement the strong pathology
expertise provided by Genzyme Genetics. In addition, LabCorp’s
extensive test menu allowed us to internalize approximately
50 tests that Genzyme Genetics previously referred to other labs.
Integration That Produces Results
I am very pleased with our progress in integrating these businesses.
As with every acquisition, the first objective is to retain revenue
and the customer relationships that underpin that revenue. Our
employees have worked to combine the businesses without
disruption to our customer base, and the limited customer attrition
we have experienced to date is evidence of their success. We are
extremely appreciative of the skill and dedication of personnel
from both companies, who have worked exceptionally well
together to form a single team dedicated to patient care.
In addition to focusing on customer service and revenue retention,
we have collectively worked to reduce expenses and improve
efficiencies for the Genzyme Genetics business. As we have
stated, we expect the transaction to be neutral to slightly
accretive to our 2012 earnings, and will reach corporate margin
during 2013.
We also made good progress on the integration of two other
sizeable acquisitions, Westcliff Medical Laboratories and DCL
Medical Laboratories. These transactions bolstered our
presence in Southern California and Indianapolis, where we
historically have been underrepresented. Further, in line with our
strategic model, we executed a number of smaller acquisitions
to enhance our test menu and our geographic footprint.
In December of 2011, we closed our acquisition of Orchid Cellmark,
an international provider of DNA testing services primarily for
forensic and family relationship applications. This acquisition
strengthens LabCorp’s capabilities in forensics and identity
testing and establishes our presence in the United Kingdom.
In 2011, we extended our record of deploying cash to return
value to shareholders through share repurchase. For the year,
we acquired 7.4 million LabCorp shares for $644 million. This
brings our total repurchases since 2004 to more than $3.9 billion,
at an average price of approximately $65.
PILLAR TWO
Enhance our IT capabilities to improve
the physician and patient experience
In 2011, we expanded the capabilities of LabCorp Beacon®,
a comprehensive solution that delivers great value to physicians
and patients. LabCorp Beacon helps to manage the test ordering
and result delivery processes efficiently, intuitively and in a variety
of easy-to-use formats. Last year, we deployed LabCorp Beacon
to more than 8,500 sites and 41,000 customers, and we have
received accolades from users for its flexibility and broad feature set.
For physicians, LabCorp Beacon centralizes lab connectivity and
provides clear, concise reports and message alerts delivered in
a variety of formats, including mobile platforms like the iPhone®,
Android™ and iPad®. With streamlined order entry, intuitive visual
cues to support timely physician decision making, and a host of
time saving features, LabCorp Beacon is a significant asset that
fortifies our relationships with thousands of physicians.
For patients, LabCorp Beacon makes it easier to interact with
medical professionals. In 2011, we completed development of
the LabCorp Beacon patient portal — a secure and easy-to-use
online solution that enables patients to receive and share lab results,
make appointments, pay bills, set up alerts and notifications,
and manage health information for the entire family.
PILLAR THREE
Continue to improve efficiency to
remain the most efficient and highestvalue provider of laboratory services
Our emphasis on continually improving productivity extends
throughout all phases of our operations — from specimen
collection, to processing and testing, to result reporting and to
billing. LabCorp TOUCHSM accessioning provides leading-edge
automation at our patient service center (PSC) locations. LabCorp
TOUCH, including AccuDrawSM, automates key aspects of specimen
collection, improving accuracy and precision. It allows us to
deploy our personnel more productively, and it is now installed
in more than 1,100 sites, representing approximately 75 percent
of our PSC volume.
Last year, we continued to reap the benefits of our Sysmex
hematology automation. Our automation initiatives, improvements
to our logistics network, and enhancements to our supply chain
operations have increased our per-employee throughput in our
core laboratories by 40 percent since 2007. We also upgraded
our call center operations, improving call response time while
reducing the number of facilities by approximately two-thirds.
Even as we achieve new efficiencies, LabCorp’s service metrics,
customer satisfaction ratings, and turnaround times are at
historically high levels.
The expansion of the Powell Center for Esoteric Testing in
Burlington, North Carolina leverages LEAN principles to conduct
testing more efficiently and consolidate satellite locations.
LEAN strategies have also proven effective in creating process
improvements in our billing and collection operations. DSO at
year-end stood at 46 days, unchanged year over year and
sequentially, while bad debt continued its downward trajectory
to 4.6 percent, an improvement of 20 basis points over last year
PILLAR FOUR
Continue scientific innovation to
offer new tests at reasonable and
appropriate pricing
Innovative tests continue to be an important growth driver for
LabCorp. In 2011, we introduced a total of 104 new assays
as we collaborated with leading companies and academic
institutions to provide physicians and patients with the most
scientifically advanced testing in the industry.
In personalized medicine, we added to our industry-leading suite
of companion diagnostic testing by being the first national lab to
introduce assays that can help physicians appropriately prescribe
the drugs Zelboraf™ and XALKORI® in the treatment of certain
types of cancer. The FDA recently approved Zelboraf for use with
patients with metastatic melanoma that carry the BRAF V600E
gene mutation. The companion diagnostic test we provide is
essential for identifying patients who have this mutation and
may benefit from this therapy. Also in 2011, XALKORI received
FDA approval for use in a subset of non-small cell lung cancer
patients classified as ALK-positive. LabCorp’s clinically validated
companion diagnostic identifies these ALK-positive patients that
should benefit from XALKORI.
We also launched a series of hepatitis C (HCV) drug resistance
assays developed to support the clinical evaluation of anti-viral
agents and their effective use in the management of HCV
infection. These tests add to LabCorp’s industry-leading suite
of HCV diagnostics, all designed to help physicians provide
optimal patient care.
In women’s health, we simplified specimen collection for physicians
by offering a single-swab device that tests for a variety of the
most common sexually transmitted disease organisms. Our
single-swab device provides the comprehensive actionable
information physicians need to deliver the best and most
appropriate care to their patients.
PILLAR FIVE
Participate in the development of
alternative delivery models to improve
patient outcomes and reduce the cost
of care
With new health policy mandates and an urgent need to control
costs, we believe the health care system will continue to move
away from traditional fee-for-service payment models. As the
most efficient, highest-value provider of laboratory services,
LabCorp is ideally positioned to prosper in a market environment
increasingly focused on the efficient delivery of quality services.
Last year, we were pleased to extend our contract with
UnitedHealthcare through the end of 2018. For five years, our
partnership has delivered high-quality laboratory services to
UnitedHealthcare’s customers while lowering their laboratory spend.
Over the next seven years, LabCorp will remain UnitedHealthcare’s
sole national laboratory, and both organizations will continue to
work to improve the management of laboratory networks and
services to deliver high-quality care at reasonable cost.
Although I cannot overemphasize the importance of a sound
strategic foundation, a strategy is nothing unless it is wellexecuted. The credit for our successes, once again and still,
belongs to the 31,000 LabCorp employees who deliver the
highest-quality care to our patients and physicians 7 days a
week, 365 days a year. I am deeply grateful to our talented
team, and we are all grateful to you for your continuing support.
Very truly yours,
Dave King
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

