Letter to shareholders

This one tube contains nearly endless health care solutions. In fact, you would be hard pressed to find a more utilitarian, versatile, efficient or increasingly sophisticated function in all of health care than lab testing. LabCorp is capitalizing on this potential in new and innovative ways that are transforming our Company from a provider of data to a provider of diagnostic intelligence.
Dave King
President and Chief Executive Officer

Laboratory Corporation of America® Holdings 2008 7

Financial highlights
Year Ended December 31,

(In millions, except per share amounts)

2008 $ 4,505.2 1,873.8 842.9 $ $ $ 464.5 4.23 4.16

2007 $ 4,068.2 1,691.2 777.0 $ 476.8 $ $ 4.08 3.93

2006 $3,590.8 1,529.4 697.1 $ 431.6 $ $ 3.48 3.24

Net sales Gross profit Operating income Net earnings Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share

This evolution began for LabCorp in the year 2000. This was the year when the first data from the human genome project was released and we began to unlock the potential that genomic testing could have for individualized patient treatment. As we noted in our 2000 Annual Report, "The evolving science of genomics is a revolution creating the most profound opportunities for improved medical care in more than a century. The benefits of earlier diagnoses, more effective medicines, and better treatment programs that will derive from the mapping of the human genome are nearly beyond measure. LabCorp stands to be an early beneficiary of this new era." As you have read on the preceding pages, these benefits are here today, and the patients that LabCorp serves are benefiting in real and measurable ways. We believe that personalized medicine will grow dramatically in the coming years and have a profound impact on how individual patients are diagnosed and treated.

The clinical laboratory is already critical to the health care system; the growth of personalized medicine will make us, more than ever, the central player in the delivery of the right care to the right patient at the right time. LabCorp intends to continue to lead the laboratory industry in the movement toward personalized medicine and expects this leading position to be a key driver of growth for the Company going forward. We are in an excellent position to realize this goal. Our scientific leadership in the laboratory testing industry is well established. We also enjoy a strong reputation as the lab partner of choice for top researchers in pharmacology and biotechnology. Building on these strengths, we will pursue our goals in personalized medicine through the execution of three strategies: continued growth in esoteric testing, expansion of outcome improvement programs, and development and commercialization of companion diagnostics.

Esoteric Testing Growth For more than a decade, LabCorp has been steadily increasing its esoteric test menu; today these high-value assays represent 35 percent of our U.S. revenue. Our goal is to increase this mix to 40 percent of revenue within the next three to five years. This growth will result from increased use of esoteric testing as physicians and other providers better understand its benefits, as well as the continued introduction of new esoteric tests as scientific advances are made and as we address areas of unmet medical need. In 2008, for example, we brought to market new assays that assist in the diagnosis and treatment of hepatitis B; genetic analysis for developmental delays, including autism; and cancers of the central nervous system, prostate and colon. Collaborative partnerships with academic institutions, such as Duke University and Yale University, and other researchers will ensure that LabCorp remains at the forefront of commercializing innovative new esoteric tests.

8 Laboratory Corporation of America® Holdings 2008

Outcome Improvement Program Expansion The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that chronic disease affects 90 million Americans and results in "illness, disability, extended pain and suffering, and major limitations in daily living."1 In addition to the human toll, chronic diseases account for billions of dollars in health care costs that burden an already taxed system. We have made outcome improvement programs the second plank in our personalized medicine platform, due to our confidence that these programs can make a profound difference in reducing the incidence and severity of these conditions. We have seen firsthand the effectiveness of such programs, beginning with our Litholink program for kidney stone management. With an 80 percent reduction in stone recurrence and a $2,000 reduction in annual treatment cost per patient, we are able to help improve patients' lives and save the health care system money. It is gratifying that patients and payers

have widely embraced Litholink and that this proprietary program is generating doubledigit revenue growth. We have identified chronic kidney disease (CKD), which afflicts 26 million Americans ­ most of whom do not know they are sick ­ as the next area of expansion for outcome improvement programs. With the assistance of an international advisory board of medical experts and the support of the National Kidney Foundation, we have developed a sophisticated program to assist physicians in identifying patients with chronic kidney disease in its early stages and in treating them in accordance with accepted guidelines. Physicians, payers and employers have enthusiastically adopted the CKD program. We expect to expand this success to other outcome improvement programs that are already under development.
1

Growth Drivers
· Industry Consolidation · Hospital Outpatient and Outreach · Aging Population · Increased Esoteric Testing · Outcome Improvement Programs · Companion Diagnostics

Revenue

http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/ss5711a1.htm

Laboratory Corporation of America® Holdings 2008 9

Companion Diagnostics Development LabCorp's leadership in esoteric testing goes hand-in-hand with developing and commercializing companion diagnostics, which provide guidance for tailoring drugs to the exact needs of an individual patient. Our acquisition of Tandem Labs in 2008 has advanced this objective significantly. Tandem helps pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with their discovery, preclinical and clinical drug development programs. The effective combination of Tandem's capabilities with our clinical trials division is evident in the doubledigit year-over-year growth that we achieved in companion diagnostic testing during 2008. Leveraging The Lab Asset Collectively, our initiatives across the spectrum of personalized medicine are designed to fuel a new era of growth for LabCorp and its shareholders. The success of these initiatives will be driven by market need and by our strong

business model. LabCorp touches millions of patients, tens of thousands of doctors and other providers, and thousands of hospitals throughout the United States. We have one of the largest distribution networks in the country, exceptionally strong managed care relationships, and numerous partnerships with leading academic medical centers and health care companies. Quality and cost efficiency are certainly key components of our successful managed care relationships; convenience is another factor. We remain vigilant with respect to customer care and are constantly implementing ways to make it easier to do business with LabCorp. In early 2008, we introduced online appointment scheduling and self-check-in kiosks at select locations and plan to expand both of these patient convenience tools throughout 2009. These customer care initiatives are part of an ongoing effort to support growth by

enhancing our capabilities to handle larger testing volumes with greater speed and accuracy. Automation investments, logistics optimization and supply chain management are expected to increase the productivity of our operations, which already are the most efficient in the industry. Solid 2008 Performance The strength of our model was demonstrated during 2008 when, despite economic headwinds, LabCorp turned in a solid performance. Net sales increased 10.7 percent to $4.5 billion. In a year when corporate liquidity and credit availability dominated headlines, we maintained our sound business model and solid balance sheet. LabCorp continues to enjoy industry-leading cash flow and produced $780.9 million in operating cash flow in 2008, an increase of 10 percent over 2007.

10 Laboratory Corporation of America® Holdings 2008

Executive Management
(from left to right)

Dave King President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Walton Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Development Brad Hayes Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Andrew Conrad, Ph.D. Chief Scientist Jay Boyle Senior Vice President, Managed Care and Occupational Testing Services Bill Bonello Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Sam Eberts Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Lidia Fonseca Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer Don Hardison Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer * Not pictured ­ Mark Brecher, M.D. Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer

The Company has a strong balance sheet, ending 2008 with $219.7 million of cash. Our bank facility, comprised of multiple institutions and secured through 2012, combined with our free cash flow provides the capital necessary to pursue the growth opportunities before us. While reinvestment, strategic acquisition and licensing agreements remain our first priority for cash use, we also continue to direct cash toward our share repurchase program. In 2008, we repurchased shares totaling $330.6 million. The strengths that we demonstrated in 2008 are a direct reflection of the 28,000 LabCorp people who work on behalf of our customers and their patients on a daily basis. Their talents and expertise, professionalism and commitment make the difference between potential and performance, and these dedicated people make that difference day in and day out, every day of the year.

Powerful Growth Potential As we reflect on what we have achieved and on what lies ahead, we continue to be impressed by the power of lab testing ­ of this one tube ­ to work on behalf of physicians, patients, payers and shareholders alike. We are transforming the clinical laboratory into a source of actionable health care intelligence. In the process, we believe clinical laboratory testing will become increasingly valued for its ability to guide those who treat patients by providing high-quality, cost-effective care. A new era is well under way, as are LabCorp's strategies to capitalize on it and lead the industry into the future. We strive every day to exceed your expectations. We appreciate and thank you for your continued support. Very truly yours,

Dave King President and Chief Executive Officer

Laboratory Corporation of America® Holdings 2008 11

