We Deliver

Highly Valued
Results For

These are results that work for LabCorp year in and year out and continue to make our Company one of the most compelling values in the health care sector.

To Our Shareholders: For all of LabCorp's stakeholders ­ patients, physicians and investors ­ results matter. The preceding pages of this report describe how LabCorp's commitment to innovation, scientific leadership and operational excellence delivers results for the physicians we serve and the patients they treat. Over the past decade, this disciplined approach has consistently generated strong financial performance and value for our shareholders as well.

clinical and scientific innovation. We have an exceptional management team focused on advancing our vision of the future. Our franchise and our culture of execution and innovation combine to generate capital that has benefited, and will continue to benefit, our shareholders over time.

Our financial metrics reflect the strength of our business model. Year in and year out, LabCorp's performance has been characterized by financial stability, as evidenced by our solid balance sheet, consistent revenue growth,

What makes LabCorp's vision of the future so compelling? First, our business has a strong set of positives. Lab testing is the most cost-effective spending in health care, with our average transaction price at approximately $40. We account for some 3 percent of health care spending, yet lab results influence 70 to 80 percent of health care decisions. If your last visit to the doctor was like mine, it ended with the physician saying "I think I know what we need to do, but let's see what the labs say to be sure." This, in my view, is compelling evidence of our value.

excellent cash flow generation and high degree of operating leverage that maximizes the productivity of our assets. Over the past five years, we have grown earnings and free cash flow at a 15 and 11 percent compound annual growth rate, respectively. During this period, our EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes) margins have consistently led the industry. Additionally, we have reinvested a significant portion of our earnings in LabCorp stock, repurchasing approximately $2 billion of our shares since 2006.

LabCorp brings unique attributes to this consistent and sustainable business. Our size and scale allow us to deliver one of the broadest arrays of tests and services across the country. We have been and remain the industry leader in

In 2009, we recorded another strong financial performance. We grew revenue by four percent despite the challenging economic environment. We continued to set the standard for the industry by growing esoteric volume by nine percent.

10 LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA

Shareholders
Dave King Chairman and Chief Executive Officer We generated operating cash flow totaling $862.4 million, an increase of 10.4 percent over 2008 despite making a contribution of $54.8 million to fund pension liabilities. We invested $114.7 million in our business, resulting in free cash flow of $747.7 million, a 19.8 percent increase over 2008. We significantly improved cash collections, as DSO (Days Sales Outstanding) decreased seven days year-over-year to 44 days. We maintained our bad debt rate at 5.3 percent through the year. Growing the Core Business The last year has seen much discussion of concepts such as the medical home and a wired health care system. Whatever direction health reform ends up taking, there will We also strengthened our capital structure by redeeming half of our zero-coupon notes, eliminating uncertainty related to potential future conversions of these securities. We purchased nearly four million shares of our stock for $273.5 million. We kept a tight lid on expenses, concurrently implementing important steps in automation that yielded improvement in our gross margin. be increasing emphasis on centralizing all information about a given patient and tracking that information longitudinally. Critical tests such as hemoglobin A1c for diabetes management and lipids for cardiovascular and vascular risk monitoring will be relied on not merely to evaluate a patient at a given point, but to track the patient's health over time. Our test menu, logistics capability, standardized testing platform and open IT system will position LabCorp well to As impressive as LabCorp's performance has been over the last decade, our focus is not on past accomplishments but on future opportunities. We will deliver greater value to patients and investors in the years ahead, as we focus on our strategy of leadership in transforming health care through personalized medicine. In addition, we shall continue to grow the market footprint of our core business. With more than 5,000 labs in operation today, there continue to be ample opportunities to expand our footprint through carefully targeted acquisitions. Also, hospital labs perform some 50 percent of all laboratory benefit from this opportunity. How will personalized medicine help LabCorp grow? The answer to this question lies in the power of individualized medicine to grow both our core testing and our esoteric testing businesses. Let me elaborate on the opportunities we see.

LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA 11

testing, and about a third of that volume comes from physicians who send their testing to a local hospital. LabCorp offers a broader menu of services at significantly lower cost to payers, and initiatives are in place to win more of that business by communicating the efficiency and value we provide. Finally, we continue to focus on enhancing our relationships with UnitedHealthcare, WellPoint, Cigna, Humana, and other managed care partners.

Outcome improvement programs also help doctors tailor treatment to individual patient needs. Our Litholink program for kidney stone management achieves remarkable success in reducing stone recurrence and lowering treatment costs. Litholink continues to grow in acceptance among physicians, patients and payers.

Our follow-on outcome improvement program, targeted at Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD), is beginning to fulfill its

Expanding Esoteric Testing Capabilities Expansion of our strong esoteric franchise is critical to our growth strategy. A decade ago we began the journey toward maximizing the full medical and market potential of esoteric testing. In the ensuing years, we have steadily made these specialized tests a larger part of our business. In 2009, esoteric testing accounted for 36 percent of annual consolidated revenue and we expect to grow to 40 percent esoteric revenue within three to five years.

potential to diagnose this extremely damaging ­ and costly ­ disease earlier and slow its progression. The kidney stone and CKD programs, and additional outcome improvement programs that will follow, fit squarely within our strategy of helping physicians diagnose patients suffering from an array of chronic illnesses and treat them in a highly individualized way.

Commercialization of companion diagnostics is another important area of expansion for esoteric testing and one in

Personalized medicine is an important way to broaden our esoteric testing capabilities. The acquisition of Monogram Biosciences in 2009, for example, advances LabCorp's leadership in infectious disease and oncology testing. Monogram has been at the forefront of developing companion diagnostics, with an impressive suite of proprietary tests to guide treatment of patients with HIV and cancer. Monogram's Trofile® is a state-of-the-art complex molecular assay that identifi es the tropism, or cell type, of each individual patient's HIV and is the recommended standard in this emerging diagnostic arena. Monogram's highly sensitive HERmark® test identifies individual patients who are falsely negative by traditional HER-2 testing and could benefit from receiving Herceptin®.

which we made notable progress during 2009. Our KRAS testing, used by physicians to guide therapy for colo-rectal cancer, continues to gain acceptance in the marketplace. UnitedHealthcare has contracted with LabCorp as one of only two laboratories to conduct KRAS testing and now requires a pathology report documenting KRAS gene type to determine coverage for chemotherapy employing Erbitux® and Vectibix®.

Other additions to our esoteric test suite similarly enable clinicians to tailor treatment to the individual patient. Our BRAF Gene Mutation Detection assay identifies mutations common in melanomas and colo-rectal, lung and other cancers. Likewise, our Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) tests provide important predictive guidance on

12

LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA

whether to prescribe the EGFR inhibitors IRESSA® and Tarceva® for patients with non-small-cell lung cancer. For breast cancer patients, the HERmark® Breast Cancer Assay is a highly sensitive test to identify individuals who will benefit from Herceptin® therapy. There also is increasing demand for our genetic test that measures sensitivity to Warfarin, a medication frequently prescribed to prevent blood clots.

and significantly improving accuracy of specimen collection. These and other initiatives increased customer satisfaction in the year just ended and will continue to do so in the years ahead.

Realizing Potential for Patients and Shareholders The role of molecular diagnostics in personalized medicine is just beginning. The success to date demonstrates its vast potential to help prevent, diagnose and guide the

Our premier esoteric clinical trials laboratory allows us to perform biomarker discovery to bring forward specific tests for pharmaceutical company sponsors, and the opportunity to commercialize companion diagnostics. With so many drugs in trials and research pipelines tied to biomarkers, this clinical trials business positions us well to be a valued partner in drug and test development.

treatment of disease. We will remain at the forefront of innovation in the laboratory industry as we seek to improve health care through treatment programs tailored to the individual needs of doctors and patients.

We are proud of LabCorp's scientific leadership and consistent financial performance. We are proud of what we have accomplished in past years, including 2009.

Enhancing Customer Experiences Combined with our strategy of leadership in individualized medicine, LabCorp's execution of the tactical steps of continually improving the physician and patient experience drives growth. In 2009 we took significant steps to make interactions with our customers more convenient and satisfying. For physicians, we enhanced the format of key reports to highlight essential information that helps guide patient treatment decisions. We added personal health records, e-prescribing capabilities, new connectivity tools and the ability to share results electronically with other providers.

We look forward to the opportunity to create even more value in the years ahead.

I am also proud of my 28,000 colleagues who deliver results for physicians, patients and investors every day. None of this would be possible without them. I thank each of them for their efforts, and each of you for your continued support.

Very truly yours,

For patients, our online appointment scheduling speeds patients through our draw centers. Our "Touch" collection and processing system improves the patient experience by guiding phlebotomists through the collection process

Dave King Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA 13

