TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
 2016 was a year of record margin, profit and cash flow for Lennox International. On a GAAP basis, operating income rose 41 percent to a record $429 million on 5 percent revenue growth to $3.6 billion. Earnings per share from continuing operations rose 54 percent to a record $6.34. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit increased 24 percent to a record $470 million as total segment margin expanded 200
basis points to a record 12.9 percent. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for the full year rose 35 percent to a record $6.95.
Cash from operations of $355 million for the year set a new record, and we continued to make significant investments for the future growth and profitability of the company, including $84 million of capital expenditures. The company raised its dividend 19 percent and paid a total of $69 million in dividends in 2016. In addition, we repurchased $300 million of company stock.
All three of our businesses were up in 2016, and Residential and Commercial set new highs for revenue, margin, and profit. In Refrigeration, profit rose 30 percent as segment margin expanded 210 basis points to 9.5 percent.
Residential revenue was up 7 percent for the year to a record $2.0 billion on strength in both replacement and new construction business. Residential profit rose 25 percent to a record $349 million, and segment margin expanded 250 basis points to a new high of 17.4 percent.
Operationally in Residential, we continued to drive manufact- uring productivity, including approximately $10 million of incremental savings for the year from our second manufacturing plant in Saltillo, Mexico opened in 2014. In distribution, we continued to expand our footprint with 23 new Lennox PartsPlus® stores to bring the total to 209 locations at the end of 2016. Over the last seven years, we have expanded physical distribution more than 240 percent in our Residential business, which has been a key factor in winning new contractor customers and providing excellent service to our existing customers. Benefits from this initiative include significant advances in on-time delivery and same-day fulfillment, as well as improved inventory turns and distribution costs per dollar of revenue. We view the target market for a PartsPlus store to be within a 30-minute drive radius for a contractor. Currently, our footprint of stores covers about 35 percent of our total market under this parameter.With a systematic pace of store expansion each year,we envision more than 325 stores in total in the next three years as we continue to focus on outgrowing the market and providing service excellence.
In our Commercial business in 2016, revenue was up 3 percent, including a negative 1 percent impact from foreign exchange, to a record $918 million. Commercial profit rose 14 percent to a record $149 million, and segment margin expanded 160 basis points to a record 16.3 percent.
In North America, commercial revenue grew at a mid-single digit rate in 2016. Revenue from replacement business was up high-single digits, and revenue from commercial new construction was up low-single digits.
National account equipment revenue was up low-single digits - with broad strength in non-retail national accounts partially offset by a decline in HVAC capital spending at certain retail accounts. Lennox continued to win in the marketplace with a record 31 new national account equipment customers. We continued to advance our leadership position with retailers at their stores and increasingly at their warehouse and distribution facilities that support their online sales. In other national accounts, we expanded further into hotels, restaurants, schools, entertainment complexes, medical facilities, financial branches and with real estate firms. On the services side of our national account business, revenue was up mid-single digits for the year as steady growth continued. Revenue from our non-national account business was up mid-single digits for the year. We continued to see success in the emergency replacement market as we drive initiatives to gain further share in this segment of the market. Over the last four years, our emergency replacement revenue is up approximately 40 percent.
Since entering the VRF market in North America, we are seeing increasing momentum in winning business in mid-rise
buildings - with stand-alone VRF systems or in a bundled solution with our unitary rooftop products. We see the VRF market growing at a mid-teens rate to $750 million over the next four years in North America. We have been growing at a triple-digit pace and continue to target $100 million of annual VRF revenue in the coming years.
In Europe, markets remained soft in 2016. Our commercial HVAC revenue was down slightly including the negative impact from foreign exchange and flat excluding that impact.
In our Refrigeration business, revenue was up 1 percent, including a negative 1 percent impact from foreign exchange. Refrigeration revenue was up low-single digits in North America and Europe. South America was flat including a negative 5 percent impact from foreign exchange, and Asia Pacific was flat including a negative 1 percent impact from foreign exchange. Refrigeration profit rose 30 percent to $69 million, and segment margin expanded 210 basis points to 9.5 percent. In addition to growth across all regions at constant currency, the business realized significant improvement in profitability from lower
 
 factory and material costs, including sourcing and engineering- led cost reductions, and higher productivity.
Across all three of our businesses, the company continued to realize significant material cost reductions through global sourcing programs and engineering-led cost reductions. The company has been making significant investments in computational analytics that enable us to dramatically reduce the time to implement cost savings. Instead of manual testing and field trials, we increasingly model lifetime equipment perfor- mance on the computer and in the lab. Computational analytics also enables us to more precisely understand the performance specification to provide our suppliers in order to optimize costs, quality, and performance.
Another area of significant investment that we are leveraging across the entire enterprise is our advanced control systems. In Residential, our iComfort® S30 control system has an industry-leading user interface and can provide prognostics and diagnostics in a way that enables a technician to arrive at a home with the right part to fix a system the right way the first time.
We are now leveraging the investments in our residential control systems and our intellectual property in software and hardware to develop the same leading capabilities for light commercial applications. In a convenience store or restaurant, for example, monitoring and controlling the HVAC and refrigeration systems are critical. Our new systems provide these commercial customers with a leading user-interface, remote monitoring, and prognostics and diagnostics to help keep their businesses running smoothly and maximize profitability.
The company is also making significant investments in e-commerce, including our industry-leading LennoxPROs.com site and app for our Lennox dealers. The LennoxPROsTM tool provides online ordering, warranty support, training, and parts and equipment availability. We are leveraging our expertise with e-commerce in our Lennox residential business to introduce new e-commerce systems for our Allied® residential business and our North America Heatcraft® refrigeration business in 2017.
Investments like these, combined with the continued expansion of our distribution footprint, keep the company well-positioned to win in the market place now and for the future. In addition, with the company’s record cash generation and strong balance sheet, we continued to return cash to shareholders through competitive dividends and significant stock repurchases. The company established many new financial records in 2016, and we remain focused on taking company performance to new levels as we capitalize on end-market growth, capture market share, and continue to drive operational initiatives for higher profitability.
Todd M. Bluedorn
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 *For a reconciliation of 2016 GAAP and adjusted financials, refer to the company’s February 7, 2017 earnings release and financial statements available at www.lennoxintl.com.
