To Our Stockholders
todd m. Bluedorn richard l. thompson
Delivering strong earnings and cash flow performance in 2010, Lennox International is firmly positioned for success in growth markets with significant pent-up demand. Without exception, our end markets returned to growth in 2010— and we expect growth to continue in 2011.
We’re ready to take advantage. We introduced a host of major new products and made outstanding progress in enhancing our distribution and manufacturing. We have also aggressively reduced our cost structure and are well positioned for continued significant margin expansion. While continuing to make transformational investments in our business, we also are making strategic acquisitions in our core businesses, paying a competitive dividend, and repurchasing stock—including $144 million in 2010 and $700 million over the last four years.
Total company revenue for 2010 was $3.1 billion, up 9% from the prior year, including a positive 2 point impact from foreign exchange. Total segment profit margin was up 120 basis points to 7.0%. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations on a GAAP basis was $2.10, up 93% from $1.09 in the prior year.
Cash generated from operations for the year was $186 million. The company invested $46 million in capital assets, resulting in free cash flow of $140 million. Total debt as of December 31, 2010 was $319 million. Total cash and cash equivalents were $160 million ending the year.
Driven by our employees and our values, we will make the most of market opportunities by continued focus on our strategic priorities:
innovative product systems and solutions: We introduced a host of new products that won customer accolades and industry awards in 2010, including four Dealer Design awards from leading industry publication ACHR News—the most of any manufacturer. These products are also winning in the market with sales: 35% of our
Lennox International Inc.
2010 Annual Report 2.
       
                                                             revenue in 2010 came from products introduced in the past three years, up 10 percentage points from two years ago.
Expanding on our innovative solutions in refrigeration, we signed an agreement with The Manitowoc Company, Inc. in December to acquire substantially all the assets of its Kysor/Warren business. The $145 million acquisition was closed in January 2011. Kysor/Warren is a leading manufacturer of refrigerated systems and display cases for North American supermarkets. Our refrigeration subsystems, combined with Kysor/Warren’s systems and display cases, will provide complete solutions using the most advanced technologies to maximize energy efficiency.
manufacturing and sourcing excellence: We continued ramping up our 300,000-plus sq. ft. Saltillo, Mexico facility in 2010 and are on track to achieve an annual $20 million in savings exiting 2011. Our global sourcing strategy continues to provide significant savings, with our spending outside North America increasing from 15% to 40% over the past few years. We saved approximately $30 million in 2010 on top of $20 million in savings in 2009. We expect to achieve an incremental $30 million of savings in 2011.
Distribution excellence: Major progress continued on doubling our physical distribution locations in North America through a new regional distribution network. Six of eight planned regional distribution centers are in place, with all eight expected by the end of 2011. Sixty-two PartsPlusTM storefronts were in place by the end of 2010, with a total of 100 planned by the end of 2011 and 133 by the end of 2012. We expect a $25 million pre-tax benefit from this initiative in 2013.
geographic expansion: Our business outside North America improved from roughly breakeven in 2009 to a 4% operating margin in 2010. After realigning organizations and distribution, as well as restructuring our factories, we are confident this business is well positioned for growth and profitability.
Expense reduction: We have lowered our cost structure by $58 million over the last 4 years through restructuring actions around the world, and we expect additional savings in 2011. As markets continue to grow, we will benefit from leverage on our factory fixed cost, with room for significant growth in the coming years without adding factories. We will benefit from leverage on selling, general, and administrative expenses (SG&A) as we plan for these expenses to grow at half the rate of revenue growth on a long-term basis. And we are increasingly focused on other opportunities for productivity improvement with product platform cost reductions and enhanced freight and logistics operations.
After several challenging years for our industry, our end markets are expected to continue the growth they began in 2010. Thanks to our strong focus on reducing costs, making transformative investments, developing innovative products and enhancing our manufacturing and distribution, Lennox International is well positioned to take advantage of recovering markets and continue to build shareholder value.
todd m. Bluedorn richard l. thompson
Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
Lennox International Inc.
Innovation. Productivity. Performance. 3.
    