TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
 In 2015, our Residential and Commercial businesses set new records for revenue, margin and profit, and our Refrigeration business saw momentum in the second half of the year with strong growth in North America and significant margin expansion.
Overall for the company in 2015,
revenue was up 3 percent, includ- ing a negative 4 percentage point impact from foreign currency due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. Total segment profit rose 11 percent to a record $378 million, and total segment profit margin
expanded 80 basis points to a record 10.9 percent for the year.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $4.11 on a GAAP basis, compared to $4.28 in the prior year, including a total of $1.03 for non-cash impairment charges in the company’s Kysor/Warren refrigerated display case business and other special items in 2015.
Cash from operations was a record $331 million for the year. We continued to make transformational investments in the business, including $70 million in capital expenditures, as well as to return cash to shareholders. The company increased the dividend 20 percent in 2015 and paid a total of $59 million in dividends for the full year. In addition, the company’s $450 million accelerated share repurchase program that began in October 2014 was completed in November 2015.
2015 was a strong operational year for the company, led by our Residential business. With strength in both replacement and new construction, Residential revenue was up 8 percent as we outgrew the North American residential market. Foreign exchange had a negative 1 percentage point impact on Residential revenue growth. Residential segment profit rose 18 percent to a record $278 million, and Residential margin expanded 130 basis points to a record 14.9 percent.
Operationally in Residential, we continued to ramp up furnace production and sheet metal fabrication at our second manufacturing plant in Saltillo, Mexico. We realized $4 million of savings in 2015 and expect approximately $11 million more of savings in 2016. More than half of our Residential cooling and heating equipment is now produced at our Mexican plants. We expect an additional $5 million of savings in 2017 from the transfer of production for certain air handlers and fabricated parts.
We also continued to expand our distribution footprint in North America, opening an additional 25 Lennox PartsPlus stores to bring the total to 186 locations ending 2015. Over the last six years, we have expanded physical distribution by 240 percent in our Residential business. This expansion has
been a key to consistent market share gains by winning new contractor customers and providing service excellence to our existing customers. Over the last five years, we have improved on-time delivery by 60 percent and improved same-day fulfillment by 100 percent. We have improved inventory turns by 20 percent and distribution costs per dollar of revenue by 10 percent. Over the next five years, we are planning further expansion to more than 325 Lennox PartsPlus stores as we continue to focus on outgrowing the market and providing service excellence.
Beyond distribution, Lennox continued to make investments to further create differentiation in the market and support our contractors with comprehensive training, digital tools, and marketing – as well as with the most energy-efficient products in the market and smart control systems.
Our new iComfort® S30 control system, for example, enables a homeowner to use a smart device to monitor and adjust tempera- tures and schedules using the iComfort App. With the Schedule IQ feature, the S30 can be easily programmed once, and then whenever there is a change in routine, the thermostat adapts the heating and cooling to match. The Smart Away® Mode uses the GPS in a smartphone to detect when family members are away and automatically increases system efficiency. As they are on the way home, Smart Away can automatically return the system to a normal schedule and comfortable temperature. The Feels LikeTM feature creates the temperature a homeowner wants to feel, not just the temperature set – much like the “feels like” tempera- ture in a weather report. Factoring in the outdoor temperature, the indoor temperature and the indoor humidity, when the S30 is set at 72°F, it feels like a comfortable 72°F to the homeowner. Finally, the iComfort S30’s Allergen Defender technology monitors the air quality and pollen levels in the area and auto- matically manages the fan to clean the home’s air when outdoor levels are high. The iComfort S30 is just one example of the innovative products from Lennox International.
In our Commercial business in 2015, revenue was up 1 percent, including a negative 5 percentage point impact from foreign exchange. Commercial profit rose 5 percent to a record $130 million, and segment margin expanded 60 basis points to a record 14.7 percent.
In North America, commercial revenue grew at a mid single-digit rate in 2015. National account equipment revenue was down mid single-digits in a soft retail environment with customer push-outs of shipments. Lennox continued to win in the marketplace with 22 new national account customers as we advanced our leadership position with retailers and expand- ed further into hotels, restaurants, health and fitness centers, medical facilities, entertainment complexes, and schools. On the services side of national account business, revenue was up high single-digits for the year.
 
 In non-national account business, revenue was up double digits for the year. We continued to see success with our push into the emergency replacement market, where our revenue is up 35 percent over the last three years on the strength of our Raider product line-up, expanding distribution footprint, and new mobile digital tools for our dealers. Overall for 2015, we again gained market share in North America.
Since entering the VRF market in North America, we are also seeing traction in winning business in mid-rise buildings with stand-alone VRF systems or in a bundled solution with our unitary rooftop products. We see the VRF market growing double digits to $750 million over the next five years in North America, and while still early for us, we are targeting $100 million of VRF revenue.
In Europe commercial HVAC, we continued to see success in the region, although the strength of the U.S. dollar in 2015 created a significant foreign exchange headwind. Europe commercial HVAC revenue was up in local currency but down mid teens as reported, including a negative 18-point impact from foreign exchange.
In our Refrigeration business, the first half of the year was negatively impacted by $9 million of lower profitability than in the same period a year earlier before the mid-2014 repeal of the carbon tax on refrigerant in Australia. The first half was also impacted by customer delays in the ramp-up of major new business for refrigerated display cases at a large supermarket national account in North America. With those impacts behind us, Refrigeration profit was up 21 percent year-over-year in the second half, and margin expanded 190 basis points.
For the full year in Refrigeration, revenue was down 5 percent, including a negative 8 percentage point impact from foreign exchange. Refrigeration profit was down 5 percent, and segment margin was flat at 7.4 percent.
Refrigeration realized strong revenue growth in North America. Europe, South America, and Asia were up in local currency but down including the negative impact of foreign exchange, and Australia was down for the year.
The company took non-cash impairment charges of $32.6 million after-tax related to our Kysor/Warren refrigerated display case business in 2015. Kysor/Warren produced losses in 2015, but we expect improved profitability following a series of key initiatives focused on material cost reduction, lean manufacturing, product rationalization, new product development, sales talent, tools and process improvements, and expanded distribution.
Across all three of our businesses, the company continued to realize significant material cost reductions through global sourcing programs and engineering-led cost reductions –
increasingly leveraging the Lennox Asia Sourcing and Engineering Center (LASEC) in Shanghai and the Lennox India Technology Center (LITC) in Chennai. 2015 was another year of increased Research and Development investment to support the future growth of the company, and we continue to drive innovation, product quality, and productivity across the enterprise.
In closing, our two largest businesses – Residential and Commercial – delivered record revenue, margin and profit in 2015 and Refrigeration showed significant improvement in the second half of the year. With the company’s strong balance sheet and record cash generation in 2015, we continued to invest in the success of the business, raise the dividend, and repurchase stock. We remain focused on taking company performance to new record levels as we capitalize on growth in our end markets, capture additional market share, and drive operational initiatives for higher profitability.
Todd M. Bluedorn
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 