 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
>>>
    The benefits from our continued focus on productivity initiatives and key investments for growth were evident in 2012 as Lennox International showed strong performance and momentum despite uneven end market conditions.
Overall for the company, revenue was $2.9 billion, up 4% from the prior year, or up 5% excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations on a GAAP basis was $2.63, up 26% from $2.09 in the prior year. GAAP EPS was impacted by $3.6 million in net after-tax charges, primarily from restructuring activities as we continue to lower costs, increase productivity and best align business operations.
The company’s performance in 2012 was led by our Residential business, which significantly outperformed the North America residential market on share gains in replacement business and strong growth in new construction. Residential revenue was up 9%, and segment profit was up 17% for the year.
In the face of flat commercial markets in 2012, our Refrigeration and Commercial businesses had strong operational performance. With Refrigeration revenue flat at constant currency, or down 2% including the negative impact of foreign exchange, segment profit was up 6%. In our Commercial business, revenue was up 1%, or up 3% excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange, and segment profit grew 14%. Our Commercial business registered record profit margin at 12.7% for the year, up 140 basis points.
In 2012, we moved forward with plans to divest non-core businesses. In the second quarter, we announced the sale of
the Lennox Hearth Products business to a private investment firm. In the third quarter, we announced plans to sell Service Experts, a residential service business with 108 locations in North America. The sale was completed in the first quarter of 2013. The residential service business was part of our previous Service Experts business segment, which also included our commercial service business, Lennox National Account Services (NAS). NAS is now reported within our Commercial business segment, while both the Hearth and Service Experts businesses are reported in discontinued operations in 2012. Results for all periods in this annual report reflect our businesses from continuing operations—Residential Heating & Cooling, Commercial Heating & Cooling and Refrigeration.
The company had strong cash generation in 2012 with cash from operations of $221 million, up from $76 million in the prior year. We continued to make transformational investments in the business with $50 million of capital expenditures, and we returned cash to our stockholders through $48 million of dividends and $50 million of stock repurchases. With a strong balance sheet, the company remains well-positioned to evaluate acquisitions in our core businesses as well as advance our strategic initiatives.
Innovative Product Systems and Solutions – A great deal of the company’s momentum in 2012 resulted from our leadership in innovative product systems and solutions. New products introduced within the last three years accounted for approximately 45% of our sales in 2012. This product vitality level is up from approximately 20% in 2009. We continue to increase our investment in research and development as well as accelerate the pace of innovation by leveraging resources around the world, including our Lennox India Technology Center.
Most recently in Residential, we introduced the Ultimate Comfort SystemTM, the most advanced and efficient air conditioning, heating and air quality system ever created. In addition, our new iharmonyTM zoning system can be configured with our new icomfort Wi-Fi® to control the entire system by smartphone, tablet or computer for the most precise, efficient and comfortable heating and cooling in the home.
Our Commercial business signed up 29 new national accounts in 2012 as customers continue to select Lennox for our leading high-efficiency rooftops, Energence® and Strategos®, and our advanced Prodigy® controls. In the emergency replacement

market, we are excited about the launch of a new rooftop unit called RaiderTM that is designed to best meet the needs of that market segment, which accounts for approximately 45% of the North America rooftop market.
In Refrigeration, we continued to advance our leadership with the most energy-efficient products in the market. We continued to expand our high-efficiency STRATUS® line of refrigerated display cases that maximize merchandising visibility and capacity and offer 15% lower energy consumption than comparable products available in the market today and 30% lower than the previous generation of products installed in supermarkets.
“Lennox International... continued to make key investments in products, distribution and our people to position the company for continued momentum...”
Manufacturing and Sourcing Excellence – Our Saltillo, Mexico, manufacturing facility continued to ramp up production, with 30% growth in 2012 to 440,000 units, and now handles approximately 40% of our residential cooling products volume. In our global sourcing initiative, component purchases from low-cost countries have increased from 15% four years ago to approximately 45% today, and we are realizing significant savings on components at the same or better quality. In 2012, we moved forward with a new strategic sourcing office in Shanghai, China, to support our sourcing activities in Asia in 2013 and beyond.
Distribution Excellence – One of the keys to significant market share gains in our Residential business in 2012 is the success of our Lennox PartsPlusTM stores as we continue to grow sales at existing stores and open new stores in targeted locations in North America. We opened 32 of these wholesale stores in 2012 to end the year at 108 stores selling Lennox residential equipment, as well as parts, supplies and accessories needed by dealer-contractors. Current plans call for 136 stores by the end of 2013 and more than 215 locations longer term. We also are leveraging this expanded footprint to support our Commercial customers in North America. In addition, our Commercial business is adding distribution locations to support our growth in the emergency replacement market with our new
RaiderTM rooftop unit. From 11 distribution locations in 2011, we added 12 more in 2012, and currently plan nine more in 2013.
Geographic Expansion – In a highly uncertain global macroeconomic environment in 2012, our revenue outside of North America grew 2% at constant currency, led by strong double-digit growth in South America. Asia Pacific grew at a low single-digit rate, led by growth initiatives in our refrigeration wholesale business in Australia. Although impacted by the general slowdown in Europe, revenue in that region was still up slightly as we expanded our business eastward across the continent. Foreign exchange had a negative impact on reported revenue and profit in 2012, muting the solid operational performance.
Expense Reduction – In 2012, the company realized more than $25 million in savings from global sourcing programs and engineering-led cost reductions, and we expect an even greater level of savings in 2013. In SG&A, the company had higher incentive compensation as planned, due to performance targets being achieved or exceeded in 2012, compared to 2011 when incentive compensation was significantly lower. Long term, we continue to expect significant leverage from SG&A with growth targeted at less than half the rate of revenue growth.
In closing, Lennox International delivered strong earnings growth and cash generation in 2012 and continued to make key investments in products, distribution and our people to position the company for continued momentum in 2013 and strong long-term performance.
Todd M. Bluedorn
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
2012 ANNUAL REPORT
     Lennox displays innovative new products at the International Builders Show.
 3
