focus 1 on
commitment
To Our Shareholders
Lennox International looks back at 2004 as a successful year. We achieved success despite challenges in the climate control markets we serve—dominated by dramatic escalations in material costs, unfavorable cooling season weather, and continuing stagnant demand in Europe. It was also another very good year for LII shareholders, with our total return to shareholders exceeding 24%— the fourth straight year our returns significantly surpassed the broader market indices.
LII’s sales from continuing operations grew 7% in 2004 to $3.0 billion. We achieved record earnings before goodwill impairment of $91 million, a 5% increase from the prior year. Our $1.39 earnings per share, on the same basis, was up 2%. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), including the after-tax $185 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge the company recorded in the first quarter, LII reported a net loss from continuing operations of $93 million, or $1.56 per share. We generated cash from operating activities of continuing operations of $62 million and invested $40 million in capital expenditures, providing free cash flow from continuing operations of $22 million. We continued to strengthen our balance sheet, reducing our total debt by $52 million, and are well positioned to invest in growth opportunities.
  
 We achieved success despite challenges in the climate control markets we serve.
 Our manufacturing business segments performed extremely well in 2004. They more than offset $47 million in higher costs for steel, copper, aluminum and related components through improved manufacturing efficiency, cost reduction programs, and timely price increases. Despite cool summer weather that depressed replacement sales opportunities, our Residential Heating & Cooling segment achieved a 12% segment profit gain on 4% sales growth. Commercial Heating & Cooling continued to outperform the market with 14% sales growth and 35% higher segment profit. We grew our Refrigeration sales and improved profitability in every market we serve, achieving a 15% increase in revenue and an 18% increase in segment profit. Combined, our manufacturing businesses achieved 8% sales growth, a 16% gain in segment profit, and a segment profit margin of 10.8%.
Service Experts faced many operational challenges as we restructured this business to focus on service and replacement opportunities. While sales for the year were flat and the segment incurred a marginal loss, we are encouraged by a trend toward improved performance as the year progressed. We’re confident our initiatives to focus Service Experts on more profitable end markets and improve operating synergies across the dealer network are beginning to take effect.

In 2004, we also made enhancements to what is already a very strong executive leadership team at LII. We appointed Bill Stoll as our chief legal officer and Sue Carter as our chief financial officer, two seasoned executives with excellent track records and a wealth of experience. The appointment of Paul Schmidt, the corporate controller for General Motors, to our board of directors further demonstrates our commitment to strong leadership and governance.
We remain firmly committed to financial integrity. We take financial reporting to our shareholders seriously and always want to ensure they have the most accurate financial information possible. The completion of the previously reported investigation by the audit committee of our board of directors into accounting practices at our Service Experts operations in Canada, as well as the significant resources we have devoted to implementing Sarbanes-Oxley compliance programs, demonstrate our contin- uing dedication to providing complete and accurate information to investors.
Now we’re looking forward with optimism and excitement to 2005. After exiting five non-strategic businesses and closing five plants in the early part of this decade, we have a sharper strategic focus worldwide. This focus includes key initiatives in manufacturing operational excellence, innovation, growth, and the turnaround of our Service Experts business unit. We’re pleased to report we achieved significant successes in all four of these critical areas during 2004, and you can read many of the highlights in this report.
Looking ahead, our activities are on schedule to comply with the new National Appliance Energy Conservation Act 13 SEER industry standard that increases the minimum efficiency for residential air conditioners by 30 percent. Our company will be ready when the standard goes into effect in January of 2006. We’re excited about the potential in the growing indoor air quality market, where we already claim several leadership products, and the opportunities it presents to further enhance the indoor comfort of our end consumers. We’re bullish about the growth in our core equipment markets, particularly replacement sales opportunities for commercial heating and cooling equipment and global growth in commercial refrigeration systems. As we continue to challenge all of our 15,000 employees worldwide to realize LII’s full potential, they are responding with energy and enthusiasm.
In short, 2004 was a demanding but ultimately rewarding year for LII—thanks to our ability to closely focus on enhancing key areas of our performance, despite external market pressures, industry issues, and internal demands. That commitment and focus served us well in a year of exceptional challenge, and will continue to do so as we focus on realizing our full potential on behalf of our shareholders.
John W. Norris, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
3
  Robert E. Schjerven
Chief Executive Officer
  Robert E. Schjerven
Chief Executive Officer
John W. Norris, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
        