                 02
 To our stockholders,
2011 was a year of strong revenue and profit growth in our refrigeration and commercial businesses, while our residential businesses were adversely impacted by several North American market dynamics.
In our Commercial segment, revenue was up 12% and segment profit was up 15%. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue was up 46%, including the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition that we closed in mid January, or up 7% excluding the acquisition. Refrigeration segment profit was up 26%.
In challenging residential market conditions, Residential segment revenue was down 5% and profit was down 43%. Based on industry data, North American residential unit shipments were up for a second consecutive year, but the U.S. market was down approximately 7% in dollar terms. The decline was driven by a significantly lower product mix without the $1,500 federal tax credit for high-efficiency equipment in place and with the re- emergence through a regulatory loophole of minimum-efficiency condensing units based on the old R-22 refrigerant. While Lennox International fully participated in the R-22 market, we continued to work with other companies and the federal government to have the regulatory loophole closed. The R-22 issue and absence of the $1,500 high-efficiency federal tax credit also contributed to fewer
complete HVAC system sales and a significant decline in furnace shipments for us and the industry overall in 2011. Our residential service business was impacted by the same dynamics as in our residential equipment business. Service Experts revenue was down 10% and the segment was slightly profitable for the year.
More broadly, 2011 presented challenges from commodity headwinds running ahead of price increases, a fragile consumer environment, high unemployment levels, weak housing values, single-family home starts at the lowest level on record, and the overhang from the European sovereign debt crisis.
Overall for the company, revenue was $3.3 billion for the full year. Revenue was up 7%, including the impact of the Kysor/ Warren acquisition, or flat excluding the acquisition. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations on a GAAP basis was $1.65 compared to $2.10 in the prior year. GAAP EPS was impacted by a $9.5 million after-tax charge for asset and goodwill impairment in our Hearth business in the fourth quarter. Highly dependent on the new construction market, Hearth was in a loss position in 2011. The Hearth business, which includes fireplaces, stoves, and ventilation equipment, is non-core to our business portfolio, and we announced in early 2012 that we were pursuing strategic alternatives for this business. GAAP
Todd M. Bluedorn
ÒAgainst the cross-currents of 2011, we continued to make transformational investments and advance our strategic initiatives. The company is well positioned and Future Ready Ð for 2012 and beyond.Ó

                 EPS was also impacted by $10.6 million after-tax in restructuring charges as we continue to align our business operations and footprint globally, lower costs, and increase productivity. The company has realized more than $60 million in restructuring savings over the last 5 years, and we expect an additional $10 million in savings from current projects in 2012.
Although 2011 was a challenging year, we continued to make transformational investments in the business and return cash to shareholders through $36 million in dividends and $120 million of share repurchases. We also continued to advance our strategic initiatives to position the company for faster growth and higher profitability.
Innovative Product Systems and Solutions Ð We continued to lead the charge in innovative product systems and solutions in 2011. To cite a few examples, Lennox offers the first and only residential and commercial HVAC systems directly integrated with solar power. The unique technology in our SunSource¨ line of products is now available in commercial rooftop units, as well as in residential air conditioners and heat pumps. The Kysor/Warren business realized strong double-digit revenue growth in 2011 on the strength of its new STRATUS¨ line of refrigerated display cases, which reduce energy consumption as much as 30% from the past generation of products installed in supermarkets and 15% more than other products available in the market today. We are advancing our innovation leadership and pace of development around the clock with our new Lennox India Technology Center, supporting new HVAC products and the next generation of controls. We are especially excited about our new icomfort Wi-FiTM communicating controller Ð as advanced yet simple and easy to use as the latest smartphones and tablets. The icomfortTM app even enables consumers to monitor and control their HVAC system from these wireless devices. Dealers are excited because it helps them install a system much faster and eliminates errors. A consumer can also have a dealer monitor the HVAC system for regular maintenance needs as well as take advantage of the prognostic and diagnostic capabilities of the icomfort Wi-FiTM controller.
Manufacturing and Sourcing Excellence Ð Our world-class facility in Saltillo, Mexico, continues to be a winner across the board - product quality, productivity, and safety. In 2011, LII United Products increased production 17% to more than 340,000 units - handling one-third of our cooling products volume. We plan to ramp up production further in 2012. On the sourcing front, we continued to expand our sourcing initiative from low-cost countries to approximately 45% of our component purchases and are realizing equal or improved quality at significant savings.
Distribution Excellence Ð The new Regional Distribution Centers (RDCs) and Lennox PartsPlusTM stores for our Lennox residential business are supporting our growth initiatives and market share gains, improving service levels, and reducing costs as a percentage of sales. At the end of 2011, we had 7 of 8 planned RDCs up and running and 76 PartsPlusTM stores open, with further expansion to come.
Geographic Expansion Ð Our revenue outside of North America grew 11% in 2011 to $560 million with margin expanding to 5%, up from 1% just two years ago. We realized strong double- digit growth rates in Europe, South America, and Asia. Australia was down slightly on a slower economy and our strategic exit of the third-party coil business.
Expense Reduction Ð Given challenging residential market conditions in 2011, the company overall maintained a tight focus on costs and continued to drive productivity initiatives. Selling, General & Administrative costs were down 4% for the year, even with the SG&A expenses added as part of the Kysor/Warren acquisition. The company realized further savings from restructuring initiatives, global sourcing programs, and engineering-led cost reductions, including greater use of alternative materials, like substituting less- expensive aluminum for copper, while still maintaining the high Lennox standard of quality. We expect significant savings from these initiatives in 2012 as well.
In closing, Lennox navigated the challenges of the residential market in 2011 while commercial and refrigeration markets continued their recovery path and these businesses realized a second consecutive year of strong revenue and profit growth. Against the cross-currents of 2011, we continued to make transformational investments and advance our strategic initiatives. The company is well positioned and Future Ready Ð for 2012 and beyond.
03
 Todd M. Bluedorn
Chairman of the Board* and Chief Executive Officer
* Chairman of the Board effective at the conclusion of the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
