 To Our Stockholders
Competing in challenging markets, Lennox International delivered solid earnings and outstanding cash flow performance in 2009. We continued to reduce our cost structure while making trans- formational investments in the business. Building on our heritage of innovation, we introduced an exciting array of industry-leading new products. We also made excellent progress on expanding our North American distribution. Armed with a strong balance sheet, a portfolio of highly innovative new products and a growing distribution network, we are participating in early cycle markets with significant pent-up demand—and are well positioned to take advantage as our markets recover.
Total company revenue was $2.8 billion, down 17% from the prior year, including a negative one point impact from
Todd M. Bluedorn
Richard L. Thompson
   Manufacturing and sourcing excellence: Over the past two years, we have reduced the number of our factories from 28 to 18 and decreased our global manufacturing footprint by 2.7 million sq. ft. We moved more production to our 325,000 sq. ft. factory in Saltillo, Mexico in 2009, closing our facility in Blackville, South Carolina. Continuing to extend our global supply chain and qualify the best suppliers, our material spend outside the U.S. and Canada increased to 25% in 2009, with savings of $20 million.
geographic expansion: The refrigeration business in China remains our single largest international growth opportunity,
 three
 two
LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC.
  foreign exchange. Segment profit margin was down 190 basis points to 5.8%. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.09 compared to $2.12 in the prior year.
Our 2009 cash flow performance was excellent. Cash generated from operations for the year was $225 million. We invested approximately $58 million in capital assets, resulting in free cash flow of $167 million, up 38% from the prior year. Total debt as of December 31, 2009 was $232 million, down $189 million from a year ago. Total cash and cash equivalents were $124 million ending the year.
We expect our end markets to continue their recovery in 2010—and we are ready to take advantage by continued focus on our strategic priorities, supported by our values and employees worldwide:
Innovative product and system solutions: From the SunSourceTM Home Energy System which harnesses solar power for heating, cooling and beyond, to our new icomfort TouchTM residential controls system, to our new gas furnace platform featuring a compact, appliance-like design, we are leading our industry in innovative approaches to home comfort. Our EnergenceTM Commercial rooftop line exceeds new efficiency minimums by up to 30%. We are expanding the uses for our exclusive HypercoreTM microchannel coil technology, which reduces the condenser refrigerant charge by up to 70%.
Distribution excellence: To drive customer service and market share gains, we made rapid progress in our multi-year initiative to double our distribution locations across North America, significantly increasing our same day/next day service levels. Early operational performance is tracking ahead of expectations, with completion on target for 2012. Effectively leveraging scale to compete locally, Service Experts has implemented an enterprise-wide operating system, a national call center, consistent standards of excellence, and field automation to enhance productivity.
with estimates for the China cold storage market showing threefold growth over the next 10 years. Continuing to localize our products, we doubled the size of our Wuxi, China manufacturing facility in 2009 to 100,000 sq. ft., including a global R&D center. China will not be material to our results in 2010, but we remain very excited about its growth potential.
Expense reduction: We have decreased our salaried headcount by 20% over the past two years, including a 13% reduction in 2009. Combined with our factory rationalization initiatives, we have lowered our cost structure more than $50 million since 2007, with $25 million coming in 2009.
Innovation at every level—from industry-leading new products, to distribution, manufacturing, sourcing, and other key areas—is driving an exciting future for Lennox International. As the markets recover, we have laid a strong foundation for success. Through that same spirit of innovation, we will continue to strengthen our balance sheet, sustain and expand our premium position, and drive new growth and value for our stockholders.
   Todd M. Bluedorn Chief Executive Officer
Richard L. Thompson Chairman of the Board
