operations through the acquisition of two salvage yards in Ontario. They will support our efforts to build a network of salvage facilities in eastern Canada, similar to what we enjoy in the U.S. During the year, we also expanded into the heavy-duty truck recycled parts business, an industry that we believe has similar attributes to the recycled automotive parts business. The recycled truck parts industry is highly fragmented, comprised of small business owners, most with limited ability to fund inventory growth, and in general, operating without the benefit of management systems that have supported our success in the recycled auto parts industry. Our truck parts acquisitions provide operational coverage in Houston, Chicago, Quebec City and Toledo. In addition to parts sales, we offer secure end-of-life disposal capabilities, often an issue for specialty truck fleets. Over time, we hope to build a small, but nationwide network of locations that will sell recycled heavy-duty truck parts and decommissioned vehicles.

The desire for insurance companies and consumers to reduce severity and contain costs remained strong in 2008 and helped drive the growth of alternative parts. Our revenue from recycled and related products and services grew 23% as compared to 2007. Comparing revenue on a pro forma basis as if we had owned Keystone Automotive Industries during all of 2007, our 2008 revenue from aftermarket, other new and refurbished products grew at a slower rate than our revenue from recycled and related products and services. Nevertheless, our revenue increased in both categories in 2008 even though insurers reported declines in claims for automobile collision repairs.

DOING OUR PART FOR THE ENVIRONMENT
LKQ has been on the forefront of the recycling industry to implement "green" practices that minimize pollution and find alternative uses for automobile parts. Many of our recycled and self-service facilities have received the designation of being a Green Yard from their local or state environmental governing bodies.

BUILDING ON OUR STRENGTHS
The acquisition of Keystone in late 2007 made us the leading supplier of aftermarket collision parts to the automotive body repair industry and nearly doubled our size. Combining the strengths of the two companies enables us to deliver value in the form of better availability to our customers. Our "one call" strategy, combining recycled and aftermarket collision parts businesses, reflects our commitment to our customers: "Any Part. Any Repair. Anywhere."

LOOKING TO THE FUTURE
While the auto industry and consumer driving habits continue to undergo change, we are confident in our strategic direction. The year 2008 was a turbulent time for many, yet we realized solid revenue and earnings growth. We are optimistic about the prospects for 2009 as we build upon the positive momentum we created this year. Alternative parts play an increasingly important role in providing cost effective, environmentally sensitive solutions for the repair of collision damage and the replacement of mechanical parts. As we move forward, we believe our strategy is sound and will deliver strong results for all of our stockholders.

INTEGRATING KEYSTONE
Throughout 2008, we worked diligently to combine our recycled and aftermarket businesses. This resulted in not only better customer service but created the foundation to support future growth through the elimination of redundancies and unnecessary costs. While we originally anticipated this integration to take several years, the hard work of our 9,600 team members allowed us to successfully complete the majority of the work in only one year.

Sincerely,

GROWING THROUGH ACQUISITION
We made a major addition to our self-service operations with the acquisition of Pick-Your-Part, one of the largest independent operators remaining in the U.S., with nine yards in California. In the fourth quarter, we successfully expanded our Canadian

Left: Joseph M. Holsten, President & CEO; Center: Donald F. Flynn, Chairman; Right: Mark T. Spears, Executive Vice President & CFO

