DeaR fellOW shaRehOlDeRs:
For L-3, 2012 was a year of excellent performance on our key programs, sharp strategic focus on the changing environment, important business wins and market share gains. We significantly transformed the company to better address today’s realities and emerge better positioned for the future.
 Strong performance in a tough induStry cycle
L-3 posted solid financial results in 2012, despite the current defense industry environment. We delivered consolidated net sales of $13.1 billion, which was unchanged compared to 2011. This reflects a 15 per- cent increase in commercial and international sales, offsetting lower sales to DoD and U.S. government customers. We grew diluted earnings per share (EPS) by 2 percent to $8.01 compared with 2011’s $7.82, before 2011 items of $0.26, and generated very strong free cash flow of $1,050 million for the year.
Despite fiscal uncertainties, L-3’s business expanded in several key areas. Orders increased by 7 percent year-over-year, resulting in a funded backlog of $10.9 billion—a 10 percent increase over 2011. Similarly, our book-to-bill ratio of 1.05 compares favorably with last year’s 0.98.
Balanced allocation of capital
to deliver value
L-3’s disciplined cash deployment throughout 2012 underscores our continuing commitment
to enhancing shareholder value. Our approach balances strategic investment in research and development with key acquisitions, modest debt reduction and meaningful returns for our investors through increased dividends and share repurchases.
In 2012, L-3 paid $195 million in dividends— reflecting our eighth consecutive annual per share dividend increase. We repurchased $872 million of L-3 common stock, underscoring our confidence in the company’s future and contributing to our EPS performance. In early 2013, L-3’s board approved a sixth share repurchase program, authorizing the purchase of up to an additional $1.5 billion of the company’s common stock through June 30, 2015.
L-3 2012 AnnuAL RepoRt 1

2
L-3 2012 AnnuAL RepoRt
Together, dividends and stock repurchases totaled more than $1 billion, exceeding the free cash flow we generated in 2012.
We also strengthened our balance sheet by reducing our outstanding long-term debt by $500 million.
a diSciplined approach to reShaping our BuSineSS
In 2012, L-3 successfully completed the spin-off of Engility Holdings, Inc. to L-3’s shareholders. This transaction was completed on schedule. The spin-off enabled L-3 to strengthen our competitive posi- tion and improve our financial performance. It also reduced L-3’s exposure to the troop drawdowns in Iraq and Afghanistan and eliminated organizational conflict of interest issues. We also continued to aggressively reduce operating costs and increase
our cost competitiveness.
L-3 maintained its disciplined and highly discrimi- nating approach to acquisitions, focusing exclusively on businesses that align with our growth strategies, add new products or technologies, deliver attractive returns on investment, or increase our commercial and international sales.
In the first quarter of 2012, we completed the acquisition of the Kollmorgen Electro-Optical (KEO) unit of Danaher Corporation. KEO’s advanced electro-optical/infrared (EO/IR) submarine photon- ics and periscope systems increase our presence on strategically important DoD programs, such as the Virginia-class submarine, expand our international business and provide growth opportunities in an area that we expect will remain a funding priority in the years ahead. We also acquired the commercial aircraft simulation business of Thales Group. This transaction
created a new entity, Link UK, that complements our existing world-class military simulation and training capabilities with an established commercial aircraft simulation business and elevates L-3’s standing among global training providers.
In addition to reshaping our business and winning key competitions, we also enhanced our board of directors by welcoming General (Ret.) Lloyd W. Newton. General Newton brings broad experience that includes a distinguished 34-year military career and 13 years as an accomplished executive in the private sector. With his extraordinary leadership skills and industry knowledge, he is a valuable addition to our board.
Well-Balanced BuSineSS driving
our reSultS
The diversity of L-3’s business mix is a key driver of our success. Our footprint is broad, diverse and focused on the areas of highest customer priority. This enables us to occupy leading positions in
the majority of our markets, providing a strong foundation for future growth.
Our most diverse business segment, Electronic Systems, had a number of key wins in 2012. The U.S. Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) awarded L-3 a contract for its next-generation Binocular Night Vision Device, the smallest, lightest and best-performing product of its kind. We are also a leading supplier of SATCOM terminals for military and international customers, and our Very Small Aperture Terminals (VSATs) were selected by USSOCOM to provide Special Operations Forces with worldwide communications connectivity. In addition, our production contract for modems and SATCOM technology on the U.S. Army’s Warfighter Information Network-Tactical (WIN-T) program

keeps soldiers connected in-theater. To date, L-3
has received orders for more than 1,500 ruggedized modems and over 600 SATCOM antennas in support of WIN-T.
L-3’s U.S. Navy business is equally diverse. In 2012, we were selected to provide hybrid-electric drives for the Navy’s Arleigh Burke-class destroyer, representing a strategic win that has potential application across
a variety of military and commercial vessels, and our EO/IR systems and sensors continue to be in strong demand for air, ground and maritime applications.
the diversity of l-3’s business mix is a key driver of our success. our footprint is broad, diverse and focused on the areas of highest customer priority.
L-3’s Electronic Systems figures prominently in our commercial growth strategy. China’s fast-growing Spring Airlines selected L-3’s flight simulators for pilot training, an important step in establishing
our presence in the global civil aircraft simulation and training marketplace. We were also awarded a contract to supply displays, processors and software for the Honeywell Multifunction Control Display Unit Redesign. This program will upgrade technology on Boeing, Airbus, Gulfstream and Cessna aircraft platforms, reflecting L-3’s strategic expansion into commercial cockpit displays.
Additionally, L-3 holds a leading market position in scanning equipment for cargo, baggage, personnel and airport checkpoints in the United States and overseas. Our ProVision® Automatic Target Detection (ATD) image-free threat detection system continued to gain international market share in 2012, receiving
European certification and orders from Canada,
the U.K., Italy, Australia, and several nations in
the Middle East and South America. L-3’s newly introduced ProVision 2 offers the same safe, efficient and effective detection capabilities in a reduced footprint, making it ideal for smaller airports and other public safety applications worldwide.
With 2012 sales up 3 percent year-over-year, L-3’s C3ISR business grew steadily on continued demand for airborne ISR, network communications, and specialized security and encryption products. Dur- ing the year, we continued to see order activity for communications and data link systems for Predator, Global Hawk and Gray Eagle unmanned platforms, as well as for our ROVER full-motion video receivers and support services.
L-3’s specialized ISR aircraft integration capabilities earned us important new and follow-on contract awards from the U.S. and foreign militaries. The modification of the first of three AIRSEEKER aircraft for the U.K. Ministry of Defence’s Rivet Joint air surveillance fleet is on track for completion in 2013, ahead of schedule and on budget. In 2012, we began work on the second AIRSEEKER aircraft. Throughout the year, L-3 conducted successful demonstrations of SPYDR, our next-generation small, manned airborne ISR platform. SPYDR’s technologies are generating strong interest from our domestic and international customers, and we have already begun to sell these capabilities as enhance- ments to existing fleets. We see sales continuing over the coming years as the demand for our advanced, proven SPYDR technologies increases.
L-3’s largest 2012 contract award came in our AM&M segment. We won an important recompetition to
  L-3 2012 AnnuAL RepoRt 3

provide maintenance and logistics support for more than 600 rotary-wing aircraft for the U.S. Army
at Fort Rucker, Alabama. This key win occurred in
a highly competitive marketplace and represents approximately $2 billion in revenue over the next five years. L-3 further increased its market share
and leadership in systems sustainment with a num- ber of contractor logistics support wins, including sustainment support for the Navy EA-18G, as well as P-3C upgrades and maintenance. We also improved our processes in support of the Navy’s fleet of P-3, EP-3 and NP-3 aircraft, returning aircraft to service 43 percent faster than ever before. In 2012, L-3 expanded into the DoD ground equipment mainte- nance market with a new Logistics Support Services contract for the U.S. Army at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, and an Enhanced Army Global Logistics Enterprise basic ordering agreement award.
the current geopolitical landscape reflects continued instability around the world.
as these global threats escalate and change, l-3 is strategically well-positioned to support our nation.
L-3 is regarded as a leader in the VIP aircraft sector. We are continuing our customization of a Boeing 747-8 for a Head of State and will be among the first modification centers in the world to deliver this aircraft in a VIP configuration. In 2012, we received a second 747-8 modification contract for another customer. L-3’s unique capabilities and reputation in this niche market position us well for new business pursuits.
L-3’s National Security Solutions (NSS) segment provides a diverse set of skills and capabilities to meet
the growing demand for cyber operations, enterprise and mission IT, intelligence operations support and operational infrastructure solutions for federal and international customers. Throughout 2012, in an environment defined by competitive multi-award contracts, L-3 strategically positioned itself to win
a number of large contract vehicles with long-term significance, such as a cybersecurity development contract for the Air Force, an Army contract for tactical advanced communications systems and an intelligence analysis contract for the U.S. govern- ment. L-3 was also selected to perform a two-year intelligence support contract for U.S. forces in Afghanistan and won an important recompetition of an integration contract to provide communications and public safety wireless radios to the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority. In addition, L-3 partnered with the British government on Project SKYSIREN, an award-winning integrated broadcast service connecting all branches of the U.K. military.
L-3 continued its long-standing relationship with academic institutions by establishing the NSS Solutions Center in conjunction with Virginia Tech. This center will foster innovation and technical excellence in the development of leading-edge cyber solutions. L-3’s partnership with several leading universities, including the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University of Maryland and the Poly- technic Institute of New York University, will speed the development and delivery of innovative national security technologies and solutions for our customers.
dedicated to our communitieS
Our commitment to operating with integrity and accountability includes supporting the communities where we live and work. As a top contractor in the aerospace and defense sector, L-3 is proud to
  4
L-3 2012 AnnuAL RepoRt

be part of an industry that represents more than two million jobs in our local communities and is a major employer of former military personnel.
Veterans’ issues have always been important at L-3, evidenced by our membership in the Employer Part- nership of the Armed Forces and our ongoing support of Homes for Our Troops and the Wounded Warrior Project. We also work to promote education and diversity in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) through board participation and research partnerships with other interested organizations. L-3’s employees also participate in volunteer programs around the world. We are committed to making a positive impact in many diverse communities.
L-3 was proud to be selected as one of 15 recipients of the 2012 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award, recognizing “exceptional support of the U.S. National Guard and their families, and steadfast dedication to national defense.” Honors such as these reflect L-3’s dedication to supporting those who defend our nation and keep us safe.
prepared to meet the challenge
The current geopolitical landscape reflects continued instability around the world. As these global threats escalate and change, L-3 is strategically well-posi- tioned to support our nation. We continue to manage the defense down cycle by focusing on DoD high- priority initiatives, expanding our prime contractor positions and increasing our commercial and interna- tional business. We are deploying capital effectively to generate returns for our shareholders and capitalize on emerging opportunities. We will also continue
to proactively manage our costs and make the invest- ments necessary to deliver affordable and innovative solutions for our customers. L-3’s strengths include
our agility, our balanced business mix, our flexible cost structure and our ability to generate significant free cash flow—all of which make us well-prepared to perform in any environment.
our commitment to operating with integrity and accountability includes supporting the communities where we live and work.
At the end of the day, our strength comes from our people. We are an organization of innovators, with an experienced management team and dedicated employees who take pride in our reputation for superior program execution. We are focused on
our customers’ needs and committed to the highest ethical standards. By continuing to work together and adhering to our strategy, I am confident that L-3 will emerge from today’s challenges stronger and ready to take advantage of the future’s opportunities.
Sincerely,
Michael T. Strianese Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   L-3 2012 AnnuAL RepoRt 5
