Dear Fellow Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that 2010 was another year of record financial performance thanks to the successful efforts of our hard-working employees.
soldier systems business to create the Warrior Systems sector, we increased our ever-expanding market share in this area. The addition of Airborne Technologies, Inc. complements L-3’s Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) business by adding key platforms and components in
the small expendable UAS area; and 3Di Technologies, a leading innovator in secure satellite and VoIP communica- tions, strengthens our position as a complete end-to-end SATCOM solutions provider. Finally, our acquisition
of FUNA International, a supplier of control, safety, communications and entertainment systems for the marine industry, provides cross-marketing opportunities.
One of L-3’s greatest assets is our ability to leverage our businesses to achieve our customers’ goals in ways that many of our competitors find challenging. We have successfully combined our systems integration capabilities with our state- of-the-art technologies, as well as logistics, training and other services, to provide complete solutions for major programs, such as the Rivet Joint and Expeditionary Unmanned Air- craft System (EUAS). Our integrated, collaborative approach has also resulted in newly developed solutions offered to our customers at a lower cost, including the MobiusTM UAS and ground station, and our Ruggedized Command and Control Network land vehicle system. We will continue to collaborate on other significant programs in 2011.
Project Liberty is a perfect example of our integration strategy in action. L-3 performed at the highest quality level, under budget and significantly ahead of schedule. The C3ISR integration capabilities demonstrated on Project Liberty, coupled with our exemplary cost and schedule performance, make us a leader in the field and position us for more key contract awards. In recognition of L-3’s Project Liberty efforts, we were nominated for the Robert J. Collier Trophy for the most significant aeronautical achievement
of 2010. L-3 was also recently honored with the John
W. Dixon Award for its outstanding contributions to national defense by a member of the industrial community. I accepted the award on behalf of L-3’s employees who made this happen. Their dedication and commitment
give me confidence that we will maintain our outstanding program performance.
C3ISR continues as one of the company’s core growth drivers. As an innovator in this field, we work closely with our customers to constantly improve and expand our capa- bilities. During the year, we were selected as the lead inte- grator on the U.K.’s AIRSEEKER ISR aircraft program as part of a Foreign Military Sales agreement between the U.S.
One of L-3’s greatest assets is our ability to leverage our businesses to achieve our customers’ goals.
and U.K. governments. AIRSEEKER, the U.K.’s Nimrod R-1 replacement, is a complete capability and support solu- tion that includes aircraft modification, training systems, equipment maintenance and future system upgrades. We have already begun modification work on the first of three aircraft for this program at our facilities in Texas. The AIR- SEEKER program represents a new level of collaboration between the U.K. and U.S. in intelligence gathering.
Opportunities also continue for our AM&M business. Our state-of-the-art solutions can be used on new platforms, or to retrofit and upgrade existing ones, which gives us limited exposure to major platform cancellations. We recently were awarded the Army C-12 logistics support contract, an important competitive win for L-3. We also continue to see new activity in our aircraft modification business, with the award of a major 747-8 upgrade contract for a foreign head of state.
Despite a tougher business environment, our Gov- ernment Services segment continues to focus on building customer relationships, and has made important gains in the cybersecurity and information technology (IT) areas. L-3 was recently awarded a significant classified intelligence IT support contract, and we are investing in a new Network Operations and Security Center to support further growth in this arena.
   Company-wide sales in 2010 were a record $15.7 billion, up from $15.6 billion in 2009, and we achieved a book-to-bill ratio of 1.04 to 1, despite several program and funding delays. Operating income was $1.8 billion, up 6 percent, and we reported record earnings per share for the year of $8.25 on a diluted basis, compared with 2009’s $7.61, an 8 percent increase.
We generated strong cash flow in 2010. Net cash from operating activities was $1.46 billion, and free cash flow grew by 5 percent to $1.29 billion compared to last year. We used a disciplined approach to cash deployment with a focus on shareholder value. Over $1 billion was returned to our shareholders through the repurchase of $834 million of stock and $184 million in dividends. In 2010, our dividend increased to $.40 per share, the sixth consecutive increase, representing a compound annual growth rate of 26 percent since we initiated a dividend in 2004. We anticipate repur-
chasing at least $500 million in company stock in 2011, as well as continuing to invest in our operations to accelerate growth, enhance our capabilities and expand our address- able markets both organically and through acquisitions.
The company strengthened its balance sheet in 2010 by improving the maturity profile and reducing interest costs on our outstanding debt. Specifically, we issued $800 million of 4.75% senior notes maturing in 2020 and used the net proceeds, along with cash on hand, to redeem $800 million in 61/8% senior subordinated notes due in 2013 and 2014.
L-3 also executed four important acquisitions in 2010 that align with our business model and contribute to
our long-term vision. These negotiated transactions were immediately accretive to L-3’s earnings.
We completed our acquisition of Insight Technology,
a leader in mission-critical night vision and electro-optical equipment. By aligning Insight with our existing integrated
2 L-3 2010 Annual Report
3

Our Electronic Systems segment includes market-lead- ing technologies, such as airborne and soldier-based EO/IR products, avionics, simulators and airport security systems. We expanded our industry-leading simulation and training expertise into the widebody aircraft market with the award of a C-17 training systems and services contract. In addi-
Our lean and efficient operations align
with the DoD’s goals.
tion, L-3’s unique combination of SATCOM technology and responsiveness resulted in the award of the PantherTM VSAT manpack contract for the U.S. Special Operations Command’s (USSOCOM) SDN-Lite program.
On the security front, our ProVision® system is deployed in 40 airports across the country and effectively and safely screens passengers under the TSA’s direction. We are making solid progress on the next generation of screening systems, which utilizes software-driven Auto- matic Target Detection (ATD) technology with image-free analysis that eliminates privacy concerns. ProVision ATD has been in use for more than a year internationally and
is currently undergoing testing at airports across the coun- try. We anticipate TSA certification and contract awards throughout 2011.
L-3 embraces the Department of Defense’s (DoD) five-year spending plan and corresponding efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives. We are constantly working to deliver greater value to our customers, and our lean and efficient operations align with the DoD’s goals. Most of the major program cuts that have been announced will have little or no impact on L-3’s business. Moreover, the government’s announced savings will likely be utilized to
invest in areas of L-3’s core strengths—C3ISR, intelligence support, EO/IR sensors, logistics support, platform upgrades and counter-terrorism initiatives. Accordingly, we are confident that our business model and approach support long-term growth.
Our business strategy includes expansion of L-3’s presence in key international markets. We see additional opportunities across our business segments in C3ISR, mari- time systems, training, simulators, aircraft modification, EO/IR products, and security and detection systems.
L-3’s reputation is built on our innovative technologies, strong customer focus and ethical culture. Our status as both a prime and subcontractor affords us the flexibility to pursue a wide array of opportunities. This ability, com- bined with strong program performance, demonstrates the effectiveness of our long-term strategic initiatives and vision. We will also continue to evaluate and reshape our portfolio of businesses to most effectively address customer priorities and promote growth.
Our business course is clear. While the environment is challenging, L-3 will remain efficient and competitive, continuing to support our customers’ requirements and building long-term shareholder value.
I look forward to a successful 2011. Sincerely,
Michael T. Strianese
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Special Note: On behalf of the entire corporation, I would like to thank General (Ret.) John M. Shalikashvili for his more than 12 years of distinguished service as a member of our Board of Directors. John will retire in April 2011 to become Director Emeritus, where he will continue to advise L-3 in a consulting role.
   4 L-3 2010 Annual Report
 Agile
efficiently, competitively and effectively.
The strengths and structure
Collaborative
to meet our customers’ critical needs
Focused
5
