 Dear Shareholders:
The year 2004 was a time of extraordinary heroism, challenge and sacrifice for US and coalition forces. In Iraq, the coalition continued its efforts to build peaceful conditions and defeat pockets of terrorists and insurgents. The coalition battled successfully in difficult urban environments and continued to build the infrastructure of Iraq needed to ensure the country’s future. A most remarkable achievement was the first free election in Iraq’s history in January 2005 and the birth of democracy within the nation.
At the same time, the Department of Defense (DoD) is moving to transform its capabilities and strategies to face today’s world order. This landscape differs significantly from the traditional Cold War chal- lenges wherein the US national strategy was characterized by a con- cern about the bipolar nature of the world and its attendant demands. With recognition of asymmetrical threats facing the US and its allies, the DoD has identified four broad threats that the US will continue to face in the future. Known as the “four-way matrix,” these threats include irregular, catastrophic, disruptive and traditional challenges.
A transformational strategy to cope with these threats has been initiat- ed and will be developed and resourced by the DoD in its planning doc- umentation – the Quadrennial Defense Review (QDR) due in the begin- ning of 2006. This review will shape the defense capabilities in the years to come.
In 2004, the Bush administration initiated a national strategy for homeland security focusing on a number of key areas, including nation- al joint intelligence and warning, border and transportation security, maritime security, domestic counterterrorism, crisis management, emergency preparedness and response, protection of critical infrastruc- ture and national assets and defending against catastrophic threats. Any disruption in commerce, transportation, power and maritime activities can cause a major economic impact to the US and its inter- national partners. It is anticipated that the Bush administration will ensure the implementation of this strategy to safeguard the nation and resource the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to an increased level of funding.
L-3’s employees, systems, products and services play a significant role in assisting the US military and its civilian protectors in their efforts. There is no greater honor than to help those who put their lives on the line for others and L-3 employees take great pride in the work they do to support the safety and security of the nation’s protectors with the best available products and systems.
Strong Results
This also was a year in which L-3 continued exceeding its business and financial goals. Sales grew to $6,897.0 million from $5,061.6 million in 2003, a 36.3% increase. Organic sales growth for L-3’s defense businesses increased by 16.3% versus 2003 and 15.1% for all of L-3.
In 2004, operating income rose 28.8% to $748.6 million, increasing from $581.0 million in 2003. Diluted earnings per share for 2004 rose 27.1% to $3.33, from $2.62 in 2003.
L-3 recorded $552.1 million in free cash flow, compared to $377.0 million in 2003, an increase of 46.4%. L-3 concluded the year with $653.4 million of cash on hand. On March 9, 2005, L-3 entered into a new five-year senior credit facility that allows for total aggregate bor- rowings of up to $1.0 billion.
L-3 had a record year in orders, receiving $7,563.7 million in funded orders from all of the company’s major business areas. Backlog was $4,757.9 million at December 31, 2004.
At the close of the year 2004, L-3 had a very strong balance sheet. The company’s debt to book capitalization decreased to 36.1% at December 31, 2004, compared to 48.1% at December 31, 2003. Additionally, in January 2005, Standard and Poor’s upgraded L-3’s senior debt rating to BBB-, an investment grade rating.
In 2004, L-3 was also selected by Standard & Poor’s for inclusion in its flagship stock market index – the S&P 500 Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) Aerospace & Defense Sub-Industry Index. This was a signature honor for L-3, a milestone that demon- strates the company’s vital role in the defense industry.
Acquisitions
The acquisition of niche companies to augment L-3’s expanding portfo- lio of businesses continued to be a key company strategy. In total, the acquisitions had an aggregate purchase price of $434.7 million.
In L-3’s Secure Communications and Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (SC & ISR) segment, L-3 acquired key companies that increase its capabilities in important product areas. L-3 added Cincinnati Electronics, a leading producer of infrared (IR) detectors, imaging sensors, missile warning sensors and products. L-3 also acquired BAI Aerosystems, Inc., a leading designer, manufacturer and integrator of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV). BAI also offers a com- plete set of UAV subsystems, such as avionics and auto pilots, imaging and sensor payloads, ground control stations and support equipment, which are incorporated into its proprietary designs, as well as sold to other UAV manufacturers.
Training continues to be a high priority for the DoD to improve the skills of its military forces. The use of computer-based training (CBT) systems has proven to be an effective method in reducing the increas- ing costs of maintaining readiness and developing greater skill levels. In L-3’s Training, Simulation and Government Services (TS & GS) segment, the company added BEAMHIT, LLC., one of the top laser marksmanship training systems providers for military and law enforce- ment agencies in the world. D.P. Associates, which produces rapidly deployable CBT systems, brought L-3 important leading-edge course- ware analysis, design and development capabilities that expand its leadership in the training marketplace.
In the Aircraft Modernization, Operations and Maintenance and Products (AM, O&M & P) segment, L-3 acquired Northrop Grumman’s Canadian Navigation Systems and Aircraft Modernization business, a leader in electronic products and systems for aviation and ground vehicles and AVISYS, a major international supplier of elec- tronic warfare and electro-optical (E/O) systems, as well as products developed to counter the threat of manportable, shoulder-launched surface-to-air missiles. L-3 is now the leading provider of operations, maintenance and modernization of platforms in the world and also the largest provider of operations support for Special Operations Forces and aircrew training. Major facilities are located in Canada,Texas and Kentucky and include several thousand personnel at the Army’s Fort Rucker Air School in Alabama, where L-3 provides operational support. Also, L-3 is teamed with Computer Sciences Corporation to provide the training and simulation for Fort Rucker.
   3
  
 4
  In Specialized Products (SP), L-3 made a number of acquisitions that add significant products to the company’s catalog of offerings. L-3 acquired General Dynamics’ Propulsion Systems business, renamed
L-3 Combat Propulsion Systems, which provides engines, transmission suspension and turret drive systems for combat vehicles and CAE’s Marine Controls division, now known as L-3 MAPPS, which offers integrated marine controls and products for warships, submarines and high-end ocean-going commercial vessels. L-3 MAPPS is also a leader in deploying simulation technology for operator training at power gen- eration utilities around the world.
In addition, L-3 added to its microwave device catalog by acquiring Boeing’s Electron Dynamic Devices business, now known as L-3 Electron Technologies, Inc., a provider of high-technology components and subsystems, including space-qualified Traveling Wave Tubes (TWT), Traveling Wave Tube Amplifiers (TWTA), passive microwave devices and electric propulsion systems for commercial, DoD, classified and NASA satellites and spacecraft. Electron Technologies also provides TWTs for terrestrial and airborne defense systems. This operation is synergistic in technology and customers with L-3’s microwave devices company, which provides similar products to missiles, aircraft and ships for radars, sensors and communications. L-3 increased its E/O product group marketplace with the acquisition of Brashear, which is synergis- tic with L-3’s sensor products and provides complex E/O systems, tele- scopes and optical platforms for military and international customers. In addition, L-3 added Raytheon’s Commercial Infrared business, now L-3 Infrared Products, a well-respected producer of uncooled thermal imaging products for military and commercial use, which complements Cincinnati Electronics, a provider of cooled IR sensors used in military night vision systems and electronic warfare sensors.
Prospects for 2005 and Beyond
There has been much debate about the future of US defense spending and how it will impact the industry, and in particular, L-3. With the 2005 top-line defense budget set at about $400 billion, the focus is now on 2006 and beyond. The President has submitted a 2006 defense budget ($419.3 billion) that is 4.8 percent higher than in 2005 and it is unlikely that the US Congress will make material changes to his request. This continues the strong growth that began in fiscal year 2001. There is considerable support in the Congress as well as from the American people for the military’s effort. There will be a supple- mental budget request to pay for war operations and the procurement of critical technologies for urban warfare, as well as to recapitalize and reconstitute equipment being used to prosecute US efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan.
In the 2006 budget, the President’s priorities include further emphasis on transforming the military to meet the challenges of the 21st century. That means expanding the Army and Marine Corps and putting greater emphasis on mobility, modernization, joint operations and a force struc- ture with rapid global reach – all with fewer platforms.
In 2007 with the QDR in place, it is expected that defense spending may rise at a slower rate of growth. Defense will not be the billpayer for the federal budget as it was in 1995. The DoD will now be faced with the challenge of cost containment. How can the DoD continue its transformation, pay for new platforms and maintain readiness, while supporting the demands of war operations in Iraq and Afghanistan? The solution involves new initiatives to insert quantum leaps in technology into developing precision weapons, UAVs, GPS, secure
communications, real-time intelligence and command, control and intel- ligence (C2I). This will make it possible for the military to modernize present platforms as part of military transformation with increased firepower, survivability, precision and mobility in joint operations and to stretch and contain development of expensive new platforms. Containment, reprioritizing and a reduction in many social programs will also be necessary to reduce the federal deficit.
We believe that defense spending will continue to moderately grow, while the DoD will be forced to refocus its spending priorities. Response to the need for readiness and modernization of present cardinal platforms with new advanced combat capability has started and will be accelerated within this decade. By 2007, the DoD budget will implement the roadmap for the transformation of the military. The new military will be robust and fight as a joint force, capable of meet- ing the new world order and the threats imposed by asymmetrical ter- rorists and rogue nations, as well as traditional regional conflicts. Power projection against traditional confrontation will be swift, precise and with short timelines.
There will be continued growth for companies that have advanced products and services that fulfill the needs of the DoD’s transforma- tional force structure and priorities. We believe that L-3 is well posi- tioned for future growth by the company’s continued participation in these vital capabilities that the DoD has initiated in transforming the military to meet both traditional and irregular threats and in homeland security responsibilities. Those areas include shared intelligence, UAVs, precision weaponry, sensors, broadband digital communications and upgrading and modifying existing platforms. In addition, as the mili- tary continues its support of rebuilding Iraq, we expect that the DoD will expand its use of outsourcing to assist in the reconstruction. These are all areas where there is solid budget growth and where L-3 has a significant presence.
We also believe that homeland security will receive greater focus and increased spending in the years ahead. There is general recognition in Congress and in the Administration that there are areas that need greater protection and support. These areas include cargo, maritime and transportation security and passenger entry at airport checkpoints.
L-3 will continue, via Independent Research and Development (IR&D) and acquisitions, to add more capabilities to its existing portfolio of products and government services in 2005. As we survey the acquisi- tion landscape, there are non-core businesses of larger platform com- panies coming onto the market as well as independent defense compa- nies in the range of $50 million to $300 million in size. We continue to review companies that expand our offerings in key areas of each of our major business segments.
As a result, we know that we have the people, the products and a roadmap for L-3 to continue to achieve its 20 percent growth target in 2005 and to maintain continued organic growth. Our products are leading edge, our backlog is strong, our follow-on programs are well funded and our employees are world class in their abilities, their dedication to L-3 and their achievements.
Frank C. Lanza
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  