 To Our Shareholders
This is an exciting moment for Eli Lilly and Company! We’re transitioning from a challenging period of patent expirations to a period of growth, driven by the launch of new products that promise to provide new solutions to some of the most vexing medical problems we face today. In my letter, I will discuss our efforts to realize that promise for people around the world, and to deliver on the promise of growth for shareholders.
PERFORMANCE AS PROMISED
To understand our future prospects, it’s important to consider what Lilly was facing back in 2008. Over the period that lay ahead—a period we dubbed “YZ”—
expiring patents would cause us to lose
U.S. patent expirations, as well as the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes significant items totaling $0.55 per share, net income was $2.99 billion, a decrease of 34 percent. Reported net income was $2.39 billion.
Seven of our products and our Elanco animal health business exceeded $1 billion in annual sales in 2014. Total reported operating expenses decreased 10 percent, driven by lower late-stage clinical development costs, reduced U.S. sales and marketing activities for Cymbalta and Evista, and ongoing cost-containment efforts.
 one-third of our revenue, and a significantly greater percentage of our profits.
In late 2009, we laid out a plan to overcome this challenge and rebuild our company. The results speak for themselves:
» We achieved strong performance in
each of the areas we identified to drive
underlying growth during this period.
Elanco was among the fastest-growing
animal health companies, and nearly
doubled its revenue. Lilly was among
the fastest-growing pharma companies
in Japan, where we doubled our sales
volume. We had good growth in
Emerging Markets—including doubling
our sales in China. And we saw solid
growth among our enduring brands, including Humalog, Cialis®, Effient®, Forteo®, and Alimta®.
» We surpassed our pipeline goal of 10 potential new medicines in Phase III clinical testing by 2011, with 12
in Phase III at the end of that year—peaking at 13 by early 2013 and leading to approvals of four new medicines in 2014, with more to come.
» We exceeded our goals to reduce projected headcount by 5,500 and our cost structure by $1 billion by the end of 2011.
» And we achieved our annual goals of $20 billion in revenues, $3 billion in net income, and $4 billion in operating cash flow each year through 2013.
In 2014—the trough of this patent expiration period—we fell just shy in revenue and net income, while exceeding our cash flow goal. Revenue decreased 15 percent to $19.62 billion, due primarily to lower demand for Cymbalta® and Evista® following
($ thousands, percent growth)
Key Growth Contributors to 2014 Revenue
($ in millions represent growth in revenue, percent growth)
Over the past five years, our stock price has doubleRdev—enfureoPmer$E3m5plpoyeereshare on the day
+9%
in December 2009 when we first shared
 +7%
+11% +6%
+3%
 +6%
 2
$195.1
$174.0
$131.6
+3%
Alimta
+6%
Humulin
+32%
Trajenta
Throughout the YZ period we stayed true to
+6%
$77.1
N/A
$75.6
our strategy with investors, to over $70
-18%
as I write this letter in early 2015.
THE PROMISE OF DISCOVERY
  $602 $638 $590
$609 $501
-8%
   $89.0
$84.3
$79.6
 Animal Health
Humalog
Cialis
Forteo
Cyramza
our commitment to innovation. And now,
as our pipeline continues to advance, our
company is positioned to resume growth.
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
In 2014, we launched three new medicines: CyramzaIn®2f0o14r, raevdenvueapnercemdplogyeaesdtercriecasecda1n8 cpercrent
Seven products and a product line—Humalog, Cialis, Alimta, Humulin, Trajenta, Forteo, and Cyramza along with Animal Health—together generated revenue growth of $906 million during 2014 over 2013. This collective growth was driven primarily by volume increases, including the acquisition of Lohmann Animal Health in the second quarter of 2014. This growth partially offset the declines of Cymbalta and Evista due to patent expirations.
to $501,000, due primarily to a 15 percent decrease
and metastatic non-small cell lung cancer,
in revenue as the result of the Cymbalta and Evista Jardiance® for type 2patdenitalobsesetse. s—with
Boehringer Ingelheim, and Trulicity®
also for type 2 diabetes. We also received approval for our insulin glargine product in Europe and
Japan and tentative approval in the U.S. (See pages 8-9.) We filed for regulatory approval of necitumumab for first-line squamous non-small cell lung cancer, and we anticipate submissions in coming months for ixekizumab for psoriasis, along with new indications for Cyramza.
Here’s a closer look at key therapeutic areas:
Diabetes. We’re well on our way to launching—over a couple of years—up to three new medicines that treat diabetes. This will enable Lilly to offer a more complete range of medicines than any of our competitors, from oral medicines to insulins. Notably, our insulin glargine product has the potential to fill a significant and longstanding gap in our insulin portfolio.
And we’re not stopping there. We’re committed to continued advances in diabetes treatment by maintaining a strong internal research effort, as well as searching for the best external opportunities. In December, for example, we announced a

 worldwide licensing collaboration with Adocia focused on developing an ultra-rapid insulin.
Oncology. In oncology, our acquisition of ImClone in 2008 is paying off, with one medicine—Cyramza (ramucirumab)— on the market, another molecule—necitumumab—in regulatory review, and a third—olaratumab—expected to enter Phase III this year for soft tissue sarcoma.
In addition to approvals of Cyramza in the U.S. and Europe for second-line advanced gastric cancer, we’ve been granted a priority review in Japan, and we anticipate regulatory action in the first half of 2015. The FDA also approved
(RA) who previously had an inadequate response to one or more TNF inhibitors. In February 2015, we announced that baricitinib showed statistically significant improvement compared to placebo in a second Phase III trial in RA.
In the treatment of pain, our CGRP monoclonal antibody is currently in Phase II. And should the FDA partial clinical hold be removed, we’ll reinitiate Phase III trials for tanezumab in collaboration with Pfizer.
In 2016, we expect readouts from our ongoing Phase III trials for evacetrapib in high-risk vascular disease and for solanezumab in Alzheimer’s disease, offering the potential for what some have termed “biotech-like
Cyramza as a treatment for second-line nonK-esymGarlolwctehllColunntrgibuctaonrscetor,2a0n14dRienveSneupetember
Revenue Per Employee
($ thousands, percent growth)
+11% +3% +6% -8%
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
In 2014, revenue per employee decreased 18 percent to $501,000, due primarily to a 15 percent decrease in revenue as the result of the Cymbalta and Evista patent losses.
upside” later in the decade.
All of this is good news for the company and for patients. And it validates the decision we made many years ago, as
we entered a perilous period of patent expirations, to sustain a robust investment in research and development. We made a big bet then, and it’s paying off!
KEEPING OUR PROMISES
I’m extremely proud of what my Lilly colleagues have accomplished over the past several years. But, as we all know, the world did not stand still as we navigated through a difficult period. So we must continue to change and adapt in order to
 ($ in millions represent growth in revenue, percent growth)
we reported positive top-line results for
+9%
ramucirumab in second-line metastatic
+7%
In addition, last year we initiated Phase III
inhib$19i5t.o1 r,$17i4n.0 m$13e1.t6as$t89a.0tic$8b4.3rea$s79t.6ca$n77.c1er$7a5.n6 d non-small cell lung cancer.
colorectal cancer. We expect to submit ramucirumab in that indication this year.
+6%
-18%
     +3%
+6%
studies for abemaciclib, our+3C2%D+K6%4/6
 In the area of immuno-oncology, we
Animal Humalog Cialis Alimta Humulin Trajenta Forteo Cyramza
Health
announced early-stage collaborations in 2014
Seven products and a product line—Humalog, Cialis, Alimta, Humulin,
with Immunocore and Zymeworks. And
Trajenta, Forteo, and Cyramza along with Animal Health—together
generated revenue growth of $906 million during 2014 over 2013. This in Jancolulecatirveygrowtfh wtahs idsriveynepraimrariwly bey voalunmne inocrueasnesc, iencdluditnwg o
the acquisition of Lohmann Animal Health in the second quarter of
additional clinical collaborations—one with
2014. This growth partially offset the declines of Cymbalta and Evista Bristol-Myers Sqduue tiobpabtentaenxpidratiotnhs. e other with
Merck—exploring combinations of their
PD-1 therapies, Opdivo® and Keytruda®, with a number of our marketed and pipeline medicines in a range of cancers.
Immunology. We also saw significant progress in our emerging immunology platform, with positive data on two late-stage development candidates.
» In August, we announced that ixekizumab met all primary and key secondary objectives across three pivotal studies of nearly 4,000 patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. In the trials, 78 to 90 percent of patients treated with ixekizumab saw at least a 75 percent improvement
in their skin clearance at 12 weeks. In addition, 31 to
41 percent saw 100 percent clearance. We plan regulatory
submissions for ixekizumab in the first half of this year.
» In December, Lilly and our partner Incyte announced that baricitinib—a once-daily, oral, selective JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor—met the primary endpoint in a Phase III trial for people with moderately-to-severely active rheumatoid arthritis
realize a promising future.
Back in 2008, as we began to prepare for YZ, the Great Recession was gathering force, and the impact is still being felt today. The Affordable Care Act in 2010 was the most significant U.S. legislation of its kind since Medicare 45 years earlier, and it is reshaping health care.
In countries around the world—including the U.S.—pressure on health care budgets continues to constrain reimbursement, as well as access, for many branded medicines. Our customers are demanding ever-greater value for their money. Likewise over this period, competition has stiffened, as numerous Big Pharma and biotech companies have been attracted to the therapeutic areas in which we compete. And we’ll continue to face patent expirations, which are a fact of life in our business.
All of this is to say: even as we begin to turn the corner on YZ with multiple product launches, we must operate effectively in an external environment that has never been more challenging.
N/A
$602
$638
$590
$609
$501
3

In response, we’re sharpening our focus on the areas where we’re best positioned to compete and win. We believe this will lead
to a more sustainable flow of innovative medicines and stronger, more consistent growth.
Commercial Focus. First of all, we aim to compete effectively and to win in diabetes, oncology, and animal health. In the near term and in the long term, these represent significant pillars of growth for our company.
At the same time, our Bio-Medicines business is transitioning from its longtime focus on psychiatric illness, bone health, and men’s health to new areas that include immunologic disorders, neurodegeneration (especially Alzheimer’s disease), pain, and cardiovascular disease—all dependent, of course, on the outcome of ongoing Phase III studies. Bio-Medicines remains critically important, accounting for more than half of our Phase III pipeline, and providing revenue from current products to fuel our ambitious growth agenda.
In terms of geography, the U.S. market will continue to be of preeminent importance to our company. Yet our attention will increasingly shift to Asia, particularly China and Japan.
R&D Focus. Going forward, we’ll focus our research in human health on three core areas—diabetes, oncology, and neurodegeneration—and two emerging areas based on research opportunities and clinical data—immunology and pain. In each of these areas, we have compelling assets and growing or already deep expertise.
Within these areas, we’ll pursue fewer research projects, so
that we can apply sufficient resources to deliver top-quality candidates and maintain competitiveness for those we choose to move forward. At Lilly’s size, we know we can’t participate meaningfully in every therapeutic area. But where we choose to play, we will play to win!
We’ve also embarked on an ambitious effort to reduce the time to bring new medicines from our laboratory to the patient, and we’re making good progress. Several important development programs have already benefited in a substantial way, with years having been trimmed off earlier planned timelines.
To complement our internal efforts, we’re also increasing our business development activity—through partnerships, licensing, and acquisitions—and pursuing deals and collaborations at ever-earlier stages.
A PROMISING FUTURE
As we stand today, following our toughest year, this much is clear: We are emerging from YZ as an independent company charting our own destiny, launching new products and competing more effectively, and in possession of one of the strongest pipelines in our history. As I write this letter, new Lilly medicines are helping more and more patients suffering from the ravages of cancer and diabetes—and we’ll be touching even more in the months and years ahead.
I want to offer my heartfelt thanks to our leadership team and to Lilly people around the world for their outstanding performance throughout the YZ period, and particularly in 2014. I also
want to acknowledge and thank Doug Oberhelman, who is concluding his service on the board, for his wisdom and expert guidance through this challenging period.
A key lesson—one that has been repeated throughout our 138- year history—is to never underestimate what Lilly people are capable of when we put our minds to a shared goal and work together to achieve it.
Yes, we face new challenges, but now we have the wind at our back, and the arrow is in the “up” direction. Ours increasingly is a position of strength, which we intend to neither yield nor squander. We have yet new chapters to write in medical history, as we strive to deliver the promise of innovation to millions of people whose lives will be made better when we succeed.
I remain very confident that we can and will succeed, and I am grateful for your support.
For the Board of Directors,
John C. Lechleiter, Ph.D.
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
       We are emerging from YZ as an independent company charting our own destiny, launching new products and competing more effectively, and in possession of one of the strongest pipelines in our history.
4
