To Our Shareholders
This report marks the end of a decade in which the people of Eli Lilly and Company launched innovative medicines that touched the lives of millions of people, as the company doubled revenue and overcame the largest patent expiry in our history. In 2009, Lilly sustained solid growth and strong financial performance, even as we
put the pieces in place to transform Lilly in pursuit of an ambitious but essential goal—reinventing invention.
The challenges facing the pharmaceutical industry today can be summed up as one fundamental problem: innovation. Our industry is suffering a dry spell in research and development at a time when society is rais- ing the bar for pharmaceutical innovation by demanding greater value from new medicines.
At Lilly, we see this challenge clearly in the need
to bring new medicines to patients as many of our top products lose patent protection in the years ahead. This
is the cyclical nature of our business, and we’ve experi- enced it before. At the beginning of the last decade, we faced the end of patent protection for Prozac®. Up to that time, no pharmaceutical company hit with a loss of that magnitude had survived intact. We became the first by launching nine innovative products in five years. Now, we must respond again, and we will.
Our peers have adopted a range of strategies, including the wave of consolidation
in the past year. Many other
companies are seeking to lower risk
by reducing their focus on innovative
medicines.
This is not our path. Our strategy is to create value by accelerating the flow of innovative new medicines that provide improved outcomes for individual patients.
The opportunity before us
We believe that important new medicines—increasingly tailored for specific sets of patients—can and will continue to be discovered in our labs and our global research network. And we believe that these medicines— with clear, demonstrable value—will be rewarded with pricing and access commensurate with that value.
While this choice entails risk, it is also brimming with opportunity. There’s never been a more compelling case for innovative medicines.
• As people around the world live longer, and global incomes rise, demand for innovative medicines continues to grow.
• Furthermore, innovative medicines have proven time and again to be among the most effective ways to
reduce costs and improve quality in health care.
• The treatments for those diseases that remain uncon-
quered, such as Alzheimer’s disease, will most likely
come from laboratories like ours.
• And even when you consider the diseases we do
treat today, such as diabetes, there is huge room for improvement—still.
Lilly has the intellectual capital, the tools, the financial wherewithal, and the determination to generate the inno- vative medicines to address these needs. To take advantage of this opportunity, however, we must substantially increase our productivity and rise to meet the challenges we face. The task before us is no less than reinventing invention. And we’re doing just that—with a profound sense of urgency—even as we deliver strong results.
2009 financial and commercial highlights
In 2009, reported net income was $4.3 billion, or $3.94 per share. On a pro forma non-GAAP basis, which excludes significant items totaling approximately 47 cents per share, earnings increased 16 percent to $4.42 per share.
Reported revenue grew 7 percent to $21.8 billion. Pro forma revenue (including ImClone revenue for both years for comparison purposes) grew 5 percent. Again this year,
eight products and our Elanco animal health business exceeded $1 billion in annual sales. According to data from IMS Health, in the 12 months ending September 2009—the most recent period for which we have comparable data—Lilly posted the fastest-growing sales worldwide among the top 10 global pharmaceutical companies.
In 2009, we sustained the volume-driven revenue growth we’ve delivered for nearly all of the past decade. Every major geography, as well as Elanco, contributed to our
5 percent pro forma volume growth.
We launched Effient® (prasugrel) in the U.S. and Europe—where it’s spelled Efient®—offering a new op- tion for the treatment of patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing
PCI. We believe that prescribers and payers will increas- ingly see the value that Effient provides, and we are working with our partner, Daiichi Sankyo, to accelerate Effient’s uptake.
In 2009, we also continued to advance new indications and line extensions of our marketed products. Key approv- als and launches since I wrote to you last year include:
• Adcirca® (tadalafil) for pulmonary arterial hyperten- sion in the U.S., EU, and Japan;
 Eight Products Exceed $1 Billion in Revenue
($ millions)
Eight products
and one product line—Zyprexa, Cymbalta, Humalog, Alimta, Cialis, Gemzar, Evista, and Humulin, along with Animal Health— exceeded $1 billion in 2009. Cymbalta became the second product in our history to exceed
$3 billion. Alimta grew 48 percent primarily due to
a new indication and its adoption in Japan following the 2008 launch.
$5,000
$4,000
$3,000
$2,000
$1,000
0
               2
Alimta Cialis Gemzar Total Animal Health Evista Humulin
$1,959.0 $1,706.0
Zyprexa Cymbalta Humalog
$4,915.7
$1,599.1 $1,363.2
$1,207.2
$1,030.4 $1,022.0
$3,074.7

 John C. Lechleiter, Ph.D.
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 In October 2009, John Lechleiter helped dedicate the Lilly Biotechnology Center in San Diego. He was joined by Lilly colleagues, academic researchers, and community leaders, including David Hale (at left in photo), chairman and CEO of Hale BioPharma Ventures. The state-of-the-art center, located within an extensive hub of life science businesses and prominent biomedical research institutes, brings together nearly 200 Lilly scientists from across the region.
The San Diego center supports Lilly’s strategy to discover and develop more biotechnology medicines. Three months before the dedication in San Diego, Lilly announced that its ImClone research unit, which focuses on cancer biologics, will move to a new biopharmaceutical research cluster within the East River Science Park in New York City. And in
May 2008, the company marked the completion of the final phase of the Lilly biotechnology development complex in Indianapolis.
3
PHOTO: MELISSA JACOBS

•Alimta® (pemetrexed)formainte- nance treatment of nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer in the U.S. and EU, and for first- and second-line non-small cell lung cancer in Japan;
• Byetta® (exenatide) for mono- therapy use in the U.S.;
• Forteo® (teriparatide) for glucocor- ticoid-induced osteoporosis in men and women at high risk of fracture in the U.S.;
• Symbyax® (olanzapine/fluoxetine) for treatment-resistant depression in the U.S.; and
•Zyprexa® RelprevvTM (olanzapine) long-acting injection for schizo- phrenia in adults in the U.S.
In addition, exenatide once weekly
was submitted to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and we began Phase 3 trials of Cialis® (tadalafil) in benign prostatic hyperplasia (enlarged prostate).
And, in late December, we expanded our product offerings in cardiovascular care, signing an agreement with Kowa Pharmaceuticals America to co-promote the cholesterol-lowering medicine Livalo® in the United States and to enter into a licensing agreement in Latin America. We intend to launch Livalo later this year in the U.S.
Expanding our pipeline
In 2009, we also continued to expand our clinical- stage pipeline. Over the past decade, we’ve essentially doubled the number of new drug candidates entering clinical development—from seven or eight a year early in the last decade to 16 or more in each of the past several years, including 17 in 2009. As a result, the number of molecules resident in clinical development has more than tripled from less than 20 in 2004 to 64 today, including 29 in Phase 2 or Phase 3.
Of course, it’s not just the quantity of molecules in our pipeline, but also the quality, that’s important. On both counts, we believe we have the substrate of pipeline assets to drive future growth. Let me cite just a few examples:
• We have two molecules in Phase 3 testing for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease, a tremendous unmet need. Both are designed to block the build-up of amyloid plaques in the brain that are thought to cause the disease.
• In oncology, the acquisition of ImClone brought five promising assets in clinical testing, including two currently in Phase 3. And tasisulam, a unique anti- cancer compound developed within Lilly Research Laboratories, has just moved into Phase 3 trials in second-line metastatic melanoma.
• In diabetes, exenatide once weekly has demonstrated
a statistically significant reduction
in HbA1c, an important marker for controlling blood sugar, in recent clinical studies against several com- monly used therapies. And two other promising molecules, GLP-1 Fc and teplizumab, are in Phase 3.
• In December, we announced a worldwide licensing and col- laboration agreement with Incyte Corporation for a potential new oral treatment for rheumatoid arthritis that complements our own portfolio of potential treatments for such autoimmune diseases, in which the immune system attacks healthy body tissue.
Reinventing invention at Lilly
To build and accelerate our pipe- line, we’re innovating around innovation like no one else in the industry. We’ve moved beyond pilots and are now
scaling up new models across our R&D enterprise. We’re accelerating the transition I described in my
letter last year, from a fully integrated pharmaceutical company to a fully integrated pharmaceutical network, or FIPNet. Through FIPNet, we’re building additional R&D capacity that leverages what we do well, while attracting molecules, funding, and expertise from partners.
For example, in June we launched Lilly’s Phenotypic Drug Discovery Initiative—or “PD2”—where Lilly tests, free of charge, compounds submitted by outside research- ers in four assays representing diseases of interest to us. In return, we retain first rights to negotiate a collabora- tion or licensing agreement with the submitters. Since the launch of this initiative, 130 universities and biotechs in 21 countries have joined the program, and we’re now evaluating literally thousands of molecules.
A key part of FIPNet is Chorus, our virtual develop- ment team charged with getting to clinical proof of concept—which is early evidence that a drug works in humans—more efficiently.
Chorus is managing a steady state of 15 molecule programs with a dedicated staff of only 29 scientists. This cross-disciplinary group designs, interprets, and oversees the development work through a network of organiza- tions outside Lilly walls. Because of the lean development model used, Chorus is able to reach proof of concept about 12 months earlier and at half the cost compared to the current industry model. So far, Chorus has delivered data on 14 molecules, six of which resulted in positive proof-of-concept decisions, saving Lilly approximately $100 million.
In December we announced the next step in extend- ing this model. We have established a new venture fund, which will enable the acquisition of high-quality
 Key Contributors to 2009 Revenue Growth
($ in millions represent growth in revenue; percentages represent changes from 2008)
Five products and a product line—Alimta, Cymbalta, Humalog, Zyprexa, Cialis, and Animal Health—generated $14.4 billion in revenue during 2009, an increase of $1.6 billion over 2008, and, along with the inclusion of Erbitux sales related to the acquisition of ImClone, accounted
for substantially all of
our revenue growth. The growth of these products and this product line was primarily driven by volume increases.
NM—Not meaningful
        4
Alimta Cymbalta Erbitux Humalog Zyprexa Cialis Animal Health
$551.3 +48%
$114.6 +8% $113.9 +10%
$223.2 +13% $219.6 +5%
$377.6 +14% $361.2 NM

molecules from external sources and utilize Chorus and other alternative development “engines” to advance them to proof of concept, with Lilly all the while retaining preferential access to acquire the molecules.
We’re taking another big step with the creation of our Development Center of Excellence (COE), which employs a variety of tools to move molecules more efficiently through development and on to patients. These tools include Critical Chain, advanced analytics, and tailored therapeutics.
• Critical Chain is a project management approach that has enabled our scientists to improve our rate of hitting key development milestones from no more than half the time to nearly 100 percent.
• Advanced analytics—the application of novel statisti- cal design and analysis tools—help increase the probability of technical success, speed clinical trial completion, and reduce the cost of clinical research.
• Tailored therapeutics—targeting medicines to meet individual patient needs—can significantly increase value for patients, who achieve better outcomes with less risk, and for payers, who more frequently get the results they expect.
Dr. Kalpana Merchant, featured on the cover of this annual report, leads the translational science group that plays a pivotal role in helping our scientists develop tai- loring strategies and associated biomarkers for potential Lilly medicines. For more on translational science and its role in tailored therapeutics, see the inside front cover.
We see the power of tailoring firsthand with Alimta. Alimta was approved to treat non-small cell lung cancer in 2004. We now know that Alimta is particularly effec- tive for lung cancer patients with a specific tumor cell type, called “nonsquamous,” which can be determined from a biopsy of tumor tissue. Alimta is now approved in the U.S. and Europe specifically for treatment of non- squamous non-small cell lung cancer.
Alimta’s performance this year—with
sales growth in successive quarters of
36 percent, 40 percent, 47 percent, and
64 percent—certainly suggests that our
customers value this insight!
With Alimta, the “tailoring” happened after launch, but we aim to move this process forward by using biomarkers and applying new tools and technologies to tailor medicines during the earliest stages of development.
For example, Lilly and GE Global Research recently announced a break- through in tissue-based biomarker technology that can simultaneously map more than 25 proteins in tumors at the subcellular level. This advance, which we’ll apply to a variety of
molecules in clinical development, could provide decisive information for tailoring therapies for cancer patients and also speed up clinical trials, as researchers are able to pre-screen participants based on more specific criteria.
Setting a new direction, reshaping our organization
These initiatives to transform R&D are part of a broader effort to move the company in a new direction. Let me cite just a few of the steps we’ve taken in the last 18 months alone:
• We’ve significantly strengthened our biotech infra- structure—critical to our goal of sustaining innova- tion—with several important moves. We acquired ImClone, a company with a leading oncology product and a strong pipeline. We completed work on a
$1 billion biotech development center in Indianapolis and, in October, we opened the Lilly Biotechnology Center in San Diego. What’s more, our new biotech manufacturing facility in Ireland is expected to be up and running in 2011.
• We’ve created new partnership models that enable us to receive high-quality services at reduced costs—an- other example of our FIPNet approach. After the sale of our Greenfield Laboratories R&D site to Covance in 2008, we completed the sale of our Tippecanoe Laboratories manufacturing site to an affiliate of Evonik Industries on January 1, 2010.
• And in September we announced the most sweeping changes in Lilly’s history. We aim to redesign our company to speed development, improve our com- petitiveness in key therapeutic areas and geographies, and reduce our cost base.
In addition to the Development COE, we’re refocus- ing our business to create a clear line of sight from inno- vation to the customer. Within our core pharmaceuticals segment, we’ve created four focused organizations:
• Lilly Bio-Medicines, our larg-
est unit, includes our important neuroscience, cardiovascular, men’s health, and musculoskeletal products, as well as our growing autoimmune disease platform. The unit operates in the U.S., Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and Europe.
• Oncology is the fastest-growing therapeutic area and an urgent unmet need, and we are poised to be a global leader in treating cancer. Today, we have one of the largest clinical-stage oncology portfolios in the industry.
• Diabetes is another fast-growing therapeutic area and an urgent medical need. Lilly is one of very
 Products Launched Since 2000 Have Driven Our Revenue Growth ($ millions)
 Combined revenue of our products launched since 2000—Alimta, Byetta, Cialis, Cymbalta, Effient, Erbitux, Forteo, Strattera, Symbyax, Xigris, and Yentreve—increased by
21 percent over 2008, representing $8.9 billion, or 41 percent of total revenue. Combined revenue of Evista, Gemzar, Humalog, and Humulin decreased
4 percent to $5.4 billion and represented 25 percent of revenue. Zyprexa sales increased 5 percent in 2009.
Products Launched Since 2000
$24,000
$18,000
$12,000
$6,000
0
                        05 06 07 08 09
 Alimta, Byetta, Cialis, Cymbalta, Effient, Erbitux, Forteo, Strattera,
Symbyax, Xigris, and Yentreve
Other Established Products Evista, Gemzar, Humalog, and Humulin Zyprexa
Other
   5

few companies positioned to compete globally in the insulin business. In addition, we’re a leader in the GLP category, which we believe will continue to be a very important approach to treating diabetes.
• Emerging Markets also require a singular focus. We’ve doubled our sales in these markets over the past five years, and we plan to double them again in the next five years. According to IMS Health*, just seven fast-growing markets—starting with China— will account for more than one-third of global pharmaceutical market growth through 2013.
When we undertook our reorganization, one other distinct business segment already existed—Elanco Animal Health—and it exemplifies the customer-focused innovation we seek. Elanco ranks No. 1 in research and development, with more new product approvals in
the U.S. over the past six years than anyone else in the industry. Even in a down market in 2009, Elanco’s sales have fared better than most, including very strong perfor- mance in the fast-growing companion animal market.
At the same time, we’re streamlining our infrastruc- ture, with a clear focus on strong customer service and reduced costs. We aim to reduce our cost base by $1 billion by the end of 2011, continuing our cost-saving efforts of the past several years:
• We’ve closed a number of manufacturing and R&D facilities.
• We’ve gained more than $1 billion in cumulative benefits through our first five years of Six Sigma.
• And we’ve reduced overall headcount by about 5,000, despite having added 2,600 through acquisitions.
The result: We’ve increased productivity, as measured by revenue per employee, by nearly 75 percent since 2004, and significantly improved our return on assets from where it stood mid-decade. Through these actions and more, we continue to deliver strong near-term performance, as we prepare Lilly to compete and win over the long term.
A future of innovation
Before I close, I’d like to extend my thanks to
Dr. Steven Paul, who retired in February 2010 after
nearly 17 years of service to Lilly. Under Steve’s leader- ship, we’ve built the most robust pipeline in Lilly’s history. Steve has also helped recruit many of LRL’s top scientific leaders and has played a key role in transform- ing Lilly’s R&D to position us for the future. I also want to welcome Steve’s successor, Dr. Jan Lundberg, who joined Lilly in January. Jan was formerly head of global discovery research at AstraZeneca, where he was instrumental in delivering more than 150 drug candidates to the com- pany’s pipeline over the past decade.
*IMS Health, Market Prognosis 2009–2013, September 2009
6
And thanks to all of my Lilly colleagues for their ex- traordinary efforts along the path we have chosen for our company, and their dedication to the patients we serve.
We’re privileged to be engaged in the work of medi- cal innovation. We are motivated by our future prospects as well as our past successes. One of the most inspiring aspects of my job is the chance to meet face-to-face with patients whose lives have been touched by Lilly medi- cines. In a family Christmas photo on my desk is the face of a young man—a Lilly employee—who had been saved from imminent death not two months earlier by a Lilly medicine, relaxing at home with his wife and son.
This is what we do: save lives, extend lives, relieve suffering, restore health, and get people back to their families, back to work, back to the joys of daily living. It’s what we’ve done so well for nearly 134 years. Now, in the midst of a revolution in our understanding of human biol- ogy, is no time to back off from this important mission.
Our strategy is focused squarely on innovation, to cre- ate value for all our stakeholders by accelerating the flow of innovative medicines that provide improved outcomes for individual patients. We’re moving aggressively on multiple fronts, all aimed at building the speed and power of our R&D engine, and the quality of our pipeline.
Even as we’ve taken these bold steps, we have not taken our eye off the ball of operational and commercial execution. We have generated solid volume-driven top-line growth, leading the industry globally. We have re- duced costs to generate even stronger growth in earnings, while providing the financial wherewithal for investment in our future.
Indeed, we are preparing for growth beyond the patent expiries of the coming years by building a high- quality pipeline of at least 10 Phase 3 molecules by 2011. We expect this will position us to launch two molecules per year beginning in 2013.
We are executing our innovation-focused strategy, reinventing invention to successfully overcome the challenges we face and emerge stronger and even more resilient, with prospects for significant long-term growth. I remain ever grateful for your continued support.
For the Board of Directors,
John C. Lechleiter
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 