To Our Shareholders
Out of more than 5,000 publicly traded U.S. companies, only six companies as big as Lilly have operated under the same name longer than we have. We’re very proud
of our heritage, but we know that longevity provides no guarantee of future success. Not for Lilly, not for anybody.
It’s not the strongest who survive; it’s those who are able to adapt to change. We must continue to do just that, as we have for 135 years, with a sense of urgency befitting the challenge we face in the current period of major patent expirations—the period we call YZ.
But YZ is just the most immediate hurdle. Change is all around us: increasing demands from patients, payers, regulators, and governments; an abundance of low-cost generic medicines; economic turmoil; and higher hurdles for drug discovery and development. These combine
to set the bar for pharmaceutical innovation higher than it’s ever been.
Despite these challenges, we can re- main certain of the many important unmet medical needs, particularly as societies grow older; of the crucial role played by modern medicines
in the provision of high-quality and
cost-effective health care; and of ris-
ing global living standards that are the direct result of our work and serve to increase the demand for our medicines.
We’re confident that we can transform our challenges into advances—for patients, and for our company. That’s what we’ve done throughout our history, and it’s what we’re doing today. On the pages following this letter, we highlight five stories of employees who are transforming our company, the way we pursue science, and the way we do business. (See pages 6-8.)
Yet even as we carry out this transformation, we must continue to deliver solid results and execute on our strategy to bridge YZ and return to growth. In this letter I’ll report on those efforts.
Strong performance in 2011
In 2011, Lilly grew worldwide revenue by 5 percent, despite a 2 percent fourth-quarter decline in revenue. That decline reflects what we knew was coming—the initial impact of the Zyprexa® patent loss in both the U.S. and most major markets outside Japan, and continued erosion of Gemzar® sales due to generic competition.
For the year, revenue topped $24 billion, as seven products and our animal health portfolio all exceeded $1 billion in annual sales. Of note, Cymbalta® surpassed $4 billion in sales, and our insulins—Humalog® and Humulin®—together achieved their first-ever billion- dollar quarter as we closed the year.
The counter-cyclical growth engines we described last year—Japan, emerging markets, and our Elanco animal health business—delivered, too. For the full year, revenues in Japan grew by 31 percent. Animal health turned in its
best growth—21 percent—in at least a decade. And though growth has moderated a bit in our emerging markets, China was a standout with 31 percent revenue growth.
Now let me look ahead. First, I’ll review our plans to bridge the YZ period of patent expirations from now through 2014. Then, I’ll turn to our long-term strategy for resum- ing growth coming out of YZ.
Bridging YZ
Our strategy for YZ is to continue to grow sales volumes of our cur- rently marketed products, harvest the fruits of our investments in
our counter-cyclical growth engines, and supplement
our internal growth with business development—while improving productivity. This will allow us to fund our innovation-based strategy and, specifically, a pipeline that can deliver long-term growth.
Since 2004, we’ve doubled productivity as measured by sales per employee. And beginning in 2009, we stepped up the pace of resizing our organization for the post-Zyprexa period, reducing senior management by a quarter and significantly restructuring everything from our support operations to our sales and marketing organization.
We met the goals we committed to reach by the end of 2011—reducing our projected expenses by more than
$1 billion, and reducing staff by more than 5,500, exclud- ing strategic additions from acquisitions and in high- growth emerging markets and Japan.
As a result, each year through 2014, we expect revenue to be at least $20 billion, net income to be at least $3 billion, and operating cash flow to be at least $4 billion. Given our strategy, we will continue to have ample cash to meet our needs throughout this period. And we will continue to
 We’re confident that we can transform our challenges into advances— for patients, and for our company. That’s what we’ve done throughout
our history, and it’s what we’re doing today.
2

  John C. Lechleiter, Ph.D., chairman, president, and chief executive officer (center), meets with employees at Lilly’s biotechnology manufacturing facility in Sesto Fiorentino, Italy. The state-of-the
art operations at Sesto include formulating, filling, and packaging Humalog and Humulin cartridges and pens. The site has achieved a dramatic transformation from a historical focus on antibiotics to a mission that today has insulin manufacturing and diabetes treatment at its core. The transformation at Sesto is part of an ongoing effort to expand manufacturing capacity to meet growing demand for Lilly’s diabetes-care portfolio. (See page 8.)
During a visit in June 2011, Lechleiter toured the insulin cartridge-filling operations at Sesto, and reviewed progress toward further expansion of Sesto’s insulin pen assembly capabilities. Lilly employ- ees with John in a soon-to-be-opened area of the facility are (left to right) Cristina Lastrucci, biological laboratory specialist; Giovanni Fiesoli, manufacturing junior technician; Cristiana Fracassini, leader insulin line 2 project; Andrea Froio, utilities and maintenance junior manager.
3

pay the dividend at least at its current level. It’s critically important to management, our board of directors, and shareholders—and we have no intention of cutting it.
Innovation for the long run
As we look to the future beyond YZ, Lilly remains firmly committed to innovation. Our company is not shifting its focus to generics or consumer products. And we’re not pursuing a big merger. We’re committed to maintaining our investment in R&D through the
current period of patent expirations, and we’re keeping our focus on the keys to Lilly’s long-term success:
• a pipeline that reflects successful and
productive pursuit of innovation,
• an external environment that enables
medical innovation to flourish, and
• the transformation of our own com- pany to ensure that we can continue
to deliver innovative medicines valued by our customers.
Replenishing and advancing our
pipeline
The future growth—indeed, the very
survival—of our company depends
on a robust pipeline of innovative
medicines that meet the needs of pa-
tients. We ended 2011 with the highest
number of molecules we’ve ever had in
Phase III development, and through the year we sustained a strong flow of new molecules into the pipeline. Overall, since our 2010 annual report, we’ve moved 13 new assets into Phase I, eight into Phase II, and four into Phase III, and we’ve launched one new medicine, while terminating the development of 12 molecules. (See page 9.)
With the addition of these molecules, we have 12 potential new medicines in Phase III testing, surpassing our goal of 10 by the end of 2011. The large majority of the molecules in our Phase III portfolio come with convincing Phase
II clinical data. And I’m pleased to note that 11 of the 12 assets come from our own labs, including ImClone.
New entries into Phase III since our 2010 annual report include mGlu2/3 receptor agonist, now known as pomaglu- metad methionil, for schizophrenia; the anti-IL-17 mono- clonal antibody, now ixekizumab, for psoriasis; and two potential treatments for diabetes—a novel basal insulin analog and a new insulin glargine product.
Two Phase III trials for solanezumab, our monoclonal an- tibody being studied as a potential treatment to slow the
progression of mild to moderate Alzheimer’s disease, are scheduled to be completed in the second half of 2012. We have additional molecules in our pipeline for Alzheimer’s, including our oral BACE inhibitor, which will initiate a Phase Ia/IIb study this year.
Another late-stage molecule, ramucirumab from our Im- Clone unit, reached full enrollment in a Phase III breast cancer trial in November 2011. This is one of six ongoing Phase III trials with ramucirumab—as a single agent or in
combination with chemotherapy—in five different tumor types: liver, gastric, colorectal, non-small cell lung, and breast cancers.
Yet another molecule that we expect to advance into Phase III testing in 2012 is our CETP inhibitor, evacetra- pib. At the American Heart Associa- tion meeting in November 2011, we shared encouraging Phase II data showing that evacetrapib, in combina- tion with each of three commonly used statins, increased HDL choles- terol and also incrementally decreased LDL cholesterol, both in a statistically significant manner. It’s important to note that Phase III studies will still take years to complete and this is a very competitive area of research.
These molecules exemplify the progress we’ve made
in building a robust, high-quality, mid- to late-stage pipeline, with an even mix of large and small molecules. We believe our current pipeline includes many potential opportunities to treat diseases with large unmet need, as well as significant commercial opportunity, and provides the foundation for Lilly to return to growth after 2014. This year, we’ll begin to generate and disseminate important data that should help you better gauge our growth potential.
Advocating for an environment for innovation
The second key to our long-term strategy is fostering
an external environment supportive of the pursuit of innovation. We remain vigilant in advocating policies that are essential to the continued viability of our innovation model and essential for the discovery and development of new medicines.
In 2011, we saw some positive developments, most no- tably comprehensive patent reform in the United States and important progress in the area of international trade, including the U.S. trade agreement with South Korea.
 Key Contributors to 2011 Revenue Growth
($ in millions represent growth in revenue, percent growth)
Seven products and a product line—Cymbalta, Humalog, Alimta, Effient, Cialis, Humulin, Forteo, and Animal Health— generated $15.0 billion in revenue during 2011, an increase of $2.2 billion in revenue over 2010. This growth was driven primarily by volume increases.
         4
Humalog Total Animal Health Alimta Effient Cialis Humulin Forteo
$313.4 +15% $287.2 +21%
Cymbalta
$702.6 +20%
$252.6 +11% $187.5 +163%
$176.2 +10% $159.9 +15%
$119.7 +14%

We also avoided a serious threat, when the Congressional deficit-reduction committee failed to adopt a proposal to implement Medicaid-like rebates in the Medicare Part D prescription drug program. These rebates would have amounted to a new $100 billion tax on the biopharmaceu- tical industry, and would severely hamper our industry’s ability to innovate. Still, given our nation’s ongoing debt crisis, we do not expect these kinds of risks to go away. And the challenges in Washington mirror those around the world, as health care budget pressures are compound- ed by financial crises.
We know that health care reform will be a perennial issue globally. Here in the U.S., the Supreme Court will issue a ruling in June on the health care reform law passed in 2009. No matter how the Court decides, the debate will continue.
We believe it’s essential that health care policy appropriately reflect the value that innovative pharmaceuticals provide in meeting the growing health care needs of aging populations and helping patients avoid more costly interventions.
Transforming the way we work
We’ll continue to make the case for poli-
cies that enable us to carry on the work
of pharmaceutical innovation, but we
know we can’t control or often predict the environment. And because we can’t, we must also focus on what we can control: the ongoing transformation of our company to succeed and thrive in the face of growing challenges.
This transformation goes on everywhere within our company, alongside the indispensible work of delivering strong performance day by day. Last year, we completed the restructuring we announced in 2009 and delivered the savings we promised by year-end 2011. Today, the work of transformation continues. The five stories that follow exemplify those efforts, but only scratch the surface of all that is going on across our company.
Innovation—Our heritage and our future
Building on a heritage of transforming challenges into advances, and guided by an unwavering commitment to innovation, we are transforming Lilly to succeed and grow in a demanding environment.
We’re successfully pursuing a sound strategy to maintain a level of earnings and cash flow through the YZ period
that will allow us to make the investments necessary to resume and sustain growth in the years beyond. We must continue to deliver strong business results by generating new growth from our key brands, our counter-cyclical growth engines, and from every corner of our business, even as we control our costs.
We’ve replenished our late-stage pipeline, and we have the largest Phase III cohort of molecules in our history, many of them addressing significant unmet medical
needs. As we develop our pipeline, we must continue to transform the way we do research to sustain the flow of innovation.
For 135 years, the people of Lilly have overcome barriers and transformed them into advances for patients and for our company. That’s what we do, through a pas- sion for innovation and an intense desire to persevere despite long odds. In the midst of the struggle, challenges may seem daunting and progress slow. Looking back, the transformation is dramatic and inspiring.
I’m privileged to work with Lilly people around the world who are adding to the long and proud
history of Eli Lilly and Company, transforming our company for the future even as they deliver results here and now. Special thanks to Bryce Carmine, who led our Bio-Medicines organization, and Dr. Frank Deane, who led manufacturing—both of whom retired at year-end after 30-plus years of dedicated service to our company.
And thanks to you, our shareholders, for your contin- ued trust and support as we transform challenges into advances in our quest for innovative medicines that can make a real difference for patients around the world.
For the Board of Directors,
John C. Lechleiter
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 Revenue Per Employee Continues to Increase
($ thousands, percent growth)
In 2011, we continued our progress on productivity. Revenue per employee increased 6 percent to $638,000.
   07 08 09 10 11
 5
$459 +21%
$504 +10%
$540 +7%
$602 +11%
$638 +6%
