 To Our Shareholders
For Eli Lilly and Company, 2013 was a year of transition and achievement. Once again, we confronted the chal- lenges of a major patent expiration—in this instance, our U.S. Cymbalta® patent in December. At the same time, we completed four major regulatory filings for new products, a record for our company.
Looking ahead, 2014 represents the most challenging year of this period—which we’ve called “YZ”—when we lose patent protection on several of our largest products, culmi- nating with Evista® in March. But we have prepared for this challenge and are positioned to return to growth and expand- ing margins in 2015 and beyond.
Indeed, we view 2014 as a new beginning for Lilly when we start to emerge from YZ with the anticipated launch
of three new medicines. The prospect of these launches— with more to follow in 2015—represents the fruit of our innovation-based strategy and is a testament to the thousands of Lilly people who have performed so well through this challenging period.
Since I became CEO in 2008, I’ve been candid about both our challenges and our opportunities, as we have reaffirmed Lilly’s commitment to innovation as our best path forward to create value for patients, physicians, payers—and for shareholders.
We’ve undertaken extensive efforts to transform our company to address not only the challenge of patent expira- tions, but also the demands of patients and payers alike for greater value from medicine. We’ve delivered on our commit- ments, we’ve adjusted to complications encountered along the way, and we’ve positioned the company to bridge one of the most significant patent cliffs in the industry—while remain- ing independent.
We’ve also successfully rebuilt our late-stage pipeline. The four potential medicines we submitted this past year for regulatory review include three to treat diabetes—dulaglutide, empagliflozin, and our new insulin glargine product—as
well as ramucirumab as a single-agent treatment in advanced gastric cancer. In 2014, we expect to submit necitumumab for squamous non-small cell lung cancer, as well as additional indications for ramucirumab.
After a brief review of 2013 results, I’ll focus on the two therapeutic areas where we expect to launch new medicines this year—diabetes and oncology—which represent key areas of growth for Lilly in the years ahead. And I’ll review our broad research efforts to sustain progress in our pipeline.
2013 Results
In 2013, revenue increased 2 percent to $23.1 billion— following the loss of U.S. exclusivity for Cymbalta in the fourth quarter. Even while we increased R&D spending by 5 percent, total operating expenses decreased 1 percent due to lower sell- ing and marketing expenses. Reported net income increased
15 percent, and earnings per share increased 18 percent.
Eight of our products and our Elanco animal health business exceeded $1 billion in annual sales. Japan and China delivered double-digit volume increases, and Elanco continued to exceed overall industry growth. This strong performance, combined with our discipline in managing costs, generated $5.7 billion of operating cash flow, covering capital expenditures of $1 billion and allowing the company to return approximately $3.8 billion in cash to shareholders through the dividend and our share repurchase program.
Creating an Unmatched Portfolio of Diabetes Medicines
In 2013, Lilly took important steps to further address the growing global epidemic of diabetes. A long-time leader in insulins with Humulin® and Humalog®, Lilly is developing a portfolio of diabetes medicines with unmatched breadth, including insulins, other injectable treatments, and oral
(continued on page 4)
2

   Determination Leads to Growth in China
Lilly’s first office outside the United States was opened in Shanghai almost a century ago in 1918. Lilly renewed its commitment to China in 1993, establishing our affiliate with 13 employees. Today, the number of Lilly employees in China is about 4,000—more than in any other country outside the U.S. We’ve tripled our sales force since 2008, while expanding our investment in manufacturing and research.
We opened our first manufacturing facility in Suzhou in 1998 and a second in 2011. In late 2013, we announced a $350 million expansion of our second site in Suzhou to manufacture insulin for the Chinese market. In 2011, we established our China R&D head office in Shanghai, and the following year we opened the Lilly China Research and Development Center to focus specifically on type 2 diabetes in China. In addition, our Elanco animal health business invested $100 million in China Animal Healthcare Ltd. in 2013.
Lilly sales in China grew 12 percent in 2013, driven entirely by volume growth, and we have tripled revenues there since 2008. We expect strong revenue growth to continue this year in China—projected to become the world’s second-largest market for pharmaceuticals by 2016.
Gathered with leaders from Lilly China outside its headquarters in Shanghai, John C. Lechleiter, Ph.D., Chairman, Presi- dent, and Chief Executive Officer (center), displays a similar photograph that was taken in the 1920s at a location not far from the current site. J. K. Lilly, Sr., is at the center.
3

 medicines. We believe no other company will be better positioned to meet the needs of people with diabetes across the treatment spectrum. (See page 8.)
In January 2011, Lilly entered into a global alliance with Boehringer Ingelheim to jointly develop and com- mercialize two new oral diabetes therapies: Trajenta®, the oral DPP-4 inhibitor we launched in 2011—now approved in more than 60 countries—and empagliflozin, an SGLT-2 inhibitor. The Lilly-BI partnership also includes Lilly’s new insulin glargine product.
In addition to the products in the alliance, Lilly is advancing our basal insulin peglispro and our GLP-1 receptor agonist, dulaglutide—further expanding the potential reach of our portfolio.
Even as we continue to deliver solid performance with our marketed products, we can take full advantage of our existing commercial footprint as we launch as many as four new diabetes medicines in the next two to three years.
Empagliflozin was submitted for regulatory approval in the U.S., Europe, and Japan in 2013. We’re encouraged by the data from three Phase III studies which all met their primary objectives. We observed statistically significant reductions in HbA1c, a measure of average blood glucose, and
we also saw decreases in body weight and reductions in systolic blood pressure.
Dulaglutide was submitted in late 2013 in the U.S. and Europe. We’ve completed six Phase III trials; dulaglutide
1.5 mg was superior to comparator drugs in lowering HbA1c in five trials, and met the primary endpoint of non-inferiority in the sixth. Further, in the three trials presented to date, we’ve shown that the percent of patients achieving the American Diabetes Association goal for HbA1c was significantly greater than the comparators. Patients taking dulaglutide 1.5 mg also showed weight loss for the duration of those trials.
In combination with our ready-to-use pen delivery device, we believe once-a-week dulaglutide will be a very competitive entry in the GLP-1 market.
In addition to empagliflozin and dulaglutide, we have two basal insulins in late-stage development.
In partnership with Boehringer Ingelheim, we submitted our new insulin glargine product in the U.S., Europe, and Japan in 2013. In addition, Lilly’s next-generation basal insulin, basal insulin peglispro, is currently in Phase III trials. If the studies are successful, we could submit basal insulin peglispro to regulatory authorities as early as this year.
While we believe each of our potential new diabetes medicines will offer important benefits, it is our comprehen- sive portfolio that gives Lilly a unique opportunity to help people with diabetes meet their needs, while contributing significantly to Lilly’s return to growth post-2014.
Building on Lilly Leadership in Oncology
We also reached key milestones last year in oncology, an important area of focus for our company. The unmet need is huge: It’s estimated that, over a lifetime, cancer will strike one of every two men and one of every three women in the United States. We believe that, with our existing products Alimta® and Erbitux®, our late-stage molecules ramucirumab and necitu- mumab—both of which came from our acquisition of ImClone in 2008—and our early- to mid-phase pipeline, we are well-
positioned to continue to be a leader in oncology for many years to come.
Ramucirumab, which could launch this year, has shown positive results in two Phase III trials in patients with ad- vanced gastric cancer. This is a devastat- ing disease with no approved standard of care in the U.S. or Europe.
In 2013, based on data from the REGARD trial, we completed regulatory submissions in the U.S. and Europe for ramucirumab as a single-agent bio-
logic therapy in patients with advanced gastric cancer. Based upon the results of the RAINBOW trial, we also intend to submit an application for ramucirumab in combination with chemotherapy in the first half of 2014.
We recently announced that ramu- cirumab improved overall survival in patients with non-small cell lung cancer
(NSCLC) when combined with chemotherapy in a Phase III trial. We intend to submit the first regulatory application for ramucirumab in NSCLC later this year.
In addition, we have ongoing Phase III ramucirumab trials, expected to read out this year, in liver and colorectal cancer. Depending on the trial data, we could submit the liver cancer indication to regulators before the end of 2014. It’s important to note that a Phase III study of ramucirumab in breast cancer did not meet its primary endpoint.
Along with ramucirumab, we announced positive
Phase III results in 2013 for necitumumab, a fully-human monoclonal antibody. Necitumumab demonstrated increased overall survival as a first-line treatment when patients with stage IV metastatic squamous NSCLC were administered necitumumab in combination with chemotherapy, versus chemotherapy alone.
We believe that necitumumab represents an important milestone for patients with squamous NSCLC—30 percent of all NSCLC patients. This is a difficult-to-treat disease for which there have been very limited advances in the last two decades.
We anticipate submitting necitumumab to regulatory authorities before the end of 2014. If approved, necitumumab would be the first biologic agent approved to treat squamous NSCLC—adding to Lilly’s leadership in lung cancer treatment. (See page 10.)
 Key Contributors to 2013 Revenue Growth
($ in millions represent growth in revenue, percent growth)
Five products and a product line— Cialis, Humalog, Trajenta, Alimta, Axiron, and Animal Health— together generated revenue growth of $937 million during 2013 over 2012. This growth was driven primarily by volume increases.
       4
$160.6 +181% $115.1 +6%
$108.7 +4% $104.7 +142%
$232.6 +12% $215.7 +9%
Cialis Humalog
Trajenta
Animal Health Alimta
Axiron

 Sustaining Discovery and Growth
Although I’ve highlighted late-stage progress in diabetes and oncology, our commitment to innovation extends to all phases of pharmaceutical development, and to every facet of our efforts to bring better medicines to people who need them.
While it might have been easier to slash research and development going into YZ, we stayed the course. And even though our R&D spending is declining in 2014 as the result of our winding down a number of Phase III programs, we still maintain a ratio of R&D to sales that
ranks among the highest in the industry.
And for good reason: these invest- ments are paying off. As recently as 2004, we had a total of seven molecules in Phases II and III combined. Today, we have 12 molecules in Phase III or submission stage, and 25 more in Phase II. (See page 12.) This year we have the potential to initiate Phase III studies for two new molecules: our CDK 4/6 inhibitor for cancer and blosozumab for osteoporosis.
We anticipate internal Phase III
data readouts in 2014 on three potential medicines in autoimmune disease—ixeki- zumab in psoriasis, tabalumab in lupus, and baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis.
In another addition to our biotech
pipeline, Lilly entered into a collaboration
with Pfizer Inc. to co-develop and jointly commercialize tanezumab, a monoclonal
antibody being investigated to treat moderate-to-severe chronic osteoarthritis pain, chronic low back pain, and cancer-related bone pain.
And at year-end, we acquired all development and commercial rights from Arteaus Therapeutics for a CGRP antibody currently being studied as a potential treatment for the prevention of frequent, recurrent migraine headaches.
Our agreement with Arteaus is a product of the Capital Funds Portfolio—an alternative R&D model pioneered by Lilly and our venture capital partners to facilitate early-stage development. The Capital Funds Portfolio is an outgrowth of the FIPNet model we’ve pursued for over a decade to expand innovation beyond our own walls.
The portfolio includes virtual “Project Focused Compa- nies” (PFCs) such as Arteaus, created through partnerships with VC firms. Each PFC is formed around a particular molecule, which may have come from Lilly (as did the CGRP antibody), another pharma company, a biotech firm, or aca- demia. The PFC is a vehicle for critical funding that enables molecules to advance through clinical proof of concept.
This strategy provides a unique way to access molecules, share risks, and expand funding to develop potential new medicines. We’re leaving no stone unturned in our efforts to discover innovative medicines and bring them to patients.
Determination—Our Past and Our Future
Over four years ago we laid out clear goals to address the challenging YZ period, and we put a plan in place to achieve them. We’re executing on that plan—and we’ve delivered results.
In the process, we’ve transformed our company. Today, we are stronger, more resilient, and more effective—better positioned to succeed in an ever-more-challenging global environment. And we intend to build on our momentum.
Advancing our pipeline will continue to be our top priority. And even as we deploy the
resources necessary to launch a series of new medicines in the years ahead, we are determined to sustain the flow of innovation through our pipeline.
The progress we’ve made through the YZ period, and the opportunity we have to turn the corner starting this year, are all thanks to the hard work of my Lilly colleagues and their determination to bring important new medicines to patients. I particularly want to recognize Jacques Tapiero and Liz Klimes—members of our leader- ship team who each served Lilly for 31 years and retired at the end of 2013— and Chito Zulueta, who succeeds Jacques to lead our Emerging Markets business.
And let me offer special thanks to our CFO, Derica Rice, who served as
acting CEO during my absence for surgery in the spring, and to Ellen Marram, the board’s lead independent director, who served as acting chairperson of the board of directors during that time.
Through the course of my surgery and the recovery that followed, I personally experienced the importance of the work we do at Lilly. I received literally dozens of medications, each of which played an important role in reducing the risk of potential complications following surgery and helping me recover and regain the full health that I enjoy today.
The people of Eli Lilly and Company are proving that determination does indeed lead to discovery—and to growth. We intend to seize the compelling opportunities before us to realize our mission of improving people’s lives and to grow our business for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. We are grateful for your support.
For the Board of Directors,
John C. Lechleiter, Ph.D.
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 Revenue Per Employee
($ thousands, percent growth)
In 2013, we improved productivity as revenue per employee increased 3 percent to $609,000.
      09 10 11 12 13
 5
$540 +7%
$602 +11%
$638 +6%
$590 -8%
$609 +3%
