 Dear Fellow Shareholder,
  When I wrote to you last year, I discussed our strategic plan to move the company forward and position it for renewed growth and profitability following one of the most difficult economic periods in modern financial history. While the impact of the global market decline will undoubtedly be felt for many years to come, conditions in the financial markets have improved since March 2009. At Legg Mason, our affiliates have always approached investing from a long-term perspective. We remain highly energized by the positive economic fundamentals and confident in the market opportunities that exist for active long-term managers like us. The economy remains fragile and unemployment is high relative to historic norms. Investors are cautious around improvements in earnings and positive economic data and vulnerable to downward market momentum following negative news, with increased volatility further challenging the strength and sustainability of any recovery. Nonetheless, we believe strongly in the fundamentals of our business and are confident that the opportunities for investing in the next decade will greatly exceed those of the past decade.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, Legg Mason delivered against each of the five key strategic priorities we highlighted last year. We achieved four quarters of strong cash income, experienced improved performance at key managers, delivered growth through distribution and product innovation, and restored strength to our balance sheet, most recently announcing Board approval for a $1 billion share buyback and strong dividend increase. And importantly, in partnership with our affiliates, we took deliberate actions to streamline our business model which will result in a direct increase in operating efficiency and overall profitability.
Mark R. Fetting, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
As of March 31, 2010, Legg Mason’s assets under management were $684.5 billion, an increase of 8% from $632.4 billion as
of March 31, 2009. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, we recorded revenues of $2.6 billion compared to $3.4 billion in fiscal 2009. Net income for the same period was $204.4 million, or $1.32 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $2.0 billion, or $13.99 per diluted share for the prior year, which included money market fund support and goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges. Our cash income, as adjusted,1 was $381.3 million, or $2.45 per diluted share for fiscal year 2010, compared to a cash loss, as adjusted,1 of $1.2 billion, or $8.47 per diluted share for the prior year. Legg Mason’s stock price increased by 80.3% versus a 79.5% increase in the SNL Asset Manager Index for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 and by 91.6% versus 50.0%, respectively, from March 31, 2009 to June 8, 2010.
IMpROvING OuR COMpETITIvE pOSITIONING
Between October 2008 and June 2009, amidst the cyclical global market downturn, we completed a series of significant cost cutting initiatives. As we continued to evaluate the overall capabilities and effectiveness of our business model,
we recognized that additional actions were needed to meet
the realities of our business and address the persistent challenge of depressed operating margins. We worked closely with our affiliates to find the most effective
solution to grow our franchise and achieve a meaningful improvement in margins while protecting the investment independence of our managers and proven multi-affiliate structure. The result of this comprehensive review is a recently announced streamlined business model that will significantly reduce our cost structure and drive considerable margin improvement and profitability.
1 Cash income and cash loss, as adjusted, represents a performance measure that is based on a methodology other than generally accepted accounting principles (“non-GAAP”). For more information regarding this non-GAAP financial measure, see Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report.
LEGG MASON 2010 ANNuAL REpORT 1

 STREAMLINEd BuSINESS MOdEL
We expect that these initiatives will result in cost savings of approximately $130 to $150 million on a run rate basis by the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012 and we anticipate that the net result of these actions should be an improvement in adjusted operating margins on a pro forma basis of 6% to 8%. Our actions will have no impact on our managers’ investment processes or our multi-affiliate structure and we are confident that the resulting increase in capital available for deployment will create more opportunities to enhance value for Legg Mason shareholders over the long term, a win-win for our clients, shareholders, and affiliates.
OuR AFFILIATES AT WORk
Investment performance at our managers improved during the fiscal year. The percentage of our long-term mutual fund assets outperforming their Lipper category average increased from 43% to 62% for the one year, 52% to 68% for the three years, 47% to 70% for the five years, and 75% to 80% for the ten years ended March 31, 2010 as compared to March 31, 2009.
Our affiliate businesses have stabilized and are growing or poised for growth in the coming quarters. Legg Mason Capital Management, Western Asset, and Brandywine experienced meaningful improvement in investment performance this fiscal year and Permal, Royce & Associates, and ClearBridge Advisors experienced continued strong long-term performance. Importantly, our affiliates continue to bring innovative products to market to meet the growing needs of our clients. Western Asset announced a strategic partnership for an actively-managed exchange traded fund in May 2010. Since April 2009, in addition to its first U.S. mutual fund,
the Legg Mason Permal Tactical Allocation Fund, Permal launched three funds with a focus on global absolute returns, secondary market hedge fund opportunities, and China. And in February 2010, we launched the Legg Mason Strategic Real
           Affiliates Investing
 Strategic Services
      Retail Distribution
  Capital Allocation Business Development
     Client & Shareholder Value
        Legg Mason’s streamlined business model is built upon our investment affiliates delivering customized solutions to investors. Our affiliates then leverage strategic corporate services including retail distribution and capital allocation and investing to better serve their clients and, ultimately, deliver value to our shareholders.
The key elements of our streamlined model are as follows:
• Certain shared services, particularly in areas that support our investment operations, that were previously handled at the corporate level, will transition to our investment affiliates where they will be closer to the client relationship and can be delivered with greater effectiveness;
• Strategic services, such as retail distribution, enterprise risk management, capital allocation, and investing in and with investment affiliates, will remain at the corporate level, and our shareholders will realize greater benefit from Legg Mason-sourced domestic retail assets; and,
• Fiscal year 2011 growth initiatives will include a greater focus on distribution and international growth, the pursuit of additional lift-out and bolt-on transactions, and the expansion of capital available to seed products.
In November 2009, we launched the Western Asset Global Corporate defined Opportunity Fund (NYSE: GdO), a new closed-end fund that raised $302.0 million. Since the beginning of calendar year 2009, Legg Mason has launched four closed- end fund offerings, raising nearly $1 billion.
    2 LEGG MASON 2010 ANNuAL REpORT

  Royce & Associates focuses primarily on domestic and international small-cap value portfolios by paying close attention to risk and striving to maintain consistency and discipline, regardless of market movements and trends. Members of
the company’s investment team include Chuck Royce (far right), (left to right) Whitney George, Buzz Zaino and Charlie dreifus.
Return Fund, an inflation-aware tactical asset allocation fund that targets the retirement sector.
Among the individual accolades received and achievements by our firm during the year are the following:
• In the annual Barron’s ranking of best mutual fund families, Legg Mason ranked #6 out of 61 for the one year, #46 out of 54 for the five years, and #13 out of 48 for the ten years ending December 31, 2009;
• Six Western Asset funds, two Royce & Associates funds and one Legg Mason Investment Counsel fund received 2010 Lipper Awards based on consistently strong risk-adjusted performance relative to their peers;
• ClearBridge Advisors was selected by Pax World and Morningstar to serve as a subadvisor in their new
ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) asset allocation offering in four strategies: Aggressive Growth, Growth, Moderate, and Conservative;
• Four Legg Mason Capital Management funds and one Royce & Associates fund ranked in The Wall Street Journal’s
Legg Mason Japan, headed by Hirohisa Tajima, received the
Best Group award in the Mixed Assets Category over three years at the Japan Lipper Fund Awards 2010. The Lipper group awards recognize investment fund groups with the highest average scores for all funds within a particular category.
list of “Category Kings” based on one-year total returns ending March 31, 2010; and,
• Western Asset’s Global Inflation-Linked composite won the 2010 Investment Performance Award from AsianInvestor magazine in the Global Fixed Income, Inflation-Linked category for institutional funds management,2 and the Department of the Treasury selected the firm as one of the managers of the Public-Private Investment Partnership via a newly created joint venture between Western Asset and The RLJ Companies in July 2009.
LEvERAGING OuR dISTRIBuTION FOOTpRINT
We know that in order to stay competitive, we will need to focus on opportunities to deliver top line growth. Our retail distribution platform is organized into two distinct teams: Americas and International. On the Americas side, we are beginning to see important results from our refocused strategy that places greater emphasis on certain channels, product innovation, and cross-selling opportunities, all in a more streamlined organization. In the last quarter of fiscal year 2010, Americas Distribution realized their first quarter
    2 AsianInvestor is owned by Haymarket Publishing, which is not affiliated with Legg Mason.
LEGG MASON 2010 ANNuAL REpORT 3

   in three years of net inflows. We raised nearly $1 billion in four Western Asset closed-end funds since the beginning
of calendar year 2009 and over $700 million in Brandywine large-cap value subadvised accounts. And in fiscal year 2010, we established over 13,000 new relationships with financial advisors and continued to gain product placement on distribution platforms.
In our International business, we continue to build momentum across our key markets and product areas, growing assets by 45% or $12.5 billion this fiscal year. Our International Distribution group has posted five consecutive quarters of net long-term inflows through March of 2010, and we believe that a tremendous opportunity exists to leverage our established global footprint and client base.
With meaningful sales improvements in both Americas and International, we feel that we are well positioned and focusing on the right products in the right channels. We remain hard at work and, importantly, believe that the infrastructure we have in place is capable of supporting substantially greater distribution volume. As of March 31, 2010, $238.4 billion or 35% of our assets under management were from clients domiciled outside of the United States and we believe that percentage will continue to grow.
STRENGTHENING OuR BALANCE SHEET
From a capital perspective, we made significant strides in restoring our balance sheet after weathering the credit crisis in 2008, first, by completing an exchange offer for equity units in August 2009, effectively converting approximately $1 billion of debt to shareholder equity and reducing related interest expense. As a result of this transaction, we dramatically improved our interest coverage ratios and realized GAAP and cash earnings accretion beginning in
Our largest equity manager, ClearBridge Advisors, pursues its goal of delivering consistently superior investment performance through a combination of research-driven, fundamental investing and the insights of veteran portfolio managers. Evan Bauman and Richie Freeman (left to right) manage several of ClearBridge Advisors’ growth portfolios, including the Legg Mason ClearBridge Aggressive Growth Fund which has been in existence since 1983.
the December 2009 quarter. In January 2010, we lowered our debt further by paying down a $550 million term loan with a tax refund and cash on hand.
And most recently, with over $1 billion of excess cash on our balance sheet and sustained cash generation, our Board authorized the repurchase of up to $1 billion of common stock, which we believe is a very compelling use of our capital given our expectations for the future of Legg Mason. An initial $300 million will be repurchased by September of
A permal diversified multi-manager fixed income fund won both the Fixed Income & Credit Award from InvestHedge at their 2010 Fund of Hedge Funds Awards in New York and the HFM Week “Fund of Hedge Funds Multi Strategy Over $1 Billion” award at their 2010 European performance Awards in London. Funds managed by the permal Group were also shortlisted in seven InvestHedge award categories.
                                 WINNER
FIXeD IncoMe & creDIt
     FunD oF HeDge FunDs MultI strAtegy over $1Bn
 4 LEGG MASON 2010 ANNuAL REpORT

  Legg Mason’s 2010 Singapore Investment Forum, attended by more than 500 clients in the Asia region, included a panel discussion showcasing some of our diverse managers: (left to right) Bo kratz from permal, Julia Ho from Western Asset, patrick Tan from Congruix Investment Management, and Bill Miller from Legg Mason Capital Management.
2010 and we expect subsequent shares to be repurchased
as appropriate. We will continue to take a conservative approach to capital management, with a strategic desire
to maintain flexibility to invest in other areas of our business as the need arises.
LOOkING AHEAd
A key element of our efficient, streamlined business model will be a greater availability of capital to invest in growing our affiliates and driving shareholder value. In the near term, we will accomplish this through investments in bolt-on or lift-out transactions, such as Legg Mason’s bolt-on acquisition of Wyper Capital Management in March 2010 that brings global all-cap investment expertise to Royce
& Associates. Furthermore, during the past twelve months alone, Legg Mason provided approximately $150 million
of seed capital to our managers, and we have made meaningful additions to investment teams at several other affiliates and anticipate these types of additive transactions to continue under our streamlined business model.
Our rate of outflows declined substantially from last fiscal year, but we know that we must do better. We are encouraged by the results of fiscal 2010 and our improved performance. Given the lag that often exists between improved performance and a pickup in flows, we recognize that we must now work on maintaining our investment results.
We believe in our investment-centric, multi-manager structure. We believe that it is an attractive model that provides the right environment for our managers to deliver world-class, long-term investment results and that combined with the above-described actions, Legg Mason will emerge stronger and more competitive. Our priorities in fiscal year 2011 are clear: deliver on our fundamental
goal of sustained investment excellence, execute on our streamlined business model to achieve meaningful margin enhancement, and continue to invest in our affiliates through the addition of new product capabilities, our distribution platform, and our people for future growth. Our philosophy remains that our clients’ interests come first and that by focusing on our clients, our shareholders will be rewarded.
AppRECIATION ANd CLOSING
Before closing, I want to acknowledge with sincere gratitude the commitment and contributions of Roger Schipke, who will be retiring from our Board of Directors later this year after twenty years of dedicated service. Roger has been an invaluable member of our Board and we wish him continued future success.
We remain encouraged by the improving economic fundamentals and are confident that even with the ongoing market volatility, the future is promising. Legg Mason is making strong progress in delivering results to our clients and our shareholders, but we are not resting here—we know that there is more work to be done as we continue to evolve and adapt our business for long-term success.
Mark R. Fetting
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 10, 2010
  LEGG MASON 2010 ANNuAL REpORT 5
