 Dear Clients
and Fellow Shareholders,
I am pleased to report a strong year of progress in executing our strategy
of expanding choice for investors, which we continue to pursue and achieve
— diversifying options for clients across investment strategies, with different products and vehicles and through additional and innovative access portals, all while continuing to return a significant amount of capital to our shareholders.
This year we were pleased to add new capabilities in private equity real estate through our addition of Clarion Partners and in alternatives through our addition of EnTrust Capital, which we combined with an existing affiliate to form EnTrustPermal. We invested in new product technology through a minority investment in Precidian Investments, a leader in vehicle innovation, particularly with ETFs. Finally, we expanded our alternative distribution capabilities through our acquisition of Financial Guard.
We believe that our strategy of expanding client choice, effected through increasing diversification, has become even more important during this time of serious challenges for our clients and meaningful disruption within our industry.
The disconnect between what investors need financially to preserve their future and what the markets and benchmark strategies are projected to return over the next several years is growing. The impact and ramifications of this disconnect are wide-ranging and are not to be minimized. However, it is this very disconnect that underscores the fundamental need for strong, effective, active asset management, a need that we believe is greater than ever. And the good news is that there are solutions for the increasing and evolving needs of our clients.
3 Legg Mason AR2017
Legg Mason AR2017 3
Joseph A. Sullivan,
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

It is precisely these increasing preferences for varied and easy access, deeper levels of engagement and higher levels of satisfaction that support our strategy for becoming the firm of choice by expanding client choice through diversification.”
 Further, at this critical time of need for WHAT we do, our industry faces an existential challenge around HOW we do it: the industry is being fundamentally disrupted in multiple ways that will permanently reshape the asset management landscape. This creates an opportunity for those asset managers that respond to changing industry dynamics
and reposition themselves for a very different future.
This disruption that we are experiencing is not altogether different from that which has affected other industries and, for those managers willing to evolve and change, learning from others can actually serve to create a differentiating growth opportunity. We believe that
Legg Mason is just such a firm.
Investor preferences and expectations are evolving at
a rapid pace, influenced by their experiences in other consumer segments. In particular, investors increasingly expect to be engaged in more aspects of their investment experience. So, at a time when investors need WHAT we do more than ever, they also expect us to respond to HOW they want to be served.
For a business that has long focused heavily on relative benchmarks to measure performance, our clients are now benchmarking the entirety of their investment experience with us against their other consumer experiences ... at a time when they have more and more diverse options, should they be less than satisfied with their traditional ones.
It is precisely these increasing preferences for varied and easy access, deeper levels of engagement and higher levels of satisfaction that support our strategy for becoming
the firm of choice by expanding client choice through diversification.
Investors, retail and institutional, all over the world, in both developed and emerging economies, need thoughtful solutions from the asset management industry to address their increasingly complex client needs that are as diverse as they are personal to the end client.
At the same time, world economies are in need of investment capital — whether to fund water projects in emerging markets, rebuild infrastructure in developed markets, or fuel growth across all sectors of the global economy. Asset managers are an essential connector in facilitating capital flows between those with excess capital to invest and those who need capital to grow: the industry’s raison d’être has never been more clear ... or challenged.
A need for diversification and the necessity of active management
Evolving demographics, relatively slow global growth and persistently low inflation are contributing to the increasing disparity or disconnect between the return needs of investors and the expected beta returns of the global markets.
“Market” returns are simply unlikely to generate the income or the growth required by individuals and institutions to meet their future needs, and therefore
a combination of diversification beyond traditional asset classes and geographies with the alpha-generating potential of active asset management is needed to help close that gap.
Investors need to access global markets and expand beyond traditional investment strategies to diversify their portfolios, mitigate volatility and generate alpha. Asset managers
with scaled, broad capabilities in traditional markets and specialized expertise beyond mainstream asset classes can provide such needed diversification. We are pleased that Legg Mason is better positioned than ever to deliver that diversification, for greater client choice, across asset classes globally, through multiple products and vehicles, and all accessible in multiple ways.
At the same time, the industry faces meaningful disruption coming from a number of fronts, including competitors offering very low-cost, market capitalization- oriented passive strategies that appear, for the moment, to be an attractive option. This is understandable, as many
         4 Legg Mason AR2017

 active managers have failed to deliver meaningful returns to justify their higher fees — but it provides opportunity for those managers who deliver investment results.
The regulatory environment continues to expand, rewriting the rules of what is expected and how managers are to engage with clients.
These changes are designed to protect investors further from potential conflicts of interest by increasing transparency and disclosure. Ensuring investor confidence is critical. However, these regulations compel asset managers to revise or modify many of their operating processes and procedures.
And finally, technology will continue to be an enormous driver of change across all aspects of the industry, including the investment process itself, how the industry distributes its strategies and through operational efficiency.
While all of this is challenging in the near term,
we believe the industry will improve as a result and ultimately investors should benefit through better pricing and enhanced service.
Perhaps the most disruptive of forces faced by the industry is the degree to which individual investors increasingly
are becoming more involved in their investment decisions, driving managers to respond to their shifting preferences. Investors expect a complete, tailored financial plan that
is informed by their needs, anticipates and plans for unforeseen circumstances, is intuitive, easily accessible and cost-effective. Investors today expect to dictate what they want, how and when they want it ... and what they’re willing to pay for it.
And these investors have options.
Expanding client choice
In response to this evolving investor dynamic, we have been intentional in repositioning Legg Mason over the
past few years to provide expanded client choice. We believe that we can now provide investors with deeper insight and greater options for how to use single investment strategies or combine them to achieve the solutions and outcomes they desire. Specifically, through a number of transactions over the past four years, we have expanded choice for our clients across investment strategies, product and vehicle capabilities and enhanced client access.
           Executive Committee
Left to right: Peter H. Nachtwey, Chief Financial Officer; Ursula A. Schliessler, Chief Administrative Officer; Thomas K. Hoops, Head of Business Development; Joseph A. Sullivan, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Thomas C. Merchant, General Counsel; Terence A. Johnson, Head of Global Distribution
Not pictured: Frances L. Cashman, Global Head of Communications & Engagement; John D. Kenney, Global Head of Affiliate Strategic Initiatives; Patricia Lattin, Chief Human Resources Officer
                                                       Legg Mason AR2017 5
      
While all of this is challenging in the near term, the industry will improve as a result, and ultimately investors should benefit through better pricing and enhanced service.”
 Our previous acquisitions of QS Investors, Martin Currie and RARE Infrastructure provided investment expertise in customized client solutions, non-U.S. equity and
listed infrastructure strategies. With QS Investors in particular, Legg Mason now provides multi-asset class models and solutions to help investors optimize their portfolios, consistent with their investment objectives and risk tolerance. In Martin Currie, we offer investors differentiated exposure to the global and emerging markets in higher alpha-potential strategies. And in Sydney-based RARE Infrastructure, we acquired a listed infrastructure investment capability at a time in which global infrastructure financing needs and capital seeking an attractive return are both rising.
This year, we extended our alternative expertise with
the combined EnTrustPermal so that now, in addition
to our comingled funds-of-funds capability, we can provide investors with the meaningful return potential associated with co-investment and direct lending strategies.
The acquisition of Clarion Partners brings world-class investment expertise in private equity commercial real estate, an asset class that continues to experience a robust growth in global demand.
In addition to expanding client choice across asset class strategies, we have made important investments and acquisitions to support expanded product, vehicle and client access options. Specifically, we have bolstered our vehicle development capabilities with critical hires of highly experienced professionals and our investment in and partnership with Precidian Investments, a recognized thought and vehicle development leader in ETFs. We
are very encouraged with the potential to expand vehicle choice through our ETF development work, much of which we expect to launch this year.
Through our acquisition of Financial Guard this past year, we are beginning to expand digital access options for our clients. We believe that this particular investment, while early-stage, holds great long-term promise for expanding the manner in which our clients may
choose to engage with us in years to come.
Responding to evolving client needs and expanding choice for what and how clients want to invest is what has driven our repositioning activity for the past several years and we see Legg Mason as better positioned than ever to become the firm OF choice for investors.
The foundation of all our efforts remains a focus
on a consequential corporate mission: Investing to Improve LivesSM... and that mission extends to multiple constituencies, beginning with investors.
Increasingly, clients expect their investments to be doing good while doing well, and without sacrificing quality, performance, convenience or price in the process. To that end, in various ways, our managers incorporate principles of responsible investing (PRI) into their investment process at eight of our nine affiliates.
We are also delivering on our mission to financial stakeholders by continuing to be a leader in the rate of capital returned to shareholders.
We work to improve the lives of employees through increased investment in individual training, development and benefits. Legg Mason was voted a “Best Places to Work in Money Management” for the second consecutive year
in Pensions & Investments’ annual survey of employee satisfaction, a gratifying endorsement.
And finally, we feel compelled to improve the lives of those in our communities through the Legg Mason Foundation and CSR initiatives around the world.
I look forward to reporting to you on our continued progress next year, and I remain most grateful for your continued confidence and support, as we remain passionate about delivering results for you.
Joseph A. Sullivan,
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
          6 Legg Mason AR2017
