DEAR CLIENTS AND FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
I write you following the completion of my first year as CEO, very pleased to share the results of a year of great progress for our Legg Mason.
During this past year, I have been so proud to see our organization move forward, together, in service of our clients and shareholders, as we begin returning Legg Mason to a position of industry leadership. This new fiscal year, it is our commitment to build further on the clear momentum that we now enjoy.
Our Fiscal 2014 was a year of difficult but important decisions that involved streamlining our Company where appropriate, while adding resources and capabilities opportunistically, all with a clear focus on “Building a Better Legg Mason” and positioning the Company for growth: our number one priority for Fiscal 2015.
As we look ahead, fully appreciating the sacred trust our clients place in us, we feel an even greater sense of purpose and determination to help solve the financial challenges we all face: achieving financial security and growth in what remains a turbulent global economy.
We strongly believe that we have the talent and resources, properly aligned and focused, to help our clients navigate these challenges.
We remain confident that our business model, combining highly- performing, independent investment managers and global retail distribution, is not only differentiated in the marketplace, but distinctive. This model, successfully executed, provides the foundation to deliver for clients and, in turn, our shareholders, in two essential ways: by achieving compelling investment returns in appropriate products and strategies that are effectively distributed on a global basis. We are quite pleased to have made progress on both investment performance and distribution last year, and we expect to build upon those improvements in the year ahead.
We see the Legg Mason of the future with fewer but larger Affiliates, focused on delivering compelling investment results for investors, more comprehensive investment capabilities that reflect evolving client demand and needs, and an increasingly productive operating team to support
both our Affiliates and global distribution platform. We believe that strong execution of this vision will improve our organic AUM growth rate; increase revenue generation; and further diversify our business by client, asset class and geography to yield increasingly better results for both our clients and fellow shareholders this coming year and beyond.
The Year in Review: Change and Action
Our work this past year was one of deliberate action, centered on three fundamental imperatives: improving operating productivity, leveraging our global distribution platform and strengthening our independent, multi- Affiliate model to be more competitive and effective.
Leadership Changes—We strengthened our Board of Directors with the addition of our new non-executive Chairman, Dennis Kass, and Directors John Myers, John Murphy and John Davidson (elected in May), all of whom add diverse and broad business and asset management expertise.
Joseph A. Sullivan
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Legg Mason 1

I’m grateful for the insight and counsel of these new Directors and look forward to our collaboration as we progress.
Additionally, I am very pleased that Tom Hoops joined Legg Mason to lead the critical business and product development effort at the senior executive level. Having most recently managed the Affiliated Managers Division within the
asset management group at Wells Fargo, Tom appreciates our diverse, multi-Affiliate model and, as such, is quite comfortable and effective in bringing together our Affiliates, the executive team and the broader organization around common objectives.
Improving Operating Productivity—We introduced
a LEAN/Six Sigma efficiency initiative to the Company
that resulted in both short- and long-term benefits to
the organization. Several hundred employees worldwide were trained to lead an evolution of our corporate DNA
to embrace the practice of Kaizen, or “continuous improvement.” The Legg Mason of the future is committed to operating the firm with a high degree of efficiency and effectiveness, which is more than just a matter of fiscal prudence, but also a competitive necessity. This important productivity initiative has already yielded a meaningful reduction in our spend, which we are redeploying to our critical growth engine, Legg Mason Global Distribution.
Leveraging Our Global Distribution Platform—It is clear that we now operate in a more complex market environment with low real economic growth and interest rates, particularly in mature economies. This sober reality means that, to accomplish their long-term objectives, investors need to consider looking across asset classes and beyond the borders of regional geographies in new ways when investing. This is the real “new reality” that our investor clients face, and the implications for asset managers
are significant. Size, reach and diversity of products and
strategies are essential to meet these evolving client needs; and managers that offer a broad, truly global perspective and investment strategy palette will succeed disproportionately in the marketplace.
We believe that Legg Mason is competitively positioned to capture just such opportunity.
While still in modest long-term outflow, we made significant progress this past year in distribution across the Company, with net long-term asset flows improving by approximately $28 billion. Strong performance in both our institutional and retail channels was highlighted by our global retail platform achieving record gross sales, increasing 15% over the prior year.
Despite that improvement, we believe that we can dramatically grow our sales and improve net flows over the next few years, but to do so will require thinking and acting differently, embracing change as our clients and the markets change. Specifically, to better serve a larger and broader set of global clients, our sales and client service teams must have even deeper product knowledge, listen and engage with our clients more effectively, and be better prepared to offer innovative products and solutions that meet their needs.
In addition to working harder and being opportunistic, “winning” firms will also need to work smarter, with costs for all managers rising, as more is expected of us by clients, distribution partners and regulators than ever before.
In working smarter, we are investing thoughtfully and strategically to innovate and harness the power of technology, enabling us to better understand and serve our clients more effectively and efficiently.
Utilizing technology to collect and analyze client segmentation and geographic dispersion data, we created
 The Board’s Perspective
Your Company concluded this fiscal year with strong and improving business and financial results. Assets under management increased because of positive stock market trends, broadly competitive investment performance and dramatic improvement in net flows. Rising revenues, continued expense discipline and prudent capital management have driven higher profitability and favorable absolute and relative returns for investors in Legg Mason.
CEO Joe Sullivan has led strategic initiatives to significantly enhance investment and distribution capabilities—creating
a more focused Affiliate lineup, increasing product offerings through innovation and acquisitions, and expanding the Company’s reach in global distribution channels. Your Board enthusiastically supports his plans to foster investment excellence firm-wide, improve the quality and efficiency of business operations, and accelerate the growth of revenues and profits.
We sincerely thank Harold Adams, John Koerner and John Cahill for their superb and diverse contributions as Directors of Legg Mason. In the fiscal year, we welcomed two new Directors to the Board: John Myers and John Murphy, both veteran industry leaders; and in May we welcomed John Davidson, a seasoned financial executive and public company director.
The Board will remain vigilant in working to fulfill our fiduciary responsibilities of supervision and oversight, on behalf of you, the owners of Legg Mason.
Respectfully,
Dennis M. Kass Chairman of the Board
 2 Legg Mason
