 About Legg Mason
           Global asset management firm
FOUNDED IN 1899
Headquartered in
BALTIMORE, MD, USA
Listed as a public company for
32 YEARS
Our global network 31 LOCATIONS WORLDWIDE
Nearly
3000 EMPLOYEES
 Dear clients and fellow shareholders,
I am pleased to report another year of important financial and strategic progress for our Legg Mason.
My Affiliate and corporate Legg Mason colleagues have successfully delivered a year of growth in revenue, anchored by positive long-term flows.
Most importantly, the investment performance that we have delivered for our clients broadly remains strong, with over 80% of strategy AUM beating benchmarks for the critically important three, five and 10 year time periods.
Building upon this success will take continued hard work and discipline. I know that I speak for all at Legg Mason when I say that we embrace both the responsibility and the challenge associated with the pursuit of continuous improvement.
As we look ahead, we see an industry in
the midst of substantial challenge and change and we believe Legg Mason is very well positioned to perform and succeed for all
of our critical stakeholders.
What makes us so confident?
In a world rife with conflict, and markets characterized by increasing volatility and uncertainty, investors are demanding more. They expect...and deserve...to know that those they have entrusted with their financial future have their best interests foremost in mind.
Joseph A. Sullivan, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Opportunities for those firms that can respond
to this dynamic landscape are plentiful.
We are fortunate to have the right people, culture and mission and a business model that adapts
as our industry is being redefined. Ours is a Company that has been created, over many years, for just this purpose and for just this moment; we accept this important responsibility and we are committed to seizing the opportunity before us.
The people of Legg Mason have long embraced a “client first” culture, while recognizing that we are stewards of our shareholders’ capital. These two ideals are not at all in conflict but are, instead, complementary.
And it is our mission, investing to improve lives, which ultimately ties together our people, our culture and our model, in pursuit of delivering exceptional results for our stakeholders.
The confluence of need and opportunity make this an important and exciting time for our Legg Mason.
 Legg Mason AR2015 3

  The confluence of need and opportunity make this an important and exciting time for our Legg Mason.
 A year of continuous improvement
For fiscal year 2015, we delivered our second consecutive year of growth in both our operating revenues and adjusted operating margin, even while making significant investments in our Global Distribution Platform, which we believe will increase sales and persistency of Assets Under Management in the long run.
We continue to lead the industry in the rate of return of capital to shareholders, spending over $350 million to repurchase our shares during fiscal year 2015, while increasing our dividend rate by 23%.
We took several strategic actions during the year, consistent with building a better Legg Mason.
First, we added QS Investors, a quantitative multi-asset class solutions provider, which when combined with Batterymarch Financial and Legg Mason Global Asset Allocation, creates a powerful quantitative manager in the rapidly growing “solutions” category.
Next, we added Edinburgh, Scotland-based Martin Currie to provide us with a non-U.S. equity platform, filling a longstanding investment capability need for Legg Mason and our clients.
QS and Martin Currie are terrific firms, with highly talented professionals, who share our core cultural tenets and make us better. We are thrilled that they have joined our family of Affiliates.
We divested our wealth management Affiliate, Legg Mason Investment Counsel, which no longer fit within our strategic vision. We are grateful
for the contributions of the team over the years and know that their new ownership is a better platform for promoting their growth.
We also took advantage of historically low interest rates to extend our debt and lock in low long-term rates, a move we believe will look very prescient over the long term. We were extremely pleased that our debt offerings were so well received in the marketplace, reflecting the attractiveness
of Legg Mason as a credit to lenders.
Capping it all, we achieved nearly $17 billion in long-term inflows. This was the first year
of positive net long-term flows in the past eight and an improvement approaching $50 billion in just two years...a breathtaking performance at a time when flows for active managers were meaningfully challenged.
Our global distribution platform was broadly positive in flows across clients, channels and geographies, highlighting the importance of the diversification we currently enjoy and are working to extend.
Legg Mason’s culture of respect: An important differentiator
Legg Mason has long enjoyed a special culture that reflects a deep respect for our many stakeholders.
One core element of that culture we define as “No Chalk.”
Evolved over 100 years of serving investors,
“No Chalk” is understood and practiced worldwide by all Legg Mason colleagues. It expresses the expectation that we conduct our business well “in-bounds,” never so much as nearing the
“out of bounds” chalk lines of unethical territory.
 4 Legg Mason AR2015

 This culture has been protected, passionately and without compromise, throughout many challenging market environments and remains a bedrock of the Company today.
It is my job...and that of all Legg Mason employees...to take this “client first” culture,
so engrained in the Company’s corporate DNA, and extend it in an even more proactive fashion.
This “No Chalk” mindset and our unique business model position us to best serve the evolving financial needs of our clients with new and differentiated solutions in an increasingly interconnected and complex world.
Another of our core cultural elements recognizes that we are stewards of our shareholder’s capital.
Over the past two years, we have undertaken productivity training, embracing six-sigma concepts to ensure that Legg Mason operates with a high degree of efficiency and effectiveness. As our CFO, Pete Nachtwey, likes to remind
our colleagues: We all must hold dear our shareholders’ checkbooks!
Like “No Chalk,” this cost-stewardship mentality has embedded itself in our corporate DNA.
These are two of the cultural characteristics that define and guide Legg Mason in pursuit of our mission to improve the lives of our clients through investing.
The Legg Mason Model: A competitive advantage
We are firmly committed to our “best of both worlds” business model to deliver optimal results for both our clients and shareholders. A few other firms embrace the “multi-manager” model...but none execute it as uniquely as Legg Mason.
We are a pure-play asset manager. We honor
the investment independence and operating autonomy of our Affiliates, while offering world class retail distribution, product development
and certain other shared services on a centralized basis. This yields meaningful advantages of scale.
Executive Committee
(Left to right)
Ursula Schliessler,
Chief Administrative Officer
Pete Nachtwey,
Chief Financial Officer
Tom Hoops,
Head of Business Development Joe Sullivan,
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Tom Merchant,
General Counsel
Terry Johnson,
Head of Global Distribution
   Legg Mason AR2015 5

This model, combining the best of what multi-managers and integrated firms have to offer, affords the benefits of scale without the investment mediocrity that can often accompany it — hence the “best of both worlds.” This model increasingly resonates with investors and potential new Affiliates.
A critical component of our multi-Affiliate model is the diversification of our business.
We continue to diversify our business investments across asset classes and over a multitude of client channels and geographies. This purposefully avoids leaving us dependent upon any single investment strategy or market.
It is likely that we may often have one or more Affiliate or asset classes performing well, while others might be challenged. We firmly believe that such a diversified business delivers better results for both clients and shareholders through market cycles.
Critical to the successful execution of our business model is a foundation rooted in mutual accountability. We recognize the symbiotic
relationship we enjoy with our Affiliates but
it is our mutual commitment to accountability to one another that drives execution and results.
Legg Mason intends to be the firm of choice for investors globally, for current and future Affiliates, and for talented professionals. Exceptional execution of our model will make this intention a reality.
While not perfected...we have significantly improved the execution of our model; to that end, we are seeing significantly heightened interest in Legg Mason by investors, asset managers and professionals.
A clear and enduring mission for Legg Mason is essential
We aspire to be a great global company in the asset management business that, through investing, meaningfully impacts the lives of all the constituencies with whom we interact.
That’s a tall order but one with a consequential purpose. Reaching high and declaring bold ambitions are only meaningful if we deliver ...and we eagerly accept that accountability.
 Environmental, Social and Governance Investing — ESG
More investors each day are coming to believe that focusing on ESG principles can help deliver what everyone wants: superior, risk-adjusted performance over the long term.
Assets under management in ESG investments are growing steadily, as both the number and type of options increase across asset classes. Some large global consulting firms have even explicitly incorporated ESG into their investment belief statements.
ESG investing has moved far beyond its origins
in the late 1800s, when it was primarily a way for religious organizations to avoid owning “sin stocks.” The emphasis now is on actively finding companies with quality attributes — environmental and product safety, workforce diversity, employee retention and strong corporate governance — that can positively impact future shareholder value.
ESG choices have grown not only in AUM but
in sheer variety. These include everything from index and smart beta funds to quant strategies and different approaches to shareholder engagement. Entire asset allocations can be constructed consistent with ESG principles, including public and private equity, fixed income and alternative assets.
At ClearBridge Investments, all companies considered for investment are given an ESG
rating, updated annually. Likewise, at Martin Currie, governance and sustainability considerations are fully integrated into the investment process. This can be collaborative: portfolio managers work with companies that want to improve ESG performance through direct engagement and proxy voting.
ClearBridge Investments, Martin Currie and Permal are all signatories to the Principals for Responsible Investment, reflecting the importance of that commitment.
                                6 Legg Mason AR2015

  We must act proactively and “invest to improve the lives” of our constituents; adding to and strengthening our deep corporate “No Chalk” culture with a mission, a purpose...a “why?”... that drives everything we do, every day.
And this “why?” — combined with an emphasis on execution excellence — is what will distinguish Legg Mason in both the short term and over the long run, making us an enduring global leader
in asset management.
We are sober about the challenges we will face, as we execute against this standard: it requires a sensitive balancing of a delicate ecosystem to achieve success.
Multiple constituencies must be satisfied: clients, regulators, shareholders and bondholders, along with our employees and the communities in which we operate. All have a stake in the outcomes we deliver and our success as a firm.
The themes we have chosen for this and our past two Annual Reports have been quite intentional.
Two years ago we declared that we could only succeed if we moved “Forward Together” and we have done just that.
Last year, we recognized that we were “Building Momentum” and we clearly are.
This year, we pursue “Expanding Opportunities.” Our goal is to make this happen for our multiple constituencies, starting with clients and ultimately ending with my Legg Mason colleagues.
We intend to deliver.
Expanding opportunities is about enriching the lives of our stakeholders through the exceptional execution of our business, investing in the careers of our employees, engaging in activities that strengthen our communities, and building
a strong and lasting Legg Mason for us all.
Expanding opportunities for this ecosystem and investing to improve the lives of all within it is our deepest passion, our driving force and our lasting commitment.
On behalf of all of my colleagues at Legg Mason,
I am grateful that you are joining us on this important journey. I thank you for your continued trust and support and please know that we are committed to continue earning both in this coming year and beyond.
Joseph A. Sullivan,
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
We aspire to be a great global company in the asset management business that, through investing, meaningfully impacts the lives of all the constituencies with whom we interact.
   Legg Mason AR2015 7
