 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
Operationally and financially, Lockheed Martin is stronger than ever. Our consistent performance on the overwhelming majority of programs, and the company’s ability to win new business across the board, has sustained the momentum and financial strength built through years of adhering to a strategy of disciplined growth. A focus on cash, operational excellence, and strategically placed acquisitions has served us well through the current economic downturn.
(Photograph – From left to right: Ralph D. Heath, Executive Vice President, Aeronautics; Joanne M. Maguire, Executive Vice President, Space Systems; Robert J. Stevens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Bruce L. Tanner, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Linda R. Gooden, Executive Vice President, Information Systems & Global Services; Christopher E. Kubasik, Executive Vice President, Electronic Systems.)
 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 1 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

Financial Strength
Overall, 2008 was an excellent year for Lockheed Martin as sales reached a record $42.7 billion, and we grew our earnings per share for the seventh consecutive year at a double-digit rate, from $7.10 in 2007 to $7.86 in 2008. The fourth quarter of the year represented the 24th consecutive quarter of positive cash from operations. We repurchased $2.9 billion of stock, reduced more than $600 million in long- term debt, and paid dividends totaling $737 million during 2008. It was the sixth year in a row that we have increased our dividend payment in excess of ten percent.
Our strong cash position has allowed us to seek targeted acquisitions that add value to the portfolio and are consistent with
our core and closely adjacent businesses. One such acquisition in 2008 was Eagle Group International LLC, which provides logistics, information technology,
training, and healthcare services to the Department of Defense. The acquisition of Eagle Group extends our logistics and business process outsourcing capabilities, fortifies our relationships with several key U.S. Army customers, and enhances our support for military force recapitalization and modernization.
In 2008, we completed the acquisition
of Aculight Corporation which provides laser-based solutions for national defense and aerospace customers. The company has expertise in countermeasures, laser radar, high power directed energy, and medical products.
In early 2009, we established Lockheed Martin Australia after acquiring in 2008 the remainder of the defense and intelligence business of RLM Systems Pty, Ltd. With Lockheed Martin Australia we deepen
our commitment to the Australian defense and government customer. It also reflects Lockheed Martin’s strategy to grow its international business, and continue to forge mutually beneficial partnerships
with government and industry worldwide. Today, we have partnerships, joint ventures, and other business in more than 75 countries.
Lockheed Martin: A National Asset
With a new presidential administration and a new Congress, we recognize the potential for budgetary pressure that could impact defense spending and procurement priorities. In the approved fiscal year 2009 budget, we do see continued
growth in key areas that are important
to Lockheed Martin’s global security business. Acquisitions and the successful pursuit of new business opportunities have established and enhanced our position
in logistics, sustainment, and advanced warfare capabilities. Lockheed Martin is positioned to succeed as a result of strategic initiatives that have expanded our product and service offerings to the U.S. government and allied nations.
Lockheed Martin remains firmly committed to providing our customers with the effective solutions they require to address their most significant and complex challenges. As a company of
 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 2 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

146,000 dedicated and supremely talented individuals, we work to strengthen the national defense; safeguard the homeland; and provide critical systems and services for the civilian agencies of the federal government.
As a company entrusted with these missions, Lockheed Martin is more than a leading systems integrator and aerospace company – it is a national asset. We view Lockheed Martin as a critical resource, not only because of this enterprise’s service to the national security of the United States and its allies, but also in the contributions this company makes to the economy in terms of jobs and job creation.
Remaining competitive and able to shape the game in a changing industry requires that our management team encourages innovation at every level. Lockheed Martin’s entrepreneurial edge has been a key differentiator in this industry. In 2008, our Advanced Development Programs, the famed Skunk Works, was recognized for its 65 years of service in peacetime and in war with the National Medal of Technology and Innovation presented by the president of the United States.
Global Security At The Leading Edge
Lockheed Martin’s technology edge is the result of our efforts to conduct research
in areas that can bring new products and advancements to the market. Some of the breathtaking achievements we saw in 2008 are ensuring Lockheed Martin can and will build for future growth.
In October, Lockheed Martin established its Center for Cyber Security Innovation (CCSI), which will deliver our cyber security solutions across the company
to benefit our customers long-term. Lockheed Martin’s cyber security experts apply real-time protection for customer networks across a diverse set of defense, intelligence, and civilian agencies.
Missile defense remains an important priority for the United States and its allies. In February, our Aegis ballistic missile defense system destroyed an errant satellite, preventing an uncontrolled and unpredictable re-entry into Earth’s atmosphere.
On the surface of Mars, the Lockheed Martin-built Phoenix Lander has broadened our understanding of this mysterious planet. We continue to
partner with NASA, at the forefront of interplanetary science, as the designer and builder of the next space vehicle that will investigate current and past climate change on Mars.
Our F-35 Lightning II combat aircraft continued to meet important milestones
in 2008, and we are confident our first production deliveries to the U.S. Air Force will be achieved in 2010. Among the achievements of the F-35 last year were successful aerial re-fueling trials, the first flight of the short-takeoff/vertical landing (STOVL) variant, and the first supersonic flight. The Norwegian and Dutch ministries of defense also selected the F-35 as their next-generation fighter aircraft.
 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 3 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

In 2008, we delivered the first Littoral • Combat Ship, the U.S. Navy’s USS
Freedom (LCS-1). Built by a Lockheed Martin-led team, the Littoral Combat
Ship is designed to protect coastal waters. Agile, fast and networked to provide a
full picture of the battlespace, the Littoral Combat Ship is equipped for such missions • as mine warfare, anti-submarine warfare,
and surface warfare. The unique design
of this innovative vessel will provide unprecedented capabilities to the U.S. Navy.
Other operational highlights include the • following contract awards and milestone achievements:
• We were selected by the U.S. Army
and U.S. Marine Corps as one of three companies to continue development of • the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle – the follow-on to the Humvee.
• Lockheed Martin was Canada’s choice to modernize 12 Halifax class frigates and • provide long-term fleet logistics support.
• Lockheed Martin won the contract to manage the 2011 Census for England, Wales, and Northern Ireland by providing secure and accurate data capture and processing support services.
• We were awarded the Facilities Development and Operations Contract by NASA at the Johnson Space Center, supporting training, flight planning, and operations for human space flight programs.
Lockheed Martin won the Airborne and Maritime /Fixed Stations Joint Tactical Radio System (AMF JTRS) contract
to provide tactical communications
and networking to the U.S. Air Force, Army, and Navy.
The F-22 Raptor surpassed the 50,000-flight-hour milestone; and the Department of Defense recognized the F-22 team with two major awards for Performance Based Logistics in 2008.
We were awarded a 10-year contract by the FBI to develop and maintain the Next Generation Identification System – a state-of-the-art biometrics for state, local, and federal law enforcement.
The U.S. Air Force selected a Lockheed Martin-led team to build the advanced Global Positioning System, known as GPS III.
NASA selected Lockheed Martin to build the next-generation Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite R-Series, known as GOES-R, to provide accurate real-time weather forecasting and early warning to the public and private sectors.
• Our Trident II D5 fleet ballistic
missile conducted its 125th successful consecutive launch, a record unmatched by any other large ballistic missile or space launch vehicle.
 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 4 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

A Culture of Responsibility
These accomplishments reflect our progress in creating an environment that breaks down the barriers that inhibit teamwork, enabling us to offer the most effective solutions for our customers.
We are creating a corporate culture that puts a premium on talent development. Hiring and retaining highly-skilled employees is critical to our ability to compete in the years ahead. In February 2009, we opened our new Center for Leadership Excellence on the campus of our Bethesda headquarters. This state-of-the-art conference and training facility will provide our employees opportunities for professional advancement, as well as a venue for meeting with our customers and shareholders.
The men and women of Lockheed Martin are tireless in their dedication to excellence on the job and in their communities. In 2008, the people of Lockheed Martin volunteered more than 1.2 million hours to important causes such as bike-a-thons for medical research, help for the homeless, and USO stuffing parties that provide care packages to our troops overseas. We salute the employees of Lockheed Martin who are deployed in the defense of freedom; their sacrifice ensures that the light of liberty will not be dimmed.
We foster a culture that puts the proper focus on ethical business conduct on the part of every employee, as well as
an overall sense of corporate social responsibility. To that end, we have set goals to reduce the adverse effects on the environment due to our operations. Our target by 2012 is to reduce by 25 percent Lockheed Martin’s carbon footprint,
waste to landfill, and water usage. Our conservation efforts were recognized by Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine, which ranked Lockheed Martin as among the “100 Best Corporate Citizens’’ for 2008.
Lockheed Martin’s success as the world’s leading global security company has been built around an uncompromising adherence to innovation, financial discipline, talent development, and a clear understanding
of what our customers need to accomplish their goals. Our management team looks forward to another year of serving the national interest and the cause of freedom, progress, and security worldwide. We approach this mission in 2009, as we always have, with steadfast commitment and a broad vision.
February 26, 2009
Robert J. Stevens
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 5 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
