 DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
In the past year the men and women of Lockheed Martin, through their commitment to excellence, delivered solid results and helped our customers achieve some of their most critical missions.
In 2009, our sales of $45.2 billion represented a 6 percent increase over 2008, and we generated $3.2 billion in operating cash after making discretionary pension contributions of $1.5 billion.
From Left to Right: Linda R. Gooden, Executive Vice President, Information Systems & Global Services; Joanne M. Maguire, Executive Vice President, Space Systems; Christopher E. Kubasik, President and Chief Operating Officer; Robert J. Stevens, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bruce L. Tanner, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Marillyn A. Hewson, Executive Vice President, Electronic Systems; Ralph D. Heath, Executive Vice President, Aeronautics. Photograph taken in Lockheed Martin’s Center for Leadership Excellence which opened in 2009.
 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 1 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

We also repurchased 24.9 million shares of our common stock and paid dividends
of $908 million during the year, marking the seventh consecutive year that we increased our dividend payment by more than 10 percent.
We made great progress on programs that represent the future of global security, including the critical Joint Strike Fighter/ F-35 and the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) programs. Our second LCS, USS Fort Worth, is more than 30 percent complete and is being built on time and on cost. And in November, we completed a successful first flight of the first optimized Conventional Take-Off and Landing version of the F-35 Lightning II.
We also made important advancements in cyber security, one of the top priorities for our company as well as for every business, government agency, and citizen worldwide. In November, we opened our NexGen Cyber Innovation and Technology Center, a world-class research and development laboratory in which we can collaborate with our partners and customers to stay ahead of those who would attack critical IT infrastructures.
In other notable program achievements in 2009 we:
• Completed the critical design review for the Airborne and Maritime/Fixed Station Joint Tactical Radio Systems (AMF JTRS), an advanced tactical wireless radio system for the U.S. Army, Air Force, and Navy;
• Completed the critical design review for the Next Generation Identification
System, clearing the way for further progress on the FBI’s new advanced- biometrics system;
• Flew the Advanced Composite Cargo Aircraft for the first time, demonstrating that composite technology has the potential to reduce production costs as well as extend aircraft life;
• Launched the last in a series of eight modernized Global Positioning System (GPS) IIR satellites, known worldwide for serving the navigation needs of both military and civilian users;
• Conducted reliability tests on the latest production lot of the Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile – in which we exceeded program performance requirements – and completed the sixth flight demonstration test of the Extended Range variant of the missile, which was successful in every test;
• Conducted the 130th consecutive successful launch since 1989 of our Trident II D-5 fleet ballistic missile, a record unmatched by any other large ballistic missile or space launch vehicle.
While we can point proudly to what we accomplished in 2009, we were disappointed by the capping of F-22 production at 187 aircraft, termination of the VH-71 Presidential Helicopter program and the cancellation of the Multiple Kill Vehicle (MKV), the Transformational Communications Satellite (TSAT) and its ground segment (TSAT Mission Operations System). These setbacks, driven largely by shifting customer
 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 2 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

priorities and requirements, presented real challenges to the business and drove layoffs of 4,150 employees in 2009.
During the year, we also demonstrated our long-standing commitment to leadership development with the opening of our Center for Leadership Excellence on our Headquarters campus in Bethesda, Md. Recognizing our progressive stance in this arena, Fortune Magazine named Lockheed Martin among the top 25 companies for leaders in 2009.
We continue to be extremely proud of our employees, not only for their skills and capabilities, but also for their character and integrity. As in years past, our employees continued to show extraordinary generosity, both in the time they devote to their communities and in their financial contributions. Collectively, in 2009, our employees volunteered 1.4 million hours of service in their communities and gave more than $22 million to charitable causes of their choice. Combined with the Corporation’s philanthropic donations of $24 million, Lockheed Martin provided powerful support to worthy causes around the world.
Looking Ahead in 2010
We have opened this year with a firm resolve to keep Lockheed Martin on a steady path to financial vitality, agility in the marketplace, and an unyielding standard of performance excellence.
Along with our industry peers, we face significant challenges in 2010. Our
customers are asking us to do more, and do it more affordably, as they experience greater fiscal pressure and growing mission requirements. We have responded by putting strategies in place to meet their needs, enhance our competitiveness, and sustain growth.
Consequently, our goals for 2010 are clear:
• Contain program costs;
• Shorten cycle times;
• Drive innovation and flexibility into our products; and
• Deliver on our commitments.
To help meet these goals and further strengthen our business, we have made organizational and executive management changes.
Among those changes, we appointed Christopher E. Kubasik as President and Chief Operating Officer. Chris brings a broad range of skills and experience to the job, having served previously as our Chief Financial Officer and as Executive Vice President of the Electronic Systems business area. He understands our customers’ changing environment and will lead our operations with an uncompromising commitment to perform on all programs.
We appointed Marillyn A. Hewson to succeed Chris as Executive Vice President of Electronic Systems. With a 26-year record of distinguished achievement at Lockheed Martin, Marillyn brings outstanding leadership and deep
 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 3 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

knowledge of the industry to her new position. We recently reorganized our Electronic Systems business area to more closely align our capabilities with our customers’ needs, improve the affordability of our offerings, and sharpen the focus of our efforts to capture new business.
We also named John T. Lucas as Senior Vice President of Human Resources. John has more than 25 years of human resources leadership experience in the manufacturing, pharmaceutical, and technology industries. He is bringing new insights and approaches to our efforts to attract, retain and grow the very best workforce possible.
Despite the challenging business conditions, we are highly confident and optimistic about our future. Several factors contribute to our optimism:
• Engineering development on the F-35 is 86 percent complete and yielding outstanding results in early ground and flight tests compared to legacy
aircraft. We have had some cost growth and schedule delays, which we are addressing aggressively. In February, U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced a restructuring of the program that withholds $614 million in progress payments until we demonstrate improved performance. The restructuring also adds one year to the program’s development phase and reduces the government’s planned 2010 purchase by nine aircraft, for a total commitment of 43 for the year with the opportunity for more, depending on our performance. We are making excellent progress toward meeting all of our
customers’ expectations on this vital program and do not expect a substantial setback.
• Later this year, the U.S. Navy is expected to choose between the Lockheed Martin-designed LCS and a competing design as the basis for up to 51 future ships. USS Freedom, our first LCS, deployed in February – two years early – and interdicted a vessel carrying illicit drugs in its first week of operations.
• Sales of the C-130J, our advanced, versatile airlifter, are robust in both the domestic and international markets.
• Our PAC-3, Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, and Aegis programs are performing superbly, and are the cornerstone of effective missile defense worldwide.
• We foresee increased demand for classified satellites and additional orders for Advanced Extremely High Frequency and Space-Based Infrared System spacecraft.
We also anticipate strong international growth over the next several years. As a leader in providing global security solutions, we see growing demand for our products and services as governments around the world face increasingly complex threats. Consequently, we are expanding our international presence through mutually beneficial partnerships with governments and industry worldwide. Our goal is to grow international sales from the current 14 percent to at least 20 percent of our business over the next five years.
 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 4 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

The Global Security Mission
Every day the men and women of Lockheed Martin are reminded of the vital importance of the work they do in support of our customers’ global security mission. We are increasingly called upon to apply innovation, technology, and talent to the emerging and complex threats we all face in the new reality of the global security environment. We support governments in humanitarian and peacekeeping operations, the efficient delivery of services to their citizens, and in their efforts to build the institutional mechanisms that promote stability, peace, and economic development.
The Lockheed Martin team never loses sight of those who depend on us. We know that, in many cases, it is our dedication to excellence that means the difference between liberty and terrorism ... between peace and war ... between life and death.
All of us are constantly mindful of that monumental responsibility, and we are proud to serve.
February 25, 2010
Robert J. Stevens
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Special note: We would like to express our thanks to our Lead Director, James R. Ukropina, and to Frank Savage, both of whom will retire from the Board this year. We are extremely grateful for their valuable contributions to Lockheed Martin. The independent directors of our Board have elected Douglas H. McCorkindale as our new Lead Director, effective April 22, 2010.
  LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 5 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
