 Dear Fellow Stockholders,
The solid execution of our business strategy in 2005 has yielded the strong financial results our stockholders expect from Lockheed Martin. We have in place a comprehensive strategy of disciplined growth as well as a culture of operational excellence, the ability to flex with dynamic market conditions and a leadership team that is focused squarely on making Lockheed Martin the preeminent global security enterprise.
In 2005, we achieved sales of $37.2 billion, a five per- cent increase over the previous year. Significantly, we can report earnings per share (EPS) of $4.10. In fact, our EPS has grown at a double-digit rate over the past four years. We also generated $3.2 billion in operating cash in 2005, providing this company with financial flexibility. Rounding out the picture, our balance sheet is healthy, demonstrated by a 39 percent debt-to-total- capital ratio.
Our revised calculation of Return on Invested Capital (ROIC), an important barometer of our finan- cial performance and a key metric for evaluating execu- tive incentive compensation, showed a 34 percent increase over 2004 to 14.5 percent in 2005.
We continue to execute a balanced cash deploy- ment strategy by which a majority of our free cash flow will be returned to stockholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. In 2005, we repurchased 19.7 million shares of our common stock, bringing the total stock repurchase to 46.1 million shares since 2002. We also increased the dividend by 20 percent, reflecting our commitment to pay an attractive, com- petitive dividend.
As we enter 2006, this management team is keenly aware that the world around us is changing at a rapid pace. Sitting still is never an option in our business, so we are solidifying our leadership position in tradi- tional markets as well as gaining ground in new higher-growth areas. We know that to take advantage
of the opportunities in the marketplace today, customer commitments must be a priority, and that means focus- ing on execution across the portfolio.
Our Systems and Information Technology (IT) businesses demonstrated particular momentum this year. With 50 percent of total sales coming from our Systems and IT group, we are pleased to report that we have achieved an impressive record. Lockheed Martin is the number one provider of Systems and IT to both defense and civil government agencies, and that lead- ership was strengthened last year as the National Archives and Records Administration selected Lockheed Martin to preserve and manage all its elec- tronic records.
In the defense arena, Lockheed Martin continues to lead the way in building net-centric battlespace oper- ations by delivering the tools that process and share information. The defense side of our business is also distinguished by the production of the world’s only 5th Generation aircraft, as well as advanced space and mis- sile systems that help our forces and allies maintain a military advantage on the front lines. We also provide a wide range of technologies and systems that extend beyond combat power—missions that include peace- keeping and humanitarian relief.
It is increasingly important to envision applica- tions of these game-changing technologies for critical homeland security and civil government IT require- ments. In one example of this forward thinking, we
 Facing Page: Robert J. Stevens, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
page 

 successfully leveraged the Systems and IT expertise resident across the enterprise to offer the New York Metropolitan Transit Authority the best design for a critical infrastructure protection system. This project will integrate command, control and communications capabilities throughout the entire New York City and suburban transit system.
Winning and delivering on this vital domestic secu- rity contract, as well as other complex systems efforts, requires that we adhere to our strategy of Horizontal Integration, in which we align ourselves internally and apply our resources to provide the best solutions for our customers’ challenges. Horizontal Integration also means teaming effectively across the global supply chain—to remain the industry partner of choice in the United States and more than 50 other countries.
Organizing the right teams and resources was the rationale behind establishing our Maritime Surveillance Enterprise in 2005. This corporate-wide effort to sup- port the Navy’s maritime patrol and reconnaissance mis- sion mobilizes the expertise we need to perform at our peak on existing programs and to capture new business.
As we continue to transform Lockheed Martin into a fully networked global security enterprise, we can point with great pride to the opening of our Center for Innovation in April 2005.
Located in Suffolk, Virginia, the Center for Innovation is an advanced laboratory dedicated to experimentation, simulation and analysis. The Center for Innovation is backed by a nationwide network of our best labs and brightest minds, burnishing Lockheed Martin’s credentials as a technology and business inno- vator; it is a position that we must not cede to any of our competitors. In the long run, we believe the Center for Innovation will support our goal to add new business orders and grow our backlog.
In a time of vigorous competition, the advantage goes to the company with foresight and creative think- ing. Although we are not a helicopter manufacturer, we were selected in 2005 to lead the VH-71 Presidential
Helicopter program. Our team also laid the keel for the U.S. Navy’s first advanced Littoral Combat Ship in 2005, although we are not a shipbuilder. These accom- plishments are indicative of our people—their brain- power and unyielding passion to invent, perfect, perform and team with partners to create best value solutions.
Significant milestones in 2005 also included:
• We are on track for the first flight of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter later this year, as the majority of this aircraft’s structural assembly was completed in 2005.
• The F-22 Raptor reached Initial Operational Capability in 2005. Together, the F-22 and the F-35 will ensure air dominance for the U.S. military and joint forces against threats for the next 40 years.
• The Federal Aviation Administration began use of our Advanced Technologies and Oceanic Procedures (ATOP) system, which will increase the capacity and efficiency of international air travel. Sixty per- cent of the world’s air traffic is controlled by our air traffic management systems.
• We received the first international orders for the combat-proven Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3) missile from The Netherlands and Japan.
• Lockheed Martin was selected to process informa- tion gathered for the Year 2010 U.S. Census, build- ing on our success on the Year 2000 U.S. Census and the 2001 U.K. Census.
• The venerable Titan IV celebrated 50 years of suc- cess with its historic final launch on October 19. We also celebrated 50 years of unmatched perfor- mance of the U-2 which continues to provide high- altitude reconnaissance for our national security.
• The C-130J transport aircraft, being deployed in southwest Asia, achieved a major performance milestone by completing operational testing. It is a significant step to finalizing the U.S. Air Force’s Operational Test & Evaluation.
 page 

 In 2005, we also announced a joint venture with The Boeing Company to combine our respective pro- duction and launch operations associated with U.S. gov- ernment launches. Structured as a 50-50 joint venture, the United Launch Alliance will provide our national security and NASA launch customers with assured access to space at a lower cost to the taxpayers. Recog- nizing budgetary pressures and the need for greater efficiencies, the United Launch Alliance will eliminate duplicate infrastructure and enhance reliability. As of this writing, we are awaiting government approval of the joint venture.
Portfolio shaping in 2005 included selective acqui- sitions designed to bolster our presence in the impor- tant arena of net-centric and IT technologies, both for defense and civil government applications.
We acquired The SYTEX Group, Inc. which pro- vides information technology and technical support services to the Department of Defense and other fed- eral agencies. SYTEX, which specializes in informa- tion warfare, network security solutions and integrated logistics, offers access to new customers and should pro- vide appropriate financial returns to the shareholders.
We acquired two companies in the United Kingdom, expanding Lockheed Martin’s commitment to a critical ally and the world’s second largest defense market. STASYS Ltd. specializes in network commu- nications, defense interoperability, simulation and air traffic management consulting. INSYS Group Ltd. is a diversified supplier of military communications sys- tems, weapons systems and advanced analysis services.
In addition, we acquired Coherent Technologies Inc., a Colorado-based developer of high-performance laser-based remote sensing systems, and announced our intention to acquire Aspen Systems Corp., an informa- tion management company with experience in deliver- ing IT products to the federal government.
The financial and operational muscularity of this Corporation is a testament to the full-spectrum leader- ship that our 135,000 employees bring to the table.
Anticipating future opportunities demands leaders who drive operational excellence. These are men and women who set the course, energize their teams and lead them toward their goal.
Full spectrum leaders operate as one team, and they take the high road distinguished by a dedication to ethics, superlative corporate governance, integrity and accountability. We conduct consistent ethics training for every Lockheed Martin employee, embedding these rig- orous standards deep into the fabric of the Corporation.
We are an enterprise that embraces the diversity of its workforce and a commitment to hiring the best tal- ent. As the employer of choice, Lockheed Martin is a company of more than 65,000 scientists and engineers.
I was particularly gratified to witness the generos- ity and compassion of the men and women of Lockheed Martin as they responded to the tragic events of the past year. Lockheed Martin and its employees contrib- uted well over $5 million for relief to victims of the tsunami, earthquake in Pakistan and in the aftermath of hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Lockheed Martin peo- ple also lent their support to our troops overseas through our partnership with Operation USO Care Package.
In closing, we at Lockheed Martin are confident that we can continue to build on the progress we have made in the interest of our customers, partners, employ- ees, stockholders and our country. Tremendous possi- bilities lie ahead for all of us and we will work tirelessly to bring them to fruition.
March 1, 2006
Robert J. Stevens
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   page 
 