 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
Thanks to the solid execution of our business strategy in 2010 and the efforts of the dedicated professionals who work for this industry-leading enterprise, we can confidently report that Lockheed Martin remains on course both operationally and financially.
For 2010 we met or exceeded our expectations for financial performance. Sales grew 4 percent to $45.8 billion, and we increased our earnings per share to $7.94. Our backlog of orders also increased to more than $78 billion at the end of 2010.
On stand from left to right: Linda R. Gooden, Executive Vice President, Information Systems & Global Solutions; Robert J. Stevens, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer; Christopher E. Kubasik, President and Chief Operating Officer.
Foreground from left to right: Bruce L. Tanner, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Marillyn A. Hewson, Executive Vice President, Electronic Systems; Joanne M. Maguire, Executive Vice President, Space Systems; Ralph D. Heath, Executive Vice President, Aeronautics. Photograph taken February 9, 2011 in front of the fi rst F-35B Short Takeoff/Vertical Landing (STOVL) variant of the Joint Strike Fighter (BF-1) at the Naval Air Station Patuxent River. On the day of the photograph, BF-1 fl ew three sorties, accomplishing three short takeoffs, one slow landing, and two vertical landings while demonstrating its unique and game- changing capabilities.
1

We generated more than $3.5 billion in operating cash for the year, even after making more than $2.2 billion in discretionary contributions to our pension plans. We also announced a new share repurchase program of up to $3 billion. This step, coupled with a 19 percent dividend increase, is indicative of our commitment to further enhance shareholder value.
These results are most impressive when you consider the velocity of change in the global security and economic environments. That
F-35C Carrier Variant of the Joint Strike Fighter
speaks volumes to the passion, teamwork and, above all, the leadership qualities of the men and women of Lockheed Martin. Their laser-sharp focus on our customers’ priorities and their steadfast integrity has positioned our company for continued success.
Our New Reality
While we are proud of our 2010 accomplishments, we recognize that Lockheed Martin is operating in a demanding business climate, and it will only get more demanding. Increasingly complex global security issues combined with constrained
government resources continue to put enormous pressure on our customers.
The Department of Defense is committed to fundamentally changing the way it conducts business, incorporating affordability as a firm requirement for each new program. We support the efforts of the Defense Department and all government agencies we serve to make every taxpayer dollar count. We are driving value into every level and function of this Corporation. We are relentlessly managing program costs, shortening cycle times, and allocating resources efficiently. Additionally, we must maintain a consistent tempo of operational excellence.
This is our new reality, and in 2010 we took measures that will sustain and strengthen Lockheed Martin’s competitive edge.
Our Approach to Delivering Value
In 2010, almost 600 executives elected to participate in our Voluntary Executive Separation Program. This 26 percent reduction in our top-level management ranks contributes to a leaner operation and benefits talented individuals in the company who can expect expanded opportunities for growth and development.
In addition, we further shaped Lockheed Martin’s portfolio of businesses to better match our strengths and resources with the needs of our customers.
In 2010, we completed the divestiture of Enterprise Integration Group (EIG) for $815 million in cash. Our decision to divest EIG was based, in part, on the U.S. Government’s increased concerns about perceived organizational conflicts of interest. In February 2011, we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement to divest Pacific Architects and Engineers, Inc. (PAE). When we acquired PAE several years ago, we envisioned it as an entry point to a new customer set requiring information technology and systems integration services. In the current market, however, customers are seeking a
 2

 different mix of services, such as infrastructure support, which is not in line with our strategy or core capabilities.
We realigned other business units to consolidate and gain greater efficiency and synergy. We created a new organization within Electronic Systems, Global Training and Logistics, by merging several smaller business units. This will allow us to better respond to the growing requirement for simulation, training, and logistics solutions in support of the war fighter. Our Commercial Space Systems unit was merged into the Global Communications Systems business for a more integrated and affordable approach to operating our commercial and government satellite programs worldwide.
Our most painful decisions involved reallocating resources that will result in layoffs. The hard and difficult truth is that in this business climate, infrastructure may have to be consolidated or closed and regrettably that results in job loss. In November, we announced the end of manufacturing operations at Middle River, Maryland, effective in 2011 and the closing of our Eagan, Minnesota, facility by 2013. We are also moving our ground vehicle business from our facility in Owego, New York, to Dallas, Texas.
Operational Achievements in 2010
Lockheed Martin is a company of people who embrace difficult challenges. We continue to build a corporate culture that encourages innovation in order to respond quickly to our customers’ evolving needs.
Many of our customers wear the uniforms of the armed forces of the United States and allied nations. They are at the front lines of homeland security and cyber security. Our customers tackle the big issues of missile defense, military airpower, national security space, renewable energy, air traffic management, space exploration, and information technology systems that deliver
F-35A Conventional Takeoff and Landing (CTOL) Variant of the Joint Strike Fighter
information technology systems that deliver government services to millions of citizens. For them, and for us, there is no substitute for flawless execution.
Our achievements last year reflect the can-do spirit that the employees of Lockheed Martin bring to the job every day.
We saw substantive progress in 2010 on the F-35 Lightning II program, surpassing its goal of 394 test flights for the year. This 5th Generation radar-evading fighter is recognized by the Department of Defense and our allies as a game-changing asset designed to prevail in conflict quickly and bring our pilots home safely.
All three variants of the F-35 are engaged in flight testing and in November we received a contract to manufacture 31 aircraft, doubling the number of F-35s contracted under three previous orders. Additionally, in 2010, Canada and Israel selected the F- 35 as their next-generation combat aircraft.
However, given delays on the F-35B Short Takeoff/Vertical Landing (STOVL) variant, Secretary of Defense Robert Gates announced in January 2011 that he would decouple
3

testing of the STOVL aircraft from the Conventional Takeoff and Landing and Carrier variants in order to address performance and schedule issues. The Secretary has set a two- year probationary period for STOVL, and we are committed to meeting the Secretary’s expectations. We recognize that there are three main areas of this program that require our attention: lowering development risks; improving momentum in the flight test program to demonstrate the airplane’s superior capabilities; and accelerating production.
The U.S. Navy’s first Littoral Combat Ship, the USS Freedom, was deployed in February 2010. Our second ship, the future USS Fort Worth, was christened and launched in December. Also in December, the U.S. Navy awarded the Lockheed Martin-led industry team one of two contracts to construct up to ten additional Littoral Combat Ships. Other accomplishments in 2010 include:
• The U.S. Special Operations Command awarded us a contract to provide comprehensive logistics support to forces deployed worldwide.
• We launched the first Advanced Extremely High Frequency (AEHF) satellite that will provide our armed services with highly protected global communications. We are currently under contract to provide three more AEHF satellites and the mission control segment to the U.S. Air Force.
• We completed the Critical Design Review for the next- generation Global Positioning System (GPS III) two months ahead of schedule.
• We processed and delivered 2010 U.S. Census data from more than 165 million forms on time and within budget.
• The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) selected us to lead the modernization of the en route portion of its National
Airspace System. This will be the foundation of the FAA’s next-generation programs.
• Tests in 2010 proved key missile defense technologies. A Lockheed Martin-built system, installed aboard an aircraft, aimed a high-energy laser beam on a boosting ballistic missile, destroying the target; and our Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense System, deployed on a Japanese destroyer, intercepted a ballistic missile target above the atmosphere.
• We delivered the first production C-5M Super Galaxy in a major modernization program. This aircraft is the only strategic transport capable of flying directly from the United States to any area of operations without refueling.
Our ongoing efforts to win business from a mix of global customers led to a number of significant new orders internationally in 2010.
Israel, Kuwait, Oman, and Republic of Korea booked orders for C-130J airlifters; Finland ordered our airborne surveillance system; Vietnam ordered their second commercial communications satellite, VINASAT-2; and the Australian Tax Office selected Lockheed Martin to provide computing hardware, services, and support. These wins will help us meet our goal of expanding international business to 20 percent of annual revenue over the next several years.
Corporate Citizenship
Lockheed Martin is dedicated to exemplary corporate citizenship and the highest standards of ethical conduct. Our employees volunteered 1.2 million hours in 2010 in their communities, the sixth consecutive year that the people of Lockheed Martin have volunteered more than a million hours of service. These qualities in a Corporation
4

and its people are vital to attracting the next generation of leaders.
We are pleased that our company is receiving recognition from industry observers. For the third consecutive year Aviation Week named Lockheed Martin as the top performing aerospace and defense company with revenues greater than $20 billion. We also earned a spot on Newsweek’s ranking of the most environmentally friendly companies, receiving the fourth highest Green Score among U.S. transport and aerospace companies.
The Way Forward: Leadership and Achievement
We have laid the groundwork for Lockheed Martin to grow and remain competitive. The path forward will not be easy and future success will demand attention to several crucial factors:
• The Core: We must astutely manage our core business and retain a strong well-aligned portfolio.
• Cash: Continued robust cash generation will give this company the flexibility to respond to changing business conditions and to assess growth opportunities.
• Customers: Building and maintaining solid relationships with our customers is critical to success. A commitment to our customers’ missions will ensure that Lockheed Martin stays an industry leader in 2011 and the years to come.
• Costs: The cost of doing business and the allocation of every dollar will require careful scrutiny. We owe it to our customers to cut costs and deliver value in every program.
• Congress: We are eager to work with the new Congress and engage in a dialogue about the security challenges facing America and the world.
• Leadership: These imperatives can only be accomplished with firm and insightful leadership. Our leaders must deliver constant achievement and results; and that means no compromises on performance or integrity. We can never lose sight of the fact that our products and services must operate flawlessly – our customers depend on it, in many cases with their lives. Developing leaders and advancing a leadership culture at Lockheed Martin is absolutely necessary for this company to succeed.
As we lead this company through a rapidly changing business environment in 2011 and beyond, only excellence will suffice. Our customers, shareholders, employees, and our country and our allies, should expect nothing less. We will deliver the best because our customers and shareholders deserve it, and our employees are uniquely capable and proud to serve the cause of freedom and progress worldwide.
February 24, 2011
Robert J. Stevens
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 5
