 2
   COMMITMENT TO
PERFORMANCE
Dear Fellow Shareholder: Consolidated Space Lockheed Martin has Operations Contract that
  now been in existence for
only four years. But one of
the real strengths of our
Corporation is that we can
trace our roots back to the
earliest days of aviation
pioneers. Today, we are a
strong, well-balanced aero-
space, defense and informa-
tion technology corporation
positioned to achieve consistent, profitable growth. We derive our strength from an ability to leverage our most valuable assets—our people, our tech- nology and our diversity.
Last year, we achieved a 97 percent level of Mission Success on about 900 measurable events. In addition, we earned an impressive 94 percent of all possible award fees from our customers, won more than half our competitive business opportunities, produced $1.6 billion of free cash flow, reduced total debt by more than $1 billion, increased the annual dividend rate by 10 percent, and divested several non-core businesses.
We can point proudly to several program milestones in 1998 that included successfully executing an ambitious F-22 flight schedule and launching the Space Shuttle Super Lightweight Tank. We used the synergy of multiple Lockheed Martin companies teamed together to win such critical competitions as the
calls for consolidating 17 NASA contracts, as well as the Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile contract to build an advanced cruise missile for the U.S. Air Force and Navy.
However, the year
was punctuated by some disappointments. We contin-
ued to experience problems with the Theater High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile, and also experienced a Titan IV launch failure. In addition, we did not achieve our earnings goals due to per- formance issues in our space and commercial information products businesses, as well as delays of commercial space launches and military aircraft deliveries during the year. Sales increased only one percent, normalized for divestitures, and earnings per share, adjusted for nonrecurring and unusual items, grew three percent from $3.02 to $3.11. Consequently, our share price significantly underperformed the market. In order to improve results in 1999 and beyond, we have redoubled our commitment to strong performance, manage- ment accountability and additional productivity increases. We also have made management changes where appropriate.
Our goal continues to be the increase of shareholder value and we have established the
Above right: Vance D. Coffman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Above left: Peter B. Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer

 following financial targets to achieve that goal: generate robust cash flow, improve profit margins and competitiveness, and produce sustainable earnings per share growth. We intend to use the cash to pay down debt, maintain technology lead- ership, and invest in profitable growth that will produce returns above the cost of capital. We will drive our formal Value Based Management program deep into the management organization to reflect our focus on total shareholder return.
In 1998, we started a Corporate-wide initiative called LM21—Best Practices, aimed at involving thousands of our talented employees in a concerted effort to leverage the best of our diverse backgrounds and experiences in order to streamline operations. We are striving to improve engineering practices, and to reduce procurement costs while building
a strong supplier base. We are benchmarking hundreds of practices in use throughout Lockheed Martin, identifying the best and then sharing these Best Practices across the entire Corporation.
The results to date have been encouraging. Numerous high-payoff Best Practices already have been transferred among multiple companies within Lockheed Martin. Best Practice Transfer Teams have been established involving people from through- out the Corporation. And, performance improvement metrics currently in place are starting to show results. In addition, our Best Practices initiative is energiz- ing our people to think creatively and look beyond traditional organizational boundaries to find the best solutions. It is our belief that we are positioned to see performance improvements in 1999 as the
Best Practices initiative takes hold at all levels of the Corporation. Once it is fully implemented over the next four years, we expect Best Practices to save the Corporation $2.5 billion to $3 billion a year.
We are proud of the role we play in providing quality products and services to the core markets we serve—Defense, Space, and Civil Government Information Systems and Services. Our vision for the future is to continue to nurture and grow our core businesses while we expand rapidly into the closely related Global Telecommunications and Information Services markets.
In 1998, we formed Lockheed Martin Global Telecommunications (LMGT) to properly position the Corporation in the rapidly expanding global marketplace for telecommunications services. Leveraging the Corporation’s expertise in space- and-terrestrial-based telecommunications and systems integration, our vision for LMGT is to provide seamless telecommunications services to large organizations, including multinational corpo- rations and governments. The planned combination with COMSAT perfectly augments our strategy.
In 1999, as in past years, we have set the
bar high, rolling up our sleeves to perfect what we do well, and making corrections where
we have not measured up. The fabric of our Corporate Purpose and Values—Mission Success, Customer Focus, Ethics, Excellence, “Can-Do” Spirit, Integrity, People and Teamwork—has
been woven into our daily business lives.
Before we close, we would like to acknowl- edge the contributions of Norman R. Augustine who retired as Chairman last April, and Marcus C. Bennett who retired in January as CFO. We owe our deepest appreciation to both.
Our strong belief is that Lockheed Martin can deliver a positive future to all our stakeholders.
To be sure, we have some challenges ahead in 1999 and beyond. But in facing them, we must remember that solving problems—some of the world’s biggest problems—is the very nature of our business. We’re good at it. And, thanks to the 165,000 talented and dedicated people who walk through Lockheed Martin’s doors each working day, we have full confidence in our Corporation’s future prosperity. We look forward to continuing to work together to achieve Mission Success in
all of our endeavors.
February 22, 1999
Vance D. Coffman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Peter B. Teets
President and Chief Operating Officer
3
  