 "1997 was the third consecutive year of significant achievements..."
Vance D. Coffman Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman
Norman R. Augustine Chairman
Peter B. Teets President and
Chief Operating Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholders
Upon the completion of the
merger forming Lockheed Martin Corporation, we set forth five goals for the new corporation:
Enhance our position as one of
the leaders in the aerospace/defense industry
Achieve significant cost reductions to increase margins and improve competitiveness
Generate substantial cash flow and deploy cash to enhance shareholder value
Produce double-digit earnings per share growth
Achieve superior shareholder returns.
1997 was the third consecutive year of significant achievements in meeting each of these goals and fulfilling the promise of Lockheed Martin.

 "Mission Success is the 'litmus test' for our systems."
Enhance Aerospace/Defense Leadership Ñ
Lockheed Martin has led the consolidation of the industry, growing net sales to a record $28 billion in 1997. In an industry as technologically demanding as ours and where the adverse consequences of product failures are substantial, leadership comes not from size, but from perfor- mance. Mission Success is the "litmus test" for our systems. Our Mission
Success record in 1997 was just short of perfection Ñ 96 percent of over 600 measurable events (comprising
such items as satellite deployments, test flights and missile launches, including development efforts) were successful. For many of our
programs, the customers score our performance with award fees. Our award fees in 1997 were representa- tive of leadership performance Ñ a median of approximately 95 percent of all available award fees were awarded by our customers, and nearly one-third of those award fee ratings were at 100 percent.
On July 3, 1997, the Corporation announced the execution of an $11.6 billion merger agreement with the Northrop Grumman Corporation. On February 26, 1998, stockholders of Northrop Grumman approved the merger and stockholders of Lockheed Martin approved the issuance of common stock necessary to complete the merger, and closing was targeted for March 17, 1998. On March 9,
1998, the Corporation announced that it had been informed by the Department of Justice (DOJ) that the DOJ was fundamentally opposed
to the merger. The Corporation has committed that it will not close
on its combination with Northrop Grumman prior to April 24, 1998 and will in the interim attempt to develop and submit a proposal responding
to the DOJ's antitrust concerns while preserving the benefits of the merger. As we went to press, the DOJ had informed the Corporation that it did not find this commitment satisfactory and the matter remained unresolved.
EchoStar III direct-to-home communications satellite gets a successful lift from an Atlas IIAS

 "The Corporation won more than two-thirds of its competitive bids in 1997"
Achieve significant cost reductions to increase margins and improve competitiveness Ñ
The Corporation achieved significant progress in 1997, and remains ahead of schedule in its consolidation program to reduce annual costs
by $2.6 billion. This progress was manifested in 1997 through the achievement of record operating margins and record win rates on competitive programs. Excluding the effects of nonrecurring and unusual items, our operating margin, based on Earnings Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT), of 10.4 percent was above the 10 percent margin recorded in 1996. Equally important for the future,
and a key metric of our improved competitiveness, the Corporation won more than two-thirds of its competitive bids in 1997. This win rate was up from the exemplary
63 percent win rate achieved in 1996.
If consummated, the Northrop Grumman combination will provide further opportunity for cost savings and increased competitiveness. Preliminary analyses have identified an additional $1 billion in annual steady-state savings expected to be achieved from cost reduction oppor- tunities related to this transaction. The majority of these savings accrue to the government.
Generate substantial cash flow
and deploy it to enhance shareholder value Ñ
In 1997, the Corporation generated over $1.6 billion in cash, consisting of $900 million in free cash flow from operations and $750 million in after-tax proceeds from divestitures. While our stated priority entering
3
Longbow Apache is a true around-the-clock, all-weather anti-armor platform

 the year was to use available cash to reduce debt resulting from the Loral transaction, the Corporation was presented a unique opportunity
to enhance shareholder value. In November, the Corporation exchanged a subsidiary composed of the Access Graphics and thrust reversers businesses, its investment in Globalstar, and approximately
$1.6 billion in cash for all of the Corporation's convertible preferred stock held by the General Electric Company. This transaction resulted in approximately 29 million equivalent common shares being reacquired. Combined with the Martin Marietta Materials exchange
transaction consummated in October 1996, the Corporation retired in excess of 16 percent of its diluted shares outstanding in 1996 and 1997.
Produce double-digit earnings
per share growth Ñ
Lockheed Martin's diluted earnings per share over the past three years have been impacted by numerous nonrecurring and unusual items arising out of the Corporation's consolidation and shareholder value initiatives (most notably the negative impact of the deemed preferred stock dividend of $8.55 per diluted share
in 1997) which are described in detail in management's financial discussion and analysis section of this report. Excluding those nonrecurring and unusual items, 1997 diluted earnings per share would have been $6.05 per share, an 11 percent increase over similarly-adjusted 1996 earnings per share of $5.44. This earnings per share growth exceeded growth in net sales, which reached a record $28.1
The New En Route Center Ñ modern air traffic management for the United Kingdom

 "With the fulfillment of major goals we set for ourselves at the time of the 1995 merger... a firm
foundation for the future has been established."
billion in 1997 compared with $26.9 billion in 1996. Earnings per share growth was also achieved despite
an 11 percent increase in goodwill and intangible amortization, which rose
to $446 million in 1997 from $402 million in 1996. This amortization represents an ongoing non-cash expense reflected in the Corporation's results of operations.
Generate superior shareholder returns Ñ
Despite share price performance
in 1997 being below overall market averages, we have realized an excellent shareholder return record (based on stock price appreciation plus dividends) since the formation of Lockheed Martin three years ago. Over that period, Lockheed Martin generated a 28 percent compound annual shareholder return, which compares favorably to the 2 5 percent annual return achieved by our aerospace/defense peer group.
Goals for 1998 and Beyond
With the fulfillment of major goals we set for ourselves at the time
of the 1995 merger of Lockheed and Martin Marietta, a firm foundation for the future has been established.
Generating robust cash flows will continue to be an important goal of Lockheed Martin. In fact, we
have recently raised the weighting of the cash generation element of the management incentive compensation formula. We recognize cash flow
as a key valuation driver and a key to enhancing long-term earnings.
Our goals for 1998 and beyond include our continuing commitment to being a "merchant supplier"
and a "merchant buyer" in the world marketplace. This means that our
businesses will provide products and services to other companies within Lockheed Martin as well as to
other prime contractors and other customers around the world. At the same time, all Lockheed Martin businesses will purchase the products and services they need from the
most capable, cost effective suppliers in the world, whether these
suppliers are found inside or outside Lockheed Martin.
The Corporation faces an intensely competitive environment in our key businesses, a new set
of competitors and global market dynamics in our closely-related target areas of information services and commercial space, along
with overall higher standards of shareholder returns.
5
F-22 Raptor air superiority fighter makes its first flight

 To enhance our position as a world-class company, and in order
to meet our goal of superior share- holder returns, we must continually evaluate our processes and implement changes to improve the way we
do business, over and above activities designed to achieve consolidation savings. Lockheed Martin is committed to growing shareholder value by improving productivity and efficiencies, and generating additional cash flows through the sharing and implementation of "Best Practices" throughout the Corporation.
We have identified five initiatives, to be launched in 1998, to focus
our management processes on the fundamentals of cash flow generation, increased competitiveness, and continual operating margin enhance- ment. These initiatives can be summarized as follows:
Procurement Leverage Ñ
As a premier high-technology systems provider, the Corporation has historically procured goods and services totaling about 50 percent
of net annual sales. The financial
and operational benefits from forging stronger relationships with strategic partners, embracing electronic commerce, and working more closely with our suppliers can provide improved returns to our customers and shareholders.
Receivables Reduction Ñ
Lockheed Martin had $5 billion
in receivables at year end 1997, repre- senting opportunities to improve billing and cash collection cycles. It is estimated that a reduction of three
days sales outstanding could generate over $200 million in cash flow
to redeploy toward growing share- holder value.
Inventory Management Ñ
Lockheed Martin had over $3 billion in inventories at year end 1997.
It is estimated that a five percent improvement in our inventory turnover rate could generate more than $150 million in cash flow.
Manufacturing Excellence Ñ
We are installing a "lean thinking" mentality throughout our Corporation to reduce cycle times, improve quality, promote "just in time" manufacturing, and eliminate non-productive assets. At the
Sandia-developed air bags give Mars Pathfinder a soft landing

 We are confident of our present and excited about our future as we look to the new challenges ahead."
same time, we are maintaining and enhancing our standards of quality to ensure relentless focus on future Mission Success.
Employee Development Ñ
In order to drive our productivity gains, we must continue to empower our employees with the proper
tools and incentives. Productivity improvements should result in mean- ingful margin improvements. While each productivity step is important, so also is the strong commitment to develop new technologies and the systems that bring them to everyday use. Employee development and capability enhancement make this possible. We continue to invest about $1 billion annually in research and development efforts and bid and proposal activities to build advanced technology capabilities and win
new business.
Our employees have done a superlative job in working together as a team during a period of unprece- dented consolidation in our industry. Our unrelenting drive to become more efficient and productive,
and accelerate our growth outlook, provides a brighter future for our employees, attractive pricing for
our customers, and higher returns
for our shareholders.
Before closing, we would like
to express our admiration, gratitude and thanks to Daniel M. Tellep, the first Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lockheed Martin, for
his dedicated and exemplary service to the Corporation and its Board
of Directors. Dan has decided not to seek re-election to the Board in order to spend more time with his family in California.
While we take pride in our history, we have challenged ourselves to improve upon the past. And
while that has been our attitude
since we formed Lockheed Martin on March 15, 1995, we are confident of our present and excited about
our future as we look to the new challenges ahead.
March 12, 1998
Norman R. Augustine
Chairman
Vance D. Coffman
Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman
Peter B. Teets
President and Chief Operating Officer
7
