    16
We are taking action to return our performance to the consistently superior level our customers and shareholders expect and have relied upon. We are focusing intently on U.S. and international government customers in aerospace, defense and technology services, who account for approximately 90 percent of our revenue. The outlook for U.S. defense spending, which represented 51 percent of our sales in 1999, is encouraging, with procurement funding increases anticipated during the next several years. Focusing more effectively on core customers will lead to improved customer satisfaction which is a prerequisite for generating increased shareholder value.
While reinvigorating our focus on core customers, we have established increased cash flow and debt reduction as our primary near-term financial priorities. We are managing the business aggressively to optimize cash flow, demanding that appropriate returns are achieved on invested capital, and establishing realistic, credible financial performance plans.
We are driving operating and investment discipline throughout the corporation. We are placing much greater emphasis on the consistent application of improved financial controls and proven management tools such as Value-Based Management, Earned-Value Management and Independent Cost Estimating.
Additionally, we have made a number of senior management changes while streamlining and flattening the organization to improve our customer responsiveness and communication at senior levels. We eliminated the Sector layer and combined various operating units in the aeronautics and space systems business areas into two companies led by corporate executive vice presidents based at major operational centers rather than at corporate headquarters. These actions are expected to result in reductions of 2,800 positions and annual savings of $200 million.
Because of the need to reduce debt, we identified several businesses for possible divestiture and are in the process
of obtaining and evaluating bids for those businesses. We will sell them only if we obtain full and fair value. We sold our Hanford Corporation environmental management subsidiary in December and have added our state and municipal govern- ment services unit, Lockheed Martin IMS, to the divestiture candidate list. We anticipate generating more than $1.5 billion in after-tax cash proceeds if we sell all divestiture candidate units. Divestiture proceeds will be applied to debt reduction.
We continue repositioning our global telecommunications and commercial information technology businesses to approach their high-growth markets more effectively while enhancing shareholder value. Our intent is to facilitate the growth of those adjacent businesses with strategic partners through possible injections of outside capital and domain expertise. This is entirely consistent with our cash and value optimization initiatives.
Our average award fee rating from the U.S. government, an important indicator of their satisfaction with our perform- ance, was 85 percent, reflecting reduced fees related to Titan mission failures. Meanwhile, we achieved a mission success rating of 94 percent by accomplishing 435 of 462 significant events defined at the start of the year.
We also made progress in achieving the highest internationally recognized quality standards for software development and systems engineering. Only 12 organizations worldwide have attained the Software Engineering Institute’s highest soft- ware development quality rating—Level 5—and four of them are Lockheed Martin operating units.
In our aeronautics business, the F-16 program had an excellent year, delivering 109 units and winning major competi- tions and follow-on selections involving 124 aircraft including: Greece (50 aircraft), Israel (50) and Egypt (24). The Israeli F-16 program involves options for 60 additional F-16s. Recently, the United Arab Emirates signed a contract with the corporation that results in an order for 80 F-16s. Meanwhile, the U.S. Air Force announced its intention to order
30 more F-16s. The F-22 program performed superbly, meeting demanding flight test criteria established by Congress while remaining within strict government cost caps. Our Joint Strike Fighter design met important test criteria in 1999 as we move toward the flight demonstration of our Preferred Weapon System Concept in 2000.
As mentioned earlier, we met our commitment to deliver 30 C-130Js. For the first time, DoD budget plans call for C-130Js in each of the next five years. This is encouraging and bodes well for the program’s long-term future. Elsewhere in airlift,
the C-27J made its first flight and received a launch order from Italy for 12 aircraft. Other wins included a contract for phased depot maintenance of the U.S. Customs Service P-3 Orion fleet and the U.S. Air Force Propulsion Business Area contract for military aircraft engine servicing.
In Space Systems, Chapter 11 filings by both Iridium and ICO by mid-year disrupted the commercial space market, which negatively impacted the launch vehicle market. On the positive side, we received a $1.3 billion order from Astrolink to build four commercial satellites and a $400 million order from Teledesic for at least six satellite launches. Certain space systems programs were models of consistency. With five successful launches, Atlas achieved its 46th consecutive mission success since 1993 and our United Space Alliance joint venture safely launched and recovered the three Space Shuttle
 
missions that occurred during 1999. Additionally, the U.S. Navy achieved its 87th consecutive Trident II D-5 Fleet Ballistic Missile test launch during the year.
We achieved five Proton launches through our International Launch Services joint venture, three Titan missions and
two Athena launches, including the Ikonos satellite for our Space Imaging joint venture that transmitted the first commercial high-resolution photos from space. The successful launch of the Terra Earth-observing satellite for NASA will help accomplish earth science objectives. Losing the Future Imagery Architecture and Space-Based Infrared System-Low satellite competitions, however, were major disappointments that adversely affected our outlook.
Our systems integration business continued its strong performance, achieving year-over-year growth and exceeding its plan for new orders, cash generation and earnings before interest and taxes. The business also achieved important milestones on air and missile defense and other high-priority programs while strengthening its position in adjacent high-growth markets.
THAAD made significant strides in 1999 by intercepting its designated target twice in a row and winning approval to move into Engineering and Manufacturing Development, for which a contract is expected in early 2000. Similarly, the PAC-3 (Patriot Advanced Capability) Missile program had a successful year, achieving two successful intercepts. It was subsequently approved for low-rate initial production. And NATO awarded an international team including Lockheed Martin and its international partners a contract for the MEADS (Medium Extended Air Defense System) program, which has significant U.S. and international market potential. JASSM (Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile), another important program of the future, achieved its first powered flight. Losing the Multi-Function Radar program adversely affected our outlook.
We completed deployment of the Display System Replacement (DSR) to all 20 Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Air Route Traffic Control Centers ahead of schedule and earned acceptance of the Host and Oceanic Computer System Replacement (HOCSR) installations, enabling the FAA to meet critical Y2K requirements. General Motors selected Lockheed Martin to provide information management services for three of its units, and we received U.S. government contracts for the F-16 Mission Training Center and C-130 Aircrew Training programs, strengthening our position in the fast-growing training and simulation market.
In technology services, we won a $3.4 billion contract as part of a consortium with two British firms to manage the United Kingdom’s Atomic Weapons Establishment. We won a major contract to provide research and engineering to support development of information warfare systems for the U.S. Navy’s Information Warfare Mission Support Program.
17
   In Global Telecommunications, we announced the formation of Astrolink International LLC, which will offer worldwide dig- ital multimedia interactive broadband services from a constellation of four Lockheed Martin-built satellites. The venture involves Lockheed Martin, TRW, Telespazio and Liberty Media, who have provided total initial equity funding commitments of $1.35 billion. Lockheed Martin Intersputnik, Ltd., a venture between Lockheed Martin and Intersputnik International Organization
of Space Communications, launched its first revenue-producing satellite in September.
We remain committed to our telecommunications services strategy and completing our acquisition of COMSAT Corporation. We acquired 49 percent of COMSAT’s common stock in 1999. We are optimistic that a recent agreement among congressional leadership on draft legislation that will lift the 50 percent cap on ownership of COMSAT stock will be enacted expeditiously by Congress and enable us to complete the transaction later this year. Acquiring COMSAT is important to strengthening our position in both satellite services and network services markets. In addition, Global Telecommunications intends to further grow by linking with strategic partners to provide outside capital and domain expertise, and by tapping public equity markets at the appropriate time.
Looking ahead, consistent program and financial performance are the keys to restoring customer confidence in Lockheed Martin as well as the financial strength and flexibility that will enhance shareholder value. We are intent on becoming the world’s best systems integration company serving the global aerospace, defense and technology services markets. Our primary expertise is providing advanced technology systems and services that help governments around the world accom- plish nationally significant goals.
As a result of 1999’s disappointments, we have learned important lessons. We understand the challenges we face. The rebuilding of Lockheed Martin is underway. We are focused intently on our customers. We know that we are accountable to you, the owners of this business, and we will deliver.
 February 24, 2000
Vance D. Coffman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  