To Our Shareholders:
As I write this, we are in the midst of what some have described as the ""—nancial services' perfect
storm'' Ã an apt description given that —nancial services companies are being negatively impacted in so many
ways by the roiling capital markets. Lincoln's results in 2002 re÷ected this impact.
Declines in equity markets a≈ect fees, reserve assumptions, and a host of other assumptions on variable
products. For the full year, the S&P 500 fell 24 percent Ã the third consecutive year of negative returns for
this key index and a downturn this country hasn't seen since the tumultuous years of 1939-1941. In our
interest sensitive business, credit quality concerns and lower interest rates impact investment performance and
spreads.
The past several quarters have been a period marked by aggressive industry-wide moves by the major
rating agencies, which have taken downward action on roughly 40 percent of the names in the life insurance
industry. Lincoln distinguished itself in 2002 with an upgrade to ""A∞ Superior'' by A.M. Best Co., a rating
agency respected for its focus on the insurance industry. Our —nancial strength ratings remain safely in the
""AA'' category with Fitch, S&P and Moody's and our outlook is ""stable'' with all agencies.
But all is not so dire for —nancial services —rms. What many don't recognize is that the capital markets
have a way of masking what is really going on in the industry. We saw this during most of the nineties, as
soaring equity markets contributed to climbing variable account asset levels Ã and this rising tide lifted all
boats even as many in the industry aggressively underpriced important product features. The other extreme is
occurring today. The negative impact from capital markets is masking the good work that is happening in the
midst of the turmoil. And it's cloaking compelling growth opportunities that may be just around the corner Ã
opportunities that are driven by huge demographic shifts, evolving market requirements and increased
consumer expectations for levels of service and tools.
Controlling the Controllables
What is our approach to navigating through this period and capitalizing on the opportunities? Our mantra
hasn't changed Ã and it won't. Accepting that market performance is clearly beyond our control, we target
our e≈orts, resources and energy on those things we
can
impact. Things that truly drive our business for the
long-term Ã not short-term boosts to pro—tability that carry unjusti—able risks. This approach of ""controlling
the controllables'' remains at the core of our philosophy today and will stand as the guiding principle for
operating the business through this period.
So, despite the bleak market picture, Lincoln delivered strong fundamentals in key areas of its business.
In reporting 2002 net income of $91.6 million, or $0.49 per diluted share, we achieved positive net ÷ows for the
year in each of our businesses, retail deposits reached a record $12.8 billion in 2002, up 16 percent over 2001,
and assets under management at the end of the year were $119 billion. We also meaningfully reduced general
and administrative spending levels relative to a year ago. Our newer generation of products gained tremendous
market share as we forged and strengthened key distribution alliances. And we redeployed assets generated
from the sale of our reinsurance business into share repurchases, debt repayment and maintaining competi-
tively superior capital strength.
As we move through 2003, we will continue to focus on (1) producing positive net ÷ows by growing sales
and reducing redemptions; (2) enforcing rigorous expense controls; (3) maintaining our strong capital
position; (4) maintaining high asset quality in our investment portfolios; (5) managing crediting rates to
maintain acceptable spreads; and (6) developing and distributing state-of-the-art products, consistent with our
stringent pro—tability and risk management disciplines. Each of these areas will serve to lessen the impact of
further market downturns in the short-term, while at the same time positioning Lincoln to become
the
partner
for long-term —nancial planning as the new marketplace takes shape.
The Field is Open for a Leader
While there's no question that we've hit some tough and uncharted waters, we are con—dent that we are in
businesses that have signi—cant long-term potential. From a broad industry perspective, the focus of —nancial
services is evolving, re÷ecting changing buyer behavior. For about 130 years (from 1850-1980) insurance
focused on protection: mortality and morbidity risk. Then, in the 1980s, the industry started to feel the
pressure of the boomer wave and we focused on accumulation: protection plus asset accumulation, tax
e«ciency and estate planning.
As the baby boomers enter retirement age, longevity and quality of life will drive them to look not only at
asset preservation and risk management, but to ensure they have
income
to sustain quality of life, a legacy for
their heirs, and the ability to transfer wealth. As this shift takes place, the life insurance industry is poised to
succeed. We alone straddle all the right essentials Ã the ability to o≈er mortality and morbidity protection,
the technical expertise that enables us to provide complex —nancial and estate planning services and products
that position us to provide retirement income solutions.
But merely having the disparate tools and the opportunity to use them isn't enough. The end game is to
coordinate delivery of money management, —nancial planning, life insurance and annuities into a seamless
package. Going forward, we anticipate tremendous growth in the
Retirement Income and Wealth Transfer
business, and we believe that Lincoln is best positioned to lead the industry into this next wave. Our various
accumulation products and services feed naturally into this model and we have the right distribution platform
to deliver these solutions.
Day in and day out, Lincoln's three manufacturers work closely with distributors to understand current
and future buyer behaviors in order to proactively design products. And, every day we take steps to further
enhance our delivery platform to drive long-term performance, whether by leveraging key relationships and
technologies at Lincoln Financial Distributors or training and recruiting at Lincoln Financial Advisors. In the
new era, customers want innovation, investment performance and responsive service, intermediaries want tools
and a strong brand to work with, and shareholders want —nancial discipline with growth. We have all that, a
vision for how to use it and demonstrated ability to execute through a core group of talented and committed
professionals.
Final Thoughts
In recent months, some have questioned our industry's future in light of the recent legislative changes
proposed on Capitol Hill. We believe the proposals re÷ect the fact that Americans just aren't saving enough
and the fact that people are living longer and will need more income for a longer period of time. For us,
heightened awareness around consumer savings and the need for retirement income planning is a good
thing Ã rather than fearing impending changes we are pleased that the administration has sparked a national
dialogue. We intend to be an active participant in these conversations.
As I close, I want to circle back to our ""controllables.'' In addition to operating measures, two important
controllables are communications and corporate governance. We are committed to providing our shareholders
with visibility and transparency into our earnings through very active and candid communication. Examples
are our regular disclosure on such issues as capitalized acquisition costs, reserves for product guarantees, and
equity market impact. While we've eliminated the traditional glossy portion of our annual report, you'll see
that we've expanded —nancial disclosures in the attached 10-K and have added content to our investor site at
LFG.com. Going forward, this will be our preferred vehicle for the dissemination of information.
Just as important, we will maintain Lincoln's long-standing commitment to industry-leading corporate
governance practices. Lincoln has always held —rm to the fundamental premise that stringent governance
procedures are healthy and appropriate. To name just a few highlights, Lincoln has an independent board
where 12 of 13 directors are outsiders. We have an appointed lead director and almost all of our major board
committees are chaired by and comprised of independent directors. Our board also meets regularly without
management present and conducts regular and rigorous assessments of all our directors and total board
composition.
As you can tell, it's clear we think Lincoln is an attractive opportunity for investors. When you look
beyond the unpleasant veneer of recent market activity, this is an organization that has staked out prime space
in a business with great future potential. Lincoln has a disciplined mindset, superb products and distribution,
and a motivated and talented group of employees. We're con—dent in our skills, the strength of our economy,
and the resulting outcome for investors over time.
Thank you for your continued support of Lincoln Financial Group,
Jon A. Boscia
Chairman and Chief Executive O«cer
March 18, 2003