2014 Annual Letter to Shareholders Dear Shareholders, It was another very good year for Lincoln as collaboration across the organization enabled our diversified mix of businesses to deliver consistent and profitable growth in 2014. Importantly, key shareholder metrics continue to show positive momentum, with several reaching record levels. Notably:        Operating earnings per share of $6.03 reached a record level, up 20 percent for the full year* Operating revenues of $13.7 billion reached a record level* Positive consolidated net flows in every quarter of 2014 and favorable equity markets drove assets under management to $218 billion, another record Operating return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"), was 13 percent, up 100 basis points over the prior year* Book value per share, excluding AOCI, increased to $49, up 9 percent* Capital returned to shareholders accelerated as share buybacks grew by 44% coupled with a 25% increase in our common stock dividend Statutory capital as of year-end of nearly $9 billion was once again a record amount

As a result of our strong financial performance, Lincoln once again rewarded shareholders as our stock closed the year at a price of nearly $58 a share, a 12 percent increase from one year ago. Our relative performance was equally impressive as we outperformed our peer group and the Standard & Poor's ("S&P") 500®, which were up 2 percent and 11 percent, respectively1. We are proud that our consistent results continue our multi-year track record of rewarding shareholders. Over the past three years our stock has increased 197 percent, nearly doubling the 99 percent gain of our peer group. While I am excited about what we have accomplished, I am equally excited about what lies ahead as I don't recall a time when our relative strength and industry position has been this strong. Our positive momentum coupled with our solid capital base affords us the opportunity to advance key business strategies aimed at driving long-term, sustainable growth in our four business segments: Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services ("RPS") and Group Protection. Key strategies where we will dedicate our attention include: Leveraging our powerful distribution to maintain market leading positions while expanding into new markets. Lincoln's distribution franchise remains our engine as retail, wholesale and worksite teams continue to deliver outstanding results. Over 63,000 producers choose to sell Lincoln products, and our consistent presence in key markets affords us the opportunity to further expand distribution partners, tilt product mix and methodically grow sales. Targeting the fastest growing industry segments. Favorable shifts in demographics and the fraying of traditional government and corporate safety nets create attractive growth opportunities in select markets. We will capitalize on these opportunities ­ with the midlarge government and healthcare markets in RPS, employee-paid products in Group Protection, and our Investor AdvantageSM product in Annuities as a few examples. Continuing our tilt away from long-term guarantee products. We remain steadfast in our commitment to reduce the amount of long-term guarantees in our sales mix and increase the amount of earnings derived from products that have mortality and morbidity based-risk. A recovery in earnings from Group Protection, which is the one area where we remain disappointed in our results, will aid in these initiatives. We are confident that we are taking the necessary actions to restore profitability, including aggressive rate increases and integrating our new claims system. Actively managing capital. Capital generation and deployment remain key pillars to our story and we are pleased that we continue to surprise to the upside. In 2014, we repurchased $650 million of Lincoln stock and increased our dividend by 25 percent. With a strong risked-based capital ratio and further capital generation, we see buybacks increasing in 2015 and remaining an important part of our story as we still see value in our stock. Stock buybacks combined with our focus on maintaining a competitive dividend should continue to help create shareholder value. Controlling what we can. Macro headwinds, particularly persistently low interest rates, continue to present earnings headwinds. That said, we are confident that we have internal levers and inherent product demand that will enable our positive earnings momentum to continue. In fact, during our November 2014 Investor Day, we noted that organic growth from our balanced and repriced product portfolio, which is generating attractive new business returns, combined with capital management should drive consistent EPS growth in the foreseeable future, even if macro headwinds persist.

1 Daily Markets Intelligence Summary, an Ipreo service. Lincoln defines its peer group as Genworth Financial, Inc., Manulife Financial Corp., MetLife, Inc., Principal Financial Group, Inc., Protective Life Corp., Prudential Financial, Inc., Sun Life Financial, Inc., Symetra Financial Corporation, Torchmark Corp. and Unum Group. 

Maintaining our clean story and consistent results. I believe we can continue to be offensive in executing our plan, which has resulted in several years of very consistent results, as we are not distracted by precarious run-off or closed block businesses, and our 100 percent domestic footprint better protects us from global macro uncertainty and currency headwinds. Regulation is evolving quickly at all levels ­ state, federal, and international ­ though importantly, we are not in the crosshairs of dual regulation. That said, Lincoln has taken a very active role in discussions, urging regulators to apply credible weight to consumer value as well as solvency. In closing, on behalf of our more than 9,000 employees, we would like to thank you for your continued trust and investment in Lincoln Financial Group. We are pleased with what we achieved in 2014, and we could not be more excited about the opportunities that lie ahead.

Dennis R. Glass President and CEO March 23, 2015

William H. Cunningham Chairman of the Board

* A reconciliation of income from operations, operating revenues, operating return on equity (excluding accumulated other comprehensive income "AOCI") and book value per share (excluding AOCI) to their most comparable GAAP measures appears on the next page. Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language Statements in this letter that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language" beginning on page 33 and "Risk Factors" beginning on page 16. Income (loss) from operations, operating revenues and operating return on equity ("ROE") are internal measures used by our management and Board of Directors to evaluate and assess the results of our segments. Income (loss) from operations is net income as defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") excluding the after-tax effects of the following items, as applicable:  Realized gains and losses associated with the following ("excluded realized gain (loss)"):  Sales or disposals and impairments of securities;  Changes in the fair value of derivatives, embedded derivatives within certain reinsurance arrangements and trading securities;  Changes in the fair value of the derivatives we own to hedge our guaranteed death benefit ("GDB") riders within our variable annuities;  Changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives of our guaranteed living benefit ("GLB") riders accounted for at fair value, net of the change in the fair value of the derivatives we own to hedge them; and  Changes in the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities related to index call options we may purchase in the future to hedge contract holder index allocations applicable to future reset periods for our indexed annuity products accounted for at fair value; Changes in reserves resulting from benefit ratio unlocking on our GDB and GLB riders; Income (loss) from reserve changes, net of related amortization, on business sold through reinsurance; Gains (losses) on early extinguishment of debt; Losses from the impairment of intangible assets; Income (loss) from discontinued operations; and Income (loss) from the initial adoption of new accounting standards.

     

Operating revenues represent GAAP revenues excluding the pre-tax effects of the following items, as applicable:     Excluded realized gain (loss); Revenue adjustments from the initial adoption of new accounting standards; Amortization of DFEL arising from changes in GDB and GLB benefit ratio unlocking; and Amortization of deferred gains arising from reserve changes on business sold through reinsurance.

ROE measures how efficiently we generate profits from the resources provided by our net assets. ROE as used herein is calculated by dividing income (loss) from operations by average equity, excluding AOCI.

