To
Our Shareholders:
If I had been permitted to write a script for Lincoln’s 2005 accomplishments, I
couldn’t have created a better scenario than our actual results. What an incredible year 2005 was for
this organization. By every measure, from the bottom line to
market share gains, Lincoln produced one of the finest performancesin its 100 year
history We established ourselves as an industry leader in 2005. On
June 10, Lincoln celebrated its centennial anniversary – a century of excellence that began
with a humble request to name a new
insurance company after the 16th U.S. president.
Lincoln employees everywhere celebrated our history on that day, and
collectively demonstrated our pride in the company’s accomplishments and dedication
to its shared values. We also announced a new chapter in Lincoln’s history, the merger with Jefferson-Pilot Financial. 
The critical mass of this synergistic joining of forces made the entire industry sit up and pay attention.
Two organizations, each with a century
of experience, announced plans to unite and create a new force
in the financial services industry. With little
overlap and tremendous opportunity to capitalize on eachother’s product line and
distribution capabilities, the new Lincoln will boast a balanced portfolio, superior ratings and strong market
positions across multiple products. The perfect accompaniment to these high profile
occurrences during the year was the steady drum beat of superior business results. This
is clearly where Lincoln shone the brightest during 2005. Financial highlights help tell the story:
• record gross deposits for the year of $40 billion, a 31% increase over prior full year results
• aggregate net flows of $20.2 billion for the year, another record that exceeded 2004
levels by 39%
• $10.3 billion in gross deposits in the Lincoln Retirement segment, besting last year’s gross deposits by
14% and demonstrating continued growth in a critical area for Lincoln
• Net income of $831 million for the year, as compared to $707 million for 2004
• Return onequity for the year, derived from income from operations, reached 15.4%
Advancing On Multiple Fronts
This remarkable performance in 2005 takes on even greater significance when you
consider some of the underlying developments that took place. While the above
numbers describe what we accomplished, recognition such as that received from
Working Mother magazine, the American Association of Retired Persons (AARP) and
the Wall Street Journal feted Lincoln for how we did it.
Lincoln was one of only four companies to consistently be ranked among the 100 best
companies for working mothers, an honor we’ve earned 19 out of the past 20 years. AARP
named Lincoln one of the best employers for workers over the age of 50, an
honor we’ve received for three consecutive years. And the Wall Street Journal,
in an article recognizing financial services companies for effective outreach to
baby boomers applauded our Hello Future SM. campaign as an
example of our understanding of the retirement revolution and “the power of unconventional thinking.”
These accolades from independent sources all speak to our dedication to excellence and our shared values.
We’ve obviously worked diligently to achieve the record business results mentioned above. But we’ve worked
just as hard to position ourselves as an employer of choice, a leader in the marketplace and a valued
corporate neighbor in the commuinities we serve. I believe these seemingly disparate events are
connected and a competitive advantage.

Retirement Revolution
Everywhere you look there is evidence of the explosive influence of the baby boomer generation on our
industry. Every one of our competitors has tuned their marketing and advertising approach accordingly.
Lincoln is leaning in to the curves in this race for share of mind, and it is acritical race indeed. Estimates put the
economic might of baby boomers awakening to their retirement needs at roughly $8 trillion, so it
is also a race for share of wallet.

For the next few decades, baby boomers approaching their retirement years will be seeking
information, products and advice from companies that nderstand their unique needs.
Lincoln established a beachhead with its first Long Life Survey, and expanded its
information base with the establishment of the Lincoln RetirementSM Institute in 2005. The Institute’s website,
www.lfg.com/retire, gives baby boomers an electronic repository of information, articles and calculators to
help them make in formed decisions. We also reached out to our partner firms through a series
of retirement income summits designed to give broker/dealers and financial advisors the background, 
facts and data they will need to assist baby boomers in painting a realistic retirement picture. Nationally 
recognized economists and authors on the subject served as key note speakers during these summits, and 
helped to deepen our relationships with our partner firms. All of these efforts showcased the true work
of art, our portfolio of products. As we’ve driven the message of how critical lifetime income s as a
necessary ingredient to a comfortable retirement, we’ve also witnessed a corresponding rise in
variable annuity deposits. i4LIFE Advantage® elections in 2005 broke the $1 billion barrier, with 85%
of that being new money. Our messages to consumers through our advertising and the Lincoln Retirement 
Institute, and to financial advisors throughour wholesalers and our retirement income summits, are
in sync with the needs of baby boomers seeking to lead the retirement revolution. The outcome
is evidentin our financial results. Retail premiums forour suite of life insurance products also
rebounded in 2005, reaching a record $845 million, with Variable Universal Life (VUL) sales up 26%
over 2004 results. This segment of our business takes on even more importance now that the merger with Jefferson
-Pilot is complete, as the life insurance business was one of its areas of strength.
Excellence At Every Turn
There were great stories to tell across the entire Lincoln landscape for 2005. Lincoln Financial
Distributors, for example, has shifted in to a higher gear when it comes to strengthened relationships
with partner firms. LFD’s retail sales for 2005 provide proof of their effort to be the partner
of choice for life insurance, annuities and investment management products. Just looking at the top
10 key accounts (representing two thirds of total LFD sales) there was a 28% increase in sales
over 2004. Again, there are other elements to LFD’s success that aren’t purely based on the
numbers. Our wholesaling force is becoming more seasoned. We are simply better at doing
what we do than we’ve ever been before, which correlates directly to productivity and results.
Lincoln Financial Advisors has commpleted the roll out of its Consistency of Excellence
operating model, designed to create a new national support modelthat provides the tools and 
information demanded by today’s savvy clients. The percentage of financial advisors who have signed
on is higher than projected, and the building blocks are now in place for LFA to surge ahead in
productivity and client satisfaction. Delaware Investments produced record combined deposits
of $28.7 billion for the year, up an amazing 41% over previous year to date totals, with
net flows of nearly $16 billion (a 55% increase over 2004 levels). Delaware’s record-setting results
are only part of the success story. Our investment management business has been able to attract some
of the best and brightest talent in the industry, leading to Delaware’s enhanced reputation in
the investment management business.
Merger Activity
In October we announced our intention to merge with Jefferson-Pilot Financial, a deal
which closed on April 3, 2006. In the course of a few short months we and our colleagues at 
Jefferson-Pilot had to map out an intricate and detailed plan for bringing these two organizations
together. Multiple bipartisan teams quickly organized and set about the task of doing just that. Yet each person with a
responsibility to these merger teams also had their daily duties tn attend to. I am proud of each and every
employee who has managed to keep an eye on the ball and meet their business goals while making progress
on integration planning. At a time when distractions and countless demands for attention
are the rule and not the exception, employees from Lincoln and Jefferson-Pilot organized, strategized, 
and self-actualized toget the job done. Now that job is complete, and the new Lincolnwill be a formidable competitor with a well balanced 
product mix and a solid value proposition
Looking Ahead
Although the purpose of an annual report is to provide perspective on the past year,
it also serves as a lens through which one can get a glimpse of the future.
From where I sit, Lincoln’s future is bright and full of promise. There is the promise of a
larger and more robust distribution network, one that can grow its capabilities to reach and serve 
multiple channels of wholesale product distribution while raising the bar of excellence and
leadership for the entire industry. There is the promise of an expanded financial advisor
network with multiple and synergistic operating models, one that is focused on both the
needs of the mass affluent market and the evolving services required by high net worth
individuals. And there is the promise of new business ventures like Employer Markets; an 
impressive array of products springing from combined portfolios and robust life and annuity
centers of excellence; and increased opportunities within the new Lincoln for Investment Management
to capitalize on its emergence as a premier fund manager.I appreciate your support during what was 
with out question one of Lincoln’s best years ever. I look forward to your continued support as we mine the opportunities the merger 
with Jefferson Pilot Financial will provide.
Sincerely,
Jon A. Boscia
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 14, 2006


