2010 Annual Letter to Shareholders To Our Shareholders: The Year in Review We are pleased to report below the progress that Lincoln National Corporation ("Lincoln") made this past year in strengthening our foundation to support accelerated growth and improved earnings. In terms of shareholder value, we saw our stock price rise by 12%, announced a dividend increase from one cent to five cents per share per quarter and repurchased $73 million of outstanding equity. A snapshot of our 2010 results underscores the strength of our franchise: x x x x x x Net income of $980 million, up from a loss of $485 million in 2009; Income from operations of $1.0 billion, up 10% over 2009*; Operating revenues of $10.6 billion, up 9% over 2009*; $20.9 billion of consolidated deposits, up 6% over 2009; $6.3 billion of consolidated net flows; down 14% from 2009; and A total of $157.3 billion in consolidated assets under management, up 11% over 2009.

Given our momentum and the quality of our execution, along with the expectation that capital markets and the domestic economy will continue to improve, we are confident that the outlook for Lincoln is positive and robust. 2010 Focus and Priorities Lincoln serves growing markets through four complementary businesses that require a deep level of expertise to appropriately manage the risk that we assume on behalf of our clients. Throughout 2010, we focused on executing aggressive growth plans for each business, made targeted investments in systems, distribution and product design, and enhanced our risk management capabilities. Importantly, we remained consistent in our approach to product management, distribution support and service ­ a consistency that is recognized, valued and rewarded by our distribution partners and other stakeholders. We also completed a number of actions to enhance the company's capital and liquidity structure to support our strong credit and financial strength ratings and provide sufficient financial flexibility to invest in the future. We repurchased the $950 million of our Series B preferred stock issued to the U.S. Treasury as part of our participation in the Capital Purchase Program less than a year after entering the program, extended important bank facilities and established long-term reserve financing agreements to support our retail life business. Finally, we increased our investments in talent and brand to ensure that we remain competitive, connected and relevant to our workforce, to our distribution partners and to our clients. Retirement Solutions Highlights We saw solid demand for individual annuities in 2010 and benefited from having multiple solutions available on most of our major distribution partner platforms. We updated pricing on certain products this past year to balance competitive positioning with sound financial and risk management discipline, and launched a combination fixed annuity long-term care solution to capitalize on the growing preference for flexible financial solutions. We continued to adhere to our disciplined approach to the annuity marketplace by maintaining a consistent presence and leveraging the combination of strong distribution and quality products. In 2010, we continued to invest in the expansion of our Defined Contribution business. Building on our reputation in the 403(b) healthcare market, Lincoln is firmly focused on those Defined Contribution market segments with the fastest growth potential: healthcare 403(b); corporate middle market 401(k); and the small employer 401(k) markets. Although net flows in this business tend to be uneven over the course of a year, we were pleased with the growth we experienced in deposits, account values, revenues and income. Insurance Solutions Highlights Lincoln produced solid year-over-year sales growth of 4% in its individual life insurance business in 2010, driven in part by strong sales in MoneyGuard®, our flexible universal life ("UL") long-term care product, which provides multiple options for funding retirement needs. Flexibility was also the impetus behind the launch of Lincoln DurationGuarantee® UL, our new limited coverage, guaranteed UL product that combines the flexibility and guarantees of UL with the affordability of term insurance. Confirming our size and reputation in this business, at year end, Lincoln was the top provider of individual life insurance through more than a dozen major distribution firms, and, according to rankings based on Life Insurance and Market Research Association ("LIMRA")

year-to-date sales data as of December 31, 2010, we remained the #3 provider of life insurance overall and #1 provider of UL insurance. Our Group Protection business is an important growth business for Lincoln, and we are well-positioned to grow in both the traditional markets as well as the expanding voluntary market. During the year, we added distribution capabilities and launched a new group accident insurance coverage product to take advantage of market opportunities. Results in 2010 were muted due to higher than expected disability loss ratios, which we believe are related to many employees delaying the filing of disability claims during the worst of the recession. We took a number of steps in 2010 to better manage through this period of elevated loss ratios and we are confident that these moves will help to improve loss ratios over time. We have a long history of success in this business and the talent necessary to manage this business over the long term. Wholesale and Retail Distribution Highlights Lincoln Financial Distributors is one of the largest wholesale distribution organizations in the industry, but the heart of our strategy is improving productivity, deepening our strategic partnerships and expanding the number of advisors recommending Lincoln solutions to their clients. In 2010, we saw a 7% increase in wholesaler productivity and a 4% increase in the number of advisors to more than 57,000 who now recommend Lincoln products. In addition, over the past two years, our strategic efforts to expand shelf space, launch new products and increase cross selling have contributed to a 16% increase in total sales. We believe disciplined execution of this strategy over time will continue to generate meaningful top- and bottom-line growth for Lincoln. A key measure of success for Lincoln Financial Network ("LFN"), our retail sales and fee-based financial advisory services platform, is its ability to attract and retain seasoned advisors. In 2010, the total number of LFN advisors grew by more than 300 to approximately 8,000. Our experience shows that consumers remain risk-averse and are increasingly looking for professional advice and security, a trend that will benefit large, independent broker-dealers like LFN. Our Investment Portfolio, Capital and Liquidity Positions Our insurance affiliate investment portfolios are well-diversified across asset classes, sectors and issuers with a focus on high quality investments in stable market sectors. Asset quality improved significantly throughout 2010 as measured by realized losses and our unrealized gain position, and the average credit quality of our portfolios today is "A," with new purchases biased toward higher quality securities. With strong asset-liability management and risk controls in place, we believe the investment portfolio is well-positioned heading into 2011. Lincoln ended the year with a risk-based capital ("RBC") ratio** ­ an important measure of an insurance company's capital position ­ of 491%, and approximately $700 million in cash at the holding company, both historically high levels for our company. Industry and Market Outlook The improving external environment, including favorable equity markets and rising interest rates, provides helpful tailwinds for our businesses. Our experience shows that consumers are more focused than ever on growing and protecting their savings, and increasingly seeking out guaranteed solutions to fund a portion of their retirements. Moreover, according to U.S. Census data, the older age segments of the population, who are a major market for our solutions, are growing faster than the overall population. These trends are catalysts for accelerated growth over the next decade. The industry is grappling with change in the shape of regulatory reform, which may result in the need to hold higher levels of capital reserves, proposed changes to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") for life insurers and potential changes to tax policy. We believe it is our responsibility to participate in the public dialogue surrounding these issues to raise awareness of the implications for our clients and shareholders. Strong, balanced public policy is the best outcome for Lincoln, for the industry and for the country. Our Workplace Experience Our ability to successfully capitalize on market trends and deliver consistent results is due in large part to the quality and professionalism of our employees. In 2010, we expanded our wellness offerings and tools, including an enhanced care management program for employees with chronic health conditions, to help employees follow healthier lifestyles. We raised the bar on our diversity and inclusion efforts through a new cross-functional Diversity Council and expanded the number of development opportunities available to employees through our internal training program called LEAD. In addition, we confirmed the high levels of engagement our employees have for our company through an enterprise-wide survey where we outperformed industry benchmarks for employee advocacy, passion and sense of purpose in their work. Career development opportunities, meaningful and challenging work and a culture that rewards performance are all part of delivering a satisfying employee experience that reflects our shared belief in serving our clients with confidence, optimism and integrity.

Corporate and Social Responsibility In 2010, the Lincoln Financial Foundation contributed nearly $10 million to support nonprofit organizations in the communities where our employees live and work, with a focus on supporting education and workforce development, providing for basic needs and increasing access to the arts. The Lincoln Foundation also contributed $970,000 to United Way agencies, and our employees donated nearly $900,000 to the United Way as well through workplace campaigns. Lincoln remains committed to supporting volunteerism in three ways: participation on nonprofit boards; activities such as drives for local charities, including food banks and blood banks; and through LIVE, Lincoln Invests in Volunteer Experiences, which awarded $31,500 to nonprofits in 2010 in recognition of employees donating 50 hours of personal volunteer time. A Consistent Market Leader Lincoln ended the year with a healthy financial foundation, and we thank the Board of Directors for its leadership through the challenges and opportunities of the past year. Our company is well-positioned to produce sustainable, profitable growth by leveraging our strengths as a consistent market leader in both product design and distribution. The external environment is generating tailwinds for our businesses, including an improving economy and favorable consumer demographics and demand. And although some headwinds remain, we are confident that we have all of the pieces in place to execute our growth strategies and enhance value creation for our policyholders, employees and shareholders in 2011. Thank you for your trust and support. Sincerely,

Dennis R. Glass President and CEO March 28, 2011

William H. Cunningham Chairman of the Board

* A reconciliation of operating revenues to revenues and income from operations to net income appears in Note 23 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements presented in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." ** The inclusion of RBC measures is intended solely for the information of investors and is not intended for the purpose of ranking any insurance company or for use in connection with any marketing, advertising or promotional activities. Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language Statements in this letter that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language" beginning on page 43 and "Risk Factors" beginning on page 23.

