2011 Annual Letter to Shareholders To Our Shareholders: The Year in Review We are pleased to report the progress that Lincoln National Corporation ("Lincoln") made in 2011, building on our strong foundation to deliver excellent operating results. In terms of shareholder value, our strong capital position and confidence in the company's earnings power led us to raise the dividend by 60%, repurchase $575 million of shares and reduce our long-term debt by $225 million. We also set the stage for solid growth in 2012 and beyond through a number of strategic investments in our businesses. During 2011, our financial and operating results reflected the strength of our franchise combined with our consistent and disciplined execution and presence in the market. Key financial results for the year included: · · · · A 5% increase in operating revenue* to $11 billion. A 27% increase in income from operations* ­ a good measure of the earnings power of our franchise ­ to $1.3 billion. Consolidated deposits of $21.6 billion with positive net flows of $6.4 billion. An increase in ending account balances to $160 billion.

Net income of $290 million was lower for the year, primarily the result of a non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to the Life Insurance business. The goodwill impairment reflects near-term challenges in the environment but does not change our view of the long-term viability and importance of this business to Lincoln. 2011 Focus and Priorities With the twin challenges of low interest rates and volatile equity markets pressuring all financial services companies, our priorities in 2011 were squarely focused on taking steps to further de-risk our investment portfolio and our balance sheet; supporting margins; and making targeted, strategic investments in our businesses where we can expect a meaningful return on the investment. · · · De-risking: It was clear in 2011 that our multi-year "risk off" strategy ­ which includes putting new money into higherquality assets inside our investment portfolio and setting higher threshold levels of capital and liquidity ­ has successfully positioned the company to withstand unpredictable market conditions. Supporting margins: We continued to adjust product design and pricing to better align our solutions with external market conditions, leveraged the power and reach of our distribution organizations to support good topline growth, and contained expenses to help meet profitability targets. Strategic investments: We continued to make targeted investments across the company to maintain the scope and reach of our franchise, with a particular emphasis on expanding our Retirement Plan Services and Group Protection businesses to increase earnings power in future years and further diversify our overall earnings mix. We made significant progress in 2011 with advances in technology, product, distribution and service in these businesses.

Given our momentum and the actions we have taken to reinforce our standing as a leader in this industry, we are confident that the outlook for Lincoln is positive. Annuities Highlights Our strategy in the Annuities business is to lead with strong distribution, offer a diverse suite of products that provide good consumer value and maintain a consistent presence in the market. In 2011, we benefitted from having multiple solutions available on most of our major distribution partner platforms and added several new distribution relationships for our fixed and indexed products. We also adjusted our variable annuity investment options to include more passively managed funds and asset allocation models, which helped to improve the risk profile of these products. Risk management practices surrounding the guarantees offered on variable annuities remain an important success factor and differentiator in the marketplace. Changes to the hardware platform and enhancements to risk analysis contributed to furthering Lincoln's reputation as a top-tier variable annuity risk manager. We know annuities are important planning tools for consumers, and we are confident in our ability to grow and manage this business profitably. Retirement Plan Services Highlights In 2011, we renamed our Defined Contribution business "Retirement Plan Services" to better represent the full range of our capabilities, especially as we continue to invest in the expansion of this business. During the year we increased distribution support for small 401(k) and mid-large plans, expanded our marketing efforts and reached a significant milestone in our technology

transformation by launching a new record-keeping platform ­ all of which resulted in considerable traction as evidenced by strong sales, positive net flows and improved retention across all markets. Our goal of consolidating technology platforms will continue in 2012, driving further service and administration improvements for both new and existing clients. We expect to see the momentum that began in 2011 carry into 2012. Life Insurance Highlights Lincoln had significant sales growth in the Life Insurance business in 2011, driven in part by the growing adoption of MoneyGuard®, our flexible universal life long-term care product. Over the course of the year we repriced or re-designed many of our Life Insurance products to support the profitability of the franchise, which also helped to fuel a shift in the mix of sales away from secondary guarantee universal life in favor of variable universal life, indexed universal life and MoneyGuard. Lincoln has significant size and scale in the Life Insurance business. While sustained low interest rates represent a challenge for life insurers, they do not change our view of the importance of this business to Lincoln and to our policyholders. As an industry leader, we are confident in the long-term viability of the Life Insurance business as well as our product management expertise and distribution strategy for these products. Group Protection Highlights We continue to build out our Group Protection capabilities to better position Lincoln to take advantage of the growing opportunity in voluntary benefits, as well as increasing our penetration in our core small employer traditional group market. In 2011, we launched a critical illness product, enhanced our sales team structure to spur productivity, and invested in leading-edge technology platforms. We also worked hard to bring loss ratios back into the expected range over the course of the year with a combination of new claims management strategies and repricing actions. We have a long history of success in the group benefits marketplace and the focused investments and talent needed to significantly grow our footprint in this business. Wholesale and Retail Distribution Highlights Lincoln Financial Distributors is one of the largest wholesale distribution organizations in the industry, with a reputation for superior wholesaler expertise and productivity. In 2011, our wholesaling efforts allowed us to successfully expand the number of advisors recommending Lincoln products to their clients to more than 57,000 in total. In addition, the number of advisors recommending more than one Lincoln solution ­ an indicator of the depth of our relationships ­ grew by 7%. We believe disciplined execution of this strategy over time combined with disciplined expense management will continue to generate meaningful top- and bottom-line growth for Lincoln. Lincoln Financial Network ("LFN"), our retail sales and fee-based financial advisory services platform, continues to successfully attract and retain seasoned advisors. In 2011, the total number of LFN advisors grew to approximately 8,150, and LFN was again named the second largest independent broker-dealer by InvestmentNews. LFN's business model of offering multiple support levels for its advisor base is a key growth driver while allowing it to adapt to the economics affecting retail distribution. Our experience indicates that consumers remain risk-averse and will increasingly seek professional independent advice and security, a trend that will benefit LFN. Our Investment Portfolio, Capital and Liquidity Positions Our insurance subsidiary investment portfolios are well-diversified across asset classes and issuers, with an average credit quality of "A." Since 2008, purchases have been biased towards higher quality investments. We have little exposure to financial and sovereign debt in the peripheral European countries ­ two sectors that drove headlines in 2011 ­ and we are confident that our overall European exposure is well-positioned. Stress tests further confirm the high quality of our portfolio, which will allow us to take advantage of opportunities in 2012. Lincoln ended the year with total adjusted capital of $7.6 billion in our insurance subsidiaries and approximately $600 million in cash at the holding company, both historically high levels for the company. Our Workforce Our ability to successfully navigate the markets and deliver consistent results for shareholders and policyholders is due to the quality and professionalism of our employees. In 2011, we continued to offer career development opportunities through our internal training curriculum called LEAD, now celebrating its second anniversary, and expanded wellness offerings to help employees maintain healthier lifestyles at work and at home. These programs, along with our commitment to meaningful and challenging work and a culture that rewards performance, are all part of delivering a satisfying employee experience that attracts top industry talent and reflects our shared commitment to serving our customers with optimism and integrity.

Corporate Responsibility We increased our focus on corporate citizenship in 2011 with the launch of a new Office of Corporate Responsibility. This office is responsible for coordinating Lincoln's efforts to improve the quality of life for underserved populations in our communities, promoting environmentally sustainable business practices and encouraging employee volunteerism. In 2011, the Lincoln Financial Foundation contributed nearly $10 million to support nonprofit organizations in our communities with a focus on education, basic needs, economic/workforce development and access to the arts. The Lincoln Financial Foundation also contributed $898,000 to United Way agencies last year, coordinated workplace giving campaigns that raised another $1 million for the United Way, and matched more than $1 million in employee donations to nonprofit agencies. From an environmental perspective, we are using less paper, reducing energy consumption and encouraging employees to live greener lives at work and at home, and several new initiatives are underway. We also remain committed to supporting employee volunteerism through local charitable activities, nonprofit board service and our Lincoln Invests in Volunteer Experiences program, which recognizes employees who donate 50 hours or more of personal volunteer time. Brand and Reputation Our brand has long stood for optimism and the power of positive action. Market research conducted by Lincoln in 2011 confirmed that consumers connect most closely with companies that empower them to take charge of their finances and their lives, and that taking action makes people feel more optimistic about the future. These findings led to the launch of our You're In ChargeSM brand platform, which is being brought to life through our Chief Life OfficerSM campaign. The campaign recognizes the many roles that we all play in our lives ­ Chief Organize a Family Vacation Officer, Chief Save for a New House Officer, Chief Volunteer in my Community Officer, to name a few ­ and that, by making smart financial decisions to take charge of the future, we are all Chief Life Officers. A Consistent Market Leader Lincoln ended 2011 with a healthy financial foundation, and we thank the Board of Directors for its leadership through the challenges and opportunities of the past year. Our strategy is simple but compelling: we serve growing markets with insurance and retirement solutions that require deep financial and risk management expertise to execute well through an extensive network of distribution partners. With all of the pieces in place, we are confident that we are well-positioned to execute our growth strategies and enhance value creation for our policyholders, employees and shareholders in 2012. Thank you for your trust and support. Sincerely,

Dennis R. Glass President and CEO March 29, 2012

William H. Cunningham Chairman of the Board

* A reconciliation of operating revenues to revenues and income from operations to net income appears in Note 22 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements presented in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language Statements in this letter that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language" beginning on page 35 and "Risk Factors" beginning on page 17.

