To Our Shareholders: The Year in Review The year 2007 was a strong one for Lincoln National Corporation ("Lincoln"), marked by good operational execution in our core businesses, which mitigated the impact of volatile capital markets late in the year and allowed Lincoln to achieve solid financial performance. Building upon our brand as a leader in providing retirement income security solutions, we demonstrated sales growth in virtually all product categories. Also, we achieved our merger integration targets, demonstrated that our enterprise risk management program works well in volatile markets, divested the majority of our media assets and ended the year with a strong capital position and good momentum. The Retirement Opportunity: Protection, Accumulation, Income Lincoln has a leading market position in its individual life and group protection businesses, having achieved above-market growth in both markets in recent years. Multiple-channel distribution expansion and product development will enhance our market position and opportunity for continued growth. Our strategic focus on the fast growing retirement market is driving investment in each of our Defined Contribution, Individual Annuity and Investment Management businesses to take advantage of one of the largest financial service marketplace opportunities in recent history. We are building a broad wholesale and retail distribution network with the advisory capabilities our customers are demanding, and we are focused on developing and offering market-leading products. The scale of the retirement opportunity and Lincoln's already well-established position in Defined Contribution, variable annuity lifelong income guarantees, and Investment Management combines to provide significant growth potential. Solid Financial Performance In addition to making progress on our strategic objectives, Lincoln also delivered solid financial results in 2007. We posted record sales results in variable annuities, life insurance and group protection, with sales growth of 20% or more in these businesses. We also delivered 25% sales growth in our Defined Contribution business and 32% growth in our retail mutual funds. Enterprise highlights included: x x x x x Net income of $1.2 billion, or $4.43 per diluted share $33.2 billion of consolidated retail deposits $7.5 billion of consolidated net retail flows $236.7 billion consolidated assets under management Returned over $1.4 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases

Distribution Expansion These results above reflected our substantial investment during 2007 to expand our best-in-class distribution platforms in Individual and Employer Markets, as well as a robust product portfolio. Lincoln Financial Distributors ("LFD"), our wholesaling organization, grew its wholesaler force by approximately 25% and its sales by 14% from 2006, exceeding the $20 billion mark in combined product sales for the first time. Lincoln Financial Network ("LFN"), our retail distribution group, also had a strong year. LFN's active producer count grew to nearly 7,300 in 2007, and LFN produced record top-line growth. In both retail and wholesale distribution, we are achieving improved productivity driven by a maturing sales force, tactical expansion strategies targeting specific product launches and territorial gaps, and overall operating efficiencies. For the first time in our recent history, both our wholesale and retail distribution platforms of LFD and LFN are not only covering their costs, but are also able to finance their expansion within product pricing allowances. Individual Markets In Individual Markets, Lincoln delivered excellent production growth in 2007. In life insurance, we posted a 20% increase in sales, while launching our unified product portfolio and beginning the implementation of our industry-leading underwriting initiative. In annuities, Lincoln became an industry leader from a manufacturing perspective and posted a 28% increase in sales. We increased our market share during the year, driven by strength in our ChoicePlusSM and American Legacy® variable annuity products.

In February, we launched enhancements to our income and withdrawal benefits on both ChoicePlusSM and American Legacy® products. These enhancements both address competitive challenges and strengthen the profitability of these products. Employer Markets In Employer Markets, 2007 was a rebuilding year in which we made significant progress in positioning our Defined Contribution business. After significant market analysis, we identified the mid to large health care markets and the small to mid corporate markets as those offering the best growth opportunities and we launched new or updated products designed for these markets. We also continued to invest in distribution and initiated the consolidation of our service operations. Sales in the mid- to large-case market produced excellent results in 2007. Sales in the small-case market were not as strong, primarily due to the replacement of a third-party wholesaling firm with our own internal wholesaling group. We did see an appreciable pickup in proposal activity, a potential leading indicator of sales, in the small-case market in the fourth quarter of 2007 and into the early days of 2008, which leads us to be cautiously optimistic about 2008. Investment Management Our Investment Management segment posted very strong financial results in 2007, with record revenues, profits and margins. Mutual fund flows were very strong at $7.4 billion gross ($1.2 billion net), driven in part by the success of our four-star-rated diversified income fund. We also launched our first closed-end mutual fund in 13 years. Our institutional fixed-income business is undergoing a period of transition to a new talented group of portfolio managers. Financial Strength and Risk Management In the latter part of 2007, volatility in the equity and fixed-income markets increased dramatically, putting our enterprise risk management program to the test. We are pleased to report that the program performed well. We continue to invest in and advance our approach to managing the risks associated with living benefits in our variable annuity products and expect these investments to pay off in terms of product engineering and efficient risk transfer. Overall, Delaware Investments has skillfully managed our general account assets and our portfolio is strong, albeit a worsening economy and capital markets may cause some difficulties. A strong capital base is a critical success factor in our businesses. It supports growth in our business, allows us to withstand market volatility and engenders the confidence of our policyholders. After repurchasing over 15 million shares of our stock, we still ended 2007 with a very strong capital position and we expect to generate sufficient free cash flow in 2008 to finance our strong growth trends, continue our track record of returning capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchase and advancing strategic initiatives across the company. Merger Integration Along with the strong results in sales and distribution, we made significant progress in 2007 towards our goal of $200 million in merger cost savings. We are making significant progress in consolidating multiple technology systems which, when completed, will improve productivity and enable easier access to customer information. We are also continuing to focus on further cost efficiencies. Our People Leading companies in any industry attract and retain the most talented employees, and it becomes a virtual circle of value creation: talent drives performance and strong performance attracts talent. We built Lincoln on a foundation of superb, diverse and energetic employees and our team did a great job in 2007. They maintained their sharp focus on execution and customer service. In 2007, we strengthened this foundation. We articulated a set of Leadership Expectations for our people and began to evaluate our employees against these expectations. Through our rigorous commitment to attracting the top talent in the industry, Lincoln aims to achieve higher standards of performance for our customers, shareholders and communities. In 2007 our talent management practices were recognized by the American Productivity & Quality Center (APQC) as one of only six best-practice partners in an in-depth study on recruiting, selecting and retaining talent in a competitive market. Lincoln was also honored by Working Mother magazine with a listing in their "2007 Hall of Fame," which recognizes firms that have been named among the "100 Best Companies for Working Mothers" for 15 years or more.

No discussion of our people would be complete without an expression of our gratitude to Jon Boscia, who retired from Lincoln in 2007 after nearly 25 years of strong, dedicated service, including his nearly ten years as Chairman and CEO. We thank Jon for his leadership during a period of significant transformation and growth. Our Communities We firmly believe that our commitment to being a responsible corporate citizen benefits all stakeholders and helps to deliver solid results for our shareholders. In 2007, Lincoln Financial Foundation contributed more than $12 million to support not-for-profit organizations in the communities where our employees live and work with a focus on life-long learning regardless of ability, promoting workforce development, providing for basic needs and increasing assets to the arts for individuals across all economic strata. The Foundation accomplished this through a grant program, the Matching Gift Program and the national disaster fund. In 2007, Lincoln Financial Foundation also contributed in excess of $1 million to United Way agencies across the country where our employees work. Our employees also donated nearly $1 million to the United Way in workplace campaigns. The Year Ahead Reflecting the extraordinary opportunity we have in the retirement income space and the solid market positions of our individual and group protection businesses, the following themes will influence our operating actions and decisions throughout 2008: x x x x x x We will continue to make significant investments to expand distribution in each of our core Individual, Investment Management and Employer Markets businesses. We will continue to drive product development in our manufacturing units, both near-term and through our Retirement Income Security Ventures (RISV) unit, which is focused on future product development initiatives related to the evolving retirement income security marketplace. We will explore strategies to increase scale in our Employer Markets Defined Contribution business and Retail Investment Management business. We will further embed financial and execution discipline throughout our operations, driven by technology and other investments that will improve operating effectiveness and lower unit costs. We will maintain our commitment to risk management and overall financial strength as we navigate capital market conditions throughout 2008; we are committed to our AA ratings and believe it essential to our clients and financial performance. We will substantially complete the platform and systems consolidations necessary to achieve the remaining integration cost saves and prepare the company for more effective customer interaction in the future.

In closing, we thank our customers for their business, our investors for their confidence, our shareholders for their trust and our employees for their hard work and commitment to our company's success. Sincerely,

Dennis R. Glass President and Chief Executive Officer February 29, 2008

Forward-Looking Statements - Cautionary Language - Statements in this letter that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statements - Cautionary Language" beginning on page 36 and "Risk Factors" beginning on page 24.

