2012 Annual Letter to Shareholders Dear Shareholders, We are very pleased with Lincoln National Corporation's ("Lincoln," "we," "our," or "us") accomplishments and performance in 2012. It was a pivotal year for the organization. Amid ongoing macroeconomic challenges, we not only took the steps needed to respond to near-term conditions, but we also moved our strategy forward for the long-term, sustainable growth of the Company. As a result of our actions, Lincoln is stronger and better-positioned today. Our stock closed the year at approximately $26 per share, an increase of 33 percent from a year ago. Lincoln's stock performance was among the best in its peer group, with the competition ending the year at an average increase of 20 percent. We also outpaced the Standard & Poor's ("S&P") 500® ("S&P 500") and S&P 500 Financials Sector® indices1. Results from our strong performance in 2012 were not limited to gains in our share price. Other key highlights include: · · · · · · Operating earnings per share growth of 13 percent* Operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, at 12 percent* Book value per share, excluding AOCI, up 15 percent* Total account values up 11 percent Common stock dividend growth of 60 percent from 2011 Continued capital strength and holding company liquidity

Our overall success in 2012 produced solid returns for you, our shareholders. It also strengthened the foundation of our ability to achieve strong results in 2013 and beyond. Some of the areas where we will dedicate our attention moving forward include: Focus on growth. Lincoln has built great momentum across all four lines of business and in distribution. We have significant credibility in the marketplace, and our commitment to ongoing organic growth across the company ­ in Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services ("RPS") and Group Protection ­ remains intact. We are investing even further in RPS and Group Protection in an effort to increase our market presence and competitiveness. In RPS, we are seeing investments in this business already starting to pay off, with strong growth in new plans and better than expected retention rates combining to drive consistent, positive net flows. In Group Protection, we are focused on growth in our core 50- to 1,000-employee market, opportunistic expansion into adjacent markets and a deepened presence in the voluntary/worksite space. Our expectation is that all of the steps we are taking in both businesses will yield significant long-term results that help produce strong shareholder returns down the road. Introduce new products and enhanced solutions. Lincoln will also emphasize other strategic strengths, including offering solutions that meet our clients' needs for protection and greater financial security. It is better to compete on the basis of that value proposition ­ rather than simply offering the cheapest product. We will build on the simple, yet effective, steps we took in 2012 to respond to macroeconomic challenges by once again re-shaping and re-pricing our offerings when needed, as well as by rolling out new products and solutions that cement Lincoln's position as an industry leader. One shining example from last year is Lincoln Protected Strategies, the series of risk-managed funds first rolled out in 2011. These offerings are good solutions for customers and Lincoln alike, as they effectively embed volatility management inside client accounts and lower our hedging costs. We are in the process of expanding our Lincoln Protected Strategies series, a move designed to further improve margins this year. By enhancing our existing offerings, launching new products and continuing to pivot to solutions that carry higher returns, we are confident that we will not only respond to whatever market conditions we are in, but also will continue to deliver products bestsuited to the needs of our clients. Invest with discipline. Our ability to lead a sound investment strategy remains integral to delivering strong returns to you and to our clients. We start with a solid portfolio that maintains an overall A- rating and will expand our strategy further by continuing to invest in leadership in this area. In 2012, Lincoln invested approximately $600 million in yield-enhancing strategies, including private placements, middle-market loans and other alternatives. We are cautiously optimistic that macroeconomic conditions are improving, and the smart, proactive investment actions we are taking will help us meet all of our goals.
1

The Daily Alert, a MZILIOS service. Lincoln defines its peer group as Genworth Financial, Inc., Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., Manulife Financial Corp., MetLife, Inc., Principal Financial Group, Inc., Protective Life Corp., Prudential Financial, Inc., Sun Life Financial, Inc., Torchmark Corp., and Unum Group.

Build out our investments in distribution and technology. Central to Lincoln's advantage in the marketplace is the depth and breadth of our strategic partnerships with advisors, agents, brokers and consultants. Approximately 65,000 producers chose to sell at least one of our solutions last year, and distribution remains an important piece of how we run our businesses, how we create value for Lincoln, and how we deliver a distinct client experience. We will keep tapping into this powerful franchise, one that truly sets Lincoln apart from competitors. In 2012, we also made strategic investments in technology that were designed to help our business partners grow sales and make it easier to do business with Lincoln. One example of supporting sales growth was the reconfiguration of a fixed/indexed annuity administrative system. Another example was enhancing RPS competitive offerings by completing an initial upgrade of the recordkeeping system and Web capabilities. Both initiatives serve as solid examples of our commitment to transform the way we deliver the customer experience. This trend will continue in 2013 and beyond, as we maintain our focus on enhancing the digital and mobile experiences for clients in our core businesses and for producers in our distribution channels. Empower people to take charge. Today, 75 million American families rely on life insurance and retirement annuities.2 Lincoln is more committed than ever to helping its share of those families grow and protect their finances. If we are going to be successful, we must keep connecting with consumers on an emotional level. Through our advertising and branding, we will keep carrying the important and empowering message that You're in Charge®. Each one of us is our own Chief Life Officer®. It is a campaign that continues to gain traction in the marketplace, and it is an overarching message that captures perfectly how we help Americans achieve their diverse financial goals. Invest in our employees and in our communities. People are fundamental to everything we do. Our employees are our most important asset. They help drive our success, and we remain focused on hiring the best and the brightest the industry has to offer. Once they join the Lincoln family, we will maintain our focus on them by offering the tools and resources they need to both grow in their roles and cultivate long careers at the company. Doing all of this is critical because it feeds the power of optimism that exists at Lincoln. It is not optimism in the context of an abstract belief that no matter what, everything will work out. Instead, it is optimism as a core belief that we have the smartest people in the industry working hard to help us accomplish our goals. Investing in our employees also means understanding and respecting differences in the workplace. We will maintain our focus on developing programs and opportunities where the diversity of race, religion, gender, sexual orientation and thought are embraced and celebrated. Equally important to us are the communities where we live and work. Lincoln will continue to grant approximately $10 million each year to organizations and initiatives in our key city locations, while also supporting national programs focused on education, including Teach for America. Being a good corporate citizen is not only the right thing to do; it is integral to our overall success. In closing, on behalf of the more than 8,000 Lincoln employees across the country, we would like to thank you for your continued trust and investment in our organization. We could not be more proud of where we are today, and we could not be more excited about bringing Lincoln into tomorrow.

Dennis R. Glass President and CEO March 26, 2013

William H. Cunningham Chairman of the Board

* A reconciliation of income from operations, operating return on equity (excluding accumulated other comprehensive income "AOCI") and book value per share (excluding AOCI) to their most comparable GAAP measures appears on the next page. Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language Statements in this letter that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language" beginning on page 36 and "Risk Factors" beginning on page 17.

2

www.securefamily.org

