To Our Shareholders: The Year in Review 2008 was a year of intensifying challenges for our industry. Along with many of our peers, Lincoln National Corporation ("Lincoln") faced elevated investment losses, earnings pressure brought on by a sharp decline in the equity markets, and disappointing actions by the independent ratings agencies. In all, it was an unsatisfactory year in terms of Lincoln's share price performance and earnings results, and in addition, we made the necessary move to preserve capital by reducing the dividend. As we took actions to deal with the extraordinary capital and investment markets, we also focused on our operations to uphold our industry franchise position. Highlights of this included: x x x x x Realigning our businesses into Insurance Solutions and Retirement Solutions, a move that clarified our ongoing strategic focus and effectiveness; Strengthening our senior management with the hiring of two experienced executives to lead Lincoln Financial Distributors and Human Resources; Taking difficult but prudent steps to lower our costs through reductions in our operating expenses and in our workforce; Adding new products and modifying our annuity income products to mitigate risk and increase profitability; and Substantially increasing our communications with our business partners to help maintain these important relationships.

It is likely that the external conditions will continue to be difficult throughout 2009. However, we are confident in our competitive position and our ability to adapt and manage through these volatile markets. Here is a snapshot of our full year 2008 financial results: x x x x x x x x Net income of $57 million, or $0.22 per diluted share; $28.8 billion of consolidated retail deposits; $2.5 billion of consolidated net retail flows; $178.0 billion consolidated assets under management; Life Insurance in force of $545.2 billion; Group Protection sales of $316 million, premiums up 10%; Individual variable annuities deposits of $10 billion, positive net flows; and Defined Contribution deposits of $5.5 billion, net flows up 132%.

Keeping our Business Moving Forward Despite the weakening economy, Lincoln experienced pockets of relative strength, specifically in the areas of Group Protection and Lincoln Financial Network ("LFN"), our retail distribution organization. In addition, Lincoln maintained its market leadership position within many of our distribution partner firms. We achieved positive net flows in Retirement Solutions and Insurance Solutions for the fourth quarter and full year, reflecting retail and wholesale distribution strength and a comprehensive product line-up. In an increasingly uncertain world, our business model, the products we manufacture and the advice we deliver are even more relevant in helping our customers secure their financial futures. Leveraging our powerful wholesale and retail distribution organizations, we are undertaking even greater efforts to help clients make sense of the challenges of this economic environment and how our products can assist them now and in the future. We are also continuing to develop new solutions and services, such as our Lincoln AssetEdgeSM variable life insurance product and our industry-leading underwriting capabilities that differentiate Lincoln as an essential partner in this industry. Powerful Advice-Focused Distribution Our powerful wholesale and retail distribution expertise provided a strong defense against the external economic climate in 2008. Lincoln Financial Distributors Lincoln Financial Distributors ("LFD"), our wholesaling organization, continued to focus on positioning our firm for growth by leveraging our strong wholesaler presence and delivering comprehensive Lincoln solutions to our strategic partner intermediary firms and financial advisor clients. LFD successfully retained top talent and continued to empower its effective sales force of wholesalers and sales managers. Despite pressure from an increasingly challenging economic environment, LFD maintained leading market share positions in variable annuity and life sales in many of our top strategic partner firms. LFD grew sales of MoneyGuard®, a universal life

insurance/long-term care product, by 24% and maintained a strong market presence in the Defined Contribution space, doubling our 403(b) activity in 2008. As part of our strategy to gain deeper penetration in the Independent Planner channel, LFD launched the Business Development Desk, which successfully drove incremental sales to the organization. Lincoln Financial Network LFN, our retail distribution group, enjoyed record profitability in 2008, driven by strong recruiting and life insurance sales. LFN's recruiting results were impressive, attracting experienced life insurance and financial planning advisors with over $50 million of annual production. As of December 31, 2008, there were approximately 7,400 active advisors within the LFN system. Most importantly, LFN's growth and recruiting strategy remained sharply focused on not just growing the overall advisor headcount, but on leveraging LFN's compelling life insurance and financial planning platforms that enable us to attract and retain high-quality, productive advisors. In 2008, the Lincoln Financial Advisors division led all Lincoln channels in life production, growing its sales by more than 9%. This is a solid measure of the quality of LFN planners and producers, even during the challenging financial backdrop of last year. Transforming into Retirement and Insurance Solutions In July 2008, Lincoln Financial realigned Employer Markets and Individual Markets into two new operating businesses ­ Retirement Solutions and Insurance Solutions ­ a move that brought us closer to focusing on, understanding and effectively meeting the needs of our customers. This realignment optimized our resources and reinforced our commitment to our clients' needs of retirement accumulation and income as well as wealth protection and transfer. Retirement Solutions With a strategic focus on accumulation and income, our Retirement Solutions business continued to gain market share. In the Defined Contribution segment, overall deposits were flat with the prior year, while net flows more than doubled to almost $800 million. In the Annuities segment, gross deposits were down 13%; however, this was partially offset by a 10% reduction in outflows. Due to the volatile financial markets and deteriorating economy, Retirement Solutions has taken steps to reduce the risk profile of our variable annuity products. As we look forward to 2009, we remain confident in the division's ability to make necessary changes and remain competitive. Insurance Solutions Production remained strong in the Insurance Solutions business, which focuses on individual life insurance and group protection, as many clients re-assessed their wealth protection needs in light of market turmoil. We further refined our individual life insurance product line-up to be the most innovative and responsive on the market. For example, we introduced our new Lincoln AssetEdgeSM variable universal life product and our LINCOLN CORPORATE COMMITMENT® series of corporate-owned and bank-owned life insurance products. As part of our strategy to competitively differentiate Lincoln through industry-leading underwriting capabilities, we fully implemented a comprehensive, cross-functional service approach to Underwriting and New Business, as well as technology enhancements to support our service goals and distribution partners. Underwriting is now clearly a differentiator for Lincoln with our advisor clients. In our Group Protection segment, a new, national PPO dental network, branded with the Lincoln Financial name, provided broader nationwide coverage and streamlined administration and customer service for our policyholders. A new Group Protection sales model helped contribute to solid results and a record-setting sales month in December. Investment Management Despite the impact of a very difficult investing environment, Delaware Investments continues to be well-positioned within the asset management industry. Its investment performance has been solid and its fixed income business has helped to mitigate the financial impact of the volatile equity markets. Delaware's institutional advisory new client fundings, while down overall from 2007 levels, picked up in 2008 as our fixed income team continued to deliver good performance relative to their key competitors. In addition, all of Delaware's fixed income retail mutual funds (with a five-year track record) ended the year in the top half of their Lipper peer groups for five-year performance. Retail fund performance improved across all timeframes in 2008 with nine of the top 10 largest retail funds beating their Lipper average for one-year performance for the year ended December 31, 2008. At year-end, more than half of Delaware's retail mutual funds carried either a 4- or 5-star rating from Morningstar.*

Focused on Capital and Risk Management With market conditions depressing our overall performance, during the second half of the year our priorities increasingly focused on capital preservation and risk mitigation. To preserve and strengthen the company's capital position, Lincoln took a number of actions, such as engaging in expense reduction initiatives, suspending share buy-back programs and reducing its dividend. Although the decision to reduce the dividend was a very difficult one, on balance, our Board of Directors believes that preserving capital in this environment is in the long-term best interests of shareholders. While it would be inaccurate to say that we anticipated the depth and severity of the market disruption, we put our investment portfolio in a defensive position heading into 2008 by reducing our real estate and high-yield bond exposures. Prolonged weakness in the economy will hurt even well-positioned and diversified bond portfolios, and therefore, we anticipate elevated levels of impairments relative to historical default rates throughout 2009. We are continuing to hold more cash and focusing new purchases on higher quality assets, as well as leveraging the fixed income expertise of Delaware Investments, Lincoln's investment management subsidiary which also manages our general account assets. Responding to the extreme pressures in the economy, the major independent rating agencies have taken ratings actions designed to reflect the impact of the severe equity market declines on life insurer's earnings and capital. Currently, the ratings on our primary insurance subsidiary for financial strength remain at strong "AA-" levels with several of the major rating agencies. However, given the negative outlook on the industry and, in some cases, on Lincoln specifically, and overall market volatility, it is difficult to predict the future actions of ratings agencies. This makes it even more vital that we continue to protect our capital base and reduce risk. Benefiting Others through Corporate Citizenship During times like these, it is especially important to recognize that our commitment to corporate citizenship benefits all stakeholders: shareholders, communities and employees. In 2008, Lincoln Financial Foundation contributed more than $11 million to support nonprofit organizations in the communities where our employees live and work, with a focus on supporting education and workforce development, providing for basic needs and increasing access to the arts. Lincoln Foundation also contributed nearly $1 million to United Way agencies, and our employees donated nearly $1 million to the United Way in workplace campaigns. Lincoln remains committed to supporting volunteerism in three ways: participation on nonprofit boards; activities such as drives for local charities, including food banks and blood drives; and through LIVE, Lincoln Invests in Volunteer Experiences, which awarded nearly $40,000 to nonprofits in 2008 in recognition of employees donating 50 hours of personal volunteer time. Our People are Leading the Charge As part of our commitment to providing excellent products and service to our customers, Lincoln continued its commitment to developing and retaining top talent in the insurance and financial services industry. In 2008, we strengthened our culture by implementing a new performance management system designed to effectively help managers and employees assess their career paths and goals and enhanced our leadership development through new programs that reinforce our Leadership Expectations. Employees also had access to new resources to help them achieve their personal and professional goals. In addition, we confirmed employees' engagement in our strategic direction and our company through an enterprise-wide survey, where we outperformed industry benchmarks for employee advocacy and passion for our brand. Overall, our people strategy is to provide a rewarding environment where employees can grow both personally and professionally, while offering tools that empower them to embrace their financial futures. Making Progress in the Year Ahead Recognizing the serious challenges facing us and our industry, and with a healthy respect for the unknown, we are nonetheless confident that our business model, product solutions and advice will position us to make progress during this difficult period and enable us to seize the opportunities that will emerge from this environment. With this in mind, our company is embracing the following goals: x x x x Adhere to our Retirement Solutions, Insurance Solutions, and Investment Management strategies for growth; Continue to take market share by deepening our relationships with intermediaries and making sure clients understand and take advantage of the innovative products and solutions we offer; Work to exceed customers' expectations by delivering a distinct experience that differentiates Lincoln as an essential partner in this industry; Continue our disciplined approach to product design, pricing and risk transfer;

x x x

Manage costs prudently, find ways to improve efficiencies and eliminate redundant and costly processes; Continue our long-standing practices of investing in risk management; and Take action as necessary to preserve our long-term financial flexibility and to communicate to all key constituencies in the face of unprecedented market conditions.

In closing, let me emphasize that we will take action to improve shareholder performance in 2009. We are confident in our people, our businesses and our strategies, and, as this economic situation evolves, we will continue to do our absolute best to deliver value for our customers and our shareholders. We thank you again for your confidence, trust and continued commitment. Sincerely,

Dennis R. Glass President and CEO March 18, 2009

*Lipper rankings reflect each fund's historical total return performance relative to its peers. Although a fund may outperform peers within the peer group, its returns for that time period may still be negative. The Overall Morningstar RatingTM is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5- and 10-year (as applicable) Morningstar RatingTM metrics. The top 10% of funds in each Morningstar category receive 5 stars and the next 22.5% receive 4 stars. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language ­ Statements in this letter that are not historical facts are forwardlooking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. See "ForwardLooking Statements ­ Cautionary Language" beginning on page 47 and "Risk Factors" beginning on page 28.

