

16%
14%
12%
10%
8%
6%
4%
2%
0%
 
Lorillard Retail Market Share
  NEWPORT

TOTAL LORILLARD
 







 
 
2012 - Sustaining Momentum and Positioning for
Future Success in Cigarettes



 






During 2012, in a highly competitive market, Lorillard took actions to protect our core Newport menthol cigarette business through adjustments to our promo­tional plans designed to better position us against new competitive product introductions and increased promotions on existing competitive products. We also expanded our promotional support into new geogra­phies offering more competitive Newport pricing, increased our direct mail campaigns targeting competitive conversion of adult smokers to Newport, expanded our merchandising programs at retail, and refined our long-standing Newport Pleasure® advertis­ing campaign.

I am very pleased to say that based on these actions and the continued execution of our world-class sales force, Newport continues to be the definitive brand­ of-choice for U.S. adult menthol cigarette smokers. In 2012, Newport achieved its highest level of retail market share ever and Newport strengthened its position as the number one menthol brand and the number two overall cigarette brand in the U.S.

In addition, Newport Non-Menthol ®, launched just over two years ago, made an important contribution to Lorillard's business in 2012 and we expect the non­ menthol category will grow over time into a larger portion of Lorillard's overall sales. The non-menthol segment makes up approximately two-thirds of the overall cigarette market, and expansion of the New­ port brand into the non-menthol segment represents
a meaningful incremental opportunity. The continued success of our Newport Non-Menthol product offering has broadened the consumer appeal of the brand as well as validated the Company's ongoing strategy to expand Newport into new segments of the cigarette market where we do not currently compete.

Unfortunately, regulatory delays slowed the launch for some of our strategic new product opportunities in 2012. However, once again our people responded in a
 
responsible manner and found a way to bring news to Newport through a repositioned brand that is an attractive alternative to adult smokers of competitive menthol products. We are excited about this latest Newport style, Newport Smooth Select, to be launched in the first half of 2013, and we look forward to bringing additional products to market as we continue to navigate the evolving new product regulatory framework.

Lorillard also enhanced its regulatory, compliance, new products, and marketing research capability through the addition of several key personnel in 2012. These steps contributed to improved regulatory readiness over the year and new product progress such as Newport Smooth Select.

Lorillard continues its ongoing engagement with the FDA to ensure they follow their mandate to respect sound science in their consideration of menthol in cigarettes and as they review substantially equivalent product applications from Lorillard and the rest of the industry. Lorillard will continue its engagement with regulators, legislators and other key constituencies to defend our right to responsibly and fairly market our products and to ensure a level competitive playing field.
Share of the Cigarette Market

■	MENTHOL (31%)
■	NON-MENTHOL (69%)




The focus of our entire Lorillard cigarette team is on the continued success of our full-flavor menthol business and the incremental opportunities presented by thoughtful, responsible and strategic new product introductions. I thank them in advance for their dedication and commitment to our future success in these endeavors.
 

2
 
Electronic Cigarettes -
Attractive Growth Potential






 
In April 2012, Lorillard completed the acquisition of blu eCigs - the leading electronic cigarette brand in the U.S. - and gained a talented and passionate group of employees dedicated to building the electronic cigarette category. Electronic cigarettes have the look and feel of traditional cigarettes and simulate the act of smoking; however, they contain no tobacco and produce no tobacco smoke, ash or smell.

Electronic cigarettes have become an increasingly popular alternative to traditional cigarettes and sales of the products have grown rapidly since their U.S. introduction in 2006. According to a recent study conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, electronic cigarettes are experiencing significant growth in consumer awareness, trial, and usage. The study found that awareness of electronic cigarettes increased from 40 percent in 2010 to 60 percent in 2011, and adult usage of electronic cigarettes doubled from three percent to six percent over the same period.

Within this rapidly growing segment of the  market, our consumer research indicates that blu eCigs has the leading brand equity, highest brand awareness, and the highest customer loyalty and product attribute scores versus other top brands in the category. blu eCigs has been a leader in providing innovative technology for an improved consumer experience that enhances the social aspect of electronic cigarettes and sets blu eCigs apart from competitive products.

Our goal in acquiring blu eCigs was to provide an opportunity for long-term growth within the rapidly growing electronic cigarette segment of the market and we believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. The blu eCigs team has done an extraordinary job of developing the most innovative electronic cigarette product on the market and building the category's strongest brand. We believe that blu eCigs will also benefit from Lorillard Tobacco's regulatory experience and robust sales infrastructure
 





which are needed for it, and the entire electronic cigarette category, to reach its full potential in a responsible manner.

Performance of blu eCigs thus far has been extremely impressive, with retail distribution growing from 12,000 retail outlets to more than 80,000 today, annualized sales increasing from $50 million to more than $150 million, and blu eCigs achieving the leading market share position in the category by the end of 2012. In addition, we look forward to  working with the FDA to assess the role electronic cigarettes can play within a comprehensive tobacco harm reduction strategy and believe that blu eCigs can and should play a major role in this regard.

For these reasons, we expect that the coming year will mark a true inflection point for the electronic cigarette category in general and for blu eCigs in particular.
Innovation and the creation of new product design elements have been commonplace for blu eCigs and we expect 2013 to be no exception. We have aggres­ sive product development, sales distribution, market­ ing, and advertising plans in place for the year and are eager to continue building blu eCigs as the premier electronic cigarette provider in the U.S.

I join with all our employees in welcoming the blu eCigs team to Lorillard and congratulating them on their many accomplishments thus far. I also want to thank them for their ongoing commitment to blu eCigs and Lorillard and look forward to our close working relationship in the future.
 




3
 
 

 

Financial Summary & Outlook
Lorillard achieved several notable financial accom­plishments during 2012. Early in the year, we announced a 19 percent increase in our quarterly dividend payment, and later we completed a $500 million debt financing at a very attractive interest rate. Near the end of the year, we announced a three-for­ one stock split that brought our stock price more
in-line with our consumer product peer companies and resulted in a more attractive investment entry­ point for retail investors.
Annualized Dividend Per Share
 

confident in our ability to deliver double-digit annual shareholder returns, as measured by the dividend yield and EPS growth, over the long-term.
Total Shares Outstanding
(Adjusted for Stock Split)

600
QJ	500
.c
V"l
0
C:
400
 
$3.00
 

300
 

Q22008	Q1 2013
 

 
 
$2.00





$1.00
 







Q3 2008	Q3 2009	Q3 2010    Q1 2011	Q1 2012

 
 







Q1 2013
 

Looking forward, Lorillard's great team has developed a comprehensive business plan for 2013, which we believe provides potential opportunities for upside outperformance from new products and increased contributions from blu eCigs. We have taken appropri­ate steps to mitigate cost increases during the year and believe we are well-positioned to deal with any regulatory hurdles we may face in 2013 or beyond.
 
Lorillard paid a total of $807 million  in cash  dividends in 2012 and repurchased a total of $578 million of Lorillard common stock during the year. Since becom­ing an independent publicly traded  company  in  June of 2008, Lorillard has increased its quarterly dividend payment by 79 percent, from $0.31 to $0.55 per share, and reduced its total shares of common stock outstanding by more than 25 percent (both on a stock split adjusted basis).

Taken together, these financial accomplishments are tangible results of our ongoing commitment to provide strong cash returns to shareholders while maintaining a solid financial foundation for our Company. Lorillard maintains its ongoing dividend payout target of 70-75 percent of earnings and we are
 

In summary, thanks to our great team, 2012 was an outstanding year despite some challenging head­ winds, and we enter 2013 from a renewed position of strength.  We continue to be optimistic about LoriIlard's future and our ability to face potential future regulatory and competitive challenges. We are confident we will succeed in the marketplace and provide yet another reason for our employees to be extremely proud when they state, "We are Lorillard!"

 
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 

4
