Dear Fellow Shareholders,
This past year saw significant challenges in the domestic tobacco industry. I am pleased to report that notwith- standing those challenges, 2009 was another in a long line of successful years for Lorillard. Our volume trends were clearly better than the industry, we extended our leadership in the premium menthol segment of the market, and we remained focused on initiatives that generate value for our shareholders.
In brief, we closed the year with net sales excluding excise taxes of $3.69 billion, an increase of 5.6 percent over 2008; operating income of $1.541 billion, an increase of 8.9 percent; and earnings per diluted share of $5.76,
an 11.8 percent increase over the previous year. By all measures, a successful year.
Lorillard again outperformed the domestic industry as our domestic wholesale shipments declined by just 3.9 percent during the year, less than half of the overall esti- mated industry decrease of 8.6 percent. This was a strong performance in the face of an unprecedented confluence of market challenges that included a $0.62 per pack,
or 159 percent, increase in the federal excise tax on ciga- rettes and state excise tax increases, all of which occurred during the worst recession in recent memory which dramatically affected consumer spending power.
Like all premium brands, unit volumes of our flagship brand Newport® were affected by the excise tax increases and the severe economic conditions in 2009. However, Newport’s® domestic market share ended the year at 9.83 percent, up 0.17 points compared to 2008. Our perfor- mance is a testament to the strength of the Newport® brand and our ability to successfully maintain a balance between market share growth and profitability.
In this challenging environment for consumers we are encouraged that Maverick, our deep discount offering, is gaining strength with year-over-year volume increases of 50.8 percent and accounted for approximately 1.2 percent of the domestic cigarette market in the fourth quarter of 2009.
Lorillard continued to deliver on its promise to use its consistent profitability, strong free cash flows and under- leveraged capitalization to enhance returns for sharehold- ers. During the year we regularly declared and paid cash dividends, increasing the dividend to $1.00 per quarter in August. We enhanced our capital structure with an offering of $750 million of Senior Notes, which reduced the Company’s cost of capital and generated proceeds which we used to fund share repurchases. This offer-
ing was the first step toward our long-term balance sheet leverage target of approximately 1.5 times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA).
We continued to return excess capital to shareholders through share repurchases. We authorized and completed two share repurchase programs aggregating $1 billion. With the completion of those programs, we repurchased 19.3 million shares since becoming an independent com- pany in June 2008, equal to 11.1 percent of our original shares outstanding, for a total of $1.4 billion. We will continue to return value to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases as evidenced by our announcements in 2010 of our first quarter dividend and an additional $250 million share repurchase program.
  2

In brief, we closed the year with net sales excluding excise taxes of $3.69 billion, an increase of 5.6 percent over 2008; operating income of $1.541 billion, an increase of 8.9 percent; and earnings per diluted share of $5.76, an 11.8 percent increase over the previous year.
Newport® Brand Share OF UNITED STATES CIGARETTE MARKET
9.8%
8.8% 8.4%
Menthol Category Share OF UNITED STATES CIGARETTE MARKET
9.7% 9.2%
28.4%
27.9%
27.4%
26.7%
28.8%
          05 06 07 08 09
05 06 07 08 09
            3
   
We remain confident that we will continue to strengthen our market position despite the challenges our industry faces today and in the future. We have a strong business model, an experienced, committed management team and an unparalleled track record.
 In addition to the macroeconomic headwinds I men- tioned earlier, 2009 was a significant year for regulatory change in our industry. In June, Congress passed its landmark legislation granting the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) oversight of the tobacco industry. As part of that legislation, and of particular importance to Lorillard, the FDA is charged with establishing a Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee which, as its first order of business, will conduct a scientific review of the effects of menthol in cigarettes. We expect the Committee to issue a report and recommendations to the FDA regarding the impact of the use of menthol in cigarettes on the public health within a year.
As we have often said, we strongly believe that the weight of the scientific evidence does not support a conclu-
sion that menthol cigarettes confer greater health risk to smokers than non-menthol cigarettes. Furthermore, we have confidence that the Scientific Advisory Commit-
tee will respect its charter and form its conclusions and recommendations based on the scientific evidence before it. Of course, there is any number of possible outcomes of this specific matter, and some have even speculated that the FDA might actually ban menthol cigarettes.
The FDA must consider the impact of any regulation on the potential for contraband product. We firmly believe that the FDA will conclude that any ban on menthol would lead to a large black market for contraband men- tholated cigarettes and encourage the entry of totally unregulated products that would not meet even the basic standards for product integrity, quality and safety.
Looking to the future, within this industry landscape, we are well prepared to manage through the challenges we face. We continue to lead the premium menthol segment of the industry - arguably the segment in the tobacco market that has demonstrated the most attrac- tive trends - and increase our share in both the menthol segment and the total market, while generating industry- leading profitability.
We remain confident that we will continue to strengthen our market position despite the challenges our industry faces today and in the future. We have a strong business model, an experienced, committed management team and an unparalleled track record. We will continue to monitor our performance variables and the industry and brand trends, maintain a successful balance between market share growth and profitability, and continually explore new ways to expand our business.
In closing I would like to thank our employees and you, our shareholders. We remain excited about the future of this company, which continues to show excellent perfor- mance and, importantly, great promise as we look ahead.
Martin L. Orlowsky
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   4
