Robert A.Niblock
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Shareholders
We entered 2008 knowing a challenging environment would pressure our results, but the environment we experienced was much tougher than anyone would have reasonably predicted. As the year unfolded, it became increasingly clear that the economic pressures on consumers, including falling home prices, rising unemployment and tightening credit markets, were greater than we anticipated. Those pressures came to a head late in the year as unemployment swelled, confidence plummeted and consumer spending contracted at the fastest rate in over 25 years.  We ended the year with sales totaling $48 billion, flat with last year, but well below the 3 percent growth we forecasted at the beginning of the year. Comparable store sales were negative 7.2 percent. Probably not surprising, we continue to see the most pronounced sales weakness in larger-ticket, discretionary projects as consumers retrench and focus on necessities. In fact, based on consumer research, we estimate our mix of discretionary sales, defined as non-essential purchases by consumers, declined from 45 percent in 2006 to approximately one-third of our sales at the end of 2008, as consumers became increasingly more cautious.

Letter To

 Despite falling short of our sales expectations, diligent expense control measures enabled us to report earnings per share of $1.49, a 20 percent decrease from 2007, but only one penny below our guidance at the beginning of the year. This speaks to the dedication and hard work of our more than 228,000 employees as well as our focus on making necessary and appropriate adjustments in an environment of uncertain and ever-changing business and economic conditions.  In last year's letter, I indicated that success in 2008 would look very different than in past years. Facing a difficult environment, we knew success would be defined by our ability to capture profitable market share and appropriately manage expenses and capital spending while delivering the best customer service in the industry.  Those measures of success drove our efforts during 2008 as we took steps to reduce costs while remaining committed to providing the great service customers have come to expect from Lowe's. We know one sure way to lose market share is to reduce expenses too aggressively and negatively impact customer service.  In addition, entering 2008 in the face of uncertain economic conditions, we chose to reduce our store opening plans. As the year progressed, we actually moderated our plans further

and opened only 115 stores during the year. Significant future opportunity remains for new Lowe's stores, but in some markets we can, and should, wait for economic recovery to ensure solid returns for our investment.  As a scorecard for a year when absolute results didn't tell the whole story, according to third-party measures, we gained 110 basis points of total store market share, far more than any competitor, and I believe the fact that earnings were only slightly below our year-ago guidance reflects the efforts made to manage expenses. At the same time, our employees drove our Customer Focused scores to their highest-ever levels. While we obviously would have preferred a more robust economy and better results for the year, considering how difficult and unpredictable the environment was and the severe impact it had on virtually every business, I believe 2008 was a success for Lowe's.  As we think about 2009, we know the economic backdrop will be as bad, if not worse, than in 2008. Comparable store sales will likely be negative for a third consecutive year. As we plan for another difficult sales environment, we remain focused on opportunities to reduce expenses. As an example, we froze the salaries of all vice presidents and above for 2009. In addition, we reduced the level of our planned annual increases for the rest

financial highlights
IN MILLIONS, E X C E P T P E R S H A R E D ATA

   Net Sales Gross Margin Pre-Tax Earnings Earnings Per Share  Basic Earnings Per Share  Diluted Earnings Per Share Cash Dividends Per Share
1

Change vs. 2007 -0.1% -43bps1  -22.3% -20.5% -19.9% 15.5%

Fiscal 2008 $48,230  34.21% $ 3,506  $ 1.51 $ 1.49 $ 0.335

Fiscal 2007 $48,283 34.64% $ 4,511 $ 1.90 $ 1.86 $ 0.290

Basis Points

of the organization in light of the current economic environment. These were tough decisions, but necessary, considering the weak consensus outlook for the year.  We are also working to become more efficient and have several initiatives under way that should pay dividends in 2009. One example is our Flexible Fulfillment initiative that will allow for more efficient delivery of products to customers ­ increasing customer satisfaction and reducing costs.  On the capital side, we have further slowed our expansion in light of the environment. In 2009, we will open 60 to 70 stores, including five in Canada and two in Monterrey, Mexico. These 60 to 70 stores have been diligently reviewed and, as opposed to the past few years, will be less focused on larger metro markets and more focused on smaller- to medium-sized markets. Many of these smaller markets have not seen the same level of housing-related economic pressure and are therefore expected to deliver respectable results in the near-term and provide solid long-term returns. In addition, storing these markets will have less cannibalization impact on existing stores.  In conclusion, I would like to express my sincere thanks to our more than 228,000 employees for their commitment to providing customers the best service in home improvement. I would also like to thank our customers and our shareholders for their continued support through this economic downturn. We know a recovery in demand is primarily dependent on factors that are beyond our control, and since the macroeconomic environment shows few positive signs as we enter 2009, we are planning conservatively.  But, one of the benefits of being a 63-year-old company is the advantage of experience. Lowe's has been through many difficult periods before, and as a company, we have always emerged

stronger. For some additional perspective while preparing this letter, I reviewed Lowe's shareholder letters from the early 1970s and the early 1980s, the two most recent periods of significant recession in the U.S. economy. In those letters, one consistent and probably not surprising message was relayed by Lowe's leaders ­ the key to success in difficult economic times is a focus on what you can control. That is our pledge. Regardless of the expansion or contraction of the industry, we will continue to work diligently to drive sales and capture profitable market share. With a responsibility to tightly manage expenses, we will constantly strive to improve our systems and processes to become more efficient, but we will always balance expense management with our commitment to customer service. These efforts will ensure we maximize near-term opportunities and position Lowe's for a prosperous future when conditions improve. Thank you again for your continued support. Sincerely,

Robert A. Niblock Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Letter To Shareholders

