Robert A. Niblock Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Your company delivered solid performance in 2013. We  substantially completed our initiatives to enhance Retail Relevance, including  Value Improvement, Product Differentiation and our Store Labor Investment. These i nitiatives, combined with improved execution and cross-functional collaboration enabled by our enhanced Sales & Operations Planning process, allowed us to more fully capitalize on market growth. As a result, we exceeded our plan  for the year and recorded our highest annual comparable sales increase since 2005.
We leveraged this sales growth to increase Net Earnings by 16.7%, Earnings Per Share by 26.6% and Return on Invested Capital by 217 basis points to 11.5%. While we continue to enhance our business, I think it's appropriate to pause and thank our customers for their continued loyalty, our employees for their resilience through significant change, and you, our shareholders, for your confidence and support through the recession and into our transformation. In 2014, we will capitalize on opportunities within an improving economy. We will use our enhanced Sales & Operations Planning process to address micro-seasons by market, and we will improve our product and service offering for the professional customer. We will also focus on driving more of our revenue growth to the bottom line through expense control and disciplined execution of our plans.

Lowe's Companies, Inc. 2013 Annual Report

1

" We are setting a course to deliver the best customer experiences in home improvement. I believe even better results await us, and our shareholders, on the horizon."
In addition, we continue building customer experience design capabilities that will differentiate Lowe's from other home improvement providers. In order to help customers visualize their home improvement projects, we will offer a cohesive group of products that provide relevant occasion-based solutions presented in an inspiring manner. With this offer ing, we will deliver authoritative project advice and affordable style across channels. And we are investing in the people, process and tools necessary to make these experiences seamless across selling channels, transforming our current multi-channel offering--in store, online, in home, and by phone--to an omni-channel experience with our brand. Customers should be able to start their projects within one channel and continue them in any other channel, maintaining visibility to previously generated ideas and selections, the status of orders placed, and pending deliveries and installations. To do this, we are developing new project management tools and expanded fulfillment capabilities. Project management tools will enhance our associates' ability to provide tailored service to customers across any of our selling channels. Expanded fulfillment capabilities will allow transactions to be fulfilled  through the most convenient and cost-effective means available, whether from another store, distribution center or directly from the supplier. 

2

We have a disciplined approach to capital allocation. We are investing in capabilities that create simpler, differentiated and omni-channel home improvement experiences; in maintaining and upgrading our infrastructure; and in international markets where our home improvement expertise can create value. We expect these investments to yield compelling long-run returns, and we will return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We likewise have a disciplined approach to lever aging our existing assets through improved capabilities within our existing stores and across other channels. We expect that our strategic investments,

combined with disciplined operational management, will help deliver strong operating profit growth and higher returns on invested capital. We are still in the early stages of the housing recovery, so we expect to continue to improve these measures as we offer even better customer experiences within an extended cycle of home improvement growth. We are setting a course to deliver the best customer experiences in home improvement. I believe even better results await us, and our shareholders, on the horizon.

Robert A. Niblock Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Lowe's Companies, Inc. 2013 Annual Report

3

