To Our Shareholders
Change at Lowe's is not new. In fact, change is absolutely essential for long-term survival in retail. What is new is our attitude toward change. We view change as an opportunity for differentiation ­ not just being different, but being different and better. Differentiation is fundamental to our success as we focus on providing our customers more of what they are asking for. As we enter the new millennium, our 2000 marketing campaign -- Improving Home Improvement -- encapsulates our commitment to differentiation. The 1990s served as a pivotal decade for Lowe's as well as the entire home improvement industry. Building from a solid foundation, we entered the decade with the vision of relocating the Company's base of small, contractor-oriented stores into a family of modern home improvement warehouses. We enter the new millennium as a truly transformed company, poised for continued long-term success as we evolve and solidify a leadership position in our industry and break away from the competition. The decade drew to a close with record sales and earnings in 1999 for Lowe's. Significant "firsts" throughout the year helped us exceed $15.9 billion in sales, an increase of 19 percent over 1998, with earnings of $672.8 million, up 34 percent from last year. In 1999, Lowe's became a true coast-tocoast operator, opening our first stores in California. We also began the transition of the 36 Eagle Hardware & Garden stores we acquired last April to Lowe's format stores. For the first time, Lowe's now has stores in half of the top 25 most populated cities in the United States. These top 25 markets, in aggregate, represent over 90 million people and, according to the Home Improvement Research Institute, account for 50 percent of the Do-ItYourself (DIY) industry potential. And Lowe's is just beginning to penetrate these markets. In

Bob Tillman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

1999, we entered, for example, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. In 2000, we'll begin expansion in Miami, Phoenix and Detroit with plans for Boston, New York and Chicago in the coming years. In addition to the top 25 markets, significant expansion opportunity exists in other metropolitan markets ­ defined as those markets with populations in excess of 500,000 people. Of Lowe's 91 new stores opened in 1999, 38 were built in these large, dynamic markets. Our potential for growth in these areas is exponential, since we have only just begun to introduce customers in these markets to Lowe's renowned service, quality products and competitive prices. Of our 576 stores open at the end of fiscal 1999, only 35 percent are located in markets with populations of 500,000 or greater. Our aggressive expansion plans call for continued penetration in larger markets. In 2000, 60 percent of our planned 95 store openings will occur in metro markets, with the number

1

growing to 75 percent of our scheduled 125 new store openings in 2001. Successful entry into major metropolitan markets is essential to our growth plans. To ensure that these new stores flourish along with existing Lowe's locations, Lowe's management in 1999 implemented a new strategy for long-term success: a system of "centrally developed, decentrally applied" programs. To properly support and drive these programs, senior management oversight was restructured from two divisions into three: Lowe's northern, southern and western divisions. The first of three divisional offices was opened on the west coast to provide merchandising, marketing and operational support on a more localized basis. Similarly, Lowe's regional management organization was expanded from eight to thirteen regions. These important changes were necessary to continue providing our customers with the excellent service to which they have become accustomed. Smaller regions and divisions allow Lowe's management to devote more time to the stores for which they are individually responsible. Our revised structure will allow managers to become even more familiar with local shopping and product preferences, enhancing our ability to respond to customers' needs. An expected by-product from this organizational structure is better execution at the store level in refining and improving our three primary sales initiatives. These programs address the demographic changes taking place in the United States today. There are 70 million Baby Boomers that are aging ­ shifting from DIYers to Buy-It-Yourself (BIYers) ­ and a very small population that will take their place ... called X-ers. And behind this group of X-ers is a population that's going to be bigger than the Boomers -- Echo-Boomers -- and they will number almost 80 million. Introduced in 1998,
2

Lowe's commercial business customer, installed sales and special order sales initiatives seek to maximize sales performance by capitalizing on the country's evolving demographics. Throughout 1999, significant achievements in all three programs substantiated the investments that we've made thus far. Our commercial business initiative is poised for rapid growth as the Baby Boomer population moves from DIY to BIY. By offering special services and conveniences to our Commercial Business Customer (CBC), Lowe's is positioning itself to become the CBC's first choice for building and remodeling materials. In 1999, CBC sales represented approximately 20 percent of Lowe's total sales. In 2000, we expect sales to the commercial business customer to increase 35 percent over 1999 as a result of better execution and continued expansion of our store base. Lowe's Installed Sales program also serves the BIY customer by offering installation services for products such as flooring, cabinets and appliances. Eager to have Lowe's-certified, professional installers tackle their projects, BIYers fueled Installed Sales to $330 million in 1999, an increase of more than 80 percent above the prior year. Expectations for 2000 are again aggressive, yet attainable ­ a 50 percent increase. Lowe's Special Order Sales (SOS) program satisfies the unique tastes of our expansive customer base and broadens the 40,000+ items stocked in our stores to the hundreds of thousands of products offered by our vendors. Regardless of how well a store is merchandised, our customers frequently ask for a different, alternative product selection. SOS grew 34 percent in 1999, exceeding $930 million. SOS plans in 2000 call for a 50 percent increase over 1999. Web-based technology will showcase special order products in our stores beginning this Spring. The same technology will be used later in

the year as products are introduced on the lowes.com web site. Understanding what the customer wants and needs is Lowe's top priority. That is why last year we created new avenues through which we can better serve our customers. We developed relationship programs such as Lowe's Garden Club, Lowe's Woodworker's Club and Lowe's Kids Clinics to show customers that we share their enthusiasm for home improvement. Moving forward, these burgeoning programs allow us to effectively interact with these special customers ­ giving them inspirations and solutions ­ building loyalty in the Lowe's brand. We also steadily updated our awardwinning web site (lowes.com), so customers can find the home improvement advice they need ­ no matter when they need it. Our site in 1999 welcomed nearly four million hits each week and generated ten times the online gift card sales of 1998. Other linked sites ­ such as kobalttools.com and harborbreezefans.com ­ tested the opportunity to sell Lowe's branded products online, allowing us to gather experience and know-how about this emerging retail channel. In the next several months, Lowe's Internet Business Group will launch the next generation of home improvement e-commerce: a redesigned Lowe's web site that will combine our existing Internet efforts with the convenience of online shopping. Whether we receive customer feedback in our stores or over the Internet, we respond proactively ... assuring customers that Lowe's is committed to providing solutions to their home improvement needs. We also recognize that properly training our associates ­ as well as respecting their talents and rewarding their efforts ­ results in a more productive, more effective workforce. Quality, hardworking Lowe's associates remain part of the Lowe's family for
3

years, often advancing to leadership positions, further strengthening our ability to serve our customers. Most are shareholders of the company via Lowe's Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), through which Lowe's associates own approximately eight percent of our stock. We are sincerely appreciative of our 80,000 associates because Lowe's could not have achieved such substantial growth without them. In the years to come, there will be even more opportunities ­ almost 200 positions in each new Lowe's store. Our challenge lies in recruiting, training and retaining new associates that are as dedicated as those who currently demonstrate Lowe's commitment to service. On our end, we will continue to seek associates' feedback and enhance our employee benefits to ensure that Lowe's is not only a great place to shop, but also a great place to work. As we enter the new millennium, the challenge to our associates is to again surpass our achievements, to break new ground, both literally and figuratively, and break away from the competition. Our research provides compelling evidence that our existing store format is preferred by the customer yet we are not willing to rest on our accomplishments. The retail industry in this new millennium will constantly evolve. As Lowe's embarks upon a new era in home improvement retailing, we look forward to improving home improvement.

Best wishes,

Robert L. Tillman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
April 21, 2000 Wilkesboro, NC

