And There's No Store Like

Lowe's

Robert A. Niblock
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Fiscal 2009 was challenging on many fronts. The year began with multiple external pressures weighing on our industry, including falling home prices, rising unemployment and tightening credit markets. As the year unfolded, however, some encouraging signs in the broader economy began to surface, suggesting the worst may be behind us. Consumer sentiment measures recovered slightly from historic lows, housing turnover began showing signs of bottoming and home prices slowed their rate of decline. We ended the year with sales totaling $47.2 billion, down 2.1 percent from 2008. While our comparable store sales remained negative throughout 2009, we experienced sequentially improving trends as the year progressed, and our results in markets that were most affected by over-heated housing began showing signs of stabilization. Additionally, big-ticket, project-related sales showed significant sequential improvement in the second half of the year. We view these as encouraging

signs that consumers are feeling less concerned about the future and are starting to tackle more discretionary home improvement projects. Even in these uncertain economic times, affinity for the home remains strong. The home improvement to-do list is still on the refrigerator and includes most of the same projects as in the past. What has changed in many cases is consumers' approach to, and perhaps the timing of, completing those projects. Consumers have slowed their rate of spending in recent years and are looking for ways to save. That mindset has homeowners doing more work themselves with a keen focus on maintenance and smaller repair projects, while more discretionary projects have been postponed. This resurgence of do-it-yourself (DIY) has many homeowners tackling projects for the first time, and we have increased staffing levels accordingly to ensure we are ready to serve customers and provide knowledgeable advice in heavy DIY categories like paint.

Throughout this economic cycle we reduced expenses to preserve profitability as sales slowed, while maintaining a keen focus on finding the right balance between closely managing expenses and investing in our business to ensure we continue to deliver the excellent service consumers expect from Lowe's. I think a good measure of our success in striking that balance is our market share gains over the past several years. According to independent measures, we gained 100 basis points of unit market share in 2009, a good indication we are increasingly the store of choice for home improvement. Looking forward, it appears the housing correction process is well underway, but there is clearly still progress to be made, and elevated unemployment remains a concern. Balancing the pros and cons of the external environment, I feel consumers are entering 2010 with cautious optimism. Our improving results late in 2009 support that theory and suggest some homeowners are beginning to

1

We are confident we're making the right investments that position us to continue to profitably grow sales and gain market share.

complete a few of the more discretionary projects on their to-do lists as they gain confidence that home prices are approaching a bottom and unemployment is likely near its peak. We know that providing great service is key to driving profitable sales and market share growth, and I feel our commitment to delivering great service has Lowe's uniquely positioned to capitalize on the markedly different competitive landscape we will experience as the economy bottoms and home improvement demand improves. Over the past three-and-a-half years, the competitive landscape has evolved as many local and regional competitors closed or consolidated operations. As demand returns, we will benefit from our commitment to service through the downturn, but we are also making additional investments to better position Lowe's to fill the void created by the changing competitive landscape. One example is our new Project Specialist ­ Exteriors (PSE) position. This in-home consultative sales position enables us to better compete in product categories, like roofing, siding, fencing and windows, that lend themselves to an in-home sales approach. We rolled out this position late in 2009, and initial results have been encouraging. Turning to the commercial side of our business, we added a District

Commercial Account Specialist (DCAS) position in 125 markets in 2009. This field-based specialist reaches out to commercial customers at their workplace or jobsite to build and enhance relationships by providing a convenient and competitive offering of products and services for these time-crunched customers. Again, we're in the early stages of this program, but we're seeing exciting results with both new commercial accounts and increased sales to existing Lowe's customers. We've also added or enhanced other tools to grow our relationship with commercial customers including an expanded credit offering with the launch of our new Lowe's Business Rewards card with American Express. Additionally, while in place for many years, we expanded our Quote Support Program. This program drives sales and improves service to commercial customers by quickly providing them competitive quotes for large purchases. In the end, our commitment to providing value-added solutions to home improvement consumers has not wavered. We are confident we're making the right investments that position us to continue to profitably grow sales and gain market share. In closing, in recent years homeowners and Lowe's faced many of the same challenges and have been forced to make

similar tradeoffs. Even in tough times, there is an understanding that you must invest to sustain what has been built over time. Homeowners know if they delay needed home maintenance, they could face bigger and more expensive repairs in the future. For Lowe's, our primary investment has been in service to ensure we maintain standards and protect the customer franchise we've worked to build over the past six decades. In my mind, it's those commitments that ensure both homeowners and Lowe's have a solid foundation on which to build as signs of an improving economy begin to appear. I'd like to thank our more than 238,000 customer-focused employees for their teamwork and dedication in providing the great customer service that differentiates Lowe's from the competition. As we have been for the past 64 years, Lowe's is ready for the opportunities that lie ahead. We'll continue to anticipate consumers' needs, operate great stores and offer quality products, services and solutions that help consumers successfully complete the home improvement projects on their to-do list.

Robert A. Niblock Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

2

