LETTERROBERT TO SHAREHOLDERS A. NIBLOCK
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Niblock

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

At Lowe's, we know that home improvement fulfills an emotional need for customers and their families. Our focus is much deeper than just selling products; customers can get products anywhere. We help people love where they live. In fact, we've been doing that since this company was founded in 1946.
We provide not only the products, but also the services, information and advice to help people improve their homes. And to meet customers' evolving expectations, we are transforming from a single-channel home improvement retailer to an omni-channel home improvement company. We are building on our past success and finding new ways to serve and connect with customers, including innovative approaches to store formats and product presentation, new services and tools, and entry into new markets. In 2014, we delivered another year of solid performance with 4.3 percent comps as our transformation gained momentum and the housing market and broader economy continued to recover. Sales growth, combined with our focus on improving productivity and profitability, led to an 18.0 percent increase in net earnings, a 26.6 percent increase in earnings per share and a 243 basis points increase in Return on Invested Capital to 13.9 percent. While we are pleased with the progress we made this year, we seek to improve further. In fact, we continue to invest in our core U.S. retail business and in adjacent home improvement businesses that position Lowe's favorably within a changing home improvement landscape. We have anchored our U.S. strategy in two key areas that will deliver value to customers, employees and shareholders.

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

1

" We remain committed to building better customer experiences by building a diverse workforce and providing great tools, processes and training to our OMNI-CHANNEL RETAILING more than 245 thousand associates."

" WE HAVE TO BE WITH CUSTOMERS EVERY STEP OF THE WAY--NO MATTER HOW MANY STEPS THEY TAKE."

First, we are enhancing our relevance to customers through omni-channel retailing. Customers want to move from channel to channel, and they want the transition between channels to be simple and seamless. They do not know that the website they visited was built in Mooresville, NC, that the person addressing their questions on the phone is sitting in our contact center in Albuquerque, NM, or that the item they just purchased will be shipped from one of our distribution centers to the Lowe's store near their home. To the customer, it is all Lowe's, and we have to be with them every step of the way--no matter how many steps they take. We have made great progress over the past few years to meet customers on their terms, whenever and wherever they choose to engage. We expect to begin rolling out additional omni-channel capabilities in 2015.

Second, we are differentiating ourselves through better customer experiences that make us the project authority. We have a dedicated team that uses consumer insights to create experiences that inspire customers and differentiate Lowe's in the marketplace. Investing in these experiences offers insulation from product-focused competitors, creates service opportunities, and delights customers, which in turn drives loyalty. A good example is our Outdoor Living Experience, which we rolled out to the majority of our stores in advance of the 2014 spring selling season. This new experience better positioned Lowe's as the destination for outdoor living with coordinated style. It performed very well in 2014, delivering double-digit comps for the category.

2

BETTER CUSTOMER EXPERIENCES

" WE ARE DIFFERENTIATING OURSELVES THROUGH BETTER CUSTOMER EXPERIENCES THAT MAKE US THE PROJECT AUTHORITY."

We can also apply our design resources to a specific product, such as the redesign of our Shop-Vac display, which is also performing well. We have additional broad-based and product-specific experiences planned for 2015. Internationally, we are tailoring our approach so we can successfully build scale in markets where we currently operate. We also continue to evaluate other markets where there may be significant potential to broaden our geographic scope. However, we know we must take a prudent approach when entering new markets, carefully studying the regulatory risks, cultures, and historical and forecasted home improvement market growth. In all cases, we take a longterm view to obtaining compelling returns. We are at a great point in our company's evolution. Our business is sound and our brand is strong. We are one of the largest players in the home improvement market, which provides tremendous buying power and economies of scale.

In addition, the housing market and broader economic recovery is strengthening just as our transformation is gaining momentum. As a result, we continue to generate solid cash flow and have exciting opportunities for long-term profitable growth. Our capital allocation priorities are straightforward and have not changed over the last several years. We invest to maintain and grow our businesses. Next, we target a dividend payout ratio of 35 percent, and our dividend has grown every year since going public in 1961. Then, we use remaining funds to repurchase shares. We have been hard at work for the past few years, and I am even more confident today that we are on the right path. I am proud of the Lowe's leadership team, which is committed to advancing our strategy, and our more than 265,000 employees who work every day to help people love where they live.

Robert A. Niblock Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC. 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

3

