Shareholder Letter
Great customer experiences start with our associates, whether they interact with customers face-to-face or work tirelessly behind the scenes to simplify the complex business of home improvement. And together, Lowe's associates are building better home improvement experiences. We've laid the foundation to transform our core business over the past two years, and we will continue our efforts in 2013 and beyond. We expect to generate compelling returns for shareholders as we further align our people, processes and financial resources to provide better home improvement experiences.
2012 PERFORMANCE We delivered solid performance in 2012. Comparable store sales grew 1.4% and total sales grew 0.6% to $50.5 billion. Net earnings increased by 6.5% to $2.0 billion and diluted earnings per share increased 18.2% to $1.69. Operating cash flows, along with the net issuance of $1.4 billion of long-term debt, were used to acquire $1.2 billion in fixed assets and return $5.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Robert A. Niblock Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

OUR PROGRESS Our transformation is centered on the customer. In the inspiration phase of a project, customers realize they want to change something about their home whether it's a room, their home's exterior or their yard. They are looking for assistance, recommendations and solutions. With the breadth of products and services we offer and the support of our distribution and technology platforms, we have a unique opportunity to make home improvement simpler and to seamlessly meet customer needs across selling channels. When done well, we expect to unlock consumer demand that has been contained by real or perceived barriers to starting projects. Even as we redefine our business to become more seamless and simple, we must also protect retail relevance, keeping what customers love about us and constantly improving our retail operations. We expect to improve our performance by offering more intuitive line designs

to simplify the customer's decision, by having the right items available in sufficient quantities, priced competitively and displayed in an inspiring manner, and by equipping our associates with the tools and skills necessary to instill confidence and close sales. Our transformation is a multi-year journey. In 2011, we focused on upgrading the information

RETAIL RELEVANCE

technology within our stores. Store-based investments included expanding the data pipeline into our stores to facilitate transmitting data-rich content, like inspirational project pictures, installing wi-fi to enhance customers' and associates' ability to access data, and providing iPhone technology to our associates to enhance their ability to serve customers. We also began installing the foundational elements to allow customers to shop with us anytime and anywhere. Customers can shop on their own terms, whether in a store or on a mobile device, and have the product shipped directly to their home or to a store for pick-up. Or, they could choose to have a Lowe's associate visit them at home or at a jobsite, equipped with the tools to generate a quote and close the sale all in one visit. We are currently focused on two areas to protect retail relevance: Value Improvement and Product Differentiation. In 2013, we expect to finish the line reviews and product resets that make Value Improvement a reality for customers and to incorporate the Product Differentiation resets into our base business. The processes and systems we've put in place will help us better maintain and improve our product lines, in-stock levels and store presentation. Beyond 2013, we expect to enhance our associates' ability to sell seamlessly across channels, introduce improved project management tools and expand fulfillment capabilities to cultivate personal and simple connections with customers.

"Even as we redefine our business to become more seamless and simple, we must also protect retail relevance, keeping what customers love about us and constantly improving our retail operations."

OUR ORGANIZATION Naturally, as we transform the business model to better serve customers, our organization has to adapt accordingly. Through the years we built a corporate infrastructure to support a singlechannel business. Today, our seamless, omni-channel strategy requires a different infrastructure. We are transforming the way we plan and execute by redesigning processes to improve efficiency, clarify decision rights and ensure that we have the right people in the right roles. We recognize that to deliver seamless and simple customer experiences we must operate seamlessly across channels. The first step in this effort was to align functional heads into two distinct disciplines: Customer Experience and Operations. The Customer Experience

organization will use customer insights to design experiences that serve customers seamlessly across selling channels. The Operations organization will deliver the customer experience in an efficient and effective manner. While the two organizations have distinct responsibilities, they will collaborate intensely. Yet the clear delineation of roles and decision-making authority ensures clearer accountability for designing and executing profitable customer experiences.

SEAMLESS
CAPITAL ALLOCATION STRATEGY AND FINANCIAL EXPECTATIONS Our strong financial position and cash flow afford us the opportunity to first, make strategic investments in our core business and in other opportunities to serve developing home improvement markets; second, to pay dividends; and third, to repurchase shares. Based on these priorities and expected improvement in operating performance, our 2015 goals are to: · Reach nearly $300 of sales per selling square foot · Increase Earnings Before Interest and Taxes to approximately 10% of sales, and · Achieve approximately 17% Return on Invested Capital

& SIMPLE

We are excited about the progress we are making toward building better home improvement experiences. It is a journey, and I am proud of the efforts and resilience Lowe's associates have displayed as we adjust along the way. We remain committed to building better home improvement experiences by building a diverse workforce and providing great tools, processes and training to our more than 245,000 associates. We have made significant progress on our journey, and we expect to deliver many more improvements over the next few years. I appreciate the investment you have made in our company and hope you will continue to f ollow our transformation as we build better home improvement experiences and become the first choice in home improvement.

"Beyond 2013, we expect to enhance our associates' ability to sell seamlessly across channels, introduce improved project management tools and expand fulfillment capabilities to cultivate personal and simple connections with customers."

Robert A. Niblock Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

