 

Dear Shareholders:
Lowe's enterprise IS based m the belief that oppor­tunity shared is opponunity multiplied
We describe our customers and employees, the communities where we work. our suppliers, and the rest
of Lowe's shareholders as our partners-in-interest; they are also Lowe's partners In opportunity, that intangible but essential component of every success story' ever lived. As we nurture and develop Lowe's opportunity in our constantly-changing marketplace. we strengthen our relationship with Lowe's partners and expand our foun­dation for shared enrichmement.
We had expected l99510 be our best year ever, exceed mg our very successful 1994 m both sale. and earnings. Sales did increase by 16%, topping S7 billion, but when it came to earnings. I995 proved 10 be a less satisfactory year than '94. A more cautious consumer mood, higher interest rates early in the year. and a LIFO charge of 58.3 million compared to $435,000 in 199, held operating earnings to a 15 gain.
In the past five years we have been transforming Lowe's is more than a chain of large stores, and our selling space has tripled 10 more than 24 million square feet. At year end. our big stores represented 71% of our total Store count, up from 15% in 1990. They accounted for 79% of our sales and 80% of operating earnings. up from 14% when the decade began This performance Is the more impressive because the smaller stores that we still opera1e were and arc the best of their class.
We are committed to having 600 s1orcs m the year 2000. In our increasingly competitive environment, we are augemnting our strategic advantage by doing more or what we do best: building bigger and better Lowe's stores wherever we identify staffing them with more qualified employees (and more qualified employees) supporting them with efficient distribution centers;
 
 
LroiwdG. 1t« nna






constantly upgrading our investment technology; and extending our outreach to Lowe's customers and commu­nities through energy available medium
In 1996, the oldest Baby Boomers  are turning fifty. Number ing rough!}' seventy million nationally. the Baby Boom generation currently accounts for half of Lowe's business. They are reaching their peak earning years. which correspond to years of peak home ownership. so their importance to Lowe's Isn't likely to wain in the foreseeable future On their heels (and now stepping out oof their shadow) arc eighty million Gen X'ers, a huge and diverse group whose economic orientation and consumption patterns will be keys to retail growth well into the next century. Lowe's everyday value pricing and time-efficient destination stores arc proving highly successful at meeting the demands of Nineties consumers from both the Boomer and X'er generations.

What is Lowe's outlook on opportunity? We believe that retrospectively, 1995 will prove lo have been a year for gathering strength. a year during which we gained market share and consolidated energy for the next push forward. The home improvement industry contin­ues to grow, and is predicted by the Home Improvement Research Institute to reach nearly $ 170 billion annually b)' the end of the decade Add to that new housing expenditures in the annual range of S75 billion and a consumer durables industry that might be reasonable)' expect 10 see $88 billion annually. and outlook for Lowe's is bright indeed.
Smee the inmauon of our store restructuring program m 199 I , only 40% of our growth has been m new markets In 1995 , on schedule, we completed 1ha1 planned restructuring. Staning in 1996. at least 75% of our new s1ore mvcstmem " II go mto new markets. Of the sixty store projects planned for 199 6. fony-nvc will
 
be in new markets and fifteen will be relocations, for an added 6.7 million square feet of selling space.
As our expansion pushes outward, Lowe's stores will be suppo rted by new sune-of-the-art regional
distribution centers. Our Texas d.c. began shippingon Ma rch 1; the new Statesville, North Carolina facility will be up and running later this year; and our Valdos ta, Georgia d.c. will be completed early in 1997.
Our family of employees now numbers more than 45,000. It has nearly tripled since 1990, and we expect will to top 60,000 in 1998 . We are proud to share Lowe's opportunity with so many new co-workers during this exciting phase in our company's development.
Naturally.as our base expands in size and scope, the leadership of Lowe's evolves and grows commensu­rately. In recent months, several very talented members of our senior management team have been promoted LO new challenges and responsibilities. Larry Stone, who began his career with Lowe's in 1969 and has worn many different hats during Lowe's transformation into a big­ store chain, is our new executive vice president for store operations. Bill Warden, who was Lowe's outside legal counsel for 17 years before joining the company in 1993. is our new executive vice president and chief administra­tive officer.
Cliff Oxford, who has been with Lowe's since 1984
and most recently served as senior vice president for corporate relations, has become senior vice president for corporate and human development. Richard Elledge, our chief accounting officer since 199 1, is now also a senior vice president and assistant corporate secretary. Greg Bridgeford, who has been with Lowe's since 1982, is now senior vice president and general merchandise manager in charge of fashion products. Greg Wessling, whose career with Lowe's began in 1974, is our senior vice president and general merchandise manager in charge of functional products. Lee Herring, who is responsible for distribution, logistics, and product replenishment, has also become a senior vice president. Lee joined Lowe's in  1976 .
For more than fifteen years. Lowe's has published a comprehensive Code of Ethics which our officers, manag­aers, and supervisory personnel are annually required to read, understand, and communicate to all employees, signing a Statement of Compliance thereto. Our objective is an annual reaffirmation of Lo we's commitment to the
 
highest principles of business conduct.
Also, for several years Lowe's has required all vendors and suppliers merging into a Master Standard Buying Agreement. Specifically included in this agree­ment are prohibitions against the use of child labor and penal labor in the manufacture or distribution of any products purchased by Lowe's.
At the suggestion of a shareholder, we have de­cided to include our strong policy stand against child and penal labor in our Code of Ethics. This action gives greater visibility to this policy. and will be another source of pride for our employees.
During 1995 we also welcomed ClaudineMalone
to Lo we's Board of Directors. A former professor at the Harvard BusinessSchool, Claudine is chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond and president of Financial and Management Consulting, Inc. of Mclean, Virginia.Her retail and financial expertise \\ II be a significant augmentation to our board.
There is great continuity in Lowe's. For five de­cades we've been building our company on principles such as low-cost operating, value pricing, and employee ownership, and success has rewarded our fidelity10  these concepts. Yet Lowe's has also changed tremendously through the years- from mall stores 10 big stores, from a contractor customer franchise to DIY'ers. from the G.I. generation 10 Baby Boomers and GenX'ers. Our constant goal has been 10 identify opportunities in the market­ place, and 10 capitalize on those opportunities for the benefit of all our partners-in-interest.
ln a 1959 interview, Lowe's founding father, Carl
Buchan, said "The one mistakeI have always made has been to underestimate the potential of the market." He would have appreciated the sophisticated market under­ standing which today's technology has made possible.
That understanding of Lowe's customers influences every policy and decision we make, from long-range strategic planning to real-Lime responsiveness on our sales floors. It is what drives our continuing evolution and helps us capitalize on our opportunities·
For further analysis of that opportunity as we approach the new millennium, we invite you to read on.
We salute and thank all Lowe's friends, and we look forward to sharing the harvest of opportunity which is the enrichment of our partnership.
 

Cordial good wishes,



 	 
 
Robert L. Strickland Chairman of the Board

2
 
Leonard G. Herring
President and Chief Executive Officer
Nonh Wilkesboro. NC
