During 2000, we converted all 41 former Eagle locations to Lowe's Home Improvement WareTo Our Shareholders: houses. This enormous endeavor was completed in When the economic climate changes, the world's the third quarter of 2000, thanks in large part to the best retailers look for opportunity. The marked ecodedication and assistance of our employees at these nomic shift that occurred during the latter part of locations and throughout Lowesland, and our vendor 2000 was one such time, and Lowe's took the partners. We are now aggressively marketing the opportunity to evaluate our business and sharpen Lowe's story of superior customer service, quality our vision for the future. While obstacles like the products and exclusive brands backed by Lowe's slowing economy and severe lumber deflation kept guaranteed low prices and complete customer satisus from meeting all of our objectives for 2000, faction. We expect to continue experiencing financial Lowe's did report record improvement from these sales and earnings during "new" Lowe's stores. these somewhat challengLooking to the future, we ing economic times. Lowe's see a fast growing and highly achieved sales of $18.8 bilfragmented $400 billion lion in 2000, an 18 percent home improvement indusincrease over 1999; net try only getting better. The income exceeded $800 home improvement market million, showing a 20 peris expected to grow over cent improvement over four percent annually for 1999; and earnings per the next four years, as Baby share improved from $1.75 Boomers trade up, remodel, to $2.11, a 21% increase. and generally improve their Pursuing our tack of homes, and X'ers buy and carefully planned growth, move into their first homes robert l. tillman chairman of the board, president Lowe's opened 100 new and prepare for the family to and chief executive officer stores during 2000. We follow. Even more promisincreased our presence in the top 25 U.S. ing, today the home improvement industry is domiMetropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs), significantly nated by two industry leaders. Lowe's, and our priincreasing the number of stores in these crucial areas mary competitor, as the top two players, control less to 18 percent of our total. The top 25 MSAs reprethan 20 percent market share. The balance of the sent approximately one-half of the nation's Do-Itindustry's sales is highly fragmented, creating continY ourself (DIY) market potential and therefore repreued opportunity for market share gains. sent tremendous opportunity for future growth as Another important and positive aspect of the Lowe's continues expanding into these areas. home improvement industry is the resiliency it

Lowe's Companies, Inc. 3

historically and consistently exhibits during difficult economic times. Typically, even when the economy slows, homeowners continue to invest in one of their most important, and enduring assets -- their home. Home ownership remains at historically high levels, and as interest rates decline, attractive refinancing encourages home improvement spending. In 2001, we plan to open an additional 115 to 120 stores, 65 percent of which will open in metropolitan markets with populations greater than 500,000. This aggressive expansion will build on our established base of 650 stores in 40 states reported at the end of 2000. With Lowe's stores now spanning the United States, advertising is even more important in creating brand awareness. February 2001 was a milestone for Lowe's, marking the launch of our national network television advertising campaign. With Lowe's expansion into California, the Pacific Northwest and the Northeast, national network advertising is now a cost-effective medium for introducing Lowe's to millions of Americans. This step into the national advertising arena parallels Lowe's tremendous growth and foreshadows our successes yet to come. As Lowe's grows, we must constantly fine-tune our merchandise offering, keeping an eye on the needs and wants of our customers. A major initiative of the past year, and an area of continued opportunity for the future, has been a shift to carrying a larger selection of increasingly popular premium grade products, accentuating a range of price points, and effectively moving the consumer "up the continuum" to better value. Consumers have told us that they want higher-end, better quality and uniquely different products, and our merchants are providing and presenting them in the ideal environment -- our attractive, customer-

friendly stores. Our cleaner, brighter, better organized and easier-to-shop stores provide an excellent environment in which to showcase better brands and premium products. Innovative, informative and even inspirational displays also add to the interest and enjoyment of shopping at Lowe's. As the affluent Baby Boomers evolve from a generation of DIY ers to Buy-ItY ourselfers (BIY ers), our ability to offer complete, solution-based product and installation programs is critical to success. Key sales initiatives in 2000 focused on Commercial Business Customers (CBCs), Special Order Sales (SOS), and Installed Sales. These programs will continue as sales drivers for 2001 and beyond, as we remain focused on meeting our customers' needs and exceeding their expectations. At Lowe's, we want our customers to shop in a way that best suits their needs. That's why in 2000 we re-launched a new and improved lowes.com. Lowe's internet presence allows us to offer more special order products as well as enhance customer relationships, with instructions for more than 300 DIY projects available online. In an effort to continually improve our processes and provide better value for our customers, we integrated our technology and logistics groups in 2000, bringing together two of Lowe's strongest competitive advantages. This synergy between inventory management, distribution, Management Information Systems and the internet reduces costs in the inventory supply chain. Enhancing our existing logistics network of highly automated distribution facilities, we broke ground last year on two new regional distribution centers in Perris, CA, and Findlay, OH. Opening in 2001, these distribution centers will add to our logistics infrastructure and

Lowe's Companies, Inc. 4

enhance our ability to cost-effectively move products from our vendors through Lowe's stores into the hands and homes of our customers. During 2000, Lowe's provided store managers increased flexibility in managing inventory quantities and selections. While buying and logistics remain centralized, we shifted additional responsibility from our Wilkesboro headquarters to individual stores, empowering our store management teams to adjust inventory quantity and selection based on their respective local needs. This gives associates on the sales floor -- those employees closest to the customer -- greater opportunity to influence the merchandising of a store, based on regional and local preferences, governmental regulations, or building codes, thereby ensuring customers' needs are met. Providing the right products at competitive prices in a preferred shopping environment is essential, but it's only part of the equation. Customer service is critical for our success, and service is the element that completes the customer's experience. Quality customer service starts with quality people. We know that well-trained employees lead to superior service, so we strive to attract and retain the best employees in every market. We reward our associates for their dedicated customer service and offer the best and most comprehensive benefits package in retail. Lowe's "Buy, Own, Save" program is a threefold plan that helps our employees plan for the future. Nearly seven percent of Lowe's stock is owned through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). As an ESOP company, all associates with more than one year of service receive a contribution of Lowe's stock. Through this program and other performance-based incentives, Lowe's effectively links personal and corporate success, sending a consistent message to

employees as to the vital role they play in determining the growth and success of Lowe's. We're confident that our benefits program allows us to attract and retain the best employees available, which in turn enhances our customer service. We continually improve our workforce through aggressive recruiting, strong mentoring and ongoing training. At Lowe's, expanding our vision is about finding new ways to exceed customer expectations. In an ever-changing marketplace, that translates to constantly fine-tuning all aspects of our business, from customer service and merchandising to logistics and technology. It is with this philosophy that we continue to grow, offering only the best in home improvement to our customers. As Lowe's enters a new fiscal year, Improving Home Improvement is a promise that continues to drive every aspect of our business strategy. No matter how simple or complex a customer's needs, no matter how big or small their project, our mission is to provide an environment where retail and commercial customers can find everything they need to improve their most valuable investments -- their homes and businesses. Best wishes,

robert l. tillman
chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer
April 16, 2001 Wilkesboro, NC

Lowe's Companies, Inc. 5

