To Our Shareholders

In 1997, Lowe's got better at what we do well. We served more than twenty million customers, ringing up 200 million transactions. We topped $10 billion in sales and achieved record earnings of $357 million. In addition, during our 51st year we dedicated ourselves to acquiring a comprehensive understanding of our increasingly diverse customer base. As a result, we are now better able to provide the superior customer satisfaction that is essential to Lowe's continued growth and prosperity. The Nineties have been a great platform from which to launch Lowe's into the new millennium. In this decade, so far, we have achieved a 20% compound sales growth rate and a 26% compound growth rate in net earnings. Those results have kept pace with the increase in our total square footage as we have transformed Lowe's into a chain of large home improvement warehouses. Although Lowe's has been around for half a century, 75% of our square footage is less than four years old. At the end of 1997 we had 289 large stores (80,000 square feet and larger) which accounted for 85% of our total 36.5 million square feet of selling space. We have been completing new store projects (including relocations) at a rate of more than one per week. In 1997 we opened 42 new stores in new markets, taking Lowe's product assortment and customer service to millions of new customers. We also completed 24 "re-Lowe-cations," continuing the transformation that has yielded immediate and vigorous sales and earnings growth from relocated stores. We have opened four state-of-the-art regional distribution centers (rdc's) within the last four years, and a fifth is currently

Bob Tillman at a Gold Advisory Board meeting.

1

Bob Tillman gets valuable input from customers at a Gold Advisory Board meeting.

under construction. Every Lowe's store is now served by one of these high-tech rdc's, and we're ready to leverage our investment. We have refined our inventory and distribution systems so that we can get products to our customers faster while reducing costs. As our hub-and-spoke expansion continues, we are taking Lowe's into selected metropolitan markets. New stores in Atlanta, Dallas, Jacksonville, and Tampa met with enthusiastic acceptance in 1997. Our 1998 expansion will include between 75 and 80 new store projects, of which nearly 40% will be relocations of existing stores. Metro markets will be the target of more than half of Lowe's new market expansion over the next eighteen months, as we penetrate and aggressively develop metro areas with proximity to our distribution centers. Taking care of customers is our mandate and our mission. It sounds simple, but to get the job done we are using increasingly sophisticated methods of analysis, prediction, and planning. Through our own research, as well as from prognosticators such as Yankelovich, Peters, Nesbitt, and the Home Improvement Research Institute, we have identified trends that seem destined to have a profound effect on Lowe's and our industry as we enter the next millennium. Of course, predicting the future is always a gamble, but it beats closing your eyes and hoping it will go away. And you can significantly better your odds by doing your homework. Homework begins at home, so last year we intercepted more than 8,000 customers at the end of a Lowe's shopping experience and asked them to complete a comprehensive questionnaire. Their responses showed us where Lowe's is in tune with
2

their evolving needs and desires, and where we could be serving them better. Another highly effective source of customer feedback has been Lowe's Gold Advisory Board. Gold Card holders are customers who have earned a substantial credit line and shop our stores frequently. At least once every month, we randomly select a market and invite a group of these special customers to join a Lowe's district manager and members of top management, including myself, for dinner. What we have learned in these sessions has confirmed and augmented our other research. There is great opportunity out there if we have the vision to identify trends, the wisdom to understand them, and the intellectual and financial capital to exploit them. America is getting older. Not only are we living longer in better health, but Baby Boomers are pulling the age curve upward as they cross the halfcentury mark. With increasing age and affluence, consumers are less likely to be do-it-yourselfers and more inclined to delegate projects to those with professional skills and tools. Replacing windows or installing a new floor is not how they choose to spend their valuable free time. They hire professionals for lawn care, pest control, pool maintenance, and furnace and air conditioner servicing. This indicates a realignment in the patterns of product distribution. We see it as an opportunity. Since 1950, the majority of the U.S. population has been female, but their current purchasing clout is a more recent development. Roughly half of the

shoppers in Lowe's stores are female--and many male shoppers are influenced by women. Women initiate the majority of home improvement projects. They decide where to shop, and once inside the store they make virtually all the home décor decisions. They are also capable of carrying out projects themselves: the "Honey-Do" lists of yesteryear are simply "To-Do" lists today. Yet most of our industry's stores, packaging, staffing, advertising, and merchandising is targeted at--and managed by--men. We see this as another opportunity. How (besides salivating) are we responding to these opportunities? The initiatives that we are planning and implementing are detailed in the feature article which follows this letter, but in brief: we are focused on providing value as defined by our customers, as well as supplying an unsurpassed assortment at unbeatable prices in all our product categories. Our customers value solutions, and they like us to make things easy for them. That's why our strategic focus for 1998 includes greatly enhanced programs for special orders and installed sales. We are expanding our home décor offering to help customers achieve the look they want in every detail. We are building trust in Lowe's through high-quality, exclusive brands such as Top ChoiceTM Lumber. We are paying particular attention to commercial business customers, that group of professionals to whom the Baby Boomers are delegating so many home projects. We are also making our stores more productive through traffic-sensitive staffing schedules and improved systems for ordering and delivery. We have recently added new expertise and perspective to our board of directors. Dr. Leonard Berry heads the Center for Retailing Studies at Texas A&M University and is an authority on services marketing; Peter Browning is President and COO of Sonoco, the global packaging company; and Richard Lochridge is a management consultant with experience helping companies to identify and seize opportunities for growth and development. As we wel3

come these talented individuals to our board, we also express our gratitude and appreciation to two outstanding board members who retired in 1997. Pete Kulynych was one of Lowe's founding directors and is now a director emeritus; Senator Russell Long, long-time chairman of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee, served on Lowe's board for ten years. At the end of January 1998, Bob Strickland retired as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Bob was a member of Lowe's first management team, joining the company in 1957 and serving on the Executive Committee and in the Office of the President before becoming chairman in 1978. We look forward to his continuing contribution as a member of the board. Lowe's retailing sector is growing. In the past fifteen years, our industry has grown at a compound annual rate of 6.5%, from $55 billion to $142 billion. According to the Home Improvement Research Institute, growth is expected to continue at roughly 5% per year. We are the second largest player in our fragmented sector, where in 1997 the top three competitors still only accounted for roughly one quarter of total industry sales. We see a tremendous opportunity to win market share as the trend toward consolidation continues. With our sharpened customer focus, we are confident that Lowe's is going where our customers want us to be. And putting customers first is good news for Lowe's shareholders, whose stake in Lowe's will also be customer driven.

Best wishes,

Robert L. Tillman
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
North Wilkesboro, NC

