Kenneth C. Donahey Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

strong neighbors strong hospitals strong communities
We strive to promote excellent working environments for hospital employees. We rigorously work to ensure fiscal responsibility. And we make every effort to see that our hospitals remain strong, vital resources for the people in their communities. Experience has taught us that, by pursuing these goals in each of our communities, we also enhance shareholder value. Bringing Big-City Resources to Smaller Communities. While our hospitals play key roles in their communities that enhance the quality of life there, our presence in our communities reflects, first and foremost, our belief that smaller towns offer compelling, long-term business opportunities. It's not an accident. We chose to focus on this segment of the healthcare marketplace. Each succeeding year continues to validate that choice. In 2003, hospitals across the country faced several negative trends. The hospital industry, which traditionally has been virtually immune to the effects of recessions, was affected by a weakened economy through the middle of the year. Faced with higher co-payments and deductibles, or because they were reluctant to miss work during uncertain economic times, many workers seemed to postpone elective procedures or otherwise use the healthcare system more selectively. Others who lost their jobs in recent years saw their COBRA benefits expire. As a result, hospital admissions nationwide remained static or declined in 2003, while collection of receivables slowed for many facilities and bad debt increased.

To Our Shareholders: Some people use the term "community hospital" as a synonym for "small-town" or "rural" facility. To all of us at LifePoint Hospitals, it means so much more. A community hospital is a place of shared experiences, a source of the community's pride and a reflection of a community's vitality. By making strong hospitals, LifePoint is helping to create stronger, more closely connected communities. Community hospitals are the lifeblood of a small town. As critical as its fundamental mission is, providing care to patients is not the hospital's only key function in the community. Typically, the hospital is one of the community's largest employers, providing livelihoods for hundreds of people. It serves as a focal point where community meetings and other functions often are held. It brings new people, especially physicians, nurses, skilled technicians and their families, who help sustain and enlarge the community. It regularly adds new services and medical technologies to the community; thereby improving convenience for residents who can obtain these medical services without traveling many miles to larger urban facilities. These expanded capabilities help keep jobs and revenues within the community. The hospital is also one of the community's most important citizens, providing tax revenues that help sustain many other local services and institutions that serve everyone. We feel a great sense of responsibility to the communities where we operate hospitals. In each of our communities, we seek to deliver high-quality, cost-effective care. We work to equip physicians with technologies they need to treat their patients.

(2) Annual Report 2003

L I F E P O I N T H O S P I TA L S , I N C .

These short-term obstacles add to the longer-term challenges that many community hospitals face. As hospitals continue to evolve into institutions of sophisticated (and expensive) medical technology, many smaller, non-profit facilities are struggling to remain competitive with large, urban hospitals that can afford to invest in each new generation of equipment. Likewise, many non-urban hospitals lack the reach and resources to recruit new physicians who will enable them to expand their services to local patients. Meanwhile, these hospitals also are dealing with pressure from payors to contain costs, while maintaining their quality of care. In this difficult environment, LifePoint continued to invest in its communities by recruiting new physicians and expanding the services offered in our hospitals. By helping patients in our communities to enjoy healthier, better lives, we also help our shareholders by adding value to their investment. We believe that there is a direct correlation between the quality of care we deliver and the value we earn in the financial marketplace. In our view, it's a perfect alignment of interests. A Place with a Future. Our operating results last year gave us renewed confidence in the validity of LifePoint's operating strategy. We continue to recognize the opportunity for our company to use its resources to make a difference in our communities. The fundamentals remain strong. As the baby boom generation ages and new or improved healthcare technologies continue to emerge, analysts project that

inpatient hospital admissions will enjoy a long pattern of steady growth. According to a 2003 projection by the Office of the Actuary of the Centers of Medicare and Medicaid Services, national health expenditures will reach $3.1 trillion per year by 2012--reflecting a compounded annual growth rate of 7.3% and accounting for more than one of every six dollars spent within the U.S. economy. Competition remains low. LifePoint is the only hospital operator in all but one of the 28 communities we serve. It's no coincidence. In part, the absence of direct competition results from our selectivity in making acquisitions. Even more, it results from the nature of our environment, where the size of the marketplace itself creates a barrier to entry. In most cases, the biggest competitive threat to our hospitals comes from urban facilities that are generally located in excess of 25 miles from our hospitals. Local residents, however, generally prefer to receive care in the convenience of their own communities, provided the hospital offers services, physicians and quality of care that compare favorably with hospitals in large cities. By equalizing all of these factors, we create a real advantage for our hospitals. Medicare changes help rural hospitals. In addition to its widely publicized prescription drug benefit, the Medicare reform bill that was signed into law last year included a number of provisions that will provide additional funding to rural hospitals. These changes to Medicare's reimbursement formula are designed to correct historical imbalances that have placed rural facilities at a disadvantage and will mean more than $18 billion in additional payments to community hospitals over a 10-year period.

MAYOR FRED SIEGELMAN "Versailles is such a tight-knit community, and our hospital is an important community member. The administration and staff are involved in everything we do to keep our community beautiful and vibrant. They not only provide convenient quality healthcare, but also have sponsored events like our `Paint the Town Pink' for breast cancer awareness and been a significant contributor to our one-of-a kind community water tower ­ where the artist's 33-foot tall horses proudly say `Welcome to Versailles' for all who pass by. Bluegrass Community Hospital has had a major hand in helping our community grow yet keeping it a very special place."

We have abundant room to grow. More than 40% of the nation's hospitals are in rural areas. Yet the market is almost entirely fragmented. Of all community hospitals, approximately 92% are owned by government entities or not-for-profit groups. The increasing financial and administrative pressures that accompany operating a rural hospital have led growing numbers of these facilities to look to outside ownership for the resources that will enable them to continue their missions. LifePoint is extremely well positioned to capitalize on that trend, while enjoying the flexibility to remain selective about the acquisitions we pursue. In 2003, we completed another strategic acquisition when we purchased Spring View Hospital in Lebanon, KY. Higher Efficiency, Lower Costs, Stronger Hospitals. In addition to the challenges posed by their size, non-urban hospitals often lack the in-house management expertise that would enable them to achieve the operating efficiencies that large, urban hospitals attain. Here, particularly, LifePoint's long operating experience serves as a competitive leveler. Through our focus on improving cost-effectiveness, for example, our hospitals have scored real gains in productivity, while holding steady or even reducing overall labor costs. Through our equity participation in the HealthTrust Purchasing Group, we negotiate volume discounts that are among the most aggressive in the industry. Drawing on our extensive business office expertise, our hospitals have maximized collection opportunities and minimized bad-debt writeoffs as much as possible. Meanwhile, we have negotiated agreements with managed care payors that

have increased net revenues to our facilities. In all of these ways and more, LifePoint has improved the vitality of its hospitals. New Physicians, New Specialties, Big Additions. Just as a community's strength is often reflected by the strength of its hospital, building a strong hospital ultimately depends upon the quality of its medical staff. For many non-urban hospitals, recruiting and retaining outstanding physicians has long proved to be a formidable challenge. Frequently, smaller, rural hospitals lack the resources to mount large-scale physician recruiting efforts, or they may not have invested in the sophisticated medical equipment needed to support particular physician specialties. LifePoint, on the other hand, is committed to making significant investments each year in the recruitment of new physicians. It is an investment that only a company with considerable resources and opportunities can make. Practicing in a community hospital and living in a small town are not for every physician. Yet many doctors are attracted by a smalltown lifestyle and the chance to make a meaningful difference in a community. Drawing upon our experience and strength, we have been effective, not only in identifying such physicians, but in matching their geographical preferences to the needs of our hospitals across the country. In 2003, we had our most successful physician recruitment results in our company's history, with the addition of 125 new doctors representing a variety of clinical specialties. As these physicians begin practicing in LifePoint hospitals from Wyoming to

MICHELE WELLING, MD "My patients love Bluegrass Community Hospital. It's a friendly, nurturing place, and they feel comfortable there. I send them to our community hospital knowing they will have a good experience and get quality care. It's a place where everyone has the patient's best interest at heart. As chairman of the hospital's board, I also know that LifePoint's integrity and honesty are evident in the day-to-day workings of the hospital. Hospital administrators welcome physicians' suggestions, and they are completely committed to our community and taking care of the people who live here."

JOHN SOPER, President, Citizen's Commerce National Bank "It's critical for us to have quality medical care in Woodford County. A well-run community hospital can be an economic engine ­ near the top of the list with schools and safety when new businesses are considering relocating here. And it helps to keep our current factories and businesses here by meeting their employees' healthcare needs. LifePoint's Bluegrass Community Hospital is also a valuable resource to local management, offering training and counsel in a variety of areas. And as an employer, I appreciate the fact that our bank's employees have a local hospital where they might get a needed test or x-ray during lunch without the need to take the day off or leave our community."

Florida, our efforts should bear even greater fruit in the years to come in the form of increased patient volume and revenues. Alongside these tangible, bottom-line measures, the new physicians and their families are enriching their new communities through their energies, their talents, their purchasing power, their tax contributions and, certainly, their medical expertise. More Services, More Convenience, More Revenues. Just as we invest in bringing new medical staff to our communities, we also continually work to enhance the hospital services and physical facilities upon which our neighbors depend. Still, because no two communities or hospitals are totally alike, we tailor our capital investments to meet the particular needs in each location. In the past four years, for example, our company has invested in new or updated operating rooms for 12 hospitals. During that time, we added MRI or CT technologies at another 26 facilities. We added rehab units in seven communities; four others now have state-of-the-art emergency facilities. In still others, we added capacity for more licensed beds to meet the growing demand for our healthcare services. Altogether, we have invested more than $190 million in capital expenditures since the beginning of 2000. These, too, are investments not just in buildings or equipment, but in our communities. Often, they provide access to specialty services that residents would otherwise have to travel to larger cities to obtain. And, they add revenues for the hospital that can be reinvested in ways that further benefit the community.

Making a Qualitative Difference. Out of more than 5,600 acute-care facilities nationwide, four of our 29 LifePoint hospitals last year ranked among the nation's 100 best: Meadowview Regional Medical Center in Maysville, KY; Georgetown Community Hospital in Georgetown, KY; Crockett Hospital in Lawrenceburg, TN; and Ashley Valley in Vernal, UT. Meadowview has received this honor four other times since 1993, and Georgetown has been named twice before. This list of top-performing hospitals, compiled by Solucient, Inc., uses eight objective statistical measures, including successful patient outcomes and levels of financial performance. We are extremely proud that our hospitals have achieved this recognition. It affirms both the standard of quality we seek to obtain at all LifePoint hospitals and our long-held belief that we can simultaneously meet the expectations of our shareholders while serving the needs of our home communities. In all these ways and more, in non-urban hospitals like Bluegrass Community Hospital in Versailles, KY, serving our neighbors is entwined with serving our company and you, our stockholders. We are grateful for your continued confidence and belief in our mission.

Sincerely,

Kenneth C. Donahey Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Annual Report 2003 L I F E P O I N T H O S P I T A L S , I N C . (5)

