P. 2 LPNT AR05

When Hurricane Katrina slammed through LaPlace, Louisiana, one of the communities we call home, the people of LifePoint pulled together in some remarkable ways. As the storm closed in on the town, our staff members at River Parishes Hospital evacuated 23 patients to Baton Rouge, along with physicians and other personnel to take care of them after they reached safety. Others stayed behind to take care of the hospital, which survived the hurricane with no significant structural damage. For several days, while power, telephones and refrigeration were out, they worked round the clock to make repairs and reopen this community lifeline. Some pressed on despite losing everything in the storm. Others were displaced from their homes. With no way to contact their loved ones, many did not learn for 48 hours or more whether their families were safe. In spite of all these challenges, River Parishes Hospital was serving the community again within a matter of days. They received a major assist from the larger community of LifePoint. Plant operations experts from our other hospitals encamped at

River Parishes for days as the facility came back on line. Shipments of supplies, from energy bars to satellite phones, poured in. Deputies from the Knox County, Tennessee, sheriff's department, hired temporarily by the Company, arrived to furnish security. Individuals from all 53 of our hospitals joined with the LifePoint Community Foundation to help their fellow employees who were impacted by Katrina. The effort in LaPlace occurred in response to an extraordinary situation. But it also reflects the way we approach each ordinary business day -- pulling together as a company, going the extra mile, for the communities where we live and work. Everything we do connects to five foundational values which themselves are interconnected. The success of our company depends in every way on "connecting these dots:"  delivering compassionate, high-quality patient care;  supporting physicians;  creating excellent workplaces for our employees;  providing community value; and  ensuring fiscal responsibility

Within our company, we sometimes refer to these values as the "high five," as a reminder that they are paramount to our business strategy. Staying focused on them is a proven route to success. Just as we rely on numerical measures of our performance from quarter to quarter and year to year, we use these five connected dots to measure success over the longer term. We know that, ultimately, delivering on these values is the most reliable way to deliver value to LifePoint shareholders and to build healthy hospitals that make a vital difference to the communities that depend on us. We make communities healthier.

P. 3

Ashley Meece, a nurse at Lake Cumberland Regional Hospital, Somerset, Kentucky, knows all about the high quality of care delivered at LifePoint's hospitals. Not only did she grow up hearing about it, but she has experienced it first hand. Ashley's mother has worked at Lake Cumberland Regional Hospital for 30 years while her father has worked there for 15 years. Ashley recently joined the LifePoint family herself as a nurse in the Pediatric Care Unit.

P. 4 LPNT AR05

In 2005, we devoted a great deal of energy to an effort that, in some respects, was like our intensive response in Louisiana. Early in the year, we completed a major business combination, adding 21 new hospitals in 21 different communities to our operations. While a great deal of alignment existed between our respective organizations, integrating nearly two dozen hospitals into one company, one system and one philosophy is, needless to say, a formidable task. Because of our company's origins and experience, we were able to fashion 23 small hospitals into a cohesive whole that far surpassed the sum of the parts. We are more convinced than ever of our direction and excited about our future. Committed to Quality Care Quality means different things to different people. For physicians, quality may mean having access to the resources needed to achieve the best outcome for the patient. It may involve an array of measures, from infection rates and complications to the percentage of surgeries that start on schedule. Nurses may use different measures for quality, such as the working conditions and adequacy of staffing levels.

Patients gauge quality according to their experience with the hospital: their satisfaction with the food, the compassion of the staff, and, most of all, whether the care they received helped them get well as quickly and effectively as possible. For all of these varied measures, we apply one common denominator: doing the right thing in each situation for each stakeholder. We pride ourselves on the quality of our care, our efforts at risk management and the support we receive for both from our medical staffs and local hospital boards. We also know that quality is a constantly

moving target. Within our hospitals, you'll find an array of teams, organized by areas of expertise (such as nursing, pharmacy, the emergency department) that work closely with our medical staff in efforts to continuously improve the quality of our procedures and services. In addition, we promote peer networking through which staff professionals can learn from and share best practices with our other hospitals. In these ways and more, we try to improve the quality of care for our patients every day.

P. 5

Valley View Medical Center, Fort Mohave, Arizona, which opened in late 2005, is a 102,000-square-foot acute-care facility that includes all private rooms as well as an emergency department and Women's Center and radiology, surgical services, critical care, perinatal and neonatal and rehabilitative units. The dedicated and experienced 75-physician staff provides a comprehensive range of medical specialties.

P. 6 LPNT AR05

Committed to Physicians The hospital is the lifeblood of the community, and physicians are the lifeblood of the hospital. It is doctors, after all, who direct the flow of patients. And without physicians in a broad range of medical specialties -- a traditional weakness for many rural hospitals -- patients and revenues flow out of the community. For that reason, attracting and supporting physicians has always been one of our core values. Many non-urban hospitals find it difficult to attract and retain physicians. Often, they lack the reach and resources to recruit that subset of doctors who are drawn to the opportunity of practicing medicine in an unhurried, close-knit community. We recruit physicians from all parts of the country -- physicians who know that, because of the scope of LifePoint's operations, they can be matched to the community that best fits their wants and needs. Recruitment is only the beginning of our efforts. To complement the skill of our medical staffs, we make major investments in sophisticated medical equipment and facilities. We ensure that decision-making at our hospitals is informed by active, ongoing physician voices. We do everything we can to create an environment where physicians will want to plant long roots.

Committed to Our Employees By its very nature, a hospital is a demanding place to work. It can also be a very rewarding place. Our physicians and staff are able to share in the joy of their neighbors at the birth of a new baby. They know the challenges of providing care in urgent situations. They also realize the satisfaction that comes from knowing they helped a patient get better, or simply feel more comfortable. We do everything in our power to create excellent work environments in our hospitals. We work to ensure that our people always have the resources they need. With our employees, no less than with our patients, quality means doing the right thing. When the hospital staff enjoys a high level of satisfaction, it typically translates into higher patient and physician satisfaction. Higher patient satisfaction translates into stronger patient loyalty and stronger referral patterns. Stronger referral patterns translate into higher revenues, which translate into stronger hospitals that in turn make for healthier communities. In this way, our five interconnected values also define an ever strengthening circle that is at work in every LifePoint community.

P. 7

LifePoint's commitment to equipping its hospitals with state-of-the-art technology allows physicians to perform procedures usually only available at larger hospitals in metropolitan areas.

P. 8 LPNT AR05

Vaughan Regional Medical Center in Selma, Alabama, is what non-urban hospitals are all about. Employees of the hospital are more than just providers of healthcare, they are community leaders who take an active role in making the hopes and dreams of their community become a reality.

P. 9

Committed to Communities We have a special relationship with our patients. They are also our neighbors. We know them. Not uncommonly, our nurses take care of people with whom they went to high school, or who were friends of their parents. Our people have a personal stake in making their communities as healthy as possible. It's easier to go the extra mile when you're helping people you know. Adding to that stake is a sense of community pride. In 49 of the 53 markets we serve, the LifePoint hospital is the community's sole provider. Many began as not-forprofit hospitals that were owned by the community. People still feel that sense of civic ownership. They want the hospital to prosper. They understand that a healthy hospital, in more ways than one, translates into a healthy community. In our case, what is good for the community is also good for business. The ties that bind us to our neighbors also bind them to our hospitals as customers. Community hospitals possess one enormous asset: the abiding loyalty of local people. All other things being equal, most area residents would prefer to receive care in their own communities

than to travel to a distant larger and impersonal facility. At home, they're among people they know. They're closer to family. They enjoy the comfort of greater convenience. Traditionally, however, community hospitals have also faced one big disadvantage. Their small size often has meant that they lack the services, the facilities, the physicians or the expertise to match large urban facilities. As a result, these large urban facilities make inroads into rural areas, which in turn progressively weaken a vital community institution. We help level the playing field. By equipping hospitals with the resources to offer a wide range of services, operate cost-efficiently and deliver high-quality care, we give patients reason to stay close to home in all but the most complex cases. Our interest and the interests of our communities are almost perfectly aligned. Committed to Fiscal Responsibility We have always believed that fiscal responsibility and quality care, far from conflicting, are actually mutually reinforcing values. Good fiscal management, for example, permits allocation of

more resources to the enhancement of care. Over the years, our hospital management teams have compiled a remarkable track record for managing resources and costs -- and adapting their efforts to meet the unique needs of each hospital in every community. By enabling hospitals to take advantage of volume discounts and by consulting with physicians on their needs and preferences, we not only help reduce supply costs but ensure that the items we purchase are used to best effect. Our commitment is to remain detail-oriented, always seeking ways to better manage costs, without ever compromising the high quality of care that we expect from ourselves and that our neighbors deserve. Committed to an Even Healthier Future With each succeeding year, we are strengthened in the belief that our company is well positioned in the segment of the acute-care hospital industry that offers the richest opportunities for continued growth. Healthcare spending, which surpassed 15% of the nation's GNP in 2005, will continue to grow as the population ages. More and more

P. 10 LPNT AR05

We have always believed that fiscal responsibility and quality care, far from conflicting, are actually mutually reinforcing values. Good fiscal management, for example, permits allocation of more resources to the enhancement of care.

of that aging population is shifting to the South and West, the regions where our hospitals are concentrated. Because most of our hospitals are sole community providers, they face less competition than their urban counterparts. Because of corrections in Medicare's payment formula, rural hospitals can expect to receive an additional $18 billion in reimbursements through 2014. Finally, because our field remains largely unconsolidated -- more than 80% of the nation's hospitals are locally owned -- we enjoy an abundance of

opportunities for targeted, opportunistic growth. As more of these community-owned institutions seek partners with the resources that will enable them to continue their missions, we are situated to make selective acquisitions that complement our portfolio. We also completed the acquisitions of two hospitals in Virginia. Wythe County Hospital in Wytheville is a beautiful, 104bed facility that offers great potential. With 350 beds, Danville Regional Medical Center in Danville is the largest hospital in the LifePoint family. As we embark upon a new year,

we remain confident that our past is the best predictor of our future. Bringing 23 hospitals -- even ones with closely aligned missions, philosophies and services -- under the LifePoint umbrella is a significant challenge. It is an even more significant opportunity. Our track record, we believe, demonstrates that we are well positioned to make the most of that opportunity. More than anything else, our business revolves around the five fundamentals of quality, physicians, employees, community and fiscal

P. 11

responsibility. Our focus on these fundamentals enabled us, after LifePoint's inception, to transform nearly two dozen previously underperforming hospitals into healthy institutions. It also enabled us to grow into a company that now operates in 20 states and is poised to cultivate the promising opportunities of a fertile field. Now, with that same execution, we are working vigorously to ensure that our new hospitals -- most of which had benefited from the discipline and resources of investor-owned management for less than five years -- continue to advance

toward attaining their full potential. Within each hospital, our progress toward that goal has been steady and sure. Such journeys take time. But we have shown that we know the way. As we continue on that path, we remain grateful for your support and your investment. Sincerely,

Kenneth C. Donahey

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

