LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

To Our Stockholders:

The year 2000 was an incredible year for LifePoint Hospitals, its employees and its stockholders. Our financial and operating results, along with the confidence that so many people placed in LifePoint Hospitals, continue to drive our company forward. I want to take this opportunity to thank each of you personally for your continued support throughout the year. Our success during the year was tempered by the loss of our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Scott Mercy, who was killed in a plane crash. Scott was LifePoint Hospitals' biggest supporter, and he held a deep commitment to our employees, patients, physicians and the communities that we serve. Scott brought together a management team with a shared vision of excellence in the operation of our company and its hospitals. Scott touched all of us, and he will always be missed. We will remember his leadership and his motivation, but most of all, we will remember his friendship. All of us at LifePoint remain committed to our common vision of: G delivering high quality patient care; G supporting physicians; G creating excellent workplaces for our employees; G providing community value; and G ensuring fiscal responsibility. These five basic principles have formed the foundation of our company since its inception. Every decision that we make is measured in accordance with this vision. I am pleased to report that during the year we remained focused on executing our operations strategy, and we are excited about the following accomplishments:
O p e r at i o n s

Executed facility-specific strategies to meet the needs of our communities. We believe that healthcare is a local issue. Accordingly, each of our hospitals has developed specific strategies to enhance the quality of healthcare in its community. These strategies position each hospital to support the population growth in its market and to expand the hospital's role as a community asset. Strengthened physician recruitment and retention efforts. One of the keys to our strong performance is the success we have achieved in recruiting physicians. Since 1998, LifePoint has recruited 179 physicians, 56% of whom are specialists. Recruiting and retaining physicians in our non-urban communities is critical to expanding the number of available healthcare services in these areas. We expect to continue our momentum in physician recruitment in the coming years. Expanded services to reduce outmigration. Our hospitals continue to expand or renovate their emergency rooms, operating rooms, and outpatient areas, and to increase specialty services so that patients no longer have to leave their local communities to receive specialty care. We invested $31.4 million in our facilities in 2000 and expect to invest another $35 - $40 million in 2001. We will continue to make appropriate capital investments to improve and broaden the scope of available healthcare services and to support the needs of newly recruited specialists in our markets. Improved expense management. Each of LifePoint's hospitals has remained focused on cost control initiatives. We have seen the results in reduced labor expenses and improved productivity, lower supply costs and increased collected revenue. We have implemented cost control initiatives, such as adjusting staffing levels according to patient volumes, modifying supply purchases consistent with usage patterns and

2

providing training to hospital staff in more efficient billing and collection processes. We expect to see further improvements in these areas as management remains focused on these key operational issues. Improved managed care position. As an independent company, we have been able to increase revenues from managed care plans by negotiating facility-specific contracts with payers. As we grow our position as a significant provider of acute care services in our markets, we expect to be able to improve our negotiating leverage and decrease the levels of discounts in the arrangements in which we participate. Continued focus on constituency satisfaction. LifePoint measures the satisfaction of our four primary constituents: employees, patients, physicians and community. We have measured constituency satisfaction since the formation of our company, and we continue to see substantial improvement in the results for all four constituencies. Our hospitals are focused on developing constituency satisfaction initiatives that will give them a competitive edge in their markets.
F i n a n c i a l R e s u lt s

LifePoint's outstanding 2000 financial performance is the result of our focus on the basics of community hospital operations. By continuing to position our hospitals appropriately in their respective markets, equivalent admissions increased 4.8%. Other key utilization statistics, including surgeries, emergency room visits and outpatient visits, showed significant improvements from the prior year's results. These indicators reflect the success of our hospitals in meeting the needs of their communities. Financial improvements include an increase in annual revenue of 8.1% and an increase in operating cash flow (EBITDA) of 35.4%. Earnings per share for 2000 was $0.54, an increase from the prior year's loss per share of $0.24. With the strong cash flow from operations, we invested $31 million back into our facilities and improved our debt coverage to 2.7x in 2000 from 3.3x in 1999. We are very pleased with our financial results as well as our progress in driving our operating plan forward. Our success is attributable to the efforts of management in each of our facilities.
public secondary OFFERING

In March 2001, the Company raised $106.7 million in a public secondary offering of 3,680,000 shares of common stock. The net proceeds of approximately $100 million will be used to repay a portion of the Company's outstanding indebtedness. The offering helps us deleverage the Company, strengthen our balance sheet and execute our strategy for the future.
Acquisitions and Divestitures

In addition to improving existing markets through intensive focus on physician recruitment, service expansion, expense management and the introduction of new technology, LifePoint's strategic plan also included adding value through strategic portfolio realignment. The three hospitals that had been "held for sale" since the Company's formation were sold in 2000. In addition, we sold Riverview Medical Center in Gonzales, Louisiana, and Springhill Medical Center in Springhill, Louisiana, to strategic buyers in their local communities. We also acquired the following hospitals during the year: Putnam Community Medical Center, a 141-bed facility in Palatka, Florida, was acquired in June 2000. Putnam Community Medical Center services North Central Florida with over 500 employees and 102 medical staff members in 20 specialties.

3

Lander Valley Medical Center, a 102-bed facility in Lander, Wyoming, was acquired in July 2000. Lander is located about 30 miles from our hospital in Riverton, Wyoming, which creates opportunities for developing operational synergies between the two markets. Finally, we opened Bluegrass Community Hospital, a 25-bed critical access hospital located in Versailles, Kentucky, on January 2, 2001. We are operating this hospital under a two-year master lease agreement with renewal options.
L e g i s l at i o n

Along with all healthcare providers, we have been facing the challenges of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, which substantially cut Medicare reimbursement for our facilities. This year, legislators began listening to the needs of providers and, as a result, enacted the Benefit Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA). BIPA provides for a more rational approach to federal healthcare program reimbursement and is especially favorable for rural providers. Our facilities will receive greater reimbursement, which will give us the ability to expand the scope and enhance the quality of healthcare services we deliver in our non-urban communities.
Future

LifePoint Hospitals continues to be an operations-driven company. Substantial growth opportunities remain in our markets that can be captured through our continued physician recruitment and service expansion, as well as decreasing outmigration to other markets. Our hospitals are positioned to meet the growing needs for quality healthcare in their non-urban markets. As we look ahead, we will complement our operations growth by pursuing a disciplined acquisition strategy. We will continue to be selective in our acquisitions, and we will only acquire hospitals that fit our rural strategy. We are excited about the opportunities ahead and the possibility to add value to existing and new markets. In closing, I would like to remind you that as an owner of this company, you should not have to wait for our annual report and my stockholder letter to keep abreast of the developments at LifePoint Hospitals. You can monitor the Company's performance throughout the year at our Investor Relations Website, www.lifepointhospitals.com. We will continue to use the Internet to communicate to our stockholders throughout the years to come. Again, I would like to recognize the dedicated efforts of our employees. The results achieved by this Company would not be possible without their day-to-day efforts of delivering excellent patient care. To our stockholders, we gratefully acknowledge your support and continuing interest. Thank you all for another exceptional year, and we look forward to reporting our progress in 2001!
Sincerely,

James M. Fleetwood, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4

