 Dear Shareholders,
2005 was another year of robust housing construction and demand for building products. Oriented Stand Board (OSB) prices remained strong, but not at the historic levels of the previous year. At the same time, oil-related raw materials prices and all costs related to energy consumption continued to climb. Pricing won this tug-of-war in 2005 and LP® reported earnings for the year of $456 million, or $4.15 per diluted share.
Over the past few years, LP has restructured its businesses and built a very solid balance sheet. We have sharpened our focus to key product lines. 2005 was a year in which we built on this foundation to make LP an even stronger building products company, from our balance sheet to our manufacturing operations, to our LP brand and to the LP organization itself.
investing in efficiency and growth
In 2005, LP invested more than $250 million in capital and joint ventures primarily targeted at reducing costs and increasing capacity in our existing operations, as well as building new capacity.
In November, our Peace Valley OSB joint-venture mill in British Columbia produced its first board. Over one million man-hours went into the construction of the mill, without a single lost-time injury. The new Peace Valley facility will be one of the largest OSB mills in the world, with an annual production capacity of more than 800 million square feet.
To fill the increasing demand for engineered wood products and to reduce our costs, LP invested in a second I-Joist plant in St. Prime, Quebec with our joint venture partner, Abitibi Consolidated. This operation began producing I-Joists in the third quarter.
the conversion of the second Hayward line in mid-2006 to serve this fast growing product opportunity for LP.
“In 2005, LP invested more than $250 million in capital and joint ventures targeted at reducing costs and increasing capacity.”
Prices of oil-related raw materials surged in 2005, causing significant increases in costs for resin, wood, energy and transportation. We were able to pass on some costs through price increases in certain specialty products, but that is not always the case for commodity products such as OSB. Though commodity prices may reflect increased costs over time, in the short term they do not move with changes in production costs. Our capital investment and continuous improvement projects therefore will continue to focus on the constant need to reduce consumption of energy and raw materials through efficiencies in the design and manufacture of our products.
safer oPerations
LP holds the safety of our people as our most important value, so we are especially proud to
report that, in 2005, we continued
our multi-year trend of safety
improvement. It was LP’s safest
year on record, with an OSHA
Total Incident Rate of 1.39, a 40
percent improvement over 2004.
Many of the safest operations also
achieved record production levels.
This is no coincidence. We are convinced that excellent safety and excellent production go hand-in-hand, as the discipline, processes and attention to detail required to stay safe extend to the entire operation. We continue to challenge ourselves to improve with new programs that seek out and eliminate root causes of safety risk, believing that no one should ever get hurt while working at LP.
  Our Hayward,
the conversion of one OSB line to LP SmartSide® composite siding, enabling that plant to produce both OSB and LP SmartSide. We intend to begin
Wisconsin OSB mill completed
 2

 BuiLding on financiaL strength
a stronger organization, a revitaLized strategy
Having begun 2005 with a very strong balance sheet, we are pleased to report that our operating performance allowed us to make significant capital investments, repurchase equity and increase our book value.
Several beneficial changes in tax laws in 2004 allowed LP to lower our 2005 effective tax rate significantly. Under provisions of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, LP repatriated about $517 million from our Canadian operations; as a result, we recorded a reversal of $94 million of deferred tax liabilities. Additionally, we will be entitled to a $9 million manufacturing production deduction, which will save us about $3 million in taxes. These actions, among others, led to a 2005 tax rate of about 10 percent.
“We enter 2006 with an invigorated and strengthened LP organization.”
We continue to carry significant cash and short-term investments on the balance sheet. Our “high class” challenge is how to use this cash for the greatest long- term value creation for shareholders. It is a challenge we take very seriously. In addition to our capital investments in 2005, we repurchased approximately $150 million of LP common stock and increased the dividend to an annual rate of $0.50. Early in 2006, we increased the dividend another 20 percent to an annual rate of $0.60 per share.
Our intent remains to use a substantial portion of our available cash and short-term investments to grow through strategic acquisitions. During 2005, we found no acquisition opportunities that met our criteria of “the right product, at the right time and the right price.” Acquisitions continue to be a key element of our growth strategy – but they must meet these criteria. We must make wise acquisitions that build on our strengths and deliver value to our customers and shareholders. We will be deliberate and patient in this endeavor.
We enter 2006 with an invigorated
and strengthened LP organization.
As is customary with a change in CEO
leadership, the Board of Directors
requested a refreshed strategic
assessment in 2005. The senior
management team spearheaded a
comprehensive effort to review, revitalize and revamp our corporate strategy. This process included a thorough review of each of our businesses, product positioning, channels to market, customer trends and the functional support needed to make it all succeed. The result is an actionable plan with clearly defined strategies, goals, milestones and metrics. The plan is a living document used to continually monitor our progress, not a bookend on a manager’s shelf. The efforts to develop this plan provided a focus that resounds throughout the company.
Growth and profitability, and with them long-term shareholder value, depend on building market share through a clear preference for LP products, supported by the best people in the industry. Our strategic plan is designed to achieve our vision of being a respected, profitable, growing manufacturer of building products, the supplier of choice to customers and the employer of choice to the 5,600 people who make it happen every day.
We are developing an LP corporate culture in support of that vision, emphasizing “one LP” teamwork inside the organization and with our customers. We have renewed our focus on developing people and making LP an “employer of choice” by being a safe, ethical, fun, challenging and rewarding place to build a career. We believe this is the kind of environment that attracts the best people, allows them to grow with LP and produces outstanding business results. To maintain our competitive edge and reach our growth goals, we simply must attract and retain the best and brightest in the industry.
                3

 Looking ahead
transitions
We have budgeted another $275 million in 2006 for further investments in capacity growth and modernization of existing plants. After finishing site preparation, we will begin construction of our new Clarke County, Alabama OSB facility, with completion targeted for late 2007. LP’s international group has made great strides in converting traditional building practices in South America to the use of economical and environmentally-friendly composite wood products. We plan on moving idled OSB equipment to Chile, continuing to grow this and adjacent markets. In addition, our Hayward, Wisconsin mill will undertake conversion of its second production line to LP SmartSide.
Leveraging our strengths in OSB technology and engineered wood products, we are moving ahead with exciting plans to manufacture Oriented Strand Lumber (OSL) at our Houlton, Maine OSB mill in 2007. OSL, an engineered wood product that employs a strand technology similar to OSB, is used in home construction
in place of lumber for such applications as structural beams, tall-wall studs and stair stringers. LP’s entry into the high-growth OSL market complements our current line of engineered wood products, providing our customers a lumber alternative that offers greater strength, higher quality and lower installed cost.
In addition to the numerous capital projects planned for 2006 aimed at offsetting raw materials costs, we are expanding Lean Six Sigma (LSS) as a proven and powerful continuous business improvement approach throughout the company. “Lean” focuses on optimum utilization of assets, including lead time reduction; “Six Sigma” builds a customer-focused culture that drives quality and lower costs through reducing process variation. LSS combines the benefits and power of both strategies. Our siding group has employed LSS for several years with good returns, and we expect similar results from our company-wide LSS efforts.
Two new members were elected to our Board of Directors in 2005. Jake Kerr, Chairman of Lignum Investments Ltd., and Kurt Landgraf, President and CEO of Educational Testing Services and former CFO of E.I. DuPont. We also welcome Ann Harris as Vice President of Human Resources, who will play a critical role in achieving our “employer of choice” vision.
BuiLding sharehoLder vaLue
As we close the books on 2005, we are proud to have achieved strong earnings, while building stronger operations and a revitalized organization with a vision and a clear path to growth. We have made significant investments in efficiency, cost reduction and increased capacity in critical product lines, while reinforcing our balance sheet. LP today is a building products company with committed employees firmly and confidently building value for our customers and for our shareholders.
Finally, to you, our customers, suppliers and shareholders, we extend our gratitude and appreciation for your support of LP.
Sincerely,
Richard W. Frost, CEO E. Gary Cook, Chairman
     4
