 Mark A. Suwyn
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   1
 Dear LP Stakeholders,
The year 2003 was a defining one for Louisiana-Pacific Corporation. Entering it, we faced three daunting tasks. First we had to complete the divestiture process we had started in May 2002 to sell non- core businesses and our timberlands. Second, we had to develop strategic plans and investment programs for the busi- nesses we retained. And finally, we had to aggres- sively begin implement- ing those plans to move the company to a more profitable growth posi- tion. In 2003 we accom- plished all three of these key objectives. We accomplished them while managing through an extraordinarily strong OSB market, markedly
improving our financial position, recording the second-best earnings in the company’s history, and ending the year with almost $1 billion in cash. As a result, LP is on a much stronger trajectory of solid improvement than ever in its history.
Our basic plan in 2003 was to divest businesses we did not feel could be globally competitive and to focus our attention on businesses that could compete, could grow sig- nificantly over the next several years, and where we had technology and know-how to carve out a preferred position. We sold the identified assets on our original timetable, generating total value of more than $750 million versus the $600-700 mil- lion we had originally forecast. The asset sales process is essentially complete, with only a handful of small facilities remaining to be divested.
“LP is on
a much stronger trajectory of solid improve- ment than ever in its history.
In 2003 we developed aggressive plans to grow and improve the competi- tiveness of the businesses we retained. We experi- enced volume growth in all business segments in 2003 and increased net sales over 40 percent with the run-up in com- modity OSB prices, com- bined with strong sales results from our other businesses. Our employ- ees, across the board, performed at outstanding levels in meeting all of these challenges. Their accomplishments are the foundation of our opti- mism for the next several years as we continue to implement our programs. Our Executive Vice Presidents led the charge; they report in this annual review some of the key challenges and accom- plishments in their areas of responsibility.
Competitive advantages don’t come just from hard work. We are also investing in our businesses to improve the cost and product advantages we enjoy. After trimming capital expenditures to about $40 million in 2002, we raised them to approximately $85 mil- lion in 2003 and will increase them more this year. These are high- return investments pro- viding paybacks we can count on. With improved
costs and new products, we are gaining market share the good way – through better service and attractive products.
It was an incredible year for OSB. In 2003, OSB industry capacity was outpaced by strong hous- ing-driven demand, and our operations were able to take full advantage of a record OSB market in the
“The year 2003 was
a defining one for Louisiana- Pacific Corporation.”
second half of the year. Eight of our 14 OSB mills posted record production, and we operated among the safest in the industry. Despite tight wood sup- plies, we maintained a good record of on-time shipping.
Though 2003 was a major OSB story, our specialty businesses also strongly grew their vol- umes and sales as a result of our develop- ment efforts over the past few years. We will continue to build on these successes the next
”

in the future. Sincerely,
  2
 several years. Our SmartSide® family of sid- ing, soffitt and trim prod- ucts really took off, end- ing the year on alloca- tion. We are increasing SmartSide capacity the first part of this year to support further growth. Our decking business established itself in the market during 2003, and we are expanding capaci- ty for this product as well.
Looking ahead, we remain committed to maintaining a conserva- tive financial profile. We worked long and hard to achieve our much- improved financial posi- tion and we will not retreat from it. As Curt Stevens, our CFO, out- lines next, we will protect
“Our
people were confronted with huge challenges and
handled them confidently.”
a position that reflects the cyclical nature of our business. We have rein- stated our dividend to return some of the cash to our shareholders.
I am optimistic about the economic trends affecting LP today. All signs point to a national economy that is steadily improving. Demand for housing is very strong and should remain so despite some inevitable rise in interest rates later this year or next. Overall, the next few years should be posi- tive for the housing and the repair and remodeling markets, and LP’s strong financial position, focused strategy, and efficient operations put us in the ideal position to take full advantage of these trends.
Already 2004 is starting off as another strong year for all of our products, particularly OSB. We are using this strong market period to accelerate our efforts to drive down costs to ensure we remain the low-cost, pre- mier supplier of OSB. In the coming years, you can expect to see results of our brownfield rein- vestment plan in world- class mills with all of our technology in place. Volume growth of our OSB business will come from these reinvestments, as well as from our new Slocan/LP joint venture project.
Having successfully man- aged a major transforma- tion, what kind of compa-
“LP today is an exciting, forward- thinking company.”
ny is LP today? Let me share some observations. LP today is an exciting, for- ward-thinking company. We are a company that realistically manages one of the most volatile prod- uct lines known, OSB. We are demonstrating an ability to grow new, high- er value-added products, and financially we remain appropriately conserva- tive. We are increasingly engineering and science- driven as we create valu- able products to meet our customers’ needs – build- ing products that are eas- ily installed and require little maintenance.
More than ever before, LP is a marketing-orient- ed company. I believe LP is the best in the industry at understanding our cus- tomers and developing the products and services to meet their needs. We are building a new, sophisticated applied research and develop- ment lab near Nashville, TN, and have the R&D budget to fully support it.
Late last year we announced the consolida-
tion of our various regional and corporate headquarters in Nashville. I am happy to report that a high percentage of the employees we asked to join us have agreed to move. We have excellent people and this will main- tain continuity as we work to grow the company.
In closing, I would call 2003 a proof year for all the efforts we have invested to grow our peo- ple, put disciplined processes in place, and boldly take steps to increase shareholder value. Our people were confronted with huge challenges and they han- dled them confidently. Over the past few years they have literally changed the company.
We enter 2004 with great confidence that we can build on all that was accomplished last year to increase that value even further. I salute the efforts of our employees and look forward with great expectations to what they will be able to accomplish

  Curt Stevens,
Executive Vice President,
Administration, and Chief Financial Officer
   Our 2003 financial initia- tives all were aimed at improving LP’s financial flexibility as we contin- ued to build value for our shareholders.
products in order to maintain a continued competitive advantage in a volatile market. We will continue to focus on new product development for our key markets. Finally, where it makes economic sense, we will consider the purchase of strategic facilities or businesses that will enhance our growth.
LP is now a very prof- itable company. With conservative financial management and prudent investments, we are work- ing to assure that LP will remain a profitable, grow- ing player in our industry, in all market conditions, for the long term.
Importantly, we w significant cash to invest in the future financial success and growth of
”
ill have
3
   combined with excellent operations, OSB prof- itability soared. We made solid progress in our two specialty segments, Composite Wood and Plastics Building Products, both of which were profitable from operations. These results allowed us to implement the first phases of a major OSB recapitalization pro- gram, to renegotiate credit agreements on more favorable terms, and to make progress toward reclaiming investment grade ratings. The market took notice of our per- formance – on December 31, 2003, LP’s stock price was $17.88 compared to $8.06 of 12 months earlier.
Entering 2004, LP is finan- cially strong, with over $1 billion of cash (restricted and unrestricted). We intend to use this flexibili- ty to become even stronger. Our first priority use of cash is to maintain an operating cash bal- ance to protect against normal volatility in work- ing capital and cyclical downturns, and as insur- ance against unforeseen events or disruptions in capital markets. We cur- rently estimate that this balance should be about $250 million. This bal- ance is prudent, given the fact that we no longer have the timberlands as a “security blanket.” The
next level of cash use is to further reduce debt by retiring our 2005 matur- ing debt and make an early call on 2008 subor- dinated notes. Combined, this is roughly another
$385 million.
A portion of our
future cash flows
will be returned to
our shareholders
through a $0.05
quarterly dividend
that was reinstated by the Board of Directors at the January 2004 meeting. In addition, LP’s Board of Directors approved a 20- million-share repurchase authorization last November that will be subject to various restric- tions in our debt agree- ments.
“LPisnowa very profitable company.
the company. We will manage capital expendi- tures to achieve a low cost position and increased capacity in key
 We substantially com- pleted our major divesti- ture and asset sales pro- gram, with total value returned to the company in excess of our original estimates. In a year marked by pronounced above-average pricing

   LP’s family of OSB subflooring panels offers builders choice, value and performance.
 4
   Rick Frost,
Executive Vice President, Commodity Products, Procurement and Engineering
There’s good reason to be optimistic about LP’s position in OSB today, and the coming years will see continued improve- ment so that LP remains the world’s premier OSB producer. Our strategy is well thought out and we have the people, the focus, the resources, and the technology to execute it.
It was a good ride in OSB in 2003, starting slow but progressing to record vol- umes and record-high prices. And it was much more than a sensational OSB pricing story. LP took advantage of the strong market with effi- cient operations, record production, strong ship- ping, and a sales force groomed to manage mar- ket volatility.
We executed the first year of our multi-year $250 million reinvest- ment program in OSB. This program will make
“We are
extending the
longevity of
our existing
facilities at
least a
“Cost reduction remains a critical component of our strategy.”
Overall, the OSB business team exited the year a stronger, more capable group.
The 2003 ride did have some bumps. Though masked by high OSB prices, we saw large mar- ket-driven cost increases in wood, resin and binders, energy, and cur- rency exchange. Though these costs were driven by factors outside our con- trol, we must drive them back down as rapidly as the markets will allow.
decade.”
our OSB mills the most cost-effective and pro- ductive anywhere, and extend the longevity of our existing facilities at least a decade.
We pursued improved customer focus and added some of the world’s best talent in OSB manufacturing, technology, and sales.
arating ourselves from the competition on cost. Our brownfield reinvest- ment program in our existing mills will increase efficiencies and reduce product costs. In doing so, it will provide the increased capacity to maintain our current share of the structural panels market. In addi- tion, our new LP/Slocan joint venture should exceed 750 million square feet of added capacity to cover the growth we anticipate from the ongoing substi- tution of OSB for ply- wood. OSB currently makes up 60 percent of the structural panel mar- ket, and we expect the number to grow to 65 percent in the next few years.
Aggressive growth in our value-added products such as flooring, rim- board, and TechShield® radiant-barrier sheathing will also take market share from plywood. And we’ll take advantage of the unique geographic distribution of our mills – a tremendous strategic advantage for LP – to
 We now have in place a well-developed strategy to maintain our position as the number one provider of OSB and to become even stronger.
Our strategy is simple and powerful. Because we participate in a volatile OSB market, cost reduction remains a criti- cal component of our strategy. We intend to turn any market volatility to our advantage by sep-
 
   LP engineered I-Joists provide a quality alternative to solid-sawn lumber.
efficiently get our prod- ucts to customers where they want them, when they want them. In short, we will provide the best delivered value to our customers, with the high quality and consistency people expect from LP.
LP’s Engineered Wood Products business is strategically key to our position as a leading build- ing products supplier. Our immediate goal in this
reducing raw materials costs, and optimizing our product offerings.
Despite the challenges in EWP, we have a number of strengths to build on. Our customers have a positive view of our cus- tomer service and service velocity. We can enhance that strength by deliver- ing products even faster and more reliably, taking advantage of our strong East/West manufacturing platform. We are also counting on the efforts of our new applied research and development center to help develop new products for the market.
LP will drive EWP growth through improved utilization of existing capacity, as well as by identifying opportunities to build or acquire strate- gic capacity. And we’ll continue to take advan- tage of strategic partner- ships such as our very successful Abitibi joint venture. LP is already recognized as a signifi- cant player to independ- ent two-step distributors. Our goal is to be one of the top two players in the engineered wood products market.
The year 2003 was very energizing for the LP folks in OSB, EWP, Supply Management, Engineering, R&D and
Wood Procurement. We’ve tightened our focus on being resource- ful and reliable, with a renewed attitude that says...“Yes, We Can!”
“LP’s EWP business is strategically key to our position as a premier building products supplier.
5
    business is to restore prof- itability. We will continue to lower costs in our facili- ties through greater manu- facturing efficiencies,
“Our customers have a positive view of our customer service and our service velocity.”
”
