    Dear LP Shareholders,
2006 was a year of dramatic change in our marketplace and progress for our company. Emerging from one of the best new housing markets in decades, 2006 began with strong product demand and solid pricing. Demand started to decline in the second quarter and continued to fall throughout the remainder of the year. By the fourth quarter, building activity had dropped to the lowest levels seen in many years, with a consequent drop in both demand and prices. Despite this environment, we are glad to report to you that LP employees continued to achieve successes and build a stronger company.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
LP was profitable in the first three quarters of the year, but a fourth quarter loss lowered annual earnings to $1.17 per share on net sales of $2.2 billion. The greatest impact on our 2006 earnings was the significant decline in OSB prices: on January 6, OSB prices (per thousand square feet, North Central 7/16” basis as reported by Random Lengths) stood at $320, by June 30 had slipped to $208, and by December 29 had declined further to $158. For the year, sales in the OSB segment were down by $348 million and profits were lower by $419 million, with pricing reductions accounting for $390 million of this decline. On the positive side, LP’s TechShield® Radiant Barrier roof sheathing was a bright spot in the OSB business, enjoying 30% growth in the year as escalating fuel prices drove demand for energy-saving products. After a record-setting year in 2005, Engineered Wood Products (EWP) posted its second-best earnings year ever, despite sales and volume downturns in the third and fourth quarters. In our Siding segment, year-over-year volumes of our popular LP SmartSide® and Canexel® lines grew. In addition, our Chilean operations experienced their highest volume and profitability since start-up.
Our Decking business continues to disappoint, producing poor results in a weak and fragmented market for composite decking products across the industry. We also lost a major account in our interior decorative mouldings business, which hurt the results of this consistently profitable business.
Our balance sheet and financial position remain strong. In February, LP increased the quarterly dividend 20% to $0.15 per share. In addition to making major capital investments and paying quarterly dividends, we repurchased two million LP shares, and repaid C$110 million of a C$235 million loan LP Canada arranged in 2005. At year end 2006, cash and investments stood at almost $1.2 billion, with net cash at $837 million. Book value per ending share at December 31, 2006 was $19.84, compared to $19.31 at December 31, 2005.
    
    OPERATIONS
We are very proud to report to you that in 2006 our employees once again achieved a best-ever safety record and established LP as an industry leader in this important area of performance. As we continued to strive for an injury-free workplace, we posted an annual Total Incident Rate (TIR) of 0.94, the first year in LP history we have achieved a company TIR of less than 1.0. Seven facilities and all administrative areas posted zero recordable injuries in 2006. In July, the senior management team was honored to join our Golden, British Columbia EWP employees to celebrate one million injury-free hours, a first for our company and a rare benchmark achievement in our industry or any industry. These remarkable safety results LP employees are achieving reflect the strong values-based culture we are building at LP. We believe that there is no better way to demonstrate teamwork and respect for people than to value an obsessive focus on safety.
We also maintained our strong environmental performance in 2006, with environmental Notices of Violation (NOVs) at a level matching our record year of 2005. Fifteen of our manufacturing sites have operated for more than five years without receiving a single NOV. Nine of LP’s US facilities have qualified for the US Environmental Protection Agency’s rigorous Performance Track program, further reflection of our commitment to the environment. Excellent environmental management leads to lower costs as well. OSB mills, for example, reduced unscheduled downtime due to pollution control equipment outages compared to the previous year. In March, LP also received membership in the FTSE4Good Index Series in the United Kingdom, designed to identify companies that meet globally recognized corporate responsibility standards in such areas as environmental sustainability and positive relationships with stakeholders.
PEOPLE
In 2006, we welcomed a new member to our board of directors when Lizanne Gottung, senior vice president and chief human resources officer at Kimberly-Clark Corporation, was elected to the LP board of directors. To our disappointment, Jake Kerr chose not to stand for reelection at the 2007 annual meeting. His industry expertise was of great value to our board deliberations and he will be sorely missed.
On our Senior Management team, Brian Luoma was appointed vice president and general manager of Engineered Wood Products; and Neil Sherman was promoted to vice president of Procurement, Logistics and Supply. Both Brian and Neil are long-time LP employees with deep company experience. With the retirement of Harold Stanton, we were also fortunate to have Rick Olszewski join the LP team as executive vice president, Specialty Products, Sales and Marketing.
During the year, the LP Foundation, our philanthropic arm, introduced the Community Impact Grant program, a new effort to partner with our plant communities. Our plant sites and employees have long supported local organizations through
    
    volunteerism and donations. The Community Impact Grant program provides additional, one-time grants of up to $100,000 for projects that fit LP values and have significant impact on the communities in which we operate. In 2006, the Foundation awarded grants for such diverse projects as funding school science equipment, building a safer bike trail for children riding to school, upgrading a community center to provide child care, and expanding a local emergency services building. And LP community efforts extend beyond our checkbook. Our large employee involvement in an array of activities garnered us the 2006 Nashville Corporate Philanthropy Program of the Year Award from the Association of Fundraising Professionals.
In 2006, we invested resources in continuous improvement, becoming a Lean Six Sigma (LSS) company. During the year, we trained 16 new Black Belts chosen from current LP employees, and 115 new Green Belts. Using LSS tools, teams identified and tackled a wide variety of projects ranging from manufacturing processes to invoicing. First-year LSS results exceeded our expectations, both in the quality of projects and return on investment. We expect more of the same from LSS in 2007 and beyond, and are engaging greater numbers of people in process improvement and cost-out projects. By mid-year 2007, we should have a total of 34 Black Belts, and plan to train an additional 200 Green Belts in 2007, further infusing LSS into the culture as a powerful approach to lowering costs, eliminating waste and improving processes.
STRATEGY
LP continued to execute our strategic growth plans during the year, investing in manufacturing facilities, in new products, in building our markets and brands, and as always, in employee development. In jesting words, but with serious intent, we have referred to this approach as LP’s “salmon strategy” of swimming upstream against a declining market. With the benefit of a strong balance sheet and a management team experienced in these cycles, we are deliberately approaching this market differently from previous downturns. Instead of hunkering down and waiting for the markets to return, we are focused on growing share, building stronger customer relationships, and promoting LP’s position as a long-term leader in the building products industry. We are putting additional manufacturing capacity in each of our successful product lines.
LP invested $240 million in capital during 2006 for the construction of new mills, modernization of current facilities and conversion of aging plants to new product lines. Our Peace Valley OSB joint venture in British Columbia ramped up well during the year with top-quality products. Construction continued on the Clarke Country, Alabama OSB mill with start-up planned by the end of 2007. Expanding on the success of our Chilean operation, we also began construction of a second facility in Lautaro, Chile, which will incorporate equipment dismantled and transported from previously closed and mothballed sites. To keep pace with the rapid growth of LP TechShield Radiant Barrier, we added production capability of this energy-saving product at our OSB mills in Dawson Creek, British Columbia and Silsbee, Texas.
    
    As part of our strategy to convert older OSB mills to the production of higher value- in-use specialty products, our Hayward, Wisconsin mill just completed conversion of its second line to LP SmartSide production. In addition, in September the senior management team joined LP employees, local community members and Maine Governor John Baldacci to break ground on a new Oriented Strand Lumber (OSL) facility being constructed on our Houlton, Maine site. The OSL project builds on LP’s expertise in wood strand technology, transforming an older OSB facility with a sustainable wood supply and an excellent workforce into a mill at the forefront of LP’s future. At an investment of more than $100 million, this facility will expand our engineered wood offering into OSL products, used as a lumber substitute for such applications as tall-wall studs, headers, and stair stringers. To further support growth in EWP, we also obtained marketing rights to additional LVL capacity being constructed on the West Coast, scheduled to come on line early in 2008.
When LP moved our headquarters to Nashville in 2004, we chose a downtown location affording a fine view of the Tennessee capitol, the Cumberland River, and the Tennessee Titans football stadium across the river. At that time, we would never have predicted our name would be on that stadium, which LP and the Titans christened “LP Field” in June. Securing NFL stadium naming rights for 10 years was a new step forward in marketing for LP, part of our strategic initiative to increase brand awareness and customer preference for LP products. LP Field has provided a unique venue for building relationships with customers, as well as a wonderful opportunity for supporting philanthropic efforts in Nashville and other NFL communities. Throughout the process, the Titans have been a first-class organization to work with in every way. We look forward to a long-term, mutually rewarding relationship, with this effort serving as a centerpiece of our brand-building efforts.
In last year’s letter, we noted we had not found any acquisition candidates that met our criteria of “right business, right time, right price.” We spent considerable effort evaluating possible candidates in 2006, but did not find an acquisition that we believed would build shareholder value. Strategic acquisition remains a priority use for our cash balance and we will continue to explore such opportunities within the context of a reduced housing start environment and the resulting expectation of reduced values.
PERSPECTIVES ON THE ROAD AHEAD
No one is predicting anything other than a tough year for building products demand in 2007. Though we believe solid economic and demographic underpinnings exist for residential building over the long term, the strong building activity of the last several years has resulted in an excess inventory of newly constructed homes which must be sold. In this down market, LP faces tough competition in all of our product lines. No competitor wants to lose share or give ground in the marketplace. We believe we are well positioned to fare well in this competitive environment.
    
    We will be neither so bold nor so foolish as to predict when the market will turn, but as the market absorbs the excess new home inventory, demand for building products will inevitably pick up. Our non-OSB segments should be the first LP businesses to feel positive effects of market recovery. Improvement in OSB results may lag, since OSB faces the added stiff challenge of a significant amount of new capacity entering the market. Although we anticipate a tough year for earnings in 2007, by no means are we discouraged. We have purposefully built a balance sheet that gives us staying power in these conditions, and we are optimistic about what we can accomplish during these tough times. While being prudent on the cost side, we view 2007 as a “set-up” year for LP—a time to gain share, put capacity in place to service increased share when building heats up again, as well as a time to continue improving processes, reducing costs, and developing our people.
FINAL THOUGHTS
Our simple and straightforward vision statement remains an important guide and compass to keep us on course. It reminds us who we are, what we do, and why and how we do it. Every day that goes by, the people of LP look to the vision to help steer their actions and decisions:
LP will be a respected, profitable and growing manufacturer of building products
That is the supplier of choice because of our quality products and reliable services, and
The employer of choice because we are a safe, ethical, fun, challenging and rewarding place to work.
We are proud of our senior management team for adopting and demonstrating strong values, and gratified that LP employees are embracing these values. We are working together to build an environment where integrity and safety hold the highest place, where people are respected for what they bring to the game, where teamwork and generosity are embraced, and continuous improvement is expected and rewarded. These are the LP values that will drive quality products, reliable service, strong customer relationships, and in the end, strong returns that you, our shareholders, expect and deserve.
Sincerely,
Richard W. Frost, CEO
E. Gary Cook, Chairman
      