 Dear LP Shareholders,
LP had a strong year in 2016 as we continued to implement strategies across all business segments to further our drive toward accelerating growth and embedding innovation into our product offerings. Our success and performance in 2016 was especially encouraging in light of the continuing tepid housing recovery with starts increasing by less than 5 percent.
Sales for the year were $2.2 billion, an 18 percent increase over last year. Income from continuing operations was $150 million or $1.03 per diluted share compared to a loss of $86 million or $0.60 per diluted share in 2015. 2016 adjusted EBITDA was $346 million compared to $67 million in 2015.
2016 Achievements
In 2016, the soundness of our strategy and disciplined execution led to many highlights and achievements – all in the context of transitioning our company from a forest products company to a building products company.
At LP, it all starts with safety. We ended 2016 with a Total Incident Rate (TIR) of 0.39. 2016 was the eleventh straight year with a TIR below 1.0, including six of the last seven years below 0.50. This is truly remarkable and only possible because everyone at LP embraces safety as a core value.
In our OSB business, sales prices were up 25 percent, while sales volumes were up 3 percent and adjusted EBITDA rose to $246 million from $12 million in 2015. We saw the successful startup of an LP FlameBlock® Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing line at our Clarke County, Ala., mill. The new production line helps us meet the growing demand in single-family, multi-family and light commercial construction markets for fire-rated OSB sheathing.
In our siding business, sales were up 18 percent and adjusted EBITDA was up 36 percent compared with 2015 due to higher volumes, lower raw materials costs and improved operating costs. With the successful conversion of our Swan Valley mill to siding production, our sales and marketing teams were able to increase volume in our LP SmartSide® siding by 16 percent.
During 2016, we completed the exchange with Norbord of their former OSB mill in Val-d’Or, Quebec for our former OSB mill in Chambord, Quebec. In addition, we acquired property in Cook, Minnesota. These transactions are part of our strategy to increase siding capacity, an area of the business that has delivered consistent and profitable sales growth over the past decade.
In our EWP business, we continued to improve with a record year in LSL/LVL, improved adjusted EBITDA and the implementation of a dealer direct strategy to move our products closer to the customer.
We had another strong year in South America with a 45 percent increase in adjusted EBITDA. We started the construction of our third mill in Chile to meet growing demand in that market.
During 2016, we significantly enhanced our balance sheet ending the year with $659 million in cash and cash equivalents. We also simplified our balance sheet by collapsing the long-standing timber notes resulting in the release of $41 million in cash. Additionally, we refinanced our debt, giving us four additional years of runway and reducing our annual interest expense by $9 million.
Transitions
In November, the LP Board of Directors appointed Executive Vice President Brad Southern to the newly created position of chief operating officer for the purpose of implementing an orderly management succession

plan. We are pleased to have Brad in this position as his experience in leading both the siding and OSB businesses will be invaluable as we continue to take advantage of an improving housing market. In January, Brad named Jason Ringblom to the position of EVP & GM of OSB and Neil Sherman to EVP & GM Siding while Mike Sims, SVP of Sales, Marketing and Strategy, assumed responsibility for our EWP business.
During 2016, we added two new directors to our board: Tracey Embree, President of the Cummins Component Group and Ozey Horton Jr., a former Managing Director at McKinsey. Tracey and Ozey bring a breadth of experience in operations, mergers, acquisitions and strategy development and implementation to our board and we are looking forward to their contributions.
We also make note of the upcoming retirement of Colin Watson, Dan Frierson and John Weaver from our Board of Directors. Their many years of service to LP has been invaluable and greatly appreciated.
Future Outlook
The forecasted demand for our products, the challenges faced by builders and emerging construction trends all present opportunities for growth and innovation by LP.
Looking ahead, the consensus for 2017 housing activity now stands at about 1.26 million, an 8 percent increase over last year. We should see continued increases in housing starts beyond 2017 driven by increasing household formations, more and better jobs and wage growth.
Our performance this past year underscores the fact that the fundamentals of our business remain strong. In addition to a growing housing market, we continue to implement our targeted segment strategy to address retail demand, repair and remodeling, non-residential structures and industrial applications.
We’re excited about 2017 and believe it will be even better for our company, our employees and shareholders than 2016.
Sincerely,
E. Gary Cook Chairman
Curt Stevens
Chief Executive Officer
  