Dear LP Shareholder:
2009 was a tough, tough year in which nothing came easily—we are glad to have it behind us. With housing starts down 39 percent compared to the prior year, at their lowest levels in decades, we focused our attention single-mindedly on preserving our cash and improving our liquidity positions. LP’s actions to refinance, reduce costs, and improve operations all contributed to a much stronger balance sheet at the end of 2009.
Despite the significant reduction in housing starts in 2009, LP reduced losses considerably compared to 2008. We reported a net loss of $121 million, or $1.12 per share compared to a loss of $579 million or $5.62 per share in 2008. Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations for 2009 was calculated at a loss of $44 million compared to a loss of $155 million in 2008, an improvement of more than 70 percent.
Stronger Balance Sheet
LP entered 2009 with $215 million in cash and cash equivalents, short and long term investments and restricted cash. We identified $126 million of this as “available cash” (total cash reduced by the carrying value of auction rate securities and restricted cash).
At year end, we had $440 million in cash, $394 million of which constituted available cash by the same definition—an increase of $268 million.
Net cash from 2009 financing activities, including the March senior secured note issuance and September equity offering, offset by some bond repurchases, totaled $116 million. Additionally, LP sold a portion of our auction rate securities portfolio for $21 million, and released an additional $58 million in restricted cash now available for use. Though short of our expectations, we did generate $8 million in asset sales.
More important for our ongoing cost structure, each of our segments improved operations significantly in 2009 as measured by adjusted EBITDA: an increase of 72% in OSB; 14% in EWP, and 102% in Siding. Our operations in Chile were profitable in the year.
We reduced inventories across the system 26%, releasing $50 million in cash, held capital expenditures for the year to $10 million, and reduced selling and administrative expenses 19% by $27 million. In the fourth quarter, we made the decision to permanently close our curtailed OSB facilities in Silsbee, Texas and Athens, Georgia.
Achievements in Adversity; Employees Go the Distance
LP has endured a long period of tough market conditions, suffering closed mills, layoffs, reductions in income and benefits, stalled expansion plans, and austere budget cuts. It has been hard, sometimes discouraging work. Our people have made sacrifices and put some aspirations on hold. Yet they are still standing and fighting. LP’s experienced senior management team remains intact, and our employees are pressing forward.
Having earned a TIR of 0.67 in 2009, LP once again turned in the best safety performance ever, and remains the safest company in our industry. Forty percent of our mills reported zero recordable incidents for the year as we continued to make strides toward our goal of no one getting hurt working at our company.
In 2009, we launched the “LP by Me” quality program across the company. Our mill employees have wholehearted embraced this effort, which focuses on each individual’s responsibility, tight processes, and training to ensure that our products are made right, our service is top notch and we meet our customers’ expectations every time.

Lean Six Sigma (LSS) teams continued to deliver outstanding returns on investment in 2009 – 7.5 to 1— while providing hundreds of employees opportunities to contribute and learn new skills outside of their regular jobs.
Finally, our outstanding sales force continued to win new customers and new product placements. Despite adverse conditions, LP gained market share in both Siding and specialty OSB products; Siding was especially successful in retail markets, an achievement we intend to build upon.
These efforts and successes, along with the extraordinary talent and commitment our employees bring to LP, will position us well as business slowly picks up again.
Staying Power, with a Continued Focus on EBITDA in 2010
LP emerges from the crucible of 2009 in a much stronger cash position, with a leaner cost structure and lower cash burn rate, all of which provide LP staying power to meet the challenges these unsettled markets may present over the next several years.
We are somewhat more optimistic than we were a year ago, and believe the market has turned from the bottom. Homebuilding demand continues to be constrained by lingering foreclosures, slow home appreciation, persistent high unemployment and tight credit. We are, however, seeing more favorable signs emerge for the longer term: affordability in many areas stands at the highest level in years, consumer confidence is inching higher, interest rates remain low, and demographic trends still bode well for household formation. All things considered, we believe the housing market will ebb and flow over the next several quarters as it slowly improves.
Expecting only modest market improvements in 2010, LP will focus on generating positive EBITDA, maintaining our disciplined approach to cash management and operating costs, while balancing our capacity with immediate customer needs. Capital expenditures will be held to under $25 million.
While cash management remains a key focus and priority to outlast this recession, we are preparing for better times. Our three business segments and our South American operations provide strong growth potential. LP is vigorously pursuing market share with reinvigorated efforts on quality, customer service and offerings such as the recently introduced FlameBlockTM fire-rated OSB sheathing and our popular SmartSide® products. After losing a year to the world economic crisis, we are looking forward to renewing our efforts in Brazil to convert homebuilding practices to the use of wood products, a model we have implemented very successfully in Chile.
We thank you, our shareholders, along with our customers and employees, for your support and confidence through these difficult times. Better times are ahead, and we will be prepared to benefit from them.
Rick Frost, CEO
Gary Cook, Chairman
  