Dear LP Shareholder,
The economy dealt the building products industry another difficult hand in 2010: U.S. housing starts totaled about 640,000, up just 6 percent from 2009,** a mere 28 percent of the peak in 2005.
It was a long year with ups and downs in manufacturing as LP adjusted to a market that was fairly active the first five months of the year, and then slowed in the remaining seven months. We believe, in hindsight, that this was caused by the tax incentive for home buyers in the U.S., which pulled much of the housing activity into the front half of the year.
In the end, we believe LP played the cards the market handed us in 2010 about as well as we could and didn’t leave a lot on the table.
We cut our loss from operations to $8 million, compared to a loss in 2009 of $133 million. Despite a virtually flat market, LP brought in net sales of $1.4 billion, up almost 30 percent from 2009 sales of $1.1 billion. We strengthened siding sales, grew in an improving repair and remodel segment, and further penetrated markets outside of North America.
Cash Preservation, Improvements in Adjusted EBITDA
LP maintained a focus on cash preservation throughout 2010. We started the year with $394 million in cash and cash equivalents. We held capital spending to less than $15 million and, after paying off $60 million of our public debt as it matured and adding $10 million to our pension funds, we ended 2010 with $389 million in cash and cash equivalents.
Adjusted EBITDA improved by more than $120 million over 2009, a testament to operational improvements and outstanding execution by our sales force. OSB, Siding, EWP, and South America business segments each improved operations as measured by adjusted EBITDA for the year.
Sales growth in a lackluster market
LP increased sales from about $1.1 billion in 2009 to almost $1.4 billion in 2010. Especially encouraging was the growth in LP’s SmartSide® siding and our value-added OSB products despite the weak housing market.
Over the last several years as we have competed to maintain and gain market share in a challenging market, we have been tracking every market “win.” We define a “win” as a product placement with a new customer or an additional product placement with a current customer. In 2010, our sales force brought home 1,980 hard-fought wins. These penetrations should provide LP good leverage as the housing market eventually rebounds.
Operational Excellence
Tight markets demand tight operations. In 2010, LP upped the ante in safety, cost savings through our Lean Six Sigma efforts, and quality.
Safety
LP’s people achieved the best safety results in our history again in 2010. At a Total Incident Rate (TIR) of 0.44 for the company – including Chile – we believe we led the industry in safety. Only 16 of almost 4,000 employees experienced a recordable incident during the year as we worked toward our ultimate safety goal of no one getting injured while working at LP. In fact, more than half of our plants remained completely injury free through 2010 and the entire company worked the months of February, June and December with zero injuries.

Lean Six Sigma
We continued to see excellent returns from our Lean Six Sigma (LSS) program, which completed its fourth year as a corporate initiative. With more than 1,000 LP people participating in continuous improvement projects, LSS project teams achieved 6.3-to-1 returns over costs in 2010, helping to offset raw material increases in the year. In the energy-saving arena alone, 47 separate LSS improvement projects saved about $2.5 million in energy consumption.
LP by Me – Quality of Product and Service
LP initiated the “LP by Me – Made Here. Made Right” program, which enlists every employee in assuring the quality of LP products, in 2009. We saw very encouraging results from this effort as it continued through 2010, evidenced by reduced product claims since the effort began. Building on the concept, in 2010 we began the customer-facing phase of the initiative, “LP by Me – Customer Focused. Service Driven,” focused on improving quality of service and the entire LP customer experience. It is based on our principle that everyone at LP is responsible for providing a consistent, quality customer experience.
Segment Progress
Oriented Strand Board (OSB) operated at about 65 percent of its currently available capacity, or 50 percent of total capacity including the now indefinitely curtailed Chambord and Clarke County sites. The focus in this product line is low-cost manufacturing while producing to our customers’ needs. Additionally, we aim to grow value-added OSB products. The OSB business had an adjusted EBITDA in 2010 of $64 million, compared to a $29 million loss in 2009.
Engineered Wood Products (EWP), the business most heavily dependent on new residential construction, operated at about 35 percent of its capacity in 2010; sales were up 22 percent from the prior year. Our Laminated Strand Lumber (LSL) product, manufactured in Houlton, Maine, continued to penetrate the market, albeit slowly, under current weak market conditions. On the positive side, international sales, mainly to Australia, helped EWP financial performance improve year over year. Adjusted EBITDA losses in EWP were cut from $20 million in 2009 to $8 million in 2010.
Our Siding business had a much improved year financially in spite of the economy, with encouraging growth of our SmartSide products in the retail sector and shed markets. Sales increased by 13 percent from the prior year, and the adjusted EBITDA for the business was $70 million compared to $48 million in 2009.
In our South American businesses (Brazil and Chile), OSB has clearly become an accepted building material in Chile and we believe it has a similar opportunity in Brazil. Both of our mills in Chile ended the year running at full capacity. Our mill in Brazil improved to 50 percent of its productive capacity in the year, and we began efforts to penetrate the homebuilding market. Both Chile and Brazil were cash contributors in 2010; we expect to complete the acquisition of the remaining 25 percent of our Brazil mill in 2011.
LP People
We cannot say enough about the commitment and perseverance of LP people through these challenging times in our industry. As noted in our safety, quality and LSS results, they continue to forge ahead to improve our operations and our products. Our sales and marketing people compete tenaciously every day to find new opportunities, build on existing relationships, and make the most of what this difficult market has to offer.
In 2010, we also added a new member to our board of directors, John Weaver, former executive chairman of AbitibiBowater Inc.
A Look Ahead
In 2010, we updated the LP strategy with the support of our board of directors. With only nominal capital needs, we have the capacity in front of each business to grow significantly as the housing market returns.

We continue to face the substantial headwinds of unemployment, credit availability, foreclosures, and falling homes prices, all of which affect consumer confidence. At this point in 2011, we are forecasting about 700,000 housing starts (including single family, multi-family and manufactured housing). Most forecasters see housing slowly recovering beginning in the second half of 2011 and returning to underlying demand of about 1.5 million annual starts by 2014.
In 2011, LP will focus on those areas we can control: cash preservation and costs, improvements in efficiency, and keeping our workforce safe. We will focus on further market penetration of LP products and holding on to the gains we’ve made, and we will continue to improve the quality of our products and our customers’ experience. We will continue to respect the environment and the communities in which we operate our facilities.
All of these efforts will benefit LP, our customers and our shareholders as the housing market makes a slow recovery.
Rick Frost, CEO
Gary Cook, Chairman
** Source: APA December 2010. Includes single family, multifamily, and manufacturing housing
  