Dear LP Shareholder:
2008 proved to be a very difficult year for the housing industry, the building products sector, LP, the US financial system, and the global economy. Homebuilding as well as repair and remodeling activity declined each successive month throughout the year. With the onset of the financial crisis in September, this activity slowed to a crawl. This caused LP to reduce production in all our product lines to adapt to greatly reduced customer demand and drastically cut operating costs to better match the size we expect the company to be during this housing downturn and economic recession.
In the third quarter of 2008, as it became apparent that the depth and duration of the housing downturn was going to be unprecedented, LP was forced to change operating strategy. Until then, our strategy had been to use our considerable resources and strong balance sheet to “power through” what was expected to be an historically typical short and modest dip in housing, and come out the other side ahead of our competition. At the beginning of 2008, we chose to complete our capital program, provide full resources to sales and marketing activities, remain in an offensive posture, and use the downturn to take share. While these activities were successful, it will take a significant housing recovery to realize the financial return on these investments.
Once we decided to shift to a more defensive posture in the second half of 2008, we did so rapidly and well. LP executed a large number of moves in the third and fourth quarters of 2008 to preserve cash and significantly improve our operating results for 2009 and beyond.
Managing Cash
In August 2008, LP suspended its dividend, which had consumed $31 million of cash in the first half of 2008. We indefinitely curtailed three more OSB mills, which should improve 2009 operating results by about $30 million. Capital expenditure and investment plans were reduced from about $160 million spent in 2008 to a minimal $15 million to $20 million annually for 2009 and 2010. In the fourth quarter, we executed a significant “right-sizing” of personnel and a cash conservation initiative that should reduce costs another $40 million.
Two areas of cash usage have turned in our favor: raw materials costs and the Canadian dollar exchange rate. First, with the drop in energy-related prices, we expect a positive impact of about $40 million based on our projected volume for 2009. Second, LP operates significant production in Canada, so for each 1 cent change in the Canadian exchange rate, our bottom line moves about $2 million. In 2008, Canadian-to-US dollar exchange averaged $0.96 and we are planning for 2009 at $ 0.85. That has the potential of a favorable impact of $20 million. Another positive year-to-year cash usage comparison is the fact that we incurred $50 million in legal settlements in 2008 that will not repeat in 2009.
These actions, changes and improvements add up to about $350 million in expected reduced cash consumption from 2008 to 2009.
In addition, while not affecting our cash position, our 2008 earnings were dramatically reduced because of asset adjustments required by accounting rules. The two most significant were a $274 million write-off of goodwill related to acquisitions made in 1999, and a $119 million write-down of market value in illiquid auction- rate securities due to mark-to-market accounting rules.

Employees Share the Burden
2008 was a very difficult year for LP employees. Most of our production facilities experienced intermittent running schedules and many of our employees had to make do with short hours and decreased pay. We have now indefinitely curtailed the OSB mills in Silsbee, Texas; Chambord, Quebec; Athens, Georgia; Clarke County, Alabama; and Lautaro, Chile. In our “right-sizing” effort we said goodbye to more than 200 salaried employees. We made the decision to pay no bonuses for 2008, freeze pay in 2009 for all salaried employees and suspend the 401(k) company matching contribution for 2009.
2008 Accomplishments in a Tough Environment
Despite the difficult times, there are some significant accomplishments in 2008 that should not go unnoticed. We completed the safest year in our history with a Total Incident Rate (TIR) of just 0.78. We had no Notices of Violation (environmental excursions) at any of our operating facilities. Each of those accomplishments will save the company cash for years to come, and credit our reputation. Further, with about 1,000 employees participating, the Lean Six Sigma teams provided a 5.2-to-1 return on investment and yielded savings to the company in excess of $15 million.
Although ill-timed with economic conditions, LP introduced LP® SolidStart® LSL (Laminated Strand Lumber) to the market in 2008. Zinc borate was successfully added to our hardboard siding line, improving its performance and desirability in the marketplace. And we counted more than 1,500 “wins”—new placements of our products with customers—and increased the usage of LP products per housing start.
We completed the purchase of 75 percent of the Ponta Grossa, Brazil OSB mill and we now operate all the OSB mills in South America. Finally, in December, we paid down about $125 million in debt, resulting in a 2009 balance sheet with less than $250 million of long-term debt, excluding limited recourse debt.
Managing for the Times Ahead
In 2009, under very difficult economic conditions and with only about 600,000 US housing starts expected, we will focus all our attention on preserving our cash and liquidity positions. We will produce product only when the sale makes sense from a cash perspective; we cannot afford to operate our mills and lock up cash in logs or in finished product that is not selling. Working capital will be held at minimum levels. Great flexibility will be required from our operations while we are in this trough.
At the time of this writing, we have just successfully completed several financing transactions, a $375 million senior secured note offering that matures in 2017 and a $100 million asset based lending facility. With the proceeds from the note offering, the company retired a bit over $125 million of our 2010 senior notes, and added about $140 million to our cash. These financings, though relatively costly, will augment the cost saving actions already taken to give us the liquidity to endure the current severe downturn.
For housing to rebound, we believe five factors must improve. We must see 1) favorable mortgage rates; 2) an ebb in mortgage foreclosures; 3) reduction in unemployment; 4) stabilization of home prices; and 5) reduction in excess inventory of new and existing homes. Two of these factors are showing progress: mortgage rates are attractive for those who have good credit and a down payment, the number of new homes for sale has declined over the last year and the number of existing homes for sale has also recently declined. The remaining three factors will take some time to work through.

In closing, 2008 was a complicated economic year for our country. LP’s shareholders, employees and customers were not spared the difficulties. The actions taken in the second half of 2008 and the actions we are taking now will greatly improve our 2009 and 2010 results. With the recent completion of the financing transactions, LP will be well positioned to sustain the rest of this downturn and emerge for the rebound. Finally, thank you for being shareholders in LP and know that every LP employee is dedicated to first restoring, then building value for you.
Sincerely,
Rick Frost, CEO
Gary Cook, Chairman
  