 Dear LP Shareholders,
Though many positive achievements in the year set us up well for an improving housing market, LP’s financial results for 2014 were disappointing amid the significant fall in OSB prices and the lower- than-expected growth in housing at about 9 percent for the year.
Total sales for the year were $1.9 billion, 7 percent lower than 2013, with a loss from continuing operations of $73 million, or $0.52 per diluted share for the year. For the year, adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations was $44 million, compared to $330 million in the previous year.
2014 Accomplishments
Our market presence and customer relationships became stronger despite slow growth in North American housing construction. 2014 saw record production and shipment of LP SmartSide® products, as well as higher LVL / LSL, I-joist and OSB shipments that matched market growth.
We are very pleased to report that in 2014, LP had remarkable safety performance. We ended the year with a total incident rate (TIR) of 0.35, the lowest in LP history and the ninth year in a row below a 1.0 TIR rate. These industry-leading results are only possible because everyone at LP embraces safety as our No. 1 value.
Quality performance of our existing products was outstanding, with extremely low claim rates. The exception to this was ongoing activity related to LP CanExel® in Europe, which can largely be attributed to a specific geographic area and time period.
The sales organization took on the challenge of enhancing relationships with customers and the entire channel. While this is an effort that will never be finished, we believe that our sales organization is better integrated and more aligned and responsive to our customers than ever.
In 2014, LP implemented a new ERP system throughout North America, which we rate as a success despite a tough first few months. Our employees soldiered through to stabilize and enhance the system with the typical LP can-do spirit. We met all compliance deadlines, booked orders, shipped products, collected cash, issued purchase orders, paid vendors and employees, set and managed production schedules, analyzed sales and started to fine-tune our reporting. We are learning just how powerful a management tool this system will be for LP, and know our investment will pay back handsomely as we continue to make improvements and integrate ERP into the way we do business every day.
LP continued to invest in growth in the year, though we were disappointed that our bid to acquire Ainsworth was thwarted by the governmental regulators. We increased the capacity at our Tomahawk siding mill by more than 50 percent, rebuilt the press at Roxboro and completed significant capital projects at many other facilities — all without a single contractor injury. We also made the decision to convert our Swan Valley, Manitoba OSB mill to siding to fill the increasing demand for this popular product, and began the planning process for this conversion.
In addition, LP started an ambitious effort in 2014 to accelerate growth both within the housing market and beyond; we contracted with an outside firm to help us install a robust growth and innovation capability into LP and have established teams within each business to catalyze this growth. The teams have undertaken extensive
LOUISIANA-PACIFIC CORPORATION
414 Union St., Suite 2000 Nashville, TN 37219 T 615.986.5600 F 615.986.5666 WWW.LPCORP.COM
 
market mapping to determine where opportunities may lie and have developed a myriad of hypotheses on “laneways” (project speak for pathways) where we can increase growth. We have already begun market testing these ideas. We have also identified product “adjacencies,” extensions that can expand our current offerings and scope. Exciting work is being done, with more to come in 2015 and beyond.
All of these efforts have helped to establish a solid foundation at LP from which we can accelerate growth beyond just the recovery in the housing market (which will happen!).
2015 Focus
Housing starts in 2014 fell well short of the consensus forecast. For 2015 we will once again plan on about a 10 percent increase in housing starts, about one-half of the growth forecast by the economists.
We are seeing some positive signs that housing activity will continue to improve, including higher consumer confidence driven by low energy prices, job and wage growth, actions taken by the U.S. government to lower the cost and increase the availability of mortgages, and better outlook for jobs. We notice optimism from all facets of the housing industry that these developments should make it easier for first-time homebuyers, who are so crucial to new construction, to enter the market.
LP recently announced internal management changes in our executive leadership with the retirement of Rick Olszewski, EVP Sales, Marketing and South America and, later in the year, of Jeff Wagner, EVP OSB. While we are sorry to lose two very talented executives, we were very pleased that we have internal people to fill these roles because of our deep bench of management talent at LP and our strong succession planning process. Effective March 1, Mike Sims will assume the role of SVP Sales and Marketing, Brad Southern will take Jeff’s position as EVP OSB, and Brian Luoma will fill Brad’s job as EVP of our Siding group. Neil Sherman will take over as SVP of our Engineered Wood Products (EWP) group. We look forward to a smooth transition and to working with the newly configured team.
As always, in 2015, our No. 1 priority is the safety of employees and contractors, followed by “doing the right thing.” We believe our strong culture of safety and ethical behavior is why people want to work for and do business with LP.
We have an aggressive capital investment program in place for 2015, with about $130 million slated for projects. Of particular strategic importance is the conversion of Swan Valley to siding. This project is on an aggressive schedule to be producing early in the fourth quarter to meet the strong demand for our SmartSide products. In Chile, we have been selling out capacity for many years and it is time to expand to further growth there, as well as to provide product to other South American countries. If all goes according to plan, we will begin construction in the second half of this year. There are many other 2015 capital projects across businesses that will ensure the long term viability of our production assets plus provide additional capabilities to serve our customers.
After bringing in new tools for growth and innovation in 2014, the work we are embarking upon in 2015 is to institutionalize the growth process and increase the rate of success. We look forward to sharing the successes with you in the months ahead.
While the basic capabilities are installed and working, we will take our ERP system to the next level in 2015 with the continued maturation of the Center of Excellence (COE) and extensive user training to allow us to take advantage of the existing system, as well as exploring additional capabilities.
We are extremely proud and pleased with LP’s Building Leaders and Foundation for Building Leaders leadership and supervisory training programs, which will continue in 2015. In addition, our Lean Six Sigma (LSS) program continues to bring operational improvements and excellent financial returns to LP.
We are confident that with a slightly recovering housing market, continued growth in other segments, continued improvement in our cost structure and better OSB pricing, LP’s improved financial performance will follow.

While we would always like housing to recover more quickly, we are pleased with our positioning in the market and we stand ready to serve the increased housing market activity.
Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
E. Gary Cook Chairman
Curt Stevens
Chief Executive Officer
  