 Dear LP Shareholders,
2015 was another tough year, mainly because OSB prices were below everyone’s expectations. Despite that, we were able to make the best of what the market gave us. With a strong balance sheet, we enter 2016 focused on taking advantage of what a growing market brings.
Sales for the year were $1.9 billion, relatively flat compared to 2014, with a loss from continuing operations of $86 million, or $0.60 per diluted share compared to a loss of $73 million or $0.52 per diluted share for 2014.
2015 adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations was $67 million compared to $44 million the previous year, an improvement of 52 percent. We were hurt by a $57.5 million negative impact to both sales and EBITDA due to lower OSB prices, but we were able to benefit from lower raw materials costs and a favorable Canadian exchange rate.
2015 Accomplishments
It is our custom to start every meeting and communication with safety. That safety is the core value within LP is demonstrated by our safety performance. We ended 2015 with a Total Incident Rate (TIR) of 0.47. 2015 was the tenth straight year that LP had a TIR below 1.0. We again were recognized by the APA as the safest company in our industry. More important than the recognition is the fact that so few LP employees get hurt on the job with our goal being zero injuries.
In our OSB business, selling price decreased 7 percent, while sales volumes increased 2 percent and adjusted EBITDA rose to $12 million for the year compared to $4 million in 2014. We reacted to lower sales prices by holding our sales volumes at the same level. We had lower production but made up the difference by reducing inventories. As a reminder, we converted our Swan Valley, Manitoba OSB mill to siding in the second half of the year.
We had the most profitable year ever in our Siding business, with a 16 percent increase in EBITDA despite absorbing about a $10 million cost in the second half of the year associated with the Swan Valley mill due to the mill’s conversion and market related downtime. With a highly successful and timely conversion, Swan is now producing LP® SmartSide® Siding and we have unleashed our salesforce to return us to the Siding growth rates we’ve demonstrated in the past.
Our EWP business recorded an adjusted EBITDA of almost $6 million in 2015, compared to breakeven results in 2014.
In South America, we had another strong year, although results reflect the significant weakening of the Chilean peso and Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar. With government approval of our environmental permit for a third mill in Chile, we expect our board to approve the project and construction to begin this summer. This is good news, as we are in a sold out position in Chile, where demand for our products is strong, and we are seeing improving economies in South America, particularly in Argentina and Columbia.
LOUISIANA-PACIFIC CORPORATION
414 Union St., Suite 2000 Nashville, TN 37219 T 615.986.5600 F 615.986.5666 WWW.LPCORP.COM
 
Housing Market Outlook
The news for the housing market continues to be positive, though growth has not been as strong as forecasted. The February 17, 2016 U.S. Census housing data came in at 1.1 million annualized starts, with permits higher at 1.2 million.
Other signs of a strengthening market include significantly higher household formation in 2015 than the last few years, a trend we hope means that millennials are finally on the move into their own homes. Median home prices for the year were up 7.6 percent, and December marked the 46th consecutive month of year-over-year gains. Total housing inventory for sale is lower than a year ago, and average mortgage rates remain affordable, at below 4 percent for most of the last two months. Further, unemployment continued to drop in 2015 and average earnings increased.
Looking ahead, the consensus forecast for 2016 housing activity now stands at about 1.25 million, a 12 percent increase over 2015, with the 2017 forecast at about 1.4 million, another 12 percent increase.
We share the view of housing experts and our customers that new housing should continue to grow at 10-12 percent in 2016, along with improved demand in the already robust repair and remodeling market.
Longer Term Outlook
We believe we have several more years of housing growth ahead, based on the under-building in the last decade, population demographics and the slow rate of recovery so far. Major factors constraining a more immediate robust recovery remain the difficulty of obtaining labor to build homes, shortage of available and affordable lots, and tough access to credit for the first-time homebuyer.
We believe the labor issues will begin to ease either through increased employment or changing construction practices that will reduce the need for labor. The more complex lot shortage issue may take longer to address. On the financing side, it looks like the Federal Reserve remains cautious as they consider additional rate hikes. It would be very helpful if all of the many regulatory bodies who influence the mortgage market would focus on simplicity while maintaining necessary credit standards.
Opportunities for LP
The forecasted demand for our products, the challenges faced by builders and emerging building trends all present opportunities for LP. We are already moving to take advantage of these conditions with timely capacity additions and the introduction of innovative new products.
In single family new construction, we have had very good success growing our TechShield® Radiant Barrier sheathing to meet energy requirements in a number of jurisdictions, and we intend to continue this push. The requirement for fire retardancy in some urban interface zones has pushed up the demand for our FlameBlock® sheathing. Our newly released FlameBlock® I-joist addresses new code requirements in Pennsylvania and Ohio related to fire burn-through in floors with unfinished basements.
Multifamily projects, currently making up more than one-third of new starts, also require increased fire retardancy, as well as acoustic performance, easy maintenance, and durable siding.
We recently broke ground on a project to add FlameBlock® capability to our existing Clarke County, Alabama OSB mill. Using the OSB produced at Clarke, including our long-length products, this post-processing facility will augment the fire-retardancy capacity we have available through our relationship with International Barrier Technologies. FlameBlock® sheathing not only meets technical requirements of various building codes, it also lowers labor usage during construction, adds structural integrity, and gives architects more design flexibility.
By adding our SmartSide® siding products that include lap, panel, trim, soffit and fascia, a builder of multi- family projects can have the best-looking product available that also stands up to harsh treatment by renters.

The light commercial market is one where our EWP products have long played a role, as their ease of use and design flexibility are critical to architects and builders in this area. Our Siding business also recently introduced a substrate panel that can be used to replicate a stucco look with less cost and labor. We think it will be very attractive to light commercial builders throughout the country as well as for residential construction in areas like the Southwest where stucco is popular.
LP also continues to develop products that can be used in markets beyond residential construction, such as furniture manufacturing, transportation applications like truck liners, and substrates used for decorative panels, cabinetry and interior panels. To further support these activities, we have recently staffed a modest corporate- level growth and innovation capability that includes business development managers and technologists.
We are very optimistic about the growth opportunities in South America and, as noted previously, we are investing in additional capacity that will serve the Chilean domestic market as well as other countries in the continent.
On a different note, we were pleased to announce in February of this year the election of Tracy A. Embree to LP’s board of directors. She will stand for election at the annual meeting of the corporation in May of this year. Ms. Embree is a Vice President of Cummins Inc. and the President of Cummins Components Group. Her breadth of experience in a variety of manufacturing methods and innovative product lines will be an asset to our board and we are looking forward to her contributions.
LP looks forward to the opportunities ahead of us over both the short and longer term horizon. We are committed to growth and innovation that will meet increasing and changing customer needs for products, efficiency, and affordable costs.
We appreciate your continued support and are confident that the continued rise in housing activity, stronger repair and remodeling, and new uses for our products are all good for our stakeholders, as LP is well positioned to capitalize on this growth.
Sincerely,
E. Gary Cook Chairman
Curt Stevens
Chief Executive Officer
  