FUTURE NOW
Dear Shareholders

L

ast year at this time I wrote to you about why I believed the future was so positive for LSI Industries. Among the reasons for my strong convictions were strong customer relationships, innovative new

Fiscal 2005 was a good year and an extra cash dividend of $0.10 per share was declared. Of even greater significance, the Board of Directors increased next year's regular quarterly rate from $0.10 per share to $0.12 per share, an increase of 20%. Over the most recent three years, the annual rate has increased from $0.288 to $0.40 to $0.48 per share, a cumulative increase of 67%, plus the most recent year-end special cash dividend. Our most recent increase in the indicated annual rate is consistent with the Company's policy of setting the annual rate between 40% and 60% of expected net income for the current fiscal year. We recognize the importance of cash dividends over the long-term, and have been paying cash dividends on an uninterrupted and increasing rate since 1989. Our efforts to broaden LSI's lighting and graphics capabilities have been successful and are, of course, on-going. At the same time, we have preserved our strong position in niche markets like the petroleum / convenience store market which has the potential to gain re-imaging momentum later this fiscal year and into fiscal 2007. We enter fiscal 2006 with confidence ­ Opportunity is Everywhere.

products, a success oriented management team, and a sound balance sheet. Most importantly, however, were the strategies, plans, and directions we put in place and carefully implemented during the past several years. The positive converging results of these actions really started to come together in fiscal 2005. Net sales increased 17% over the prior fiscal year, and net income was up 68%. Careful management of working capital and the resulting strong cash flow allowed long-term debt to be eliminated further strengthening our financial condition at fiscal year end. Numerous improvements were made in our Lighting Segment and our efforts to build brand awareness through our LSI Lighting Solutions Plus and LSI Graphic

Solutions Plus groups is working well. With these groups working together we truly do see opportunity everywhere as we capitalize on our core strategy of "Lighting + Graphics + Technology = Complete Image Solutions." Comments from our two group presidents are included in their letters to shareholders.

Sincerely,

Robert J. Ready Chairman, President and CEO LSI Industries Inc.

8

FINANCIAL RESULTS

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ..10 Financial Statements ..........................................19 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..........24 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting........................................36 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ..................................37 and 38 Selected Financial Data ....................................39

9

