DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
We finished fiscal 2004 with net sales 13% higher than the prior fiscal year; operating income and income before taxes increased 23%. Fiscal 2004 income before cumulative effect of accounting change was $8.7 million ($0.43 per share), an increase of 12% from the $7.8 million ($0.39 per share) reported for fiscal 2003. Of course, operating results and business developments including our successes, disappointments, and challenges have been reported to shareholders in some detail throughout the fiscal year. Make no mistake, even though sales and earning increased over the prior fiscal year we did not achieve our internal profit goals (sales objectives were exceeded) for fiscal 2004. Rather than review the many general business activities and accomplishments of fiscal 2004 and the particular factors that depressed earnings, all of which have previously been reported and discussed, I will use this President's letter to tell you why I believe the future is so positive for LSI Industries. It is sometimes easy to forget that we measure companies on a quarterly and yearly basis as a matter of convenience, yet true business strategies are implemented over the course of not one or two but several years. And so it is with LSI Industries. My conviction as it relates to our favorable outlook and future is based on a broad range of strengths including dedicated and highly capable employees, strong customer relationships, innovative new products, a seasoned and success oriented management team, external growth through acquisitions, a conservative and sound balance sheet, and more. All of these elements are realities at LSI Industries, yet they do not by themselves represent the principal reason for the strength and optimism that I feel. As I see it, LSI Industries is now beginning to enjoy the converging results of a number of strategies, plans and directions that were started several years ago to lessen our dependence on the petroleum market. These changes are now fundamental to how the company approaches its marketplace. What are these strategic directions? Basically, there are five main strategies that guide the Company's direction. Some go back to LSI's founding over 28 years ago and are best thought of as bedrock operating and growth strategies. Others have been identified and implemented in more recent years. All have proven to be effective and important in our continued growth and profitability.

COMBINING 100 YEARS OF LIGHTING EXPERIENCE WITH UNBEATABLE SERVICE

LIGHTING
LSI Lighting Solutions Plus provides service capabilities and strategically located manufacturing and distribution facilities, all focused on meeting the product and service needs that are critical to our customers.

LSI Lighting Solutions Plus combines decades of lighting experience with the highest level service to help our customers make their lighting projects as effective as they can be. Our lighting group offers extensive product lines, including Outdoor, Architectural Outdoor, Indoor, Architectural Indoor and Accent & Downlight lighting.

2

GRAPHICS
The graphics operation presents every customer with the finest in manufacturing techniques and capabilities as well as project management, value engineering, design support, inventory management and installation services. LSI Graphic Solutions Plus can deliver on every aspect of a store image program, from wall murals and department signage, to architectural elements and fixture displays.

LSI Graphic Solutions Plus produces and manages image and brand programs for a diverse group of customers. Markets include petroleum/convenience store, retail, financial, restaurant, grocery, drug and automotive. LSI Graphic Solutions Plus also offers products like menu board and information delivery systems, and active digital signage with the LSI Narrowcasting solution.

UNIFIED GRAPHIC CAPABILITIES THAT ARE SECOND TO NONE

More specifically, generally in chronological order, they are as follows:  To capture a commanding share of specialized niche markets. LSI got its start by providing outdoor lighting systems to the petroleum/convenience store market and later additional niche markets, including quick service restaurants and automotive dealerships. This early strategy remains viable and allows a high level of customer service combined with specialized products to produce above average growth and profit margins. Our leading presence in selected niche markets will continue to contribute to overall growth and profits, especially when the major oil companies return to their re-imaging programs.  To operate as a low cost producer. This is an on-going behind the scenes strategy from an operations viewpoint. We continually examine better and more efficient ways to produce high-quality products at the lowest reasonable costs. Our investments in new manufacturing technologies and capital equipment will keep us on the forefront of low cost production and high quality output.  To capitalize on the core strategy of "Lighting + Graphics + Technology = Complete Image Solutions." This value proposition theme for our customers runs deep
3

throughout LSI and has been highly successful. It allows LSI to approach its markets with "one-stop" capabilities that leverages our relative importance with customers and provides a significant competitive advantage. This key strategy started out with "Lighting + Graphics = Image" and, through the years, has been expanded and refined to its current state, which now can be expressed as a fully integrated offering of lighting, graphics, and technology products and services beginning with design, and progressing through engineering, manufacturing, installation, and support. This is being implemented through the concepts of LSI Lighting Solutions Plus and LSI Graphics Solutions Plus, whereby we are strengthening the "LSI" brand in the markets we serve.  To expand our presence in the large commercial and industrial lighting markets. This strategy allows LSI to diversify our legacy dependence on the petroleum and specialty niche markets by increasing our presence in much larger markets having different business cycles. The effort is to reduce our overall business risk and enhance growth opportunities, albeit usually at somewhat reduced profit margins. Had we not implemented this strategy, which was made possible by broadening our product line offerings through several acquisitions, operating results

during the past three years would have suffered. We now have an opportunity to grow the commercial and industrial lighting platform as well as a highly effective capability in specialty niche markets.  To always remain financially sound. This would not usually be thought of as a strategy, but it clearly is to my way of thinking. A conservative and sound balance sheet coupled with strong cash flow from operations allows management great flexibility in dealing with changing market conditions and developing and pursuing new operating and growth strategies. LSI will continue this policy. At June 30, 2004 our current ratio was 3 to 1, long-term debt was $11.6 million and shareholders' equity was $128.9 million. We intend to continue our growth, both internally and through acquisitions, and have the balance sheet, cash flow, and bank credit facility to do so. My view is that LSI Industries is in a strong position to capitalize on its opportunities and, furthermore, its opportunities have never been as great as they are today. I am, of course, aware that shareholders measure success largely on the basis of share price and total return which includes cash dividends. As a major shareholder of LSI, share price and dividends are also important to me. During fiscal 2004 we paid cash dividends of $0.264 per share, an

increase of 38% over the prior year, and as fiscal 2004 ended, our share price was up 30%, or $2.62 per share. Since then, our share price has declined about 13% largely, I believe, based on our fourth quarter operating results. As fiscal 2005 unfolds, I am optimistic that our higher cash dividend payout ratio, coupled with higher earnings and a planned proactive program to educate the financial community about LSI's new direction, will result in positive returns to our shareholders. I look forward to fiscal 2005 and beyond with confidence knowing our strategies are working and we have a solid plan for growth. We are proud of our internal and marketing accomplishments during fiscal 2004 and prior years, confident in the knowledge that we have built a solid base for expansion. To our shareholders, employees, sales representatives, customers, and suppliers, thank you for your work and support.

Sincerely,

Robert J. Ready Chairman, President and CEO

NARROWCASTING COMBINED WITH LIGHTING AND GRAPHICS DELIVERS TECHNOLOGY DRIVEN SOLUTIONS

TECHNOLOGY
The LSI Narrowcasting solution is an intelligent system that manages the distribution of digital media content, in turn delivering high impact messaging that prompts targeted audience segments to take action. LSI Industries is working with customers to identify and leverage the key drivers of their retail merchandising and promotional success, and incorporate these elements into a customized Narrowcasting program that increases their sales.

4

