Dear Shareholders,
Fiscal 2008 was a difficult and disappointing year following the record setting results of the prior fiscal year. From our previous communications, shareholders know the challenges we faced. Looking forward, I want to provide you with my assessment of LSl's position on a number of topics. I shall do this through a question and answer format, as follows:

Will cash dividends continue to be paid?
Yes. We have a long-established cash dividend policy with specific guidelines and have paid cash dividends since 1989. Following these guidelines, based on our initial fiscal guidance for fiscal 2009, the current indicated annual cash dividend rate is $0.20 per share. During the most recent three and 10 year fiscal year periods, investors have received $1.70 and $3.43 in per share dividends, respectively.

How do you feel about your fiscal 2009 guidance? We believe it is conservative; it does not, for example, include the accretive benefit of any acquisitions or new national re­
imaging programs. As fiscal 2009 unfolds, we will examine
our guidance from time-to-time and communicate to the financial community any necessary revisions.

Do you expect additional one-time charges?
No. We believe that the non-cash impairment charge we took during fiscal 2008 was appropriate and we do not at this time expect any similar charges during fiscal 2009.

Are you still pursuing acquisitions?
Absolutely. The acquisition opportunity we mentioned in a recent press release is progressing through due diligence and definitive agreement negotiation. This "bolt-on" acquisition for the lighting business will likely be completed in the next 30 to 60 days and is expected to be accretive. We are also in the early stages of pursuing a second acquisition that will further enhance our capabilities in the solid-state LED area.

Does your balance sheet support the business? Without a doubt. LSI has always put a high value on having a solid financial platform including a sound balance sheet
and conservative capitalization. At fiscal year end, our liquidity
was represented by a strong current ratio of 3.32 to 1.0. Shareholders' equity was $148.5 million, long-term debt was zero, and we have a $57 million unused credit facility with our commercial banks. We have the financial strength and underpinnings to support the Company's organic growth as well as to fund external growth through acquisitions.

What progress are you making with developing and introducing new solid-state LED products?
Solid and accelerating is how I would describe this effort. Our principal reason for acquiring SACO Technologies was to secure the technical capabilities to allow LSI to produce solid-state LED-based lighting products. We are calling this our Cfossbver' initiative and our first product is rapidly gaining traction in the petroleum canopy market. Several additional C tossover" products will be introduced to our various lighting markets throughout fiscal 2009 commencing this quarter. This effort is one of our highest priorities, and we continue to view the crossover from conventional to solid­ state LED-based lighting as a major trend and theme for the industry and LSI. In addition to our lighting products, we are very excited about our new technology for high-tech back­ drops that has been introduced to the entertainment industry and is now being used by well-known entertainers like Bon Jovi, Metallica and Paul McCartney.
 


How is the lighting side of the business doing? Quite well. We have continued to make steady progress in growing our commercial and industrial related business.
Several of our niche markets, particularly petroleum service
stations and convenience stores, have been depressed due to general economic conditions. However, we continue to maintain or increase market share in these areas and look forward to increased activity as these businesses rebound. We also think the introduction of our Closs'bver   ' lighting products can act as an important stimulus to our customers in these niche markets.

What is happening with your LED billboard business?
We did not accomplish the objectives we set last year for entering this market. Following a careful review of our capabilities and the marketplace for digital boards in general, we have reset and redirected our sales and marketing efforts. More specifically, we have broadened our scope beyond billboard advertising to include other similar products including sports and event boards and digital signage. Sales and support for this activity now resides under LSI Graphic Solutions Plus and this group has had some important recent "wins." It will take us longer than originally expected to capture our share of this growing market but we certainly have the resources and conviction required to be successful.

How do you assess the graphics business?
This has been a great business for LSI and we are clearly a leader in terms of reputation, state-of-the-art technology, advanced production equipment, and the ability to take on major national re-imaging programs. Few companies in North America have the full set of capabilities that our Graphics Segment possesses. The business, however, is characterized by large jobs such as our most recently completed programs for CVS, Dairy Queen, and 7-Eleven. We are presently in a trough, having completed these large projects and not having secured new replacement programs. We have been here before and our sales and marketing teams are, of course, actively on the hunt for new business. Unfortunately, the cycles of this national retailer driven business are not smooth and even. This business is driven by customer-timed projects and not by products that we offer, as is the case with our lighting business. As the economic environment for national retailers improves, or as companies combine and re-image, we would expect to see our graphics business gain strength. We are looking forward to the next up-cycle of business as well as ways to better cross-sell and utilize our capabilities among the lighting and graphics units of our company.

In summary, fiscal 2009 will be a challenging transition year for LSI as we examine and execute our growth plans for lighting and graphics. We believe our core strategy of lighting plus graphics equals image, as well as the additional Cfossbver ' opportunities with our solid-state LED products will continue to be a successful and powerful driver of growth for LSI. Although near-term business conditions are clouded by the economy, the longer term outlook is very bright for LSI.


Sincerely,
Robert J. Ready
Chairman,CEO and President
