LSI Industries Inc. is an Image
Solutions company, dedicated to advancing solid-state LED technology in lighting and graphics applications. We combine integrated technology, design, and manufacturing to supply high quality, environmentally friendly lighting fixtures and graphics elements for commercial, retail and specialty niche market applications. LSI is a U.S. manufacturer with marketing / sales efforts throughout the world with concentration currently on North American, Latin American, Australian, New Zealand, Asian, European and Middle Eastern markets. Building upon its success with its LED lighting fixtures and SmartVision® solid-state LED video boards, LSI is committed to producing affordable, high performance, energy efficient lighting and graphic products for indoor and outdoor use. We have a vast offering of innovative solutions for virtually any lighting or graphics application. Further, we can provide design support, engineering, installation and project management for custom graphics rollout programs for today's retail environment. LSI's major markets are the commercial / industrial lighting, petroleum / convenience store, multi-site retail (including automobile dealerships, restaurants and national retail accounts), sports and entertainment markets. LSI employs approximately 1,400 people in facilities located in Ohio, New York, North Carolina, Kansas, Kentucky, Rhode Island, Texas and Montreal, Canada. The Company's common shares are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LYTS.

This time last year I wrote to you about the steps we were taking to return LSI Industries to a growth oriented posture for fiscal 2010. Among the actions we took were "right sizing" operations to fit weaker end markets, maintaining a strong financial condition, upgrading facilities and modernizing equipment and production technologies, opening a new iZone Technology Education Center, and acquiring AdL Technology. Our plan for fiscal 2010 was one of preparation and one of change. I am pleased to report that we are, I believe, on the road to recovery. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2010, net sales increased almost 9% over fiscal 2009 to $254.4 million, and we returned to profitable operations. Particularly encouraging were fourth quarter operating results which showed an increase in net sales of over 27% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. Our theme of preparation and change continued during fiscal 2010 as we took additional actions designed to capitalize on returning economic growth and stronger demand for our lighting and graphics products. For example, we aggressively continued our development and introduction of solid-state LED lighting fixtures. During fiscal 2010 approximately 24% of our Lighting net sales was solid-state LEDs. Our acquisition of AdL Technology has provided important vertical integration and allowed us to gain more control over our supply chain for electronic circuit boards and LED drivers. In addition, during fiscal 2010 we established a relationship with a manufacturer's rep agency and distributor to promote sales in Europe and the Middle East, we invested in capital equipment to provide computer-controlled metal fabrication, and we increased our capabilities in large format digital printing with the purchase of two state-of-the-art Vutek printing presses. We also completed the sale of LSI Marcole and began the consolidation of LSI Greenlee Lighting into our Cincinnati facility to be completed in October 2010. Our strategic growth vision has not changed as we continue our commitment to developing new product technologies for our markets while maintaining and growing our world class lighting

and graphics capabilities. We believe LSI Industries is very well positioned to capitalize on the growth of the lighting industry over the next decade. The already present trends of energy efficiency, environmental legislation and cost effectiveness will drive the direction of lighting products and related technologies in the future. LSI is a leader in providing and developing state-of-the-art efficient LED lighting and dynamic LED graphic signage. The potential of LSI Industries resides in how we think about our long-term growth strategies while we employ short-term oriented tactics and actions to cut costs, improve efficiencies, and remain financially sound. We are working to optimize results in challenging market conditions and, at the same time, are preparing the Company for further growth opportunities. LSI has paid regular cash dividends since 1989. With a slowly improving outlook combined with a strong cash flow and solid balance sheet, we have elected to continue with the current indicated annual cash dividend rate of $0.20 per share for fiscal 2011. We believe that the cash dividends paid by LSI Industries are important to our shareholders and the current rate is comfortable for LSI. It would be our intention to increase the cash dividend rate when actual market conditions and operating results improve. We are hopeful that the improved operating results for fiscal 2010 represent the beginning of stronger economic conditions for our lighting and graphics markets, but it is too early to be certain. Although the near term view of the economy is cloudy, we believe the longer term outlook is very bright for LSI Industries. As stated at the conclusion of last year's Annual Report to Shareholders, "LSI Industries has the right products, the stable financial platform, the motivated employees, experienced management teams and visionary technology innovation to take advantage of stronger market conditions and an increasing number of opportunities in the future."

Sincerely, Robert J. Ready Chairman, CEO and President

