DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
As I look back over the thirty-year history of LSI, I think it's fair to say 2007 was one of our more interesting and successful years. Highlights include record sales and profits, increased dividends, further penetration in the Commercial/Industrial market, rollout of major image programs, development of solid-state based lighting products, set up of dedicated production facilities for outdoor digital billboards, and strong business momentum as we enter fiscal 2008. During fiscal 2007 we commenced the rollout of three major programs ­ Chevron Oil Company, 7-Eleven, and Dairy Queen ­ all at the same time. These are large programs and it took a tremendous amount of work by our people to execute these great rollouts. They are still going on and will continue to do so through the balance of calendar 2007 and into 2008. What is important is that LSI is now gaining more recognition in the retail segment of our economy as a company that can provide graphics and lighting products to enhance a nighttime and daytime image for any program no matter how large it may be. This capability certainly will continue to enhance LSI's future growth. During fiscal 2007 we made significant progress to centralize all LSI operations. Our ultimate goal is to create a single corporate identity that will bring to our markets a selection of products and services unequaled in our industry. In addition, we are always mindful of controlling costs and improving efficiencies ­ another benefit of centralization. We successfully absorbed the Saco acquisition, creating new market opportunities in visual electronic and advertising boards (billboards), sports electronic boards, and solid-state LED lighting. In October our Lighting Group will introduce a revolutionary and affordable LED canopy light fixture to the petroleum market. It will be a totally new design and will provide a 60% plus reduction in energy and a 10-year maintenance free fixture. We plan to add to our solidstate LED capabilities through both internal development and carefully selected acquisitions. As we look toward the future, these new solid-state products will have an increasingly important role in serving our customers with lighting and graphics products and services. Our Graphics Group continues to excel in developing national rollout programs that address our customers' image requirements. With substantial investment in state-of-the-art equipment, our graphics unit possesses capabilities second to none. We are presently active in pursuing a number of new large national programs. I believe that LSI is in its best position ever to grow. The vision to build a company that is financially strong, has a vast and unique product and service base to supply multiple markets, and a strong commitment to its shareholders and employees is solidly in place. In the years to come LSI will continue to build its market position in many different markets with products and services that are important to our environment and to our country's security. LSI ­ a company with a smart vision. Sincerely, Robert J. Ready, Chairman, President and CEO, LSI Industries Inc.

TECHNOLOGY
Our first year as part of the LSI Industries family was a very exciting one for us. We discovered a company that truly stands by its name of Leadership, Strength and Innovation with dedicated and highly competent employees, a success oriented management team and strong relationships with their customers. We were pleased to see that the proper integration mechanisms were in place to facilitate the full integration of LSI Saco within the LSI family and make it a truly successful acquisition resulting in synergies. The combination of the emerging importance of solid-state LEDs as a costeffective, superior light source and LSI's well-established position in the lighting and graphics markets creates a very powerful growth platform. We intend, in the coming years, to be fully committed to assist in positioning LSI Industries as a market leader in solid-state based products in both lighting and moving graphics. During the past year, LSI Technology Solutions Plus assisted in the formation of a Sales and Support team that is based out of North Canton. Reporting directly to LSI Graphics Solutions Plus, "LSI LED VIDEO & DIGITAL SIGNAGE" will be responsible for most of the LED Video product sales. The markets include Sports, Billboards, Digital Signage, Commercial and Transportation. The Entertainment and Highly Custom projects will remain under the responsibility of LSI Technology Solutions Plus due to the benefits of our Research and Development expertise in engineering such projects. With LSI's significant commitment to the efficient design and manufacture of digital billboards, we assisted in the creation of a dedicated manufacturing center in Cincinnati. The set up of this Sales and Support effort and transfer of responsibility follows the direction to focus LSI Technology Solutions Plus to a full time Technology, Research and Development center within LSI and to support LSI Lighting Solutions Plus' and LSI Graphics Solutions Plus' needs for technology. Our excitement over future opportunities in the solid-state LED technology segment continues to grow. With the current structure, LSI is well positioned for growth for many years to come. New product lines are set to be introduced this year and as demonstrated in the past our commitment to innovation has been and will continue to be a staple of the company. Sincerely, Fred Jalbout, President, LSI Technology Solutions Plus

NET SALES Technology Segment
$ Millions

OPERATING INCOME Technology Segment
$ Millions

20 16 12 8 4

2.0 1.5 1.0 .5 0 -.5

06 07

06 07

3

