              Dear Shareholders:
2016 was a year of great challenges for the oil and gas industry, and a year of significant transition and accomplishment for Lonestar Resources. Since crude oil prices fell precipitously in November 2014, the industry has fought hard to reduce indebtedness and recalibrate its cost structure. This downturn has come with a large number of casualties, as over one hundred oil and gas companies have filed for bankruptcy.
For Lonestar, 2016 was a year of significant progress in terms of positioning the Company for substantial growth in the future. First, Lonestar successfully moved the Company’s domicile from Australia to the United States, establishing Lonestar Resources US, Inc. as a Delaware corporation. This move provided for a more tax-efficient structure for our Company and simplified our reporting processes. Next, Lonestar filed its Form 10 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which was declared effective on July 3, 2016. With its Form 10 cleared, Lonestar was approved for trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker “LONE”. Simultaneously, the Company delisted its shares from trading on the Australian Stock Exchange.
With Lonestar’s domicile and stock listing repositioned to the United States, the Company went to work to improve the balance sheet via a series of transactions. We purchased $68.2 million of our 8 3⁄4% Senior Unsecured Notes in the open market at a cost of $36.2 million, eliminating $32.0 million of indebtedness. To further reduce debt, we sold our conventional oil and gas assets for a total of $15.8 million in net proceeds. The sale of these assets has not only reduced our debt, it has allowed our management and technical team to focus 100% of its energy and attention on the Company’s Eagle Ford shale business.
Lonestar advanced its technical efforts in 2016. Through the Company’s Geo-Engineered Completion Alliance with Schlumberger Limited, Lonestar continued to improve its Eagle Ford Shale wells, both in terms of cost and productivity, by applying technologies to better target and steer our wells, and by using lateral logs and diverters to improve frac design and implementation. We have seen improvements at Beall Ranch, Cyclone and Burns Ranch under this program.
Despite a 45% reduction in capital spending in 2016, Lonestar added 6.7 million barrels of oil equivalent (“MMBOE”) of Proved reserves through extensions and discoveries and 0.3 MMBOE through acquisitions for a total of 7.0 MMBOE of reserve additions. These reserve additions were equivalent to 324% of Lonestar's 2016 production, and allowed Lonestar to generate a 13% increase in its Eagle Ford Proved reserves over 2015 levels, to 44.9 MMBOE, at New York Mercantile Exchange Strip pricing as of December 31, 2016. Capital expenditures totaled $51.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2016,

including $37.5 million for drilling and completion costs, $9.9 million for leasehold costs and property acquisitions, $2.2 million for a salt water disposal well, $1.1 million for seismic acquisition and $0.9 million for pipeline acquisition and expansion. Excluding the salt water disposal well, Lonestar’s all-sources finding and development costs, including negative price revisions, averaged $10.87 per barrel of oil equivalent (“BOE”). Excluding price revisions, all-sources finding and development costs averaged $7.43 per BOE. These results continue a streak of cost-effective growth at Lonestar. Including 2016 results, Lonestar’s four year reserves replacement is 405% and four year all-sources finding and development cost averages $11.56 per BOE, which we believe is among the top quartile of industry leaders.
As oil and gas prices stabilized and our well results continued to improve, we tapped the capital markets to further bolster the balance sheet and reinstitute our drilling program. Lonestar issued 13.8 million common shares, raising $79.4 million on December 22, 2016. Lonestar’s first-ever public equity offering capped off a year that saw the Company reduce long-term debt by $107.2 million, from a peak of $319.5 million at June 30, 2016 to $212.3 million at December 31, 2016.
As we look forward to 2017 and beyond, we believe Lonestar is now positioned to grow and prosper. Our 2017 capital program is expected to generate significant growth in production and EBITDAX over the course of the year. We are focused on continuing to acquire additional leasehold organically, through primary term leasing and farm-ins, which yield low acquisition costs and provide a baseline of growth in reserves and value. Incrementally, we intend to seek to build scale to our business through property acquisitions. We believe that a bigger Lonestar will be a more profitable company, and better positioned to take advantage of what we believe will be an active market for producing properties in the Eagle Ford Shale play.
We are in the process of reconfiguring our Board of Directors to reflect our transition to a U.S. listed company and, as part of this process, our Australian Directors, Robert Scott and Mitchell Wells, have resigned. Robert and Mitchell have been tremendous stewards and supporters of Lonestar, and I thank them for their service to the Company.
I also want to thank our employees in the office and the field for their dedication, hard work and creativity, which have helped Lonestar through the industry downturn and through our transition to a U.S. listed company. In addition, I would like to thank our Board of Directors for its wisdom and guidance during the year, and particularly, John Pinkerton, who became our Chairman in August 2016. John’s experience, leadership and vision equip Lonestar with an eminently capable Chairman.
Frank D. Bracken, III Chief Executive Officer
Note: This letter contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding positioning the Company for growth, anticipated effects of our capital program, future acquisitions and beliefs regarding profitability and market position. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are disclosed in the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
 