SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
2011 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
To our Shareholders:
The year 2011 was historic for Southwest Airlines. We celebrated our 40th anniversary of providing low-fare, high quality commercial air service. We launched an all new, industry-leading, frequent flyer program in March. We opened three new cities: Greenville-Spartanburg, South Carolina; Charleston, South Carolina; and Newark, New Jersey. We closed our acquisition of AirTran Airways on May 2, growing our fleet by 140 aircraft, and extending our route network domestically and to the Caribbean and Mexico. In December, we unveiled our fleet modernization plans, which include an agreement with Boeing to serve as the launch customer of the
737 MAX aircraft. And, our operations improved in 2011, closing out the year with our highest December ontime performance in 15 years.
Moreover, we reported our 39th consecutive annual profit in a year that endured a $1.7 billion year-over-year increase in combined economic fuel costs. Our 2011 net income was $178 million, or $.23 per diluted share, including special items (primarily noncash, mark-to-market, and other items required for a portion of the Company’s fuel hedge portfolio, as well as costs associated with the acquisition and integration of AirTran). Excluding special items, our 2011 profit was $330 million, or $.43 per diluted share.
Our financial position remains strong. Our cash and short-term investments were $3.1 billion, as of December 31, 2011, in addition to a fully-available $800 million bank line-of-credit. Net cash provided by operations for 2011 was $1.4 billion, and capital expenditures were $968 million, generating more than $400 million in free cash flow. During 2011, we repurchased approximately 27.5 million shares of common stock for approximately $225 million, pursuant to the $500 million share repurchase program authorized by Southwest’s Board of Directors on August 5, 2011. We also repaid $638 million in debt during 2011. As a result, our debt-to-total capital (including aircraft leases) was approximately 47 percent as of December 31, 2011, down from just over 50 percent after acquiring AirTran. We remain the only investment grade-rated U.S. airline.
In last year’s letter, I mentioned that fuel was the biggest threat to our 2011 profitability. While we were pleased to produce an annual profit, fuel was the primary driver of a disappointing decline in our profits, compared to 2010. Fortunately, we had an outstanding record revenue performance to help blunt the impact of a more than 30 percent increase in our economic jet fuel price per gallon in 2011. For the year, our
 
total operating revenues grew 29 percent to $15.7 billion, including AirTran revenues beginning May 2, 2011. We reported a record annual load factor of 80.9 percent and strong passenger revenue yields.
Today, the airline industry continues to be impacted by increasing fuel prices with Brent crude oil prices exceeding $120 per barrel in March 2012. Our economic fuel expense is currently anticipated to increase more than $200 million in first quarter 2012, alone (based on current and forward hedged prices and as compared to first quarter 2011 combined economic fuel expense). To combat ever-rising fuel costs, we are adapting our business to drive more revenues while staying true to low fares and no hidden fees. In 2011, we grew revenues through revenue management and route network optimization, while continuing our focus on value-add products such as Business Select and EarlyBird Check-InTM. Compared to four years ago, we generated $4 billion more in 2011 revenue due to a variety of successful initiatives.
We continue to focus on key strategic initiatives: AirTran integration, All-New Rapid Rewards® frequent flyer program, the addition of the Boeing 737-800, fleet modernization, and replacement of our reservation system. We believe these transformative initiatives will drive more revenue, reduce unit costs, and enable Southwest to close the gap between our current versus our targeted financial performance.
Since the AirTran acquisition on May 2, 2011, we have made tremendous progress on integrating it into Southwest Airlines. Our efforts to begin optimizing the combined network have resulted in significant changes to AirTran’s route network. In 2012, AirTran is closing 15 cities that proved unsustainable with today’s dramatically higher fuel prices. We will serve 97 cities total between our separate networks based on our joint schedules currently published through November. On March 1, 2012, we received approval from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for a Single Operating Certificate (SOC), marking a key milestone in the integration of the two airlines. AirTran can now begin transferring aircraft to be converted to the Southwest livery, and we can begin transitioning AirTran airport facilities to Southwest, beginning with Seattle in August 2012. On the labor front, Pilots, Flight Attendants, and Flight Instructors from both airlines successfully negotiated and ratified seniority list agreements. Throughout the next several years, Southwest Airlines will continue the process of transitioning AirTran Employees into the Southwest Family. Meaningful revenue and cost synergy opportunities are planned, primarily in the areas of schedule optimization, revenue management, frequent flyer program integration, distribution, and cargo. Based on our efforts thus far, we have made great progress towards achieving our goal of $400 million annual pre-tax synergies (excluding acquisition and integration expenses).
Our All-New Rapid Rewards frequent flyer program is off to a tremendous start. The program exceeded our expectations in 2011 with growth in Memberships, co-branded Chase Visa credit card usage, Member flight activity, and premiums paid for points. Based on results thus far, we believe our industry-leading program will drive hundreds of millions in incremental annual revenues.

We are very excited to introduce the 737-800 into our fleet in March 2012, equipped with Boeing’s Sky Interior offering a quieter cabin, improved operational security features, and LED reading and ceiling lighting. The current plan is to take delivery of 33 737-800 aircraft in 2012, all configured with Extended-range Twin-engine Operational Performance Standards (ETOPS) capability. We are very excited about the benefits this new aircraft type brings to Southwest with 38 more seats per aircraft than a 737-700. We can operate the -800 at a lower unit cost than the -700, which lends itself well to capacity constrained, high demand markets, as well as potential new longhaul markets like Hawaii, Alaska, Canada, Mexico, and the Caribbean.
Our December 2011 agreement with Boeing affords us significant flexibility to replace our older, less efficient aircraft with new aircraft. The order for 150 Boeing 737 MAX airplanes, with the first delivery expected in 2017, represents the fourth time Southwest has been a launch customer for Boeing. The 737 MAX is expected to have the lowest operating cost in the single-aisle segment, reducing fuel burn and CO2 emissions by an additional 10 to 11 percent over today’s most fuel-efficient single- aisle airplane. Our agreement with Boeing also increased our previous order book with an additional 58 737NG aircraft. The December agreement brought our total firm orders with the Boeing Company to 350 for 2012 through 2022. The final element of our fleet modernization plan is Evolve: the New Southwest Experience, a new inflight 737-700 cabin experience intended to enhance the Customer experience. This retrofit utilizes more climate-friendly and cost-effective materials and allows for an additional row of seats to be added on each of our existing -700 aircraft. All told, our fleet modernization plan is projected to be worth hundreds of millions in reduced costs and additional revenues.
While the fleet modernization plans provide significant growth potential, we do not have plans to grow the fleet until earnings are expected to generate sufficient returns on capital. For 2012, we intend to end the year with seven fewer aircraft than our combined fleet at the end of 2011. In addition, we plan to keep available seat miles comparable to combined 2011 capacity. Our network plans for this year are conservative and geared towards boosting unit revenue performance. To date, Southwest has plans for just one new city, Atlanta, which initiated service in February with 15 daily flights. AirTran currently plans to add two new destinations this year: Mexico City in May and Cabo San Lucas in June. Ultimately, Southwest intends to add up to 22 more new cities as AirTran is integrated into Southwest over the next several years.
We will replace our existing reservation system with one that provides Southwest the capability to serve international destinations, along with other revenue management and Customer Service enhancements. Our efforts toward this initiative have been deferred to prioritize our focus on other key strategic efforts, namely the AirTran integration. However, we fully intend to resume work on this multi-year project in the near future.
I am very proud of what Southwest Airlines has represented for 40 years. We give America low costs and low fares; lots of convenient flights; outstanding Customer

Service; and safe, excellent, and efficient airline operations. Southwest Airlines is America’s largest domestic airline, as measured by originating domestic passengers boarded (based on third quarter 2011 data from the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT)). We remain one of the lowest cost producers among major airlines with one of the world’s largest mainline fleets. We repeatedly hold one of the top DOT rankings in Customer Satisfaction. And, we continue to rank high on FORTUNE magazine’s list of the World’s Most Admired Companies.
As we prepare for our next 40 years, our financial goals remain unchanged: ‰ Take good care of our People
‰ Win more Customers
‰ Boost operating revenues
‰ Preserve our low cost position
‰ Maintain a strong balance sheet
‰ Achieve and sustain a 15 percent pre-tax return on invested capital
The challenges of the last decade have been daunting for the airline industry. The worst economic recession in aviation history, a worldwide credit crisis, and energy prices rising over five-fold have resulted in total financial losses for the U.S. airline industry in excess of $50 billion. Many U.S. airlines succumbed to the challenges by either ceasing operations or reorganizing through bankruptcy. Southwest Airlines, in stark contrast, prevailed. We are the only major U.S. carrier that provided annual profits to its Shareholders for 39 consecutive years. Our People were undaunted. The notable list of accomplishments in 2011, alone, is attributable to the championship efforts of our Employees. It is because of their unwavering Warrior Spirits that we accomplished all that we did in 2011, and they deserve our thanks.
Gary C. Kelly
Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer
March 16, 2012
 NOTE: Free cash flow is calculated as operating cash flows of $1.4 billion less capital expenditures of $968 million. Additional information regarding non-GAAP, including “combined,” financial measures is included in the accompanying Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011.
