SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
2010 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
To our Shareholders:
With 2010 in the history books, the first decade of the new century is behind us. For the U.S. airline industry, the past ten years will forever be known as the “lost decade”—fewer passengers, fewer flights, fewer airplanes, and fewer aviation jobs. Faced with the worst economic recession in aviation history, a world-wide credit crisis, and astronomical jet fuel prices, the airline industry endured billions of lost dollars and numerous bankruptcies and liquidations. And yet, while not immune to the economic collapse, brutal competition, and energy price volatility, Southwest Airlines prevailed. We emerged from the worst decade in aviation history without bankruptcy, without furloughs, without pay cuts, and without degradation of our Customer experience. And, 2010 marked our 38th consecutive year of profitability. What a tremendous accomplishment for the hard-working, high-spirited Employees of Southwest Airlines.
Our 2010 net income was $459 million, or $.61 per diluted share, compared to $99 million, or $.13 per diluted share, for 2009. Each year includes special items (primarily noncash, mark-to-market, and other items required for a portion of the Company’s fuel hedge portfolio). Excluding special items from each year, our 2010 profit increased 285 percent to $550 million, or a record $.74 per diluted share, compared to $143 million, or $.19 per diluted share, for 2009.
We remained financially strong with unrestricted cash and short-term investments of $3.5 billion as of December 31, 2010. We also had a fully-available $600 million bank line-of-credit. Our debt-to-total capital was approximately
40 percent, and we remained the only investment grade-rated U.S. airline.
We began 2010 amid escalating fuel prices and a fragile domestic economy.
Last year at this time, I said that our 2010 net income might improve from 2009’s meager results. Clearly, our 2010 results were much stronger than we anticipated. Overall demand for our low fares and high quality Customer Service strengthened. In the second half of the year, business travel rebounded considerably. We consistently achieved record monthly load factors, ending the year with a record annual load factor of 79.3 percent. And, boosted by our Bags Fly Free and No Change Fees, our share of the domestic market grew to 21 percent as the largest domestic carrier in terms of originating passengers boarded, compared to 20 percent a year ago (based on third quarter 2010 and third quarter 2009 data, respectively, from the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT)).
  
Our revenue results were equally as impressive, setting a number of records every quarter of the year, while consistently outperforming the industry’s revenue growth. For the full year, our total operating revenues grew year-over-year nearly
17 percent to $12.1 billion, which was an impressive 16.5 percent increase on an available seat mile basis. With virtually no capacity growth for the year, our revenue strength demonstrates that our efforts for the past several years to boost the Company’s revenue production have been successful. In fact, compared to our 2007 revenue baseline, we increased our 2010 revenues by over $2.2 billion.
And yet, the quest for more revenue continues, as West Texas Intermediate crude oil has surpassed $100 per barrel in March. To mitigate the damaging surge in fuel prices, the industry has sought a number of fare increases already this year, and many carriers have also announced capacity cuts. As I write this letter, we have implemented a number of modest fare increases since mid-December—more than for all of last year. Thus far, our revenue momentum remains strong, and our profits are on plan. Representing over a third of our operating costs, fuel is the biggest threat to our 2011 profitability. Economic fuel expense increased $626 million in 2010, and is currently anticipated to increase another $1.3 billion this year (based on current and forward hedged prices). That’s a significant cost mountain, but we are managing with revenue initiatives, fuel conservation efforts, and fuel hedging.
We made significant progress on strategic Customer initiatives in 2010. We continued to grow our Business Select Customers, and our Early Bird product exceeded our first full-year expectations, contributing nearly $100 million in incremental revenues. We began installing inflight internet connectivity on our 737-700s, and launched international connecting itineraries with Volaris, Mexico’s second largest airline. We announced our decision to replace our reservations system that, among other benefits, will allow us to serve international destinations. And, finally, we announced the substitution of the Boeing 737-800 aircraft for our 20 -700 deliveries in 2012, and we are continuing to evaluate additional -800 substitutions for future -700 deliveries. Producing lower unit costs on longer haul routes, the larger, more efficient 737-800 opens up a host of exciting possibilities for growth.
On March 1, 2011, we launched our All-New Rapid Rewards frequent flyer program. Our legacy program served us very well for 24 years. But, while our network evolved over the years, our loyalty program essentially remained unchanged. As a result, we were not realizing our fair share of Members in our loyalty program. Under our new points-based program, our Members can enjoy many new attractive benefits, including seat availability, every day, on every flight, with absolutely no blackout dates or seat restrictions. Our goal with the new program is to drive hundreds of millions in incremental annual revenues by winning new Customers, increasing loyalty from current Customers, increasing usage of our co-branded VISA credit card, and strengthening our hotel, rental car, and retail partnerships. Compared to other programs in the industry, we believe All-New Rapid Rewards is superior.

Without a doubt, our big news in 2010 was the proposed acquisition of AirTran Holdings, Inc., the parent company of AirTran Airways (AirTran), for a combination of cash and Southwest Airlines’ common stock. AirTran shareholders overwhelmingly approved the proposed acquisition with more than 98.6 percent of votes cast and 77.5 percent of shares outstanding voted in favor of the acquisition. Subject to Department of Justice and certain other regulatory clearances, we expect the transaction to close in second quarter 2011. We are well-prepared for this acquisition from the Leadership, operations, Customer Service, and financial perspectives. The acquisition will significantly expand Southwest Airlines’ low-fare service to many more Customers in many more domestic markets, namely Atlanta, creating hundreds of additional low-fare itineraries for the traveling public. It presents the opportunity to extend our service to many smaller domestic cities, and provides access to key near- international leisure markets in the Caribbean and Mexico. Through a broader national presence, we expect to generate hundreds of millions in incremental annual revenues upon full integration, accelerating our ability to achieve our long-term financial targets. In sum, the acquisition is about growth—more low fares, more Customers, more destinations, more aircraft, more jobs, and more profits.
Beyond the AirTran acquisition, until earnings are expected to generate sufficient returns on capital, we plan to keep our fleet growth relatively modest. In addition, currently, we do not plan to significantly grow our available seat miles. Instead, we intend to optimize our network through continued redeployment of unproductive capacity. During 2010, network optimization allowed us to begin service to Panama City Beach, FL, and add frequencies in key cities like Denver, Boston, and St. Louis. On March 13, 2011, we opened our 70th and 71st destinations, Greenville- Spartanburg and Charleston, respectively. Representing the 36th state in our network, South Carolina gave us a very warm welcome, and we are proud to bring our low fares, our Bags Fly Free policy, and our high quality Customer Service to the Upstate and the Lowcountry. We also are very excited about our introduction of Newark, New Jersey, to our network on March 27th.
As we turn the “Big 4-0” this year, we are focused on four big initiatives: the AirTran integration, the All-New Rapid Rewards program, the addition of the Boeing 737-800 beginning in 2012, and the replacement of our reservations system. We believe there is significant value associated with these initiatives to boost profitability. Growth is important to our Customers, Employees, and Shareholders, alike. Southwest Airlines is built for growth, and we believe these initiatives, when fully implemented, have the potential to close the gap between our financial results and the required profit target to justify growing again.
In addition to our four big initiatives, we will continue our efforts to implement continual revenue management enhancements, rollout inflight internet connectivity fleet-wide, and implement Required Navigational Performance (RNP) across our system. RNP sets the stage for Southwest to conserve fuel, improve safety, and reduce carbon emissions and greenhouse gases.

2010 was a busy year for Southwest Airlines, and 2011 will undoubtedly prove to be equally as challenging. But, our Employees have proven their ability to successfully implement change. We remain among the top low-cost producers of major airlines. We have affirmed our position as America’s Low-Fare Leader by not nickel-and-diming our Customers through our successful Bags Fly Free and No Change Fees campaigns. We hold the top ranking for Customer Satisfaction, as measured by the U.S. DOT, and we were ranked fourth on Fortune’s 2011 list of the World’s Most Admired Companies, easily the highest ranking commercial airline. Our award-winning annual Southwest Airlines One ReportTM continues to illustrate our steadfast focus on a triple bottom line—our Performance, our People, and our Planet. I am very proud of our People, as they truly are the best. They are the reason Southwest Airlines continues to be recognized for outstanding Customer Service. They are the reason we have been able to report consistent annual profitability for
38 consecutive years. They are why I am excited and confident about the future of Southwest Airlines.
Gary C. Kelly
Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer
March 24, 2011
 