  2 SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. ANNUAL REPORT 2005
 In 2005, we brought out the rally caps. For Southwest’s complete history at Dallas Love Field and the controversial Wright Amendment, log on to setlovefree.com.
To Our Shareholders:
In 2005, Southwest Airlines recorded its 33rd consecutive
year of profitability, a record unmatched in commercial airline industry history.
Our 2005 profit was $548 million, or $.67 per diluted share, compared to $313 million, or $.38 per diluted share in 2004. These 2005 results represent increases over 2004 results of 75.1 percent and 76.3 percent, respectively.
Each year includes unrealized gains or losses recorded as required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standard 133, related to our successful fuel hedging activities. Excluding these unrealized items ($59 million in gains in 2005 and $11 million in losses in 2004) produces a year-over-year profit increase of 50.9 percent and per diluted share increase of 50.0 percent.
Driving these increases were strong revenue growth coupled with excellent cost controls. The improved results were achieved despite a 43.0 percent increase in (unhedged) jet fuel prices per gallon in 2005 versus 2004.
Operating revenues grew by 16.1 percent on capacity growth of 10.8 percent (as measured by available seat miles). Better revenues were driven by stronger load factors (70.7 percent in 2005 versus 69.5 percent in 2004) and stronger yields per passenger, up 2.8 percent year-over- year. An improving economy, driving stronger travel demand, coupled with a decline in the glut of airline industry seat capacity, all combined to support revenue growth. Our Marketing and Revenue Management Employees pulled off this feat utilizing only modest fare increases, while staying faithful to our cherished Low Fare Brand Leadership in America. And our People did an excellent job once again of providing outstanding Customer Service, placing Southwest first in Customer Satisfaction as measured by fewest Customer Complaints reported to the D.O.T. per passenger carried. Truly, we give America the Freedom to Fly.
Low fares are only feasible with low costs. Through hard work, innovation, and the wise use of automation, our People
further improved the efficiency of Southwest Airlines and reduced our operating cost per available seat mile (excluding fuel) by 1.5 percent year-over-year. This was accomplished with pay increases, not furloughs, layoffs, or pay concessions. Despite many airline bankruptcies, which has allowed other airlines to restructure and reduce costs, Southwest remains among the lowest cost producers in the American airline industry.
Record, skyrocketing energy prices were a headline in 2005 and a dagger to the heart of the airline industry because of its energy dependency. Southwest Airlines was prepared for this crisis, however, as we were approximately 85 percent hedged for 2005 at approximately $26 per barrel of crude oil. Our hedging activities saved us almost $900 million in 2005, securing a solid profit improvement over the previous three years. Without our hedging program, it appears we would have had break-even results. Instead, hedging widened our cost advantage over our competitors and allowed us to continue to grow profitably, add new cities, expand our fleet, hire more Employees, and provide pay increases.
In 2005, we continued to add service to our new 2004 city, Philadelphia. In a little more than 18 months, it has grown from 14 daily departures to 53. Encouraged by our success there, we added Pittsburgh to our route map in May 2005. In six months’ time, our service expanded from ten to 19 daily departures. In October, we also expanded our Florida presence by the addition of Ft. Myers. Finally, in October, we announced the return of Southwest Airlines to Denver after a 20-year absence, much to the delight of our Customers. Denver, too, is off to a terrific start as of January 3, 2006. A happy New Year celebration, indeed.
We expanded our system in other ways last year. After a yearlong effort to repeal the anti-consumer, anti-competitive restriction on Dallas’ Love Field Airport, known as the Wright Amendment, the U.S. Congress passed and President Bush signed the “Bond Amendment,” which allows nonstop service from Love Field to points in Missouri. The law was passed November 30, 2005, and on December 13, we started four daily roundtrips from Dallas to both Kansas City and St. Louis. We also implemented our first-ever codeshare arrangement with ATA Airlines in January 2005, providing single-ticket, connecting itineraries at Chicago Midway,
“Being invited to operate at DFW (by AA) is like the spider saying to the fly ‘Hey, why don’t you drop in for a bite to eat?’”
–Chairman Herb Kelleher, announcing the results of the Campbell-Hill study
Phoenix, and Las Vegas. Our first year with ATA was a resounding success, generating almost $50 million in revenues. We also enhanced our Chicago Midway presence by acquiring the rights to ten gates from ATA.
The year 2005 was not without challenges, however. In December 2005, a Southwest jet overran a runway at Chicago Midway, striking two automobiles. Joshua Woods, a passenger in one of the automobiles, was fatally injured. Our hearts and our prayers go out to Joshua and the Woods family. We are, of course, providing the National Transportation Safety Board our full support in the
  
 investigation of this accident. We also continue to work closely with the Federal Aviation Administration to ensure a safe airline is as safe as it can humanly be.
Our compassion is extended to all those affected by last years’ natural disasters but particularly those in New Orleans. Rebuilding our service in New Orleans remains number one among competing priorities. We recently announced five more daily departures effective March 17 and coincident with the delivery of new Boeing 737 aircraft.
For 2006, we presently plan to add 33 new Boeing 737s to our fleet of 445 aircraft (as of December 31, 2005). That will produce an estimated increase in ASMs of eight percent. We are excited about the growth opportunities presently anticipated for 2006 and, especially, the strong revenue trends we are currently experiencing. Jet fuel prices, however, loom large over the 2006 outlook. Even with an industry-leading fuel hedge in place for 2006 (approximately
73 percent at approximately $36 per barrel), higher prices could cost us as much as $600 million in additional fuel expense based on current market prices. We will need strong revenue growth and energetic cost controls in other areas to overcome that hurdle.
The splendid results for 2005 were achieved, plainly and simply, through the efforts of our gifted and caring Employees. They are the reason that FORTUNE magazine, for the ninth year in a row, named Southwest Airlines one of America’s Most Admired Companies. And it is because of them and their Warrior Spirits, Servants’ Hearts, and Fun-LUVing Attitude that we are optimistic Southwest Airlines will rise up to meet these heady challenges.
To all the magnificent People of Southwest Airlines, we say, again, a hearty “Thank You!”
January 16, 2006 Most sincerely,
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. ANNUAL REPORT 2005 3
  Gary C. Kelly
Chief Executive Officer
  Colleen C. Barrett President
 Herbert D. Kelleher Chairman of the Board
   