SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. § SIX STORIES OF FREEDOM To our Shareholders:
1998 was Southwest Airlines’26th consecutive year of profitability. It was also Southwest Airlines’26th consecutive year of job security and bounteous Profitsharing for our well-loved and loving People. Our philosophy of achieving low costs and low fares (through high productivity) and maintaining high spirits (through affection and respect for each other) has proved rewarding for our Employees, our Shareholders, and our Customers, for whom Southwest remains, truly, “A Symbol Of Freedom.”
Our 1998 earnings of $433.4 million (diluted net income per share of $1.23) exceeded the $317.8 million of 1997 (diluted net income per share of $.93) by 36.4 percent. At this early juncture in 1999, our load factor, Customer bookings, and unit revenue trends are relatively strong. As a consequence, our preliminary assessment of first quarter 1999 earnings prospects is quite optimistic, barring any serious and precipitous downturn in the U.S. economy or other, uncontrollable adverse occurrences.
We anticipate delivery of 32 New Generation Boeing 737-700s during 1999 and the retirement of six older generation 737-200s. Our 1999 net increment in available seat mile capacity is presently expected to be in the 11 to 12 percent range, although, at this writing, we are also actively pursuing the acquisition of several used 737-300s.
Manchester, New Hampshire, is our newest city and a very proud, productive, and profitable addition to our route system. We thank the people of Providence, of Manchester, and of all New England for their enthusiastic reception and very strong continuing support of Southwest Airlines service.
On March 14, 1999, we will commence serving MacArthur Airport in Islip, Long Island. Thanks to the foresight and vision of the members of the Islip Town Council and Supervisor Pete McGowan, the MacArthur Airport facilities have been expanded and remodeled to accommodate Southwest’s introduction of service to the State of New York. We will begin that service with eight nonstop trips to Baltimore/Washington; two to Chicago (Midway); one to Nashville; one to Tampa Bay; and through and
4

SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. § SIX STORIES OF FREEDOM connecting service beyond those cities to numerous other Southwest Airlines
destinations.
We also plan to begin serving at least one other new city in 1999.
Over a span approaching three decades, our People have overcome the potentially devastating effects of fierce competition; debilitating recessions; and precipitous jet fuel price spikes. They have weathered each adversity because they are truly People for all seasons, bad seasons as well as good and threatening seasons as well as tranquil. They are, in short, great People pursuing a great cause — they are crusaders bringing to ever increasing numbers of Americans the freedom to fly. I applaud their versatility, their strength, their focus, their dedication, and their energy — they are, indeed, incredibly special in mind, heart, and spirit!
Most sincerely,
Herbert D. Kelleher
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer February 1, 1998
5
