SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
 2009 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
To our Shareholders:
The year 2009 will forever be remembered as the “Great Recession.” It was a year where the airline industry, as a whole, lost billions of dollars. Despite the severe economic collapse, Southwest remained profitable, producing our 37th consecutive year of profitability, largely due to a series of aggressive adjustments leading to a remarkable fourth quarter rally. The economy did not improve during the year to produce that result; it was our People. I could not be more proud of them, as our People have consistently outperformed our competition, in most every way.
Our 2009 net income was $99 million, or $.13 per diluted share, compared to $178 million, or $.24 per diluted share for 2008. Each year includes special items (primarily noncash, mark-to-market and other items required for a portion of the Company’s fuel hedge portfolio). Excluding special items from both years, our year- over-year profit declined 51 percent to $143 million, or $.19 per diluted share for 2009, compared to $294 million, or $.40 per diluted share for 2008.
Economic recession leads to a decline in travel demand, especially business travel. Ultimately, 2009 proved to be the worst year on record for U.S. Airlines, in terms of year-over-year revenue declines. We began to see weakness in business travel in February. By May, we were experiencing year-over-year unit revenue declines of close to ten percent. Revenues in some short-haul, business travel markets were off as much as 35 percent. Accordingly, we called several “audibles” mid-year to try and salvage what was destined, otherwise, to become our first annual loss since Southwest’s start-up years. New technology, years in the making, was launched in 2009 that enabled enormously successful fall fare sales, as well as a restructuring of core fares to account for less full-coach demand. New (unplanned) products were introduced, including Pets onboard, Unaccompanied Minor service charges, and Early Bird Check-in. We continued optimizing our flight schedules to allow for more published itineraries, with enhanced connecting opportunities. While still a point-to-point schedule, with three-fourths of our passengers flying nonstop, we were able to boost our connecting traffic by several percentage points and revenues by tens of millions of dollars.
Perhaps most significantly, we reaffirmed our commitment to Customer Service. Specifically, we declined to join our competitors in charging for the first and second checked bag, and we launched an aggressive television advertising campaign

to affirm that Bags Fly Free only on Southwest. The results have been impressive as Customers express their distaste for our competitors’ fees. We have experienced a domestic market share shift worth close to a billion dollars in 2009. Our second half 2009 revenue results were impressive, especially given the recession. Starting in July and continuing through February 2010, the most recent month reported, we reported a record load factor every month. We reported record load factors for third quarter, fourth quarter, and full year 2009. We reported record unit quarterly revenue in fourth quarter 2009. We significantly outperformed the industry in 2009 revenue production and believe the 2009 record load factors and revenues dwarf what we would otherwise have collected in bag fees.
We prepared for record-high energy prices and recession by avoiding fleet growth in 2009 and by aggressively trimming unpopular and unprofitable flights. All told, this led to reduced seat miles flown in 2009 compared to 2008 of approximately five percent, net. A significant amount of the unprofitable capacity was “harvested” and redeployed to developing markets with high Customer demand (Denver) and large new markets (Minneapolis/St. Paul, New York La Guardia, and Boston Logan). Given the difficult economic environment, we did not desire to take on significant new market risk and, consequently, scheduled a modest number of daily departures to these large new cities in order to feed our existing network. This conservative strategy proved out, as these new markets boosted our profits in 2009. Given our early success with these new cities, we decided to launch Milwaukee in November, which is a very competitive market. We want Milwaukee on our route map and judged deferral of service not in our best long-term interests. While it carries more risk than the other three new cities, it has exceeded our expectations, and we are pleased with the results.
In July, we made the decision to bid for Frontier Airlines, which was for sale pursuant to a bankruptcy court-supervised auction process. Ultimately, our bid was not selected, primarily due to contingencies in the bid that were designed to protect our Culture and the best interests of our Employees, Customers, and Shareholders. As with any prospective buying opportunity, we reached our limit and chose not to remove our contingencies. In the meantime, we boosted our presence, our Customers, and our revenues in Denver. We have surpassed Frontier as the second largest airline serving Denver (based on originating passengers boarded). By August 2010, we expect Denver to be the fifth largest departure point on our system. Without a doubt, Denver is the most successful city ever added to the Southwest route system, in terms of rapid capacity and revenue growth, in the first five years of service. In summary, we are not disappointed with our position in Denver or the outcome of the Frontier bankruptcy auction.
The year ahead is challenging, still. Energy prices are double year-ago levels, and the economic recovery is halting and tepid. While 2010 earnings may improve from last year’s meager results, they may not justify further investment in fleet growth. Until earnings are generating sufficient returns on capital, we have no plans to organically grow the fleet. Instead, we will focus on improving our profitability through

containing costs, maximizing productivity, improving the Customer Experience, winning more Customers, delivering new revenue-generating products, and driving more revenues. In particular, we plan to focus on the following revenue initiatives in 2010 and 2011:
• Continued schedule optimization, enabling the May 2010 opening of Panama City Beach, Florida, an innovative opportunity to collaborate with the St. Joe Company
• Launch of onboard wireless internet access beginning in spring 2010 and targeting early 2012 as our completion date for fleet-wide implementation
• Development of international marketing partnerships
• Development of the next generation Rapid Rewards frequent flyer program
• Continued deployment of enhancements to southwest.com
• Continued revenue management enhancements
In addition, we will continue to focus on keeping Southwest financially strong. Currently, our total liquidity exceeds $3 billion, including cash on-hand, short-term investments, and our fully-available bank line-of-credit. Based on our current projection for operations, capital spending, and debt service, we expect our liquidity to increase further in 2010.
Our balance sheet remains investment-grade strong, with debt-to-total capital of 45 percent. As with liquidity, based on our current projections, we expect our balance sheet to strengthen further in 2010, with no material financing requirements. Finally, we have significant fuel hedge protection in place, if prices increase from current levels, as detailed in our year-end financial statements. We are financially strong and believe we are well-prepared for the continued tough times ahead of us.
I will forever be grateful to our People for what they achieved in 2009. They persevered, with dramatic challenges, continuous change, and amid much economic anxiety. Despite that, they produced outstanding results in ontime performance, baggage handling, and Customer satisfaction. Our Customers rate Southwest service levels, arguably, higher than ever. And, we remain among the top low-cost producers of major airlines, and America’s preferred Low Fare airline. Our Employees are the best and the reason Southwest continues to outperform our competitors.
Gary C. Kelly
Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2010
 