 2
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. ANNUAL REPORT 2006
To Our Shareholders:
In 2006, Southwest Airlines recorded its 34th consecutive year of profitability, a record unmatched in commercial
airline history.
Our 2006 GAAP profit was $499 million, or $.61 per diluted share, compared to $484 million, or $.60 per
diluted share, for 2005.
Each year includes unrealized gains or losses and other items as required by Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard 133, related to our successful fuel hedging activities. Excluding these items ($88 million in losses in 2006 and $59 million in gains in 2005) produces a year-over-year profit increase of 38.1 percent and per diluted share increase of 34.0 percent.
Driving these increases was strong revenue growth coupled with excellent cost controls. The earnings growth was achieved despite an almost 50 percent increase in hedged jet fuel prices per gallon in 2006 versus 2005.
Operating revenues grew 19.8 percent on capacity growth of 8.8 percent (as measured by Available Seat Miles). Revenue growth was driven by strong, record load factors (73.1 percent in 2006 versus 70.7 percent in 2005) and
Performing Above & Beyond.
higher yield per passenger, up 6.9 percent year-over-year. The result was a 10.2 percent increase in unit revenue year-over-year, the strongest annual growth rate realized since 1992. An improving economy, driving stronger travel demand, coupled with stable airline industry seat capacity combined to support strong revenue growth.
While revenue trends were softened by the August London terrorist threat and related carryon baggage restrictions, such trends stabilized in fourth quarter 2006, resulting in a steady unit revenue growth rate of 4.2 percent. Based upon our January 2007 traffic and bookings to date, we expect 2007 first quarter year-over-year unit revenue growth to exceed the prior year performance.
Our Employees did an excellent job providing outstanding Customer Service. Once again, Southwest placed first in Customer Satisfaction, as measured by fewest Customer complaints reported to the Department of Transportation (DOT) per passenger carried. It is, in large part, our People’s devotion to quality Customer Service that has enabled Southwest to reach the point where it carries more passengers than any other U.S. airline, based on the most recent DOT monthly statistics.
Our near-record 2006 unit revenue growth was achieved utilizing modest fare increases while maintaining our Low-Fare Brand. As the Low-Fare Leader, we cherish our position in the U.S. industry as the Low-Cost Producer. This position is a major element of our preparedness for bad times in the airline business and a major reason we have remained the lone profitable airline throughout the entirety of the worst five-year period in airline history. In addition, we have a strong “A Rated” balance sheet with only modest debt levels; substantial liquidity in the form of cash on hand plus a $600 million fully available bank line of credit; and the best jet fuel price protection in the airline industry. Coming into 2006, we had fuel derivative contracts in place for over 70 percent of our 2006 expected jet fuel needs at $36 per barrel, which saved us $675 million from cash settlements of these contracts. We also have substantial hedging positions over the next three years at roughly $50 per barrel, providing us ample protection against jet fuel price spikes, albeit at higher prices than during the last several years. These positions also allow us to benefit from energy price decreases.
Our Employees have worked extremely hard to mitigate our fuel cost increases: first, by providing the best airline Customer Service in the business; and second, by controlling the rest of our operating cost structure. For the fourth year in a row, our People further improved their productivity and the overall efficiency of Southwest Airlines, achieving constant unit costs with 2005 (excluding fuel). On the heels of 2004 and 2005, where we

          achieved unit cost reductions, this was an exceptional performance. It was even more impressive considering we carried record numbers of Customers and record numbers of checked bags. This was all accomplished with pay increases and not pay cuts, furloughs, or layoffs.
Last year was exciting in terms of our route network expansion. We started 2006 in grand style by reinaugurating service to Denver on January 3. Starting with 13 daily departures, Denver has been one of our fastest new city startups ever, now at 33 daily departures.
In October, we initiated service to Washington Dulles Airport in Northern Virginia, located in one of the United States’ fastest growing regions. We are off to a great start and very excited about our growth potential from that airport and region.
And last, but certainly not least, there is the Reform of the Wright Amendment, which finally starts to free Dallas Love Field after 27 years of federal restraint. Under the Reform law, we were allowed to immediately begin offering through and connecting service beyond the nine Wright Amendment states, generating an incremental $11 million in revenue in fourth quarter 2006 alone. In 2014, the law permits us to offer nonstop service from Dallas Love Field to any domestic destination. Almost two years to the day from when we started our legislative efforts, Love Field is liberated. Hallelujah!
In 2007, we presently plan to add 37 new Boeing 737s to our fleet of 481 aircraft (as of December 31, 2006). That will produce an estimated eight percent increase in Available Seat Miles. We are very excited about our growth prospects for 2007. Currently, there is much speculation about airline industry consolidation. While we have no plans to merge with or acquire any other carrier, we are poised and well-positioned to consider any asset sales or route reductions that might ensue from consolidation.
The spectacular improvements realized in 2006 were achieved solely by the efforts and resolve of our Employees. The results belie the significant challenges that they faced and overcame. They are the reason that FORTUNE magazine, for the tenth year in a row, named Southwest Airlines one of America’s Most Admired Companies. They are the reason we are optimistic and confident about the future of Southwest Airlines. They are, simply, the best.
January 17, 2007
Gary C. Kelly Colleen C. Barrett Herbert D. Kelleher Chief Executive Officer President Chairman of the Board
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. ANNUAL REPORT 2006 3
                                                                                                                                              