                   STOCKHOLDER LETTER
To Our Stockholders:
Level 3’s vision – to be the trusted connection to the networked world – continues to be a defining statement for the company. Today, we are experiencing a transformation in the communications industry rivaled only by the advent of the Internet in the late 1990s and early 2000s. The transformation is the migration toward hybrid networking, the combination of public and private networks.
Driven by an increasingly digital world, the need for all businesses to be fully networked is essential for competing in today’s economy. Enterprises’ and consumers’ demand for bandwidth continues to grow unabated; the number of connected devices is exploding exponentially and is expected to exceed 50 billion in a few short years; and, the security threats facing Level 3’s customers continue to escalate. These demands, combined with the acceleration of data and computing resources moving to both public and private cloud infrastructures, create a need for networking services that integrate the security and reliability of private networking with the efficiency and flexibility of public communications. Hybrid networking is the next evolution driving the communications industry and communications infrastructures.
Our Strategy
Our strategy aims to capitalize on this transition and provides the framework for long-term value creation. The key elements of Level 3’s strategy are:
• Enterprise as the growth engine: We believe we drive growth by selling to enterprises who see their network as a strategic requirement, enabling their digital business models and the ability to serve their own customers in an increasingly connected world. We have been successful at capturing share in the global enterprise networking market for many years, however, our market share remains low and the large opportunity we see allows us to continue to grow across all of our regions. Our wholesale business complements our enterprise focus and gives us competitive advantages in network scale, reach and efficiency.
• An evolving and comprehensive product portfolio: Level 3 continues to invest in a comprehensive product portfolio to best serve our customers and to solve their growth, efficiency, and security challenges. We believe the breadth of our product portfolio offers Level 3 a competitive advantage in the marketplace. As an example, dark fiber, transport and more advanced data services can be augmented by managed and professional services. Data center and cloud connectivity services can be coupled with security to create hybrid networking solutions to meet customers’ evolving needs. Technologies like software defined networks (SDN) and network function virtualization (NFV) are used to expand our portfolio, while reducing service delivery complexity and providing our customers more visibility and control over their applications.
• Ongoing Network Expansion: We focus on expanding our network and building directly to our customers’ locations and a wide variety of third-party data centers and cloud services providers around the world, which we believe is a key driver of competitive advantage. Our ability to serve customers on our network allows us to provide better network performance, better reliability and a better end-to- end customer experience, while also improving our financial returns. The value of our network increases with the number of endpoints we connect (which is known as the “Network Effect”). Each network expansion we complete brings more enterprise buildings closer to our network and provides greater capital efficiency to connect new buildings.
• Superior Customer Experience: Customers entrust us with the network that connects their critical business systems – our continued success requires delivering a superior customer experience. While our customer experience already compares favorably against our peers, we continue to invest in “Operational Excellence” to make it easier for customers to do business with Level 3. Our steadfast focus on operational excellence and a customer first mentality are key to driving continued improvement.
By combining our network reach with our comprehensive set of services, we believe we are ideally positioned to provide the connectivity fabric that will link Enterprise customers
to the growing cloud ecosystem with seamless, scalable and cost-effective solutions.

Total Revenue
($ in millions)
We feel our strategy is designed to take advantage of the growing and evolving nature of our customers’ needs by primarily serving them on our physical network and providing them excellent service and cost-effective solutions that can scale with their needs. We are focused on medium and large customers that have needs in multiple locations and require multiple Level 3 services. We strive to improve our competitive and strategic advantage by network expansions and product innovations that continue to drive our margin expansion and improve our capital efficiency.
2015 Highlights
Our achievements throughout 2015, from both a financial and operational perspective, position the company to take advantage of the opportunities in the market. Key highlights for the year were:
• Made substantial progress on the tw telecom integration.
• Achieved $216 million in annualized, run-rate Adjusted EBITDA synergies, above
our target of $200 million and a year ahead of schedule.
• Despite the macroeconomic headwinds and global currency pressures in many countries in which we operate, along with the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan subsidiary in 2015, we achieved our targets for revenue and Adjusted EBITDA growth, and our objective for Free Cash Flow for the full year 2015.
• Completed nearly $5 billion of capital markets transactions, resulting in
$110 million of annualized cash interest expense savings. We also reduced our leverage to 3.8 times Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA and narrowed our longstanding leverage target to 3 to 4 times from 3 to 5 times.
• In EMEA, advanced on our objective to position the region for growth by building a talented leadership team, focusing our growth initiatives in four primary markets (the U.K., France, Germany and Benelux) and implementing a disciplined sales and investment process to enable profitable growth in the region.
2016 Goals
Our objective for 2016 is to improve the company’s growth. Specifically, we aim to:
$6,376 $6,313 $4,333
$6,777
$8,229
2015
  2011
2012 2013 2014
Adj EBITDA and Adj EBITDA Margin
($ in millions)
$2,638
$1,895
32.1%
2015
$626
 $958
22.1%
28.0%
 2011 2012
2013 2014
•
• • •
Deliver stronger revenue growth in 2016 compared to 2015, on a constant currency basis.
Grow Adjusted EBITDA year-over-year by 9 to 12 percent. Generate between $1.0 and $1.1 billion of Free Cash Flow.
Invest 15 percent of revenue in capital expenditures to support continued business growth.
5.8x
5.1x
4.8x
4.4x
3.8x
$1,624
25.7% 22.9%
$1,459
Free Cash Flow
($ in millions)
 2012 2013 2014 2015
Leverage Ratio
$251
To enable these growth objectives, continued work on integration initiatives related to the acquisition of tw telecom will be a key focus for the year. However, “integration” means so much more than simply bringing the two companies
together – we are dedicated to building the platform of the future through our “Vision of One” – one set of products, over one network to deliver those products globally and one set of operational support systems to enable a differentiated customer experience.
Accelerating our business is a key theme for 2016 – operating with a strong sense of urgency to take advantage of the market opportunity. From adding to our sales force to support high growth products, to evaluating opportunities to expand the network, to continuously evolving our product portfolio, we believe we have opportunities to move faster.
We will also maintain the financial discipline that has served us so well over the last several years. We will invest for growth, while remaining focused on managing costs and expanding our margins and leveraging our network assets. Level 3 is a growth company. We allocate and invest capital to generate improving returns on investment. Our market share in the regions in which we operate in is still low and we intend to continue to invest in the long-term growth of the business. We have worked to strengthen our balance sheet every year which we feel will allows us to both manage steadily in economic cycles and take advantage of market opportunities.
 $(106) 2011
$(47) $(165)
 2011
2012 2013 2014 2015

Our dedicated employees around the world are the engine that drives
Level 3. The culture we create together contributes to a thriving workplace.
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Highlights
The Board and executive management evaluate our governance practices every year and strive to improve our approach to governance, environmental and social issues to support investor interests and our strategic priorities. Highlights from 2015 include:
Corporate Governance. In 2015, we initiated an outreach program aimed at expanding our feedback loop by meeting with the corporate governance organizations from numerous investors. This feedback is important to the Board and management to ensure we are aligned with stockholder interests to drive long-term value creation. Informed by this feedback, the Board made several changes to our corporate governance practices in 2015, including amending our By-laws to implement majority voting for non-contested Director elections and providing stockholders with the right of “proxy access” for director nominations.
Culture. We firmly believe that our dedicated employees around the world are the engine that drives Level 3 and that the culture we create together contributes to a thriving workplace. Following a number of initiatives we have implemented over the last several years, such as a strong veterans hiring program, implementation of Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) and the continuation of our foundational core values in our “Level 3 Respects” program; in March 2016, we issued our first Diversity and Inclusion Report. We hope you read this report for a description of our commitment to a diverse and inclusive culture.
Health, Safety and Environment. Level 3 is committed to excellence in health, safety, and environmental sustainability for our employees, business partners, and global communities. Our global climate change mitigation efforts include: improving the energy efficiency of our facilities, network equipment, and fleet; increasing our use of renewable energy; and consolidating our real estate assets. These and other initiatives resulted in Level 3 being named to CDP’s S&P 500 Climate Change Disclosure Leadership Index in 2015.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and our nearly 13,000 employees worldwide, we thank you for your support and interest in Level 3. This is an exciting time to be part of Level 3 as we continue to make strides to become the premier provider of global communications services – the trusted connection to the networked world – and we appreciate your partnership as we continue on this journey.
Jeff K. Storey Sunit S. Patel
President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                 James O. Ellis, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
For definitions and reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP measures contained in this letter, please refer to investors.level3.com
