   Paul Rooke
Chairman and CEO
To My Fellow Shareholders,
As I reflect back on 2013, I am pleased with Lexmark’s progress this year and with our momentum as we enter 2014.
Over the year, we further sharpened our solutions focus. We invested in our hardware, software and services platforms to strengthen our solutions value proposition. The acquisitions we made throughout 2013 dramatically increased our software and solutions capabilities. These capabilities, when coupled with Lexmark’s industry- leading output and fleet management technology, enabled Lexmark to achieve record revenue in both managed print services (MPS) and Perceptive Software for the year, each growing at double-digit rates.
While we are pleased with this progress, we have more to do to realize our vision of being a leading provider
of unstructured information solutions. Lexmark remains focused on our customers, and we are excited about leveraging our capabilities to further strengthen existing relationships and win new customers in 2014 and beyond.
Solutions Expansion, Customer Success and Industry Recognition
Building on our core strength of output management technology, Lexmark has added a broad portfolio of content and process management technologies that together comprise the key technologies to solve business customers’ unstructured information challenges.
We define unstructured information as coming in two primary forms. First, digital information: word processing and spreadsheet files, email, chat and social messaging, and rich media file types like images, audio and video. Second, paper-based information: mail, memos, notes and documents buried in mailrooms, filing cabinets and stacks of folders.
Lexmark is focused on helping customers capture and connect this unstructured content to their core systems and applications. By doing so we enable our customers to connect this information to the people in their orga- nizations that need it most, enabling the accuracy and timely completion of business processes while simulta- neously enhancing productivity and delivering hard and soft cost savings.
We’re accelerating our solutions growth with the synergies we’re creating between the Imaging Solutions and Services (ISS) and Perceptive Software units. ISS is leveraging its global large account presence, MPS leadership, industry expertise, and global infrastructure to open doors and grow our Perceptive Software solutions more quickly, deepening Lexmark’s overall penetration into these accounts. These are generally accounts that have been with Lexmark for a number of years and have come to trust us to deliver productivity gains and savings for them. They are counting on us to bring them additional productivity gains and savings. Similarly, Perceptive Software’s expanding software capabilities and industry presence in healthcare, higher education, and back office operations is further differentiating and growing our managed print solutions quicker, also deepening our penetration into these accounts.
As proof of these synergies, we are winning software solution deals in ISS accounts across a range of industry segments. In fact, for 2013, we won more than 40 new capture, content and process software deals across a range of ISS retail, manufacturing, banking, insurance, government, healthcare and education accounts, and our sales funnel continues to strengthen. We are also beginning to see the reverse happen as well, where ISS is winning MPS deals in Perceptive Software healthcare accounts. As we expand our solutions offerings and build more customer references, we expect these synergies to continue to grow.

In our high value segments of MPS and Perceptive Software, each grew well in excess of market growth rates. Further, within the past 24 months, Lexmark competed for and won 23 new MPS contracts with companies listed on either the Global 500 or Fortune 500, which represent incremental business to the company. In addition, as we continue to deliver savings and value to our customers, our renewal rate for MPS customers was 100 percent for the year.
While we are focused on our capabilities and winning and retaining customers, Lexmark’s development of world-class imaging solutions also continued to impress the industry’s most influential and well-known market analyst firms. Three of these firms lauded Lexmark’s MPS as an industry leader in 2013, repeating the accolade from 2012– another outstanding achievement for the company.
Perceptive Software also received leadership accolades from market analysts for both its enterprise content management and healthcare solutions.
Financial Results Reflect Solid Execution
2013 financial results were highlighted by record revenue performance in our high value segments of MPS and Perceptive Software, record gross profit margin percentage, increased earnings and solid free cash flow.
MPS and Perceptive Software together grew 22 percent and comprised 26 percent of total revenue. Lexmark’s total revenue declined 3 percent as the company continued to navigate a sluggish economic environment and the diminishing impact from the planned decline inkjet exit revenue.
We have delivered a record gross profit margin percentage in each of the past five years. This is a clear reflection of the success we are seeing in growing our high value segments. For 12 consecutive years we have delivered positive free cash flow. This continues to fuel our transformation and enables the ongoing return of capital to our shareholders.
In regard to Lexmark’s inkjet exit, we sold our inkjet-related technology and assets in the second quarter for $100 million. This legacy business is behind us and we are now focused squarely on the needs of our business customers. Additionally, the restructuring actions we took in August 2012 delivered approximately $85 million in savings in 2013 and we project that these saving will increase to approximately $140 million in ongoing savings in 2015.
Focused on Delivering Value to Our Shareholders
Our disciplined capital allocation framework is comprised of two elements – returning capital to shareholders and driving shareholder value through expanding and growing our solutions and software capabilities and reach. Since 2011, Lexmark has generated nearly $800 million in free cash flow and returned nearly $700 million through dividend payments and share repurchases.
In 2013, we generated $308 million of free cash flow and returned $157 million to our shareholders. We paid an attractive dividend of $1.20 per share totaling $75 million and repurchased $82 million of the company’s shares.
We remain confident in Lexmark’s ability to continue to generate positive free cash flow as we have in each of the past 12years.
Our People Make the Difference
As we transform Lexmark, our employees remain focused and committed to our vision of Customers for Life. Our value proposition is steeped in this vision, our ability to listen to our customers, anticipate their needs and develop unique solutions to support their evolving business. Customers for Life is at the heart of everything we do. It drives all of us, and is what makes Lexmark a better partner for our customers than any of our competitors.
To our customers, our shareholders, our business partners and our employees, thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
Paul Rooke
Chairman and CEO Lexmark International, Inc
 