To my fellow shareholders,
2007 was a challenging year for Lexmark. Despite many positive things happening in our business, we saw a significant
decline in 2007 in our operating income driven by issues in our consumer market segment. As a result, in October 2007
we announced a set of key initiatives to improve our performanc
e while continuing to invest for the long term success of
Lexmark. These key initiatives are:
Continue the Growth in the Business Market Segment
In 2007, revenue in our business market segment grew to a record $3 billion as we continued to leverage Lexmark’s
unique strengths in output related workflow solutions and services. For the year we had strong growth in our Lexmark
branded workgroup laser units. We had on-going good growth in our laser supplies sales. We strengthened the product
line in 2007 with the introduction of a new family of color laser printers and multi-function devices. In addition, we
implemented a significant expansion of our large account sales force to improve the reach of our enterprise solutions
and services proposition. We believe these investments will continue to drive workgroup laser sales and supplies sales
in the years ahead.
Shift our Consumer Market Strategy
One of the major issues in our consumer segment is that our business is too skewed to the low end of the market and
to low usage devices. In the second half of 2007, we started to aggressively shift our focus to geographic regions,
market segments, and customers that generate higher supplies
usage. As part of this initiative we are optimizing our
marketing and sales spending, prioritizing specific markets and channels relative to supplies usage, and reducing or
eliminating units in lower priority markets and channels. In th
e near term, this action is negatively impacting our inkjet
unit sales and we expect this to continue through 2008. However, we believe that in the long term we will build a stronger
business on the foundation of higher usage devices.
As part of this focus shift to higher usage customers and pr
oducts, we are shifting our inkjet research and development
(R&D) efforts to areas such as wireless printing. Although this is still a small percentage of inkjet market units, we believe
wireless to be the fastest growing segment in the inkjet market. In 2007 we introduced a new family of wireless inkjet
products. By year end 2007, we had captured significant market share in the wireless inkjet segment in a number of major
countries, including the US.
Improve our Cost and Expense Structure
In October 2007, we announced a restructuring plan to improv
e our cost and expense struct
ure, which includes further
consolidation of our inkjet supplies manu
facturing facilities. This restructurin
g will impact about 1,650 positions, with
most moving to lower cost countries, at a cost of $90 milli
on. Savings in 2008 are projected to be about $40 million
with annualized savings of $60 million starting in 2009.
Continue to Invest in the Long Term
In 2007, we continued to expand our investments in R&D
with the goal of strengthening and broadening our product
line in the areas of color laser, laser multifunction products (MFPs), and inkjet all-in-ones (AIOs). These investments
are producing a steady stream of new products. In 2007, our products received significant industry recognition,
winning awards from leading industry magazines and test laboratories. In addition to awards for our monochrome
lasers, we also earned honors for our color lasers, wireless inkjet AIOs and laser MFPs.
We are also continuing to invest in developing the Lexmark brand. In 2007, we evolved our advertising campaign,
which highlights that 75 percent of the largest banks, retailers and pharmacies use Lexmark, to also emphasize the
industry-leading performance of our products and the recognition Lexmark received versus the competition. We
ran our advertising through the year in our top countries (U.S., U.K., France and Germany). In the fourth quarter, we
focused our advertising on our new line of wireless inkjet products, targeting small office and home office users.
Importantly, Lexmark continues to maintain a strong financial position, with good cash generation and a solid balance
sheet, which enables us to invest in the future of the business and compete effectively even during challenging times.
Looking ahead, we have more work to do in the consumer market segment to complete our planned strategy transition,
strengthen our product line and improv
e our distribution to better reach higher usage customers. In the business
market segment we also have more work to do to fully leverage our investments in R&D and sales force expansion.
However, we remain optimistic due to our significant strengths in the distributed output market. We internally develop
all three of the market’s core print technologies: color inkjet, mo
no laser and color laser. We believe this allows us to be
more responsive to our customers. We leverage this responsiveness through our industry focus and our close and fre-
quent customer interaction. This has allowed us to develop unique and differentiating workflow solutions and services
capabilities to meet the needs of our industry customers.
But I believe our greatest strength is our people. At Lexmark, our people make the difference. It’s their commitment
to our vision of creating customers for life that enables us to continue to win and renew our business with some of the
largest enterprises in the world. It’s their continued dedication to our customers that will enable us to work through our
current challenges to emerge as a stronger company.
In closing, I want to thank our customers, employees, business partners and investors for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Curlander
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lexmark International, Inc.