To my fellow shareholders:
During 2008, we made important progress on our core strategic initiatives. These initiatives are to increase our pres-
ence and our product offerings in key high usage segments in the business market, to shift our inkjet strategy to con-
centrate on higher page generating products and customers, and to lower our cost and expense structure. However,
as we progressed through the year, we were impacted by the global economic slowdown. This slowdown, combined
with our inkjet strategy transition, negatively affected both our revenue and earnings. As we start into 2009, we are pre-
paring ourselves for an extended market slowdown, but also ensuring that we continue the key strategic investments
that we believe are important for the long term growth and success of Lexmark.
Preparing for an Extended Market Slowdown
We have taken and continue to take actions to reduce our fixed infrastructure and business support costs, as well as to
improve our productivity and efficiency. As we finished 2008, we had substantially completed the restructuring actions
announced in 2007 and 2008. These actions will provide annualized savings of about $70 million starting in 2009. In
response to the weakening economic conditions, in January 2009 we announced an additional restructuring program
that will be substantially complete this year, and will generate about $50 million of annualized savings starting in 2010,
for a total of about $120 million in annualized savings thereafter.
Focusing our Key Strategic Investments
As we implement these actions to reduce our cost and expense structure, we remain committed to driving Lexmark’s
long term success. We plan to continue to invest in the important strategic product segments of color lasers, laser
multi-function products (MFPs) and business inkjets that better position us to capture pages in high usage segments.
We are also very focused on retaining and improving the productivity of our sales coverage for enterprise customers
and channel partners. Overall, our objective is to improve our competitive position so that we are a stronger company
when we eventually exit this current economic downturn.
Repositioning our Inkjet Business
During 2008 we continued to reposition our inkjet business to focus on products and customers that drive a higher
page usage, and eliminate lower page-generating units. As a result, our inkjet hardware and supplies revenue de-creased significantly during the year. However, we did improve our overall average unit selling price and the average
projected lifetime page generation per unit, and we believe that in the long term we will build a stronger business
on the foundation of higher usage devices. In 2008, we introduced our new Lexmark Professional Series of inkjet
products targeted to meet the needs of small office, home office, and small and medium business customers. The
award winning Professional Series products include business class features such as automatic document feeds,
two sided printing capability, wireless connectivity, high capacity ink cartridges, extended warranty offerings, and
lifetime phone support. During the year we continued our R&D investments in new inkjet technology and products
that will even better position us to meet the needs of the small and medium business customer. In January 2009,
our Consumer Printer Division was renamed the Imaging Solutions Division to better reflect this repositioning of our
focus to home office, small office and business users.
Advancing the Laser Business
Over the last several years we’ve been increasing our R&D investment in laser printer technology focused on advancing
our color laser and laser MFP product lines. In October 2008, in one of our largest product introductions in history, we
introduced 38 new laser models specifically designed to meet the needs of users in heavy page-generating areas of
large enterprises and small to medium businesses. This award winning line of products spans the segments of mono
laser printers, color laser printers and laser MFP devices. In 2008, our laser products received more awards in the U.S.
than any of our competitors. Also during the year we continued to grow our managed print services business, helping
our enterprise customers to greatly improve their visibility into their distributed print environment, to significantly reduce
their number of print devices and pages generated, and to dramatically reduce their costs and environmental footprint
due to printing.
Returning Capital to Shareholders
During 2008, Lexmark returned over $550 million to shareholders through share buyback programs. Over the last five
years, Lexmark has returned almost $3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases.
Our Financial Position is Strong
Although we expect to see on-going impacts through 2009 from the global economic issues and the on-going transition
of our inkjet business, Lexmark overall has a very strong financial position. We have a conservative capital structure. We
ended 2008 with nearly $1 billion in cash and current marketable securities. We have a business model that continued
to drive good cash generation, marking the seventh consecutive year that we have generated over $450 million in net
cash from operating activities. We are taking action to lower our cost and expense structure, and we are investing in core
technologies and sales coverage that will help to ensure our long term success.
Our People Make the Difference
We believe our greatest strength is our people. At Lexmark, our employees make the difference. It’s their commitment
to our vision of creating customers for life that enables us to continue to win and renew our business with some of the
largest enterprises in the world. Their continued dedication to our customers will enable us to work through our current
challenges to emerge as a stronger company.
In closing, I want to thank our customers, employees, business partners and investors for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Curlander
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lexmark International, Inc.