To
my fellow stockholders:
In 2003, we saw the continuance of a weak global economy and an aggressive pricing environment. However, even
with these challenging market conditions, Lexmark continued to grow and add value for our shareholders. Much of
this was attributable to our strong product announcements in 2003. During the year, we introduced a broad range of
new products, virtually replacing our entire product line. As a result, Lexmark set new annual records for revenue,
operating income and earnings per share.
Our revenue for 2003 was $4.8 billion, up 9 percent from 2002. Diluted net earnings per share were $3.34, an increase
of 20 percent. Operating income grew 16 percent to $594 million. For the year, we continued to see strong cash
generation, with net cash provided by operating activities of $748 million. Most encouraging was the pickup in our
inkjet sales in the second half of the year, and the overall double-digit growth in our inkjet and laser sales for the year.
Importantly, we continued to increase our installed base of products, which is expected to fuel a future stream
of supplies revenue.
As we move forward, we believe there are several significant reasons to be optimistic about Lexmark’s future.
The Market Is Moving Toward Lexmark
Lexmark is in the distributed output business for the home and office. While the world uses about 60 trillion printed
pages per year, only a small percentage is generated in the home and office on distributed devices like ours. As more
and more information and photographs come directly to the user in electronic rather than paper form, we believe that
the users will print more and more. As a result, we expect a market compound growth rate of distributed pages in the
range of 7 to 12 percent. We believe that the distributed market is the fastest growing segment within the total
hardcopy output market. Therefore, due to electronic communication and the Internet, we believe the market is shifting
to distributed output and as a result, is moving toward Lexmark.
Supplies Revenue Adds Stability
Lexmark’s business model is very straightforward. We invest in technology to develop and sell printing products with
the objective of growing our installed base, which drives recurring supplies sales. Supplies currently represent more
than 50 percent of our revenue – well over 50 percent of our gross profit – and are the profit engine of the business
model. Supplies profits then fund new technology investments and products, which drives the cycle again and again.
Based on our current estimates, our hardware sales over the past few years have increased our installed base of
products from 20 million units in 1999 to 52 million units in 2003. Supplies sales generally track the installed base.
Over that same period our core supplies revenue has grown from $1.1 billion in 1999 to $2.6 billion in 2003. Our core
laser and inkjet supplies revenue represented 55 percent of our business in 2003. The net result is, supplies add
predictability and stability to revenue and earnings, particularly during weak economic times.
Lexmark Has Unique Strengths
We
are exclusively focused on imaging and printing. We believe this makes us more responsive in understanding and
meeting the needs of our customers. It also makes us an attractive partner to companies like IBM and Dell since we
are not a competitor.
We
are vertically integrated in technology. That is, we internally develop all three of the core print technologies in
the industry – color inkjet, mono laser and color laser. This allows us to advance our technology and introduce
products quickly.
We
have a close relationship with our customers and, as a result, a greater understanding of their core paper-intensive
business processes. This relationship and knowledge, coupled with our vertical integration in technology, allow us to
help them streamline these paper-intensive workflows, reducing process cycle times and costs.
Growth Opportunities Ahead
Although we have seen significant growth over the past eight years through the expansion of our laser and inkjet
business, there are still many key growth segments in which we do not yet fully participate. In addition, we see the
opportunity to help our customers manage their hardcopy output, lowering their costs, and improving their
visibility to these costs. This provides an additional growth opportunity in the output-related services business.
Our Focus: Customers For Life
As a company, we have a single vision: Customers For Life. Within Lexmark there is a strong commitment to meeting
this high standard. This is what challenges us every day, and we believe this is also the key to our long-term success.
Thank you for your investment in Lexmark and thanks to our customers, employees and business partners for
helping to make our company an ongoing success.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Curlander
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 2004