To My Fellow Shareholders,
2011 was a good year for Lexmark given a challenging global economy. We continued to execute our strategy,
grow our core business, and remained focused on delivering value to our shareholders. Our progress resulted
in record results in several key areas of our business and led to continued and prestigious recognition as an
innovative industry leader.
Good Financial Results in a Challenging Global Economy
While Lexmark’s overall revenue was about flat in 2011, our core revenue grew despite somewhat stagnant
markets in North America and Europe. Our core growth was led by our laser business with record laser
revenue including record laser supplies revenue. This performance helped to drive a record gross profit
margin, a solid operating income margin, and $391 million of cash from operations in 2011.
Lexmark’s Strategy Remains On Track
In 2011 we continued to execute our strategy to expand our presence in the higher usage segments of the
imaging market while strengthening our end-to-end solutions capability.
Lexmark a Recognized Leader in Smart MFPs
Since the fall of 2008, we have announced more than 100 products aimed squarely at supporting business
customers, with award-winning devices ranging from business inkjets to large workgroup color laser multifunction
products (MFPs). In 2011 we delivered a third consecutive year of unit and market share growth in workgroup
A4 (8.5 inch x 11 inch paper size) laser devices. We also were recognized as the number two provider world
wide as measured by share of A4 pages printed. However, these smart devices are designed to bring far more
value than just efficient printing. They automatically collect key operational information for ongoing optimization
in a managed print services engagement. These smart MFPs integrate seamlessly into workflow processes to
capture and route paper-based content electronically, shortening process cycle times. Because of our thought
leadership here, a prestigious analyst firm positioned Lexmark as a leader in its MFP and printer report.
These are all strong indicators of our increasing success and presence in the higher usage segments of the market.
Lexmark a Recognized Leader in Managed Print Services
Lexmark’s managed print services (MPS) business continued to deliver in 2011 with revenue growth in excess
of 25 percent year to year, which is estimated to be two to three times the growth of the MPS market.
Additionally, our contract renewal rate with these large MPS customers was exceptional. In 2011, we retained
100 percent of the MPS contracts that were up for renewal. In fact, in each of the last five years, we’ve retained
more than 90 percent of our MPS contracts -- further proof of our ability to execute globally, and a wonderful
testament to our vision of Customers for Life.
In 2011, independent industry recognition further validated Lexmark’s leadership position in MPS. 
Two prestigious market analyst firms positioned Lexmark in the leader category in their respective MPS industry reports.
Lexmark a Growing Provider of End-to-End Solutions
Through Perceptive Software, we are competing and expanding our presence in the high growth enterprise
content management (ECM) and business process management (BPM) software markets, considerably
strengthening our ability to provide end-to-end industry-specific workflow solutions.
In October, Lexmark purchased the Netherlands-based BPM provider, Pallas Athena, and integrated it into
Perceptive Software, notably expanding our overall ECM and BPM software offerings and European presence.
Through our expanding MPS business and Perceptive Software, we are creating a strong, growing software
and services business at Lexmark.
Lexmark’s Core is Strong and Growing
As a result of our strategy and the actions we are taking, we saw revenue growth in the core. This core
growth was driven by stronger growth in core supplies, MPS, high end hardware, and software revenue.
We believe the growth we’re seeing in our core through MPS and business process solutions proves that our
value proposition resonates strongly with customers as they look for ways to save time and money.
Lexmark’s overall revenue in 2011, however, was dampened by the anticipated decline in legacy revenue,
primarily the trailing supplies from our former consumer inkjet business, which represented only 10 percent
of Lexmark’s fourth quarter 2011 revenue.
Focused on Delivering Value to Our Shareholders
We also remain focused on delivering value to our shareholders. We continue to shift and focus our talent
and resources on solutions targeting business customers while aggressively building and growing our
software offerings.
During 2011, we announced our capital allocation framework indicating our plan to return more than 50
percent of our free cash flow to shareholders, on average, through dividends and share repurchases. In 2011,
we paid our first dividend to shareholders and repurchased $250 million of our shares. We remain confident
in Lexmark’s ability to continue to generate positive free cash flow as we have in each of the past 10 years.
Our People Make the Difference
I am extremely proud of our talented employees around the world who are committed to our vision of Customers
for Life. In 2011, we celebrated our 20th anniversary by not only reflecting on our past, but also envisioning our
future. We have built our company around the fundamentals of listening carefully and anticipating the needs of
our customers - working to create innovative, industry-specific, customer-specific solutions. While technology
will continue to evolve, these Lexmark fundamentals won’t change.
To our customers, our investors, our business partners and our employees, thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Paul Rooke
Chairman and CEO
Lexmark International, Inc.
