   To My Fellow Shareholders,
As I reflect back on 2014, I am pleased with Lexmark’s performance this year and with our momentum as we enter 2015.
Our higher value solutions portfolio revenue comprised of Managed Print Services (MPS) and Perceptive Soft- ware delivered strong growth again in 2014. MPS has grown in each of the past 15 years, delivering double- digit growth in 13 of those years. Together with the ongoing growth of Perceptive Software, our higher value solutions revenue exceeded our $1 billion target in 2014 and in the fourth quarter comprised approximately one third of our total revenue.
Throughout the year we continued to invest in and expand Lexmark’s industry-leading imaging technology while also continuing to add software capabilities that strengthen and differentiate Lexmark’s solutions value proposition.
Our solutions are industry specific, and connect our customers’ unstructured information with the processes, applications and people that need it most to drive their business forward. Our expanding capabilities in areas such as healthcare and financial process automation will enable us to further strengthen existing relationships and win new customers in 2015 and beyond.
Expansion, Customer Success and Industry Recognition
Lexmark’s combination of technology ownership, deep industry expertise and customer intimacy, all focused on the unstructured information challenge, is unique in the industry. Our approach permeates all areas of Lexmark as we bring solutions to market that enhance customers’ productivity while concurrently delivering cost savings.
Last year, we expanded our solutions portfolio with the acquisition of Sweden-based ReadSoft, a leading provider of financial process automation software. ReadSoft capabilities include deep integration expertise for SAP and Oracle ERPs and the company brings to us a strong European presence for our growing international software business.
We also acquired two other software companies, Claron Technology and GNAX, which further expand our health- care expertise in this dynamic and growing market. These acquisitions will enable Perceptive Software to offer unique solutions that will help healthcare enterprises meet the challenge of managing the rapidly growing amount of unstructured medical content being created and digitized. The result of our expanded healthcare solutions of- fering will be improved access to this content for physicians and providers and ultimately better patient care.
Our strategy is working. In our high value segments of MPS and Perceptive Software, we continue to advance our solution capabilities and expand our customer base. For our MPS offering alone, within the past 24 months, Lexmark competed for and won 23 new MPS contracts with companies listed on either the Global 500 or Fortune 500, which represent incremental business to the company. In addition, as we continue to deliver savings and value to our customers, our renewal rates in 2014 were 95 percent and 96 percent for MPS and Perceptive Software customers, respectively.
Paul Rooke
Chairman and CEO

While we are focused on our capabilities and winning and retaining customers, Lexmark’s development of world-class imaging solutions also continued to impress the industry’s most influential and well-known market analyst firms. In 2014, Lexmark was named an MPS leader for the fourth consecutive year by one firm, and for the third consecutive year by two others.
Perceptive Software also was favorably positioned in key evaluations for the year, repeating a 2013 accolade for leadership in enterprise content management. Perceptive Software’s enterprise search solution also received lead- ership positioning in 2014, and its enterprise video content management capabilities received high marks as well.
Financial Results Reflect Solid Execution, Focus on Delivering Shareholder Value
Lexmark’s financial results were highlighted by strong higher value solutions revenue growth, non-GAAP EPS of $4.04 and free cash flow representing more than 100 percent of our non-GAAP net income.
Approximately 70 percent of Lexmark’s revenue comes from the company’s more predictable imaging and software annuity streams. These annuity streams and exceptional working capital performance enabled us to deliver free cash flow of $282 million, which exceeded our expectation for the year. We remain confident in Lexmark’s ability to generate positive free cash flow as we have in each of the past 13 years.
This free cash flow fuels our transformation and enables the ongoing return of capital to our shareholders. Since 2011, Lexmark has generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow and has returned 78 percent of this to share- holders through dividend payments and share repurchases.
Our People Make the Difference
We remain focused and committed to our vision of Customers for Life. Our value proposition is steeped in this vision and our ability to listen to our customers, anticipate their needs and develop unique solutions to support their evolving business. Customers for Life is at the heart of everything we do. It drives all of us, and is what makes Lexmark a better partner for our customers than any of our competitors.
To our shareholders, our customers, our business partners and our employees, thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
Paul Rooke
Chairman and CEO Lexmark International, Inc
 