   Paul Curlander, chairman and CEO
To my fellow Lexmark stockholders: When I wrote to you a year ago, I was pleased to report that despite a weak economic environment, Lexmark had outperformed the market by growing revenue and generating profit in each quarter of 2001. Because the timing of a recovery was uncertain, we took steps to decrease the size of our infrastructure and lower expenses in the event of a prolonged downturn. As a result of that restructuring and the success of our new products, Lexmark delivered financial results in 2002 that set records for revenue, operating income and earnings per share.
Our revenue for 2002 was $4.4 billion, up 6 percent from 2001. Diluted net earnings per share were $2.79, an increase of 36 percent. Operating income grew 50 percent to $511 million and cash from operations rose to $816 million – a growth rate of 317 percent. Importantly, we also saw a significant increase in our installed printer base, which is expected to fuel a current and future stream of supplies revenue.
As we move forward into 2003, we continue working to strengthen our company, and there are three significant reasons why we are optimistic about the future.

Distributed printing is growing. Currently, about 3 trillion pages are printed each year in the home and office. While this is a tremendous amount, it is only 5 percent of the total world paper usage of around 60 trillion pages. The vast majority of pages are printed outside the home and office – books, magazines, newspapers, etc. – what you would call mass publication. These pages are then transported into the home and office in paper form. The Internet, however, is having a significant impact on this flow. As this content comes online, it will be delivered electronically directly to users, who can print
or not print, but will do so only for their personal productivity in the home or office. As a result, we believe that the amount of pages being
printed in a distributed way, in the home or office, will increase significantly. Instead of being 5 percent of total paper usage, we
believe that by 2010 it could represent 10 percent to 15 percent or more of total paper usage. This means that the 3 trillion pages currently printed in the home or office could grow to possibly
8 trillion pages by the end of the decade.
We believe the future of printing is distributed printing and that the
Internet will continue to increase distributed print output at a
compounded annual rate of 7 percent to 12 percent. So,
the market is moving toward distributed output and pages,
and that is where Lexmark is focused. We are in the distributed output business in both the home and office.
WORLDWIDE REVENUE
Lexmark’s revenue rose 6 percent in 2002 to $4.4 billion.
  
Our supplies annuity provides stability. Lexmark has a
very straightforward business model: We sell printers to deliver customer solutions that drive sales of our after-market supplies – primarily toner and ink cartridges. Increasing supplies sales is not only a factor of more electronic information flow, but also a function of the growing base of installed printers. From 1998 through 2002 our installed base of laser printers increased significantly from approximately 2.9 million to 4.9 million units. Over this same period, our inkjet printer installed base jumped sharply from approximately 10 million to 45 million units. This growth has driven an expansion of our supplies business from $836 million in 1998, or 28 percent of our total revenue, to $2.3 billion last year, or 54 percent of our total revenue. The resulting supplies annuity represents a stable and reliable source of funding needed to drive the research and development of products with the features, functions and cost-effectiveness that best serve our customers in
the home and office. In fact, it is during times of economic instability that the power of our supplies-driven business model is most evident.
 REVENUE BY CATEGORY
Printers Supplies
Laser and inkjet supplies revenue grew 19 percent in 2002 to $2.3 billion.
.
    
   Lexmark is unique. We are 100 percent focused on printing solutions and services. This focus gives Lexmark multiple advantages. Because we
own all three core print technologies – color inkjet, monochrome laser and color laser – we can be faster to market and more effective at driving down costs. Because we’re not in the PC business, we’re in a strong position to develop and maintain partnerships with companies around the world like IBM, Legend and Dell. Because we understand printing, we can use our technology and expertise to meet customers’ specific requirements, streamline their paper-intensive workflows and reduce process cycle times and cost.
Lexmark is also unique in that our sales teams work directly with our corporate customers, organized by industry, such as retail, financial services, the public sector and health care. This not only generates demand, but
also enables us to develop industry-specific applications and services that differentiate Lexmark and take us well beyond a simple printer hardware sale.
These unique characteristics keep Lexmark well-positioned to capitalize on the key developing growth opportunities in the market: the convergence of printers, copiers and fax machines in both the home and office; the growth of color pages in the office; and the leveraging of e-business infrastructure to re-engineer paper-intensive processes. Lexmark’s strong lineup of multifunction products, the introduction of our own internally developed color laser technology and the continued evolution of our output-centric solutions and services capabilities have us poised to participate in and capitalize on these key industry growth opportunities.

 Our customers are for life. We believe that we are succeeding because our customers like our products and services, they like our people and they like doing business with us. We have a single vision: Customers For Life. This is the standard that challenges us and drives our daily interactions with customers, business partners and co-workers. We believe this is also the key to our long-term success.
Thank you for your investment in Lexmark and thanks to our business partners, our customers and our employees for helping to make our company an ongoing success.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Curlander
Chairman and chief executive officer March 11, 2003
  DILUTED NET EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)
Earnings were $2.79 per share in 2002, compared to $2.05 in 2001.
2000 EPS was reduced by 22 cents as a result of restructuring and related charges. 2001 EPS was reduced by 48 cents as a result of restructuring and related charges and was increased by 30 cents as a result of an income tax reversal due to the resolution of tax matters. 2002 EPS was increased by 3 cents as a result of reversal of restructuring and related charges.
 