TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2005 represented a new beginning for our company. We entered the public markets in late December as an independent company under new leadership, with a new strategy, identity and a strong balance sheet. Our primary focus during the latter part of the year was on rightsizing our cost structure and tightening our strategic and operational focuses. We exited noncore businesses, reduced our workforce by 10% and streamlined our reporting structure, realigning 12 separate business units into six. In short, our new strategy is based on providing the artist and fan with memorable and meaningful live experiences that they will remember for the rest of their lives. The company's focus is on creating those special moments where the live entertainment experience will take fans around the world beyond ordinary and into the extraordinary. We will provide fans with a true connection to their favorite artists and to each other. We believe that fans who have connected with their favorite artist at our live events will download, buy, listen and share memories of the show in ways that represent significant growth opportunities for Live Nation. As Live Nation becomes the standard by which artists are served and the live entertainment experience is measured, we will unlock further value in our key assets: our 153 venues that we own, manage or book; our global and national touring platform; and the 60 million addressable fans who attend our events. In addition, we believe that the establishment of the Live Nation brand and new initiatives in the on-line world will also open up marketing opportunities to better serve our artists and advertising partners and provide a tangible platform to market and distribute our new product lines. We are also focused on unlocking the value of our distribution network of 153 venues around the world. In fact, one of the new business units we created is charged with maximizing the performance of our venue portfolio. Initial areas of focus will include evaluating our geographic footprint and our mix of venue properties by type and size, as well as determining the current market value of our real estate property. Under this new structure, we also expect to realize operational improvements as we look to improve the overall experience for our customers by expanding on the quality, as well as the types, of services we provide. Overall, toward the end of 2005 and over the last several months we have made significant strides in laying the groundwork for the long-term success of our company. However, there is still much work ahead. The balance of 2006 will represent a period of implementation and execution for Live Nation. In the years ahead, we expect that our new strategic direction will unlock and create new opportunities for our partners, customers and, ultimately, our shareholders. With the benefit of a strong balance sheet, we also have the financial flexibility to invest in our business and pursue growth opportunities that enhance shareholder value over the long-term. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress.

Michael Rapino President and Chief Executive Officer

