TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS We continued to demonstrate success in 2007 in executing our strategic plan. We took multiple steps to transform Live Nation into a vertically integrated live music company that directly unites artists, fans and sponsors across all revenue generating products. We are moving ahead to capitalize on our global concert platform as artists look for expanded and new business partners. Reaching an agreement in principle with U2 for a 12-year exclusive partnership is another significant validation that Live Nation is the most attractive option for the biggest artists in the world. Madonna, and now U2, believe in Live Nation and our promising future as a highly innovative music company that is responding quickly to changes in the music business landscape. As a result, we believe Live Nation is a significantly stronger organization, strategically and financially, than only one year ago. Over the next year, we will continue to build on our three core strategies: · Grow our global concert platform internally · Prepare to launch our global ticketing, online business in 2009 · Continue to enter relationships with touring artists for longer and wider product lines centered around our core concert business When we launched Live Nation in December 2005, the company had been declining in overall profitability for the previous few years. We set out to stop the decline and turn Live Nation into a growth company by running our core business better and by expanding into new revenue streams. In 2007, we set out to do four main things, all of which we achieved ­ to improve our North American Music operations, grow our International Music platform, launch the Live Nation Artist division and define our Ticketing/ Online future. In 2007 we entered into a long-term agreement with CTS Eventim that will enable us to fully capitalize on our 20 million controlled tickets annually and launch our own global ticketing business in 2009. Operating our own ticketing platform will complete our vertical integration from artist to fan by removing the final barrier between Live Nation and the millions of fans we serve. 2008 will be another exciting year in our transition. In today's environment, the greatest achievement for any company is to build a solid track record of growth which opens the door to new business opportunities. We are one of the rare music companies that is growing organically. We are investing in both our Ticketing/Online and Live Nation Artists divisions, which we believe will provide solid revenue growth in the years to come. Two years ago when we launched Live Nation, we set forth to be the change that artists and fans were demanding and to leverage our global concert leadership into a more vertically integrated model that better serves fans and artists ­ 24 months later we have made bold moves, and we are creating real momentum that will help us accelerate our transition. We look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Thank you for your interest in and support of Live Nation.

Michael Rapino President and Chief Executive Officer April 21, 2008 www.livenation.com

