 2014 - Record Year
• Record-Setting Ticketmaster GTV of $23 Billion
• TM+ GTV Over $1 Billion Since Launch
• Over 1 Billion Fans Visit Websites
• Online Advertising Profit up 15% with 80% Margin
• Revenue Up 6% to $6.9 Billion
• AOI Up 10% to $555 Million TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
2014 Results
Live Nation continues to be the global leader in the live events industry with another record year. In 2014, the company grew adjusted operating income (AOI) by 10%, revenue by 6%, and free cash flow by 9%.
We continue to see the tremendous power of live events, with strong global consumer demand. Live is a truly unique entertainment form; it cannot be duplicated. It is elevated, not threatened, by technology and is borderless. Fans around the world can now discover, follow, share and embrace artists, creating greater demand for live shows.
Technology is similarly transforming ticketing. Ticket sales are continuing their rapid shift to mobile, with 35% growth in 2014 to 18% of total ticket sales, leading to higher fan engagement, conversion and a better purchase flow.
We believe the live business will continue to have strong growth for years to come as connected fans drive demand, artists are motivated to tour and mobile technology drives conversion.
Our Concerts Market Share Continues to Grow
In 2014, we built on a record 2013 by growing Concerts revenue 5%. We again grew our global market share, as we promoted the majority of shows for 22 of the top 25 global tours. At the same time, we expanded our global footprint in the Philippines, Thailand, Taiwan and Indonesia, while also building our portfolio of marquee North America festival assets with the acquisition of Austin City Limits and Lollapalooza festivals and brands.
Artist Nation Business Delivered Strong Growth
Our artist management business grew AOI by 50% as we attracted more managers and artists to Live Nation last year, including U2, Madonna, Lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Britney Spears, Nicki Minaj, Lil Wayne and Alicia Keys. And the benefit from aligning with our concerts business is proving successful as these artists chose to tour with Live Nation for over 700 shows in 2014, more than double the number in 2012.
Sponsorship and Advertising Continue Double-Digit Growth
From this expanded concert base we again grew our advertising business at a double-digit pace, with a 10% increase in AOI for the year in our highest margin business at over 70% of revenue. As part of this, online advertising AOI grew even faster, at 15%.
This growth was driven by two initiatives. First, we have remained focused on growing our fan network, increasing traffic by 17%, for a total of over one billion visitors throughout the year. And second, we are now monetizing our content, notably our deal with Yahoo! to distribute a streaming concert every day, which has driven increased interest by advertisers to our online platform, spurring the growing profitability of the business.

Yahoo! and VICE are just the beginning of our entry into the media space, driving advertising with high quality live music-related video offerings that we believe will continue to expand and drive advertising growth.
Our unique ad platform has enabled us to attract new strategic sponsors such as Pepsi, Hilton and SAP last year. With these additions, we now have approximately 60 companies that pay us over $1 million each year for sponsorship and advertising, accounting for over $200 million in spend with Live Nation, and an additional 700 companies that also advertise on our platform, generating a collective $300 million in revenue. We believe we can continue to upsell and convert these 700 sponsors as we grow our average deal size.
Ticketmaster Platform Driving Growth Through New Products
Ticketmaster continued to build on its global leadership with the introduction of new products that instantly scale on Ticketmaster’s platform and drive revenue. In 2014, these new products helped drive a 7% increase in the gross transaction value of primary tickets to $23 billion, and a 55% increase in secondary gross transaction value.
Our most successful new product launch has been integrated secondary ticketing, with over $1 billion of secondary gross transaction value since its launch in the fall of 2013. The number of events activated in 2014 increased 500% to 10,000 integrated events listed on Ticketmaster. Secondary growth for concerts in particular has been very strong, with a 350% year-on-year GTV increase, demonstrating how Ticketmaster can leverage Live Nation Concerts as its top customer to immediately establish scale with new products. And despite this strong growth, only 6% of Ticketmaster events in 2014 were activated with secondary inventory, so we have substantial runway for growth ahead.
At the same time we have shifted our product focus for event discovery, purchase, and ticket management to mobile. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2014 for the first time we had more visitors to our mobile sites than desktop. There remain tremendous growth opportunities for Ticketmaster traffic and conversion. The shift to mobile will more effectively link fans with shows and Ticketmaster’s ability to drive mobile app installations, as it continues to be the number one place to discover and buy tickets.
Our commitment to our venue clients is to provide them with the best service and products in the industry, and this continues to bear out as we achieved a net renewal rate of over 100% for the fifth straight year.
In addition to enabling better products, as a result of our technology investments we are also lowering our operating costs, and by the end of 2014 we reduced our cost per ticket in North America by almost 25 cents per ticket, ahead of our planned timetable.
Demonstrating Ticketmaster’s robust business, it had the second biggest day in its over 30-year history in February 2015, selling over one million tickets. The top day was 12 years ago, and we expect we can still break that this year.
2015 Growth Drivers
We are confident that our business model, and its scale, provides ongoing growth potential. There remain continued opportunities to consolidate the global concerts business, and we will use that scale to drive fan monetization, advertising and ticketing.
Thank you to our stockholders, employees and the artists, venues and fans we serve for continued belief in, and support of, Live Nation Entertainment!
Michael Rapino
President & Chief Executive Officer Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.
 