 a letter
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  This past March, La-Z-Boy celebrated its 90th year in business, an impressive milestone in our company’s history. It is remarkable how many attributes and values we share today with the company our founders, Edward M. Knabusch
and Edwin J. Shoemaker, established in 1927, when they worked tirelessly in a garage to develop the unique reclining wood-slat chair that would launch the world-renowned La-Z-Boy brand and, ultimately, a new category in furniture – the iconic recliner. Our heritage is steeped in innovation, and today that spirit remains at our core, providing
the driving force to continue their legacy and
bring revolutionary products to market. And, nine decades later, our values remain steadfast and true to their same commitment of providing quality products to our customers, offering employees
a progressive work environment, supporting
the communities in which we do business and operating with unwavering integrity.
Yet, over the span of almost a century, a lot has changed at La-Z-Boy, providing our team with the best of both worlds as we honor our past and
embrace the future. Within a changing world, we have become vigilant with regard to environmental stewardship and are proud of the strides we have made in sustainability. And, with a growing retail operation central to our integrated retail strategy, an expanded family of brands (including England, Kincaid, American Drew and Hammary), a world- class global supply chain and an import business for wood furniture, our company has indeed evolved since its founding. As we move forward, we plan to capitalize on our expertise in product innovation coupled with our premier global supply chain – a powerful combination that will drive us into new areas.
Our heritage is steeped in innovation, and today our founders’ spirit remains at our core, providing the driving force to continue their legacy and bring revolutionary products to market.
Shareholders’ Meeting
Tuesday, August 29, 2017, 8:00 AM (Eastern) Westin Detroit Metropolitan Airport Wright Room, 2501 Worldgateway Place Romulus, Michigan USA
  ANNUAL REPORT 2017
 2
   