 FISCAL YEAR 2013 OVERVIEW
SALES GROWTH
During fiscal 2013, we grew sales by $100 million, turned the retail segment profitable, increased operating income by 36%, opened 10 new concept design stores throughout the network, entered new markets and expanded our stationary upholstery business. We also generated $68 million in cash from operations, reinstated our quarterly dividend and purchased approximately 700,000 shares. In addition, after 86 years in our existing location, we announced plans to build a new World Headquarters in our hometown of Monroe, Michigan, that will provide a much more collaborative and effective workspace to help take our company into the future.
Our success is reflected in our financial performance and valuation. In fiscal 2013, we earned $0.85 per diluted share on an increase in sales of 8.2% to $1.3 billion and closed the year with $174 million in cash, cash equivalents and investments. Our market capitalization surpassed the $1 billion level this year, rebounding from a low point of approximately $30 million in early 2009. And, since the financial and credit crisis that began in the fall of 2008, we have reported 16 quarters of profitability. Our goal was to ensure that our swift and aggressive restructuring and repositioning efforts would allow us to operate profitably even if demand trends did not strengthen from that time period and, if demand increased, we would be able to earn a higher profit on the additional sales. With the heavy lifting behind us, our growth potential is yet to be maximized, providing for an exciting future as we leverage the potential of the solid platform and business model we have created.
Today, our positioning in the marketplace is as solid as it has ever been. La-Z-Boy is the most recognized brand in the industry. Our “Live life comfortably” advertising campaign, compelling product line, new concept store format and strong merchandising strategies are driving sustained volume growth and same-store-sales comparisons. Essential to our growth strategy is a focus on branded distribution, particularly the build out of the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store network, the channel through which we are experiencing the strongest momentum. As housing and the overall macroeconomic environment continue to improve, we are well positioned to capitalize on those trends and leverage our lean operating structure.
 2013 Annual Report 05
   
 Eden sofa and Arianna chair
STRIVING FOR IMPROVED PERFORMANCE
PROFITABLE GROWTH
While confident in our ability to execute on a strategy we believe will continue to deliver results, our work will never be done. We will not rest on our laurels. Rather, we will continue on our lean journey and ensure we adjust and adapt to the outside environment, remain nimble with our responses and develop creative solutions and growth opportunities to strengthen the solid foundation we have established in North America and around the world.
In addition to facing macroeconomic challenges over recent years, the furniture industry also had to respond to and overcome a myriad of changes that had occurred throughout the industry, including an influx of inexpensive upholstery and wood imports from Asia and a dislocation in the upholstery supply chain with fabric and leather moving offshore. At the same time, the retail landscape
experienced its own disruption with traditional furniture retailers closing their doors and alternative forms of distribution surfacing, most notably online, big-box and lifestyle retailers.
We addressed these issues head on. The overriding concern, however, was to ensure there were enough distribution outlets through which to sell our furniture and generate sustainable growth. This drove the development of our strategy to emphasize branded distribution, where we are able to offer the consumer the best brand experience, including the opportunity to see our full merchandise assortment while receiving an excellent sales presentation.
  06 La-Z-Boy Incorporated
  
 At the core of our growth strategy is the plan to expand our branded distribution channel from today’s level of 878 outlets to approximately 1,000, including La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores and Comfort Studios® (a store-within- a-store format). When completed, these branded locations will represent approximately 80% of the La-Z-Boy division’s volume. We have identified around 80 additional potential locations throughout North America for La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores, which would bring our store count to about 400. Split between our independent dealers and the company, plans are to complete the build out over the next five years. We have dubbed this our “4-4-5” strategy: 400 stores averaging $4 million in sales per store in five years. And, we are working to grow our Comfort Studios® count to 600. Historically, the La-Z-Boy branded business has provided the greatest return of all our companies, and we believe it will continue to do so as we take advantage of the current solid momentum of our business to open more stores.
During fiscal 2013, six new La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores were opened across the network. The company opened four new stores, including three in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania market – a market without La-Z-Boy distribution for several years. There are a number of other markets without any stores, such as southeast Michigan, right in our own backyard, where we will open three stores this fall. The good news is that our store network has performed well these past couple of years, providing confidence across our dealer base that the time is right to grow the network.
The success of our advertising campaign is demonstrable in the strong same-store written sales numbers we have posted for the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store system. Over the two-and-a-half-year life of the campaign, which features Brooke Shields as our brand ambassador, we more than doubled our time on TV and experienced a consequent increase in volume. While maintaining a discipline of keeping our advertising spend at a consistent percentage of sales, moving forward, we will continue to invest in the campaign to drive consumers to the La-Z-Boy brand and our various locations, thereby supporting the ongoing investment we and our dealers are making to build out our store system.
We also see great opportunity to continue to grow our stationary upholstery business. Known for recliners, La-Z-Boy enjoys the largest market share percentage in the category. However, the market for stationary sofas, loveseats and occasional chairs is much larger and, while we have enjoyed strong recent growth in these categories, the opportunity for us to continue to increase our share is significant. Also, as our advertising works to widen the age demographic of our consumer base, we believe this will not only drive overall sales, but enhance sales across all our product categories.
  La-Z-Boy – Kuka Store, Hangzhou, China
Increasing Our Presence
Around the World
While we are concentrating on growing our North American retail footprint, we are also working to increase our presence around the world, expanding upon the more than 40 countries where La-Z-Boy furniture is currently sold. During fiscal 2013, we grew our international team to focus on increasing sales in the Latin American, European, Middle Eastern, African and Asian markets. And since its launch in March of 2012, our partner in China, Kuka, has opened more than 40 La-Z-Boy stores and has plans to open between 75 and 100 stores in the coming year.
2013 Annual Report 07
 
 Ontario, California Distribution Center
A PLATFORM FOR THE FUTURE
INTEGRATED RETAIL
Over the past five years, we have been working on the execution of our integrated retail strategy. This has allowed us to provide consumers with a more holistic and consistent experience across all touch points, from manufacturing to delivery and service. Importantly, it also has allowed us to capture both the wholesale and retail margins.
During this time period, we transformed our company-owned retail operation and it will play an essential role in our company’s future. Back in the fall of 2008, we brought in a new management team who completely restructured the segment’s operations and cost structure, improved margins, modified selling processes and played a central role in the revamping of our Regional
Distribution Center system. All of these changes resulted in a steady performance improvement for the segment, culminating in profitability this year. That said, much potential remains, particularly as we build out our La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store system over the next five years, through which the company could ultimately own about 40% of the potential 400 stores within North America. We continue to grow our company-owned store base and, in fiscal 2013, increased our store count to 94, which included the three stores opened in Pittsburgh and the acquisition of nine stores in the southern Ohio market.
  08
La-Z-Boy Incorporated
  
 LEAN AND EFFICIENT MANUFACTURING
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
 Core to our strategic repositioning was ensuring we created a model that would allow us to maintain competitiveness, and this necessitated a number of significant modifications to our operating structure.
With a strong brand heritage built on quality products manufactured in the U.S., shoring up the efficiencies of our domestic manufacturing facilities was essential to maintain competitiveness and deliver on our brand promise to the consumer: custom furniture with quick delivery. Shortly before the financial crisis of 2008, we completed the two-and-a-half-year process of converting our La-Z-Boy branded manufacturing facilities to a cellular form of production. This lean manufacturing method enabled us to increase speed and quality, while lowering costs significantly. And, in April of 2008, we announced we would move our cutting-and-sewing operations for our custom-order business to Mexico, where fabric kits are made at a lower cost and shipped to our U.S. plants within a 48-hour period. That operation is performing well and is integral to the overall success of our wholesale upholstery segment.
To provide some perspective on the efficiencies of our operations, today we are manufacturing the same amount of furniture in our five La-Z-Boy branded facilities as we did in nine plants several years ago. And, what is most exciting is that our lean structure provides the ability to manufacture approximately $250 to $300 million in additional wholesale volume at our existing manufacturing facilities without any new brick and mortar. Given the relatively high fixed-cost structure of our plants and of our retail segment, we have good potential to leverage additional volume and increase our level of profitability. Our operating platform is key to ensuring the success of our integrated retail strategy and the ability to maximize the blended wholesale/retail operating margin.
Our efficiencies also have been improved through blended sourcing strategies that were adopted by our upholstery and casegoods businesses. And, we streamlined our distribution center operations for the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store system. In addition to reducing costs, the Regional Distribution Centers provide for efficiencies in inventory management and service. We
have improved our flow of goods by keeping our bestsellers in stock and providing our dealers with access to a much larger base of inventory, enabling them to concentrate on the front end of their business while we manage inventory, logistics, delivery and service.
Custom Furniture with Quick Delivery
Although the La-Z-Boy branded business represents the largest component of the total enterprise, our other companies – Bauhaus and England in our upholstery segment, and American Drew, Lea, Hammary and Kincaid in our casegoods segment – also have undergone changes in their structures, and are operating as lean and efficient entities which are contributing to our results. They also provide the overall enterprise with access to additional distribution channels. Our dealers have responded positively to the new lines of furniture England introduced to broaden its offering, including a line of affordably priced motion furniture and a line of more modern, stationary upholstered furniture, both of which should serve to drive growth. And, while the casegoods industry as a whole has been more challenged since the 2008-2009 period due to the higher ticket associated with full wood room groups, we believe it is poised to benefit from a strengthening housing market.
In addition, to support the many growth initiatives across the corporation, we are making investments in various technologies and systems while working to streamline and strengthen our global supply chain process to improve productivity and efficiencies. These initiatives, combined with the many changes implemented throughout our manufacturing facilities, will enable us to better service our customer base while reducing our lead times.
  2013 Annual Report 09
 
 New store format Design Center
 EXCEEDING EXPECTATIONS
INCREASING CONSUMER ENGAGEMENT
   10
Every day we need to ensure that we meet, and hopefully exceed, consumers’ expectations of La-Z-Boy so they continue to rely on us to deliver a great brand, shopping and product experience. We also are striving to increase consumers’ understanding of all that La-Z-Boy represents and how we can make their lives and homes more comfortable and stylish.
The “Live life comfortably” brand platform continues to build momentum. Elevating our image and defining what the brand means today, the campaign highlights the fact that La-Z-Boy offers a broad range and selection of great-looking, on-trend upholstered furniture beyond recliners. The advertising campaign has broadened our reach with the consumer, increasing consideration for our product among an expanded age group. All of these factors work to solidify our position as the strongest brand in the industry and demonstrate that we are a credible home décor retailer in the mind of the consumer.
La-Z-Boy Incorporated
Our new concept La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores truly represent the La-Z-Boy brand and products today and provide an in-store experience that is in alignment with our marketing. With a more modern look and
feel, the stores are set up by style category and designed to highlight customization opportunities and increase the average ticket by showing fully accessorized room groups. To date, there are 14 new concept design stores across North America, and all new stores will be in the new concept design, with existing stores converted to the new design over time.
Connecting
with Consumers Everywhere
  
 Once in the stores, consumers visualize the potential for their rooms and they are more interested in taking advantage of our free In-Home Design service, where they have the opportunity to work one on one with a certified interior designer to decorate their rooms from top to bottom – frame and fabric selection, accessories, furniture configuration and paint colors. We believe this service is a key differentiator for us within the industry and, as more customers become aware of it, we are gaining traction in this line of our business. Representing approximately 20% of sales across the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores today, the potential to grow the In-Home Design business is significant. Research tells us that, ultimately, the consumer truly enjoys and appreciates professional decorating assistance and not only is more satisfied with a beautifully decorated room, but is more inclined to utilize the La-Z-Boy In-Home Design service for additional rooms throughout her home.
With respect to our product line, we strive to offer the consumer enhanced choice and customization, including a wide selection of fabric and other product options with innovation at their roots. In tandem with our advertising campaign, we have designed more stylish and on-trend furniture pieces throughout our stationary product group. The frames for these pieces are sleeker in scale, have cleaner and more modern lines and interesting accents, like contemporary tufting and tapered wood legs. Our line of power furniture has also exhibited great success as we provide a mechanism that is unique in the marketplace. Smooth and quiet, the mechanism offers the consumer more
functionality and appeals to those who are interested in technology and the innovative aspect of our products.
As consumers continue to increase their engagement with all things digital and interactive, we are focused on the continuous enhancement of various digital platforms, including web and mobile sites, and our interaction with our consumers through social media platforms such as
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Pinterest. We are striving to ensure that all of our digital connection points inspire the consumer, provide opportunities for her to interact with us, educate her on our products, stores, promotions and prices and, when she prefers, allow her to purchase those products online. La-Z-Boy.com offers the ability for consumers to design and purchase our furniture at the same level that is available in our stores, with the model providing the optimum balance between a national web presence and local delivery and Zip-code-based pricing determined by the local La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® dealer.
Early in calendar 2013, we launched the second version of our mobile site to respond to and capitalize on the incredible increase in the use of smartphones and other mobile devices. The new and improved site features Zip-code-based pricing to ensure our consumers have accurate, local information at their fingertips, the ability to customize their furniture with any fabric they choose and details on their nearest store based on geo-sensed location data, among several other new features. We believe having the ability to do everything from selecting fabrics to purchasing home furnishings on a smartphone will be a driving factor in our e-commerce and overall growth.
  