  la-z-boy.com 1
 TO
  OUR SHAREHOLDERS
                                                     Fiscal 2011 presented challenges – from continued weakness in the housing sector and consumer confidence levels to ongoing high unemployment and declining discretionary income. Despite this difficult operating environment, La-Z-Boy Incorporated made progress executing against a set of strategic initiatives. We controlled the “controllables” and are building the foundation for growth and expansion.
Indeed, operational excellence remains a hallmark of our business philosophy and drives every decision we make to move the company forward on a path of profitable growth. Today, our operating platform is lean across all business segments and the effect of this structure is demonstrable in our results. For the fiscal year 2011, our revenues were $1.2 billion and we earned $0.45 per share. For more than half the year, the sales environment throughout the industry was fairly stagnant and the industry itself did not generate the growth that was forecasted. Despite the timid sales environment, we did improve the operating performance of both our casegoods and retail businesses. Although the industry seems to have bounced off the lows of the 2008-2009 period, it is too early to tell if the sales momentum experienced toward the end of fiscal 2011 is sustainable.
Operational excellence remains
a hallmark of our business philosophy.
While our upholstery segment performed solidly this year with a 7.9% operating margin, fueled primarily by the efficient cellular platform established throughout our La-Z-Boy branded facilities, its results were impacted by significantly higher raw material prices and delays in achieving the full cost savings from our Mexican cut- and-sew operation. Because raw material prices have not decreased, and, in fact, in some cases have moved even higher, we are monitoring pricing and will respond accordingly. Additionally, our Mexican facility has improved its production efficiencies and we expect to realize the full cost savings from the project in fiscal 2012.
Our casegoods segment reversed a previous-year operating loss and, this year, posted a 4.4% operating margin on a slight increase in sales. Utilizing a blended model of domestic production coupled with a significant portion of imports, the changes we made to the operation over the past two years in terms of consolidating production facilities and operating companies is bearing fruit, with our U.S.-based plant operating at a higher capacity utilization rate.
Our retail segment also made significant progress in improving its operational performance this year, decreasing its loss from last year by more than 20%. While there is still work to be done, we have every confidence this business will play an integral role in the growth of our company over the next several years. Further discussion of our retail segment is included in the Branded Distribution section of this letter.
                               
    TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, continued
                      It should be noted, however, that we still have not received the maximum benefit of our various cost-reduction projects. As volume returns, we will be able to further leverage our lean operating structure and those efficiencies will convert to the bottom line. Importantly, we will continue on our lean journey, identifying opportunities to further lower our cost structure while improving our product and service to our dealers and, ultimately, the consumer.
Brooke Shields as our brand ambassador. The Live life comfortablySM campaign, which launched this past November, focuses on convincing female consumers that La-Z-Boy comfort fits their lifestyle. The most basic message we are striving to deliver is that we have a wide selection of great-looking furniture beyond our well-known recliner.
We have leveraged this new platform through every touch point we have with the consumer, from TV spots and national magazine print ads to our website and point-of-sale displays in our stores. Although it is still relatively early, we are pleased with both the anecdotal feedback we are getting from consumers as well as our business results and same-store sales since the campaign’s introduction. We hear stories from across our network of consumers entering our stores and asking to see the furniture featured in the advertisements. Brooke is proving to be the perfect style icon to convey our message with credibility. The investment in our partnership with her, and the associated creative development, demonstrates our commitment to invest in the future, with the objective of driving volume through an increase in store traffic and
market share.
BRANDED DISTRIBUTION – OUR MOST IMPORTANT CHANNEL
We continue to believe that proprietary branded distribution – distribution through La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores as well as La-Z-Boy Comfort Studio® locations – presents the best opportunity to drive both revenue and earnings growth, as the consumer will undoubtedly experience a more comfortable, professional and satisfactory shopping experience in these settings. This approach dovetails perfectly with the integrated retail strategy we have been pursuing over the past several years, where we will achieve the greatest benefit from the combined wholesale/retail margin.
In fiscal 2012, we will invest in our store system by opening new La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores. Today, 304
INVESTING IN THE FUTURE
It is refreshing that, after years of working to reposition and adapt our company
to a difficult and rapidly changing environment, the model we built
is delivering results. Although our business focus has never fundamentally changed – to be a best-in-class furniture manufacturer and retailer with products
and services that enhance the quality of people’s lives – it has been necessary that we remain nimble and dynamic. And we are doing just that.
15% RETAIL
  Today, our strategic positioning in the marketplace is as strong as it has ever been. We are operating with a lean and efficient North American manufacturing footprint with an inherent speed-to-market advantage while pursuing an integrated retail strategy. Our balance sheet is strong, with a debt-to-capital ratio at 8.8%, and it is time to leverage the solid platform we created. We are invigorated by the opportunities that lie before us and expect our business to have a corresponding acceleration as overall consumer sentiment and discretionary spending improve over the coming 12 to 24 months. But we are by no means only relying on a general economic improvement to fuel our growth and expansion. We are investing in the business across a number of areas, including a new brand platform and marketing campaign, our store system, customer care, technology and innovation.
NEW BRAND PLATFORM
One of the most exciting and visible investments we have made is in our new La-Z-Boy® brand platform, featuring
15% 13%
13% CASEGOODS
72% UPHOLSTERY
FISCAL 2011 SALES MIX
 72%
 2 2011 Annual Report La-Z-Boy Incorporated
  
  la-z-boy.com 3
 La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores comprise our network and we believe, based on our research, that North America can support another 100 to 150 stores. It is exciting to hear our dealers talk again about expansion plans after a two-year contraction in the overall store base as a result of the macroeconomic environment. In the company-owned retail segment, we, too, will add stores to build out those markets in need of greater penetration, so we are able to leverage each market’s fixed-cost structure and, importantly, obtain an increased share of voice in our advertising. Over the next 24 months alone, between our dealer base and the company, we have 25 to 30 La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store projects planned, including new stores, relocations and remodels. However, with some stores closing, we anticipate a 3% to 4% net growth in stores.
Our base of La-Z-Boy Comfort Studios®, the store-within-a- store format in general furniture dealers, continued to grow throughout fiscal 2011. Our 526 Comfort Studio® locations, combined with the vast network of
will be able to more easily navigate her way through the store, which will be organized by style categories rather than by specific room or product type. The store will do a better job of showcasing the furniture and highlighting the customization opportunities available. The new store format is designed to better convert on the traffic, and our new brand platform, featuring Brooke Shields, is intended to drive new consumers to the stores.
In our company-owned retail segment, we continued to make significant progress throughout the year in improving our performance. These results were driven by the way in which we operate the business today and we decreased our loss by 24% over the time period. Making our retail segment profitable is our number one priority and, as we make progress, it will further validate our integrated retail strategy by driving our overall company performance.
          La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores, comprise more than 7 million square feet of retail space dedicated to the La-Z-Boy® brand and that number will grow significantly as we execute on our expansion plans, with the objective of 1,000 branded outlets by 2014.
Our strategic positioning in the marketplace
is as strong as it has ever been.
               Proprietary distribution also plays an important role for several of our other companies, including England, Kincaid and Lea (La-Z-Boy Kidz® furniture). Between the three, we have more than 700 such distribution arrangements, amounting to about 2 million square feet. With ongoing change in the operating environment, we believe this channel will continue to grow in importance for our various divisions. Across the organization, we plan to build upon the more than 1,500 outlets and 9 million square feet dedicated to proprietary distribution that we have today.
And not only will we expand our La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store base, we have also developed and are introducing a new Furniture Galleries store format which we will pilot in the next several months. After some fine- tuning, it will be formally introduced later in fiscal 2012 and rolled out across our base of stores. On the exterior, the new facade will help differentiate the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store from the sea of furniture stores which all tend to look essentially the same. Inside, the consumer
Today, La-Z-Boy is operating
83 stores in nine markets. The
newest market is Southern California,
where, in February, we assumed the ownership of 15 stores in Los Angeles, San Diego and Orange County from a retiring dealer. The Southern California market has great potential from a demographic standpoint and we look forward to our management team instituting the same sales and marketing practices along with tighter cost controls throughout the operation.
INTERNATIONAL
Our focus on growth is not limited to North America. We are also expanding the presence of the La-Z-Boy® brand around the world, particularly in markets such as the United Kingdom and Australia. In spite of the difficult environment in which we have been operating, we have experienced double-digit sales growth outside North America for the past two years. To extend our global reach, we work with a number of local partners around the world, as we believe that local knowledge, experience and expertise are essential to effectively build our brand and business. We expect

    TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, continued
                         continued global growth and have increased our focus on developing some of the fastest growing regions of the world
such as China, Brazil and Russia.
COMFORT CARE ORGANIZATION
Investing in our business also means investing in the biggest determinant of our success: the consumer. Our objective with respect to customer service is to make the consumer our greatest advocate. In short, we want consumers to tell great stories about La-Z-Boy – great stories about the furniture, the store experience and their interaction with the sales associate and delivery person.
We are celebrating our customer base and extending the idea of comfort to consumers at every touch point, making it easier for them to interact and communicate with us to resolve any issues they experience. Accordingly, for the La-Z-Boy® brand, we have centralized and streamlined the customer service team into a “Comfort Care Organization” based in our corporate headquarters, and instituted new practices and policies. We have also incorporated new technology into our database, and installed a state-of-the- art telephonic and data recording system to make it easier for our employees to support consumers while monitoring our performance in real time. Essentially, we are extending the same quality and comfort expectation that is put into our products to the way in which we interact with our consumers every step of the way.
INNOVATION
Almost 85 years ago, our company was founded on innovation and that spirit continues to permeate our business today. Throughout our organization, from research and development to merchandising and marketing, we are intensely focused on identifying and effectively commercializing innovative products that provide real benefits to our customers. We have dedicated more resources to innovation in the past year and are beginning to see the benefits of that investment, with a more structured and focused process and more ideas being developed, evaluated and moved forward into the marketplace.
THE RETIREMENT OF
JAMES W. JOHNSTON
This past May, with mixed emotion, we announced that our Chairman, James W. Johnston, will retire this August. Jim served as a director of La-Z-Boy since 1991 and was elected Chairman of the Board in 2006. While a director, Jim was the chairman of the Nominating and Governance committee. For 20 years, La-Z-Boy Incorporated benefited from Jim’s sage counsel, and his guidance and business acumen will be sorely missed by the Board and the many executives who had the privilege to work with him over the years. Jim has been more than a leader and colleague throughout his tenure; he has been a trusted advisor to our company and we wish him all the best in his retirement.
STRATEGIC POSITIONING AND A LOOK TO THE FUTURE
Our industry has gone through a seismic change, from bankruptcies to new distribution channels to changing manufacturing and sourcing. What was once an industry based upon American manufacturing has rapidly and irreversibly globalized throughout the first decade of the 21st century. Macroeconomic challenges – particularly the most recent recession, one of the worst our country ever experienced – multiplied the impact of these changing dynamics and necessitated that we recalibrate, start over and completely transform La-Z-Boy.
Today we are poised to capitalize very well on the inevitable growth that will materialize as the macroeconomic environment strengthens. The paradigm of our organization has changed and we are proud of our efficient operating platform. With customization and quick delivery paramount to our business model and brand promise to the consumer, our blended sourcing strategy coupled with U.S. domestic production facilities allows us to deliver on that promise.
 4 2011 Annual Report La-Z-Boy Incorporated
  
  la-z-boy.com 5
 Furniture Today, an industry trade publication, in May 2011, ranked the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store retail network as the second largest
retailer of single-brand upholstered furniture in North America
and La-Z-Boy Incorporated as the third largest manufacturer/distributor
           of residential furniture in the United States.
 As we approach our 85th year, mindful of our humble beginnings, we sincerely thank our employees, shareholders, Board of Directors, customers and suppliers for their dedication, interest and support throughout the year. La-Z-Boy Incorporated is well positioned for profitable growth and we look forward to continuing to capitalize on the strength of our brand, which remains the strongest in the industry. Importantly, our proprietary distribution channel champions the La-Z-Boy® brand throughout North America and we are confident we have the right business model to gain market share and deliver meaningful results to our shareholders through investment, expansion and growth.
Kurt L. Darrow President and
Chief Executive Officer
               The Cole Reclining Sofa
