 letter to our
 the La-Z-Boy
shareholders’ meeting
W E D N E S D A Y , A U G U S T 1 6 , 2 0 0 6 1 1 : 0 0 A . M . E D T LA-Z-BOY AUDITORIUM, 1284 N. TELEGRAPH ROAD MONROE, MICHIGAN USA
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Since the beginning of this decade, extensive change has permeated the U.S. furniture industry with incredible speed. Retail distribution has grown beyond traditional furniture retailers, and competition from Asia has completely transformed the marketplace. In the 79-year history of La-Z-Boy, change and evolution have always played significant roles and helped to build our company into what it is today – La-Z-Boy® – the best known brand in furniture, North America’s largest upholstery manufacturer, the world’s leading producer of reclining chairs and the largest proprietary upholstery retailer in North America. We know that ongoing evolution is essential as we position our company for the future.
Fiscal 2006 Accomplishments and Challenges
As we continued to adapt our business model, we had many accomplishments, including those highlighted below:
• Transitioned the Casegoods Segment – We completed the shift from a domestic casegoods manufacturer to primarily an importer, and realized a $13 million improvement in operating margin compared with last year – a significant turnaround;
• Expanded the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® System – The quality of our store system was improved as we increased the number of New Generation stores by 49. At year end, with 154 new format stores out of 337, approximately 50% of our total stores are less than five years old. These stores increase our
retail appeal to consumers, drive more traffic, generate greater sales, strengthen our brand name with “permanent billboards” and differentiate us from our competition;
 01
           2006 sales mix 68% upholstery 22% casegoods 10% retail
02 03 04 05 06
sales
amounts in millions
02 03 04 05 06
income (loss) from continuing operations amounts in millions
$1.9
$33.1
($3.0)
$2,102 $2,064
$1,952 $2,048
$1,917
$64.1
$96.4

 shareholders
  • Strengthened our Balance Sheet – We reduced our debt by $42 million and achieved a debt-to-total-capitalization ratio of 26.5%, down from 30.0% last year;
• Increased Dividend for Shareholders – In May, we announced a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend to 12¢, marking our 140th consecutive dividend;
• Focused on Continued Innovations – Recent product introductions demonstrated our commitment to innovation, including:
– KaleidoscopeTM, a new color-matching technology system for customers available at La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores;
– A new lift chair design and technology that improves aesthetics and safety;
– A state-of-the-art motion sofa mechanism with greater functionality that is more cost efficient.
In addition to the successes we achieved, we also had a few disappointments, including lower-than-expected sales growth, less-than-desired progress in improving our company-owned retail store performance and annual financial results well below historical and expected levels. Throughout the remainder of this report, we will review how we are responding to the various challenges in our business and will address what we are doing to increase the growth and profitability of our company.
Above: (left) Kurt Darrow, President and Chief Executive Officer; (right) Patrick Norton, Chairman of the Board, seated on Sam Moore Annie chairs

   03
Fiscal 2006 Financial Performance
To put our fiscal year into perspective, it is important to review what transpired during our first six months, which were marked by a series of unusual – and several uncontrollable – events, including:
• Supply Shortage – A major supply chain problem arose when the upholstery industry faced an unprecedented shortage and subsequent allocation of polyurethane foam resulting from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Our performance suffered as production capacity was constrained by some 50%;
• Hurricane Damage – Hurricane activity damaged and disrupted our Newton, Mississippi parts supply manufacturing facility and impacted our upholstery production;
• Restructuring Charge – Because of increased efficiencies in our overall upholstery operations, we aligned our capacity with the closure of our Waterloo, Ontario facility, resulting in an
$9 million restructuring charge;
• Import Transition – Our last residential casegoods company converted to an import model which held back margin advancement during the first half of the year.
We made significant strides in fiscal 2006 and have some
ongoing challenges, but our momentum is clearly evident as our performance in the second half of fiscal 2006 dramatically eclipsed that of the first half. Foam supply returned and production increased to normal levels. While the retail environment remained below expectations, we had respectable operating margins with an
improved cost structure in place, particularly in casegoods, as we completed our transition to primarily an import model. In fact,
we generated upholstery and casegoods operating margins of 8.1% and 5.3%, respectively, in our second half, even on lower volume than last year, demonstrating the improving progression and repositioning of our strategy.
The Retail Segment, however, had significant losses, essentially stemming from last year’s acquisition of three major markets, which all have tremendous demographic potential. We began the lengthy and necessary process of achieving profitable operations in these markets by adding and remodeling stores while leveraging advertising, warehousing and administrative expenses. Past company-owned retail successes have proven that our target margin range of 3% to 5% is both realistic and achievable,
although it will take time to reach these levels in our newer markets.
With that as a backdrop, in fiscal 2006 our sales were $1.9 billion, down 6.4% from last year, principally as a result of the challenges faced in the first half. Also, this fiscal year had 52 weeks, one less than the 53 in fiscal 2005.
We had a net loss of $3 million, or $0.06 per share, for the fiscal year, including a before-tax restructuring charge of $6.6 million, which allowed us to better align our upholstery capacity, and
a $23 million non-cash write-down of intangibles, stemming from one of our non-branded upholstery companies, Bauhaus, which, primarily as a result of department-store consolidation, had a significant decrease in sales and earnings, and impaired the
value of its intangibles.
Management Succession
Change and evolution take on many faces in the life of a company. This year, it meant a change in our senior management team
with the retirements of our Chairman, Patrick H. Norton, and our Chief Financial Officer, David M. Risley.
An industry icon, Pat served our company for 25 years and, under his stewardship and direction, our company grew from $150 million in 1981 to over $2 billion. His will to succeed has inspired the culture of La-Z-Boy and his influence will be felt for many years to come. The Board appointed Pat as Chairman Emeritus, a non-voting member of the Board of Directors, upon his retirement. Even though Dave served us for a shorter period of time, he played a pivotal role in reshaping our financial and operating strategies and built a strong financial team. We wish them both well in their retirements.
And sadly, we mourn the loss of Board member Helen Petrauskas, who passed away in March after contributing her wisdom, sound judgment and dedication to our company for six years.
We are focused on developing our management team to meet the challenges and opportunities ahead and our succession planning has us prepared for change. As such, this process provided us with an internal candidate ready to step into the CFO position. Our Corporate Controller, Louis M. (“Mike”) Riccio, Jr., is slated to succeed
Dave as CFO. And, in May, we promoted Otis Sawyer to the newly created position of Senior Vice President, Corporate Operations.
Otis will oversee the key areas of Information Technology, Transportation/Logistics and Corporate Fabric Procurement as
the coordination of these three areas is becoming more important
in today’s increasingly global sourcing environment.

     Plans for 2007
As we enter fiscal 2007, we will continue to focus on profitable growth. There is substantial opportunity as we aggressively expand our retail distribution, provide customers with innovative and stylish furniture that offers the comfort, quality and value they expect from La-Z-Boy, and use consumer research to market and make our brands more relevant in a dynamic marketplace – one where our customer base is expanding and consumer preferences and shopping habits are changing – all to improve the top line.
With ongoing change in the furniture industry, our retail presence
will provide us with the strategic platform necessary to ensure a solid future for our company. In fiscal 2007, we plan to open 20-25 new La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores, and will relocate or convert 20-25 existing stores to the New Generation format, which has proven to return higher sales-per-square-foot performance. This includes
our company-owned stores where we have an aggressive build-out plan for fiscal 2007 that will not only increase our total store count, but will increase substantially the number of company-owned stores in the New Generation format from 28 to 46. We are confident that as the operating performance of our company-owned stores improves, it will substantially change our overall earnings power.
While we expect some margin improvement to result from
top-line growth, we will continue to improve the efficiencies of our operations and will complete the shift to cellular manufacturing in our Upholstery Segment, while lowering costs in both casegoods and upholstery through numerous continuous process improvement projects, including initiatives in purchasing, logistics and global
sourcing that are well underway. There is no question that these initiatives are critical to our growth and to differentiating ourselves from our competitors. We are working to offer our customers mass choice and customization with quick delivery and our entire organization is focused on fulfilling that promise to the consumer.
Looking Ahead
We are encouraged by our accomplishments as we completed
the second half of our year and are optimistic that our company
is positioned to capitalize on the extensive changes which have occurred and continue in our industry. While we cannot predict
the future, as fiscal 2007 unfolds, with an environment with fewer significant catastrophic events and a more stable economy, we are poised to perform well and increase shareholder value. We have the most powerful and respected brand in the home furnishings industry, and we are committed to improving our performance.
We thank all of our stakeholders for your continued support. Without the guidance of our Board of Directors, the patience of our shareholders and the dedication of our customers, suppliers and employees, we could not have made the transition in our business model which has been necessary since the beginning
of the decade. As you read on through this report, you will see just a few examples of the change we have experienced thus far
in our company’s lifetime. To be sure, there will be more changes to come ... and we embrace the opportunities they will present.
Kurt L. Darrow
President and Chief Executive Officer
 camden console
AMERICAN DREW
