Dear Fellow Shareholder:
 “... we are building Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s one
customer at a time, molding our brands
around the needs, wants and aspirations of the diverse customers who shop
our stores ...”
Our company was quite literally transformed in 2006. We became a more focused, efficient and brand-driven retailer serving customers nationwide through Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s stores, online sites and catalog.
Coming into 2006, the challenges ahead were significant as we began integrating The May Department Stores Company, which we acquired in August 2005, into Federated. But we were confident of success because our combined company includes an exceptionally talented and motivated organization. In the end, not only did we successfully achieve every important milestone in the integration process, but we did so while also exceeding our same-store sales and earnings forecasts for the year.
A Year of Accomplishments
Consider some of the year’s major accomplishments:
• In September 2006, we converted more than 400 stores acquired from May Company to the Macy’s nameplate – creating a premier fashion retailer with stores across America.
• Behind the scenes of the Federated-May integration, we consolidated divisions, integrated organizations, realigned our network of distribution centers, converted systems and transitioned merchandise assortments, including introducing Macy’s iconic private brands to former May Company locations. In the fall season, private brands accounted for 17.2 percent of sales in new Macy’s stores – nearly to the 18.6 percent penetration level in legacy Macy’s stores.
• We launched the first comprehensive national marketing campaign for Macy’s, including national broadcast, print and online advertising, coordinated events in stores across the country, and an expanded Star Rewards customer loyalty program.
• Bloomingdale’s extended its unique upscale brand with three new or replacement stores, including a magnificent new West Coast flagship in San Francisco. It also improved the level of attentive customer service for which it is already well known.
• We raised pre-tax cash proceeds of approximately $4.5 billion in 2006 through the sale of non-strategic assets, including Lord & Taylor, David’s Bridal/Priscilla of Boston, credit receivables and duplicate store locations. This allowed us to pay off all short-term borrowings associated with the May Company acquisition.
• The Board of Directors acted to split the stock on a 2-for-1 basis, raise the cash dividend, and further enhance shareholder value by authorizing the repurchase of Federated shares, which resumed in the second quarter. In fiscal 2006, the company repurchased approximately 62 million shares for approximately $2.5 billion.
• The company rationalized its long-term debt structure by repaying approximately $1 billion in debt through a tender offer, calling $200 million in senior bonds and issuing $1.1 billion of senior notes.
• We invested about $1.4 billion in capital in 2006 – part of a capital plan to spend as much as $4 billion in 2006-2008 – primarily to convert acquired locations to Macy’s, renovate existing Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s stores, upgrade systems, build a modest number of new stores, and expand the infrastructure for our direct-to-consumer businesses, including macys.com, bloomingdales.com and Bloomingdale’s By Mail.
• Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s continued to distinguish themselves by introducing new and differentiated product for customers, including an enhanced assortment of private brands. We also announced the development of a new Martha Stewart Collection of home merchandise, which will debut exclusively at Macy’s in fall 2007, as well as Oscar de la Renta’s O Oscar line of better sportswear, which launched this spring. T Tahari, a new collection of better sportswear from designer Elie Tahari, was rolled out to every Macy’s division in 2006.
2 |
FEDERATED DEPARTMENT STORES, INC.

 Momentum into 2007
The positive progress of last year continued into 2007. The Board announced it would ask shareholders to change our corporate name to Macy’s, Inc., effective June 1, 2007. A shareholder vote will be conducted in conjunction with Federated’s Annual Meeting in May. While our company has been called Federated since 1929, Macy’s, Inc. better represents our business today. By aligning our corporate name with our largest brand, we will increase the visibility of the company with customers, leverage the world-famous Macy’s brand name, and get more credit for our accomplishments in the marketplace.
The Board also authorized a $4 billion increase in the company’s stock repurchase program. This included a February buyback of 45 million outstanding shares through accelerated share repurchase agreements. The Board’s decision reinforces its confidence in the future of our company. We believe that repurchasing shares is a very productive use of excess cash and balance sheet capacity.
More Work To Do
All of our progress over the past year was just a new beginning in the journey to meet customer needs, develop robust brands and enhance shareholder value over the long term.
We still have plenty of work to do to fully capitalize on the opportunity we see in Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s. And 2007 will be a year of relentless execution of our strategic priorities.
We will continue to create differentiation in our merchandise and seek to deliver great value for the customer’s dollar. We will continue to simplify our pricing as we find the right level of promotional activity. We will continue to “reinvent” the department store and to improve the shopping experience. And we will continue to be aggressive in marketing – finding the most efficient ways to reach customers with compelling messages about the quality, excitement, style and service they will find in our stores.
We will continue to strive to strike the right balance between national branding and tailoring local assortments in every location – making every store appealing and convenient for the customer who shops there.
An Extraordinary Mission
Federated has evolved into a new company today – with sales of about $27 billion in 2006, nearly double the level of just two years earlier. We have more than 850 stores, about 188,000 employees, and significant resources and assets. Yet our core mission today remains the same – to serve each customer individually, and to help shoppers express their sense of personal style.
terry J. Lundgren
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
This annual report is dedicated to presenting how we are building Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s one customer at a time, molding our brands around the needs, wants and aspirations of the diverse customers who shop our stores and have very high expectations of their experiences with us.
Delivering on this mission requires a very special organization. At Federated, we are fortunate to have the best people in retailing. In 2006, we accom- plished a great deal because of the commitment, long hours and personal sacrifices of the thousands of dedicated associates in our company. We are grateful for their contributions.
We also appreciate the unwavering support of our shareholders who share our vision for creating the premier national retailer we have become.
The road ahead looks very exciting indeed.
  2006 ANNuAL REPORT
| 3
