To Shareholders
1
Dear Fellow Shareholder:
The year 2000 for Federated was challenging and disappointing. While the department store segment performed acceptably versus our expectations – and very well compared to the retail sector as a whole – it was not enough to justify being satisfied with our overall results.
The Fingerhut credit delinquency problem that surfaced mid-year caused Federated’s total earnings performance to be well below standard. While we know that there inevitably will be ups and downs for any company, our goal clearly is to avoid such problems and to capitalize on the distinctive assets that should enable Federated to produce superior results over the longer term.
With this in mind, we believe the big picture for Federated is very good.
Our department stores, which constitute 90%
of our business and comprise some of the best brands and the best people in the industry, managed to outperform our peers in comp-store sales growth in 2000, despite an economic climate that grew increasingly difficult as the year progressed. Department store operating income, before one-time charges, also grew last year – to 12.2%, up from 11.8% in 1999. This was particularly gratifying since we were coming off the best year in the company’s history.
We believe our exclusive private brands and labels – backed by a merchandising organization unparalleled in the industry – are a crucial component of the success of our department stores. Positive customer response to our superior
mix of merchandise offerings, including the important presence of prominent national brands from the marketplace, can help Federated’s department stores to consistently produce operating profits equal to or better than the world’s best retailers.
Federated also continues to be a strong cash- flow generator. We believe that cash flow is an important measure of performance and success for any company, but in a consolidating retail sector it is even more of a strategic advantage. In 2000, the company produced cash flow of $481 million, compared to $370 million in the prior year, before financing and the cost of the Fingerhut acquisition in 1999. Since much of the Fingerhut issue resulted in a non-cash drain, and the subsequent downsizing of Fingerhut reduced working capital, we actually wound up exceeding our original cash-flow plans for the year, performing very well on this important subject.
Last year, Federated used approximately $600 million of excess cash to repurchase 17.6 million shares of the company’s common stock. In the future, we expect to continue to use excess cash for stock buybacks, as well as for strategic acquisitions and other appropriate growth opportunities that may arise.
Underlying the strength of our department store segment is a commitment to investing in new stores and store remodels, as well as in developing and deploying state-of-the-art retail technology. Federated opened nine new department stores in 2000, including an exciting new Macy’s in Puerto Rico – our first outside of the continental U.S.
  Letter

 We also opened three new furniture stores in 2000 and undertook a number of significant store remodels in key markets. Nine new department stores and two free-standing furniture stores are on the horizon for 2001. In the area of technology, our in-store systems and back-of-the-house operational support infrastructure also lead the industry, which we believe gives us a strategic competitive advantage when it comes to capitalizing on future growth opportunities.
One of the most attractive of these growth opportunities we think lies in capturing
the potential inherent in effective multi-channel integration – a seamless weaving together of stores, catalogs and e-commerce sites into a retail fabric that covers a broad range of customer needs and preferences. Although some of the luster justifiably has worn off the world’s view
of e-commerce in the last year, Federated remains committed to effectively integrating the bricks
of our stores with the clicks of our e-commerce websites. It is a matter of customer relationship management, and this is where we see
the future headed for successful retailers.
While the numbers being produced by our Internet businesses still are immaterial, we feel good about the progress that is being made.
Our principal e-commerce sites last year generated $156 million in sales – up 150% from the prior year. In 2001, we expect to see continued dramatic growth in Internet sales as we further nurture these brand-extending businesses.
As with anything new, however, it inevitably will take awhile before we get the stitching in this new multi-channel fabric exactly right. Still, we
know that being an industry leader means taking chances and being willing to learn from whatever mistakes are made along the way. So given the choice, Federated would rather take some prudent risks than choose to do nothing – because as
we see it, doing nothing tends to guarantee that nothing is what you’ll get in return.
A Picture of 2001
Our goals for the current year are to be great at the fundamentals of retailing, and as such they are not much changed from prior years.
We will continue to plan and execute the business with the objective of maximizing earnings per share growth while increasing return on investment. We intend to do this by focusing on increasing operating income, department store earnings and cash flow, as well as by taking advantage of strategic growth opportunities that may emerge.
While we anticipate a 2% comp-store sales increase in our department stores this year, reflecting an economy that most observers expect to be sluggish into the second half of the year, our longer term goal is to achieve comp-store sales increases averaging about 3%. While our department store EBITDA rate (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) now is approaching the highest in our industry – and, as such, will be more difficult to grow in the coming years –
we still see some modest opportunity for improvement. And we are committed to improving our return on investment and generating significant cash flow.
2
Department Store
Operating Income AS A PERCENT OF SALES
(EXCLUDES UNUSUAL ITEMS)
 97 98 99 00
     9.7% 10.3%
11.8% 12.2%
Our goals for the current year are to be great at the fundamentals of retailing, and
as such they are not much changed...
 
  In summary, we are resolved to stay focused and stay on track. We will not be diverted from our principal department store business as it is updated for the opportunities of the future, and we will do what needs to be done to maximize cash flow from these unparalleled assets. We will continue to hire and develop the most talented individuals in the industry, and we will encourage these exceptional people to be creative, innovative and challenging in their pursuit of our goal of being nothing less than the best department store company in the world.
So this is Federated in 2001. We hope this gives you a better picture of where we are and where we are headed, and we hope you like what you see.
Sincerely,
James M. Zimmerman Chairman/Chief Executive Officer
Terry J. Lundgren
President/Chief Merchandising Officer
April 18, 2001
  3
