“We will never rest
in our pursuit of delivering
the best brands, the most-wanted items and
the freshest thinking at Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s.”
dear Fellow shareholder:
Virtually every company in the retailing industry suffered in 2007 as the American economy weakened and consumer confidence eroded. Macy’s, Inc. was no exception. Even with the significant amount of energy and newness we infused into our business,
our financial results were softer than we had originally anticipated going into the year.
There were, however, some important positive outcomes – not the least of which is that Macy’s, Inc. outperformed most of its primary competitors in the crucial fourth
quarter. This indicates to us that our strategic priorities are on track and gives us confidence that we will continue to compete successfully when the economy bounces back.
Importantly, the core strategy for Macy’s, Inc. has not changed. Our decisions are guided by the company’s 4 Priorities – compelling and distinctive assortments, simplified pricing, improving the shopping experience, and creative marketing that builds our brands and drives traffic. These priorities have resulted in Macy’s successful emergence as a national retailer, and they are more relevant than ever
moving forward.
Highlights of Progress in 2007
By any measure, 2007 was another year of milestone events and developments for Macy’s, Inc. Among the highlights:
• Our shareholders approved a change in our corporate name to Macy’s, Inc. from Federated Department Stores, Inc., effective June 1, 2007. In doing so, we demonstrated that we are a consumer-driven company focused on the Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s brands. Simultaneously, we adopted the single letter “M” as our ticker symbol on the New York Stock Exchange.
• The Board of Directors authorized a $4 billion increase in the company’s stock buyback program. In total, we repurchased approximately 85.3 million shares of stock for $3.3 billion in 2007.
Terry j. lundgren
chairman, President & chief executive officer
  2
• macy’s, inc.

 • We completed the highly successful process of divesting certain assets acquired in our 2005 merger with The May Department Stores Company. Including the sale of After Hours Formalwear and several duplicate facilities in 2007, total merger-related asset sales over the past two years reached $4.5 billion.
• Macy’s introduced exclusive brands that included the distinctive new Martha Stewart Collection. This was the largest brand launch in our company’s history, and helped improve results in our Home Store business. Also in 2007, we announced that Macy’s will become the exclusive department store retailer of Tommy Hilfiger men’s and women’s sportswear, beginning in fall 2008.
• The company accelerated investment in developing our direct-to- consumer businesses – including macys.com, bloomingdales.com, Bloomingdale’s By Mail, macysweddingchannel.com and bloomingdalesweddingchannel.com. An investment of about $300 million in 2006-2008 is being used to scale-up these fast-growing businesses through improvements in delivery efficiency, online site functionality and customer service.
• We attracted customers with groundbreaking new marketing campaigns, based on the brand platform of “The Magic of Macy’s.” This included new television commercials featuring well-known celebrities and fashion brands available only at Macy’s.
• We continued to invest in improving existing Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s locations to support an enhanced shopping experience and drive same-store sales growth. In 2007, about 100 stores experienced remodeling or “reinvent” activity, and we began rolling out the most advanced POS registers and systems to the sales floors nationwide.
• Bloomingdale’s expanded its national presence with new stores in South Coast Plaza in southern California and in Chevy Chase, MD. Bloomingdale’s today operates 40 locations, representing growth in stores of more than 10 percent over the past two years.
• Macy’s, Inc. strengthened its Board of Directors with the election of two exceptional business leaders – Stephen F. Bollenbach, former co-chairman and CEO of Hilton Hotels Corporation,
and Deirdre P. Connelly, president of U.S. operations at Eli Lilly and Company.
National Brands, Localized Focus
Improving future sales and earnings performance requires innovation in engaging our customers more effectively in every store, as well as reducing total costs. At Macy’s, we are reallocating our resources in 2008 and beyond to place more emphasis and talent at the local market level to differentiate stores, serve customers and drive business.
The initiative is called “My Macy’s.” It was developed over the past year based on customer research, as well as input from Macy’s store managers, senior division executives, merchandise vendors and industry experts. Its goal is to accelerate sales growth in existing locations by ensuring that core customers surrounding each Macy’s store find merchandise assortments, size ranges, marketing programs and shopping experiences that are custom-tailored to their needs.
To maximize the results from My Macy’s, the company is taking action in certain markets that will:
• Concentrate more management talent in local markets, effectively reducing the “span of control” over local stores;
• Create new positions in the field to work with division central planning and buying executives in helping to understand and act on the merchandise needs of local customers;
• Empower locally-based executives to make more and better decisions.
In essence, we plan to drive sales growth by improving our knowledge at the local level and then acting quickly on that knowledge. These moves will benefit our customers as well as our shareholders.
This new structure is being adopted in geographic markets that had been part of the Macy’s North, Macy’s Midwest and Macy’s Northwest divisions, which are being consolidated into Macy’s East, Macy’s South and Macy’s West, respectively. Reallocating central office expense from the three consolidated divisions
will allow us to invest in market localization while reducing the company’s SG&A expense by approximately $100 million in 2009 ($60 million in the partial year of 2008). In addition, we believe these consolidations will speed up decision making and simplify the process of working with our vendors.
A Passion for Product and People
Among the many promising initiatives, ideas and strategies at work at Macy’s, Inc. today, two subjects stand out as paramount.
One is the ongoing pursuit of interesting and distinctive merchandise for our stores. Ours is a fashion business. We bring the newest styles to the American shopper and help customize current trends to the needs of each customer. We will never rest in our pursuit of delivering the best brands, the most-wanted items and the freshest thinking at Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s. Therefore, this Annual Report is dedicated to a discussion of differentiation at Macy’s, Inc.
Equally important is the continuing need to ensure that we have the right individuals – the very best available talent – in every position across the company. The ability to attract, develop
and retain the smartest and most motivated people is essential to our success. This has been an historic strength of Macy’s,
Inc. and its predecessor companies. We are underscoring our efforts to cultivate talent that approaches our business with renewed creativity and diverse perspectives so that Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s can continue to prosper in the years ahead.
We deeply appreciate the hard work and dedication of our people again in 2007.
With the right products and talented people in place, we believe the future holds significant promise for our business and for our opportunity to create and sustain shareholder value.
 3
• 2007 annual report
