ONE
LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Fellow Shareholder:
2003 was a year of progress, accom- plishment and change. We deliberately
set about looking at our business in new ways this past year, challenging assumptions about how department stores operate
and what our customers expect from us. We listened to our core customers, and we learned a lot from what they told us...
We continued investing in our initiatives to reinvent the department store. In our Macy’s-brand divisions, we spent more than $50 million of our total 2003 capital expenditure budget on such physical improvements as updated and enhanced fitting room areas to make shopping more fun and relaxing; easy-to-read directional signage to make finding what customers want more convenient; shopping buggies to make conveying bulky purchases easier, especially in the home area; and conveniently located price checkers throughout the store to make real value
easier to understand. We began capital-
izing on the unique strengths of our national brands – Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s – attaching the Macy’s name to our regional department
stores, and launching Bloomingdale’s into the Atlanta market.
Federated has a long and valued history with our regional department store groups, and each of these stores has a long and valued history in the communities they serve. Most of these premier retail brands have been around for more than 150 years, coming together under the Federated umbrella to become stronger and more
 • MAKE THE SHOPPING EXPERIENCE MORE FUN
• GIVE ME FASHION THAT’S NEW AND RIGHT FOR ME
• LET ME FIND UNIQUE PRODUCTS IN YOUR STORES
• MAKE YOUR PRICING CLEARER AND EASIER TO UNDERSTAND • GIVE ME GOOD QUALITY AND VALUE, NOT JUST LOW PRICES • MAKE THE STORES LESS CLUTTERED
• PROVIDE A PLACE TO REFRESH AND RELAX IN YOUR STORES
• MAKE EVERYTHING MORE CONVENIENT
As a result of this input, we began doing some things differently. We focused more resolutely than ever on our four key priorities for improving our business over the longer term – differentiating and editing merchandise assortments, simplifying pricing, enhancing the overall shopping experience and communicating better with our customers through more cost-effective marketing.
TERRY J. LUNDGREN CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
   
TWO
efficient operators. It is a process that continues today...
By creating Bon-Macy’s, Burdines-Macy’s, Goldsmith’s-Macy’s, Lazarus-Macy’s and Rich’s-Macy’s, we were able for the first time to test national advertising, with encouraging results in the fourth quarter. And we now are able to reach out to our customers through unique brand-marketing opportunities that were not feasible before, such as the American Heart Association’s national “Go Red For Women”
campaign that launches this year and last year’s “Thanks for Sharing” promotion, the company’s first nationwide cause- marketing initiative.
On the merchandising side, we identified a number of unique new product lines, such as “H” by Hilfiger, a sportswear brand that is exclusive to Federated this year. Other new merchandise offerings from national vendors such as Jones New York, Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein and Kenneth Cole were combined with our terrific private brands – I.N.C, Hotel Collection, Tasso Elba, Alfani, Charter Club, Greendog, Tools of the Trade, The Cellar and more. Together, these brands deliver value and help to differentiate further our stores, making them true retail magnets for discerning customers.
Our results for fiscal 2003 clearly indicate that we are making good progress in each of these important areas. The numbers speak for themselves:
• Sales trends improved throughout the year and, coupled with excellent inventory
management, led to improved profitability and a better-than-anticipated same-store sales increase of 1.4 percent in the
fourth quarter.
• Cash flow from continuing operations, before financing activities, totaled more than $1 billion. This was nearly double the prior year’s level, enabling us to institute a cash dividend, repurchase approximately 16 million shares of Federated common stock, pay down more than $450 million of debt, and end the year with more than $900 million in cash.
• Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $3.71 for the year, or $3.51 excluding the impact of a
one-time reduction in net deferred income tax liabilities, up 9 percent over last year’s $3.21 in diluted earnings per share.
FULL STEAM AHEAD
We entered 2004 with a full head of steam, encouraged by strengthening sales trends that reflect an excitement about apparel fashion – especially men’s and women’s career apparel – that we have not experienced in a while.
A year ago, when the economy was
not as far along the road to recovery, we talked about taking advantage of that down period to concentrate on positioning ourselves for the impending economic recovery. We wanted Federated to do the things necessary to strengthen the basic structure of our business so we would be ready when the time was ripe. So we invested in store reinvent initiatives, consolidated additional back-of-the-house functions, and implemented strategic new approaches to marketing and merchandising.
During this period we also changed our corporate management structure, establishing five vice chairs, who report to me, to oversee strategic areas of the business – Sue Kronick, our department stores; Janet Grove, our merchandising
and product development areas;
Tom Cole, our logistics, systems, store planning and credit operations; Tom Cody, our legal and corporate administrative functions; and Ron Tysoe, our real estate and financial operations.
As we move through the coming months, we believe Federated is well positioned to be the nation’s best and most successful department store retailer.
One of the key areas on which we are focusing in 2004 is the Macy’s Home Store. Home-merchandise categories – from home textiles, dinnerware and kitchen appliances to furniture, bedding and home accessories – currently comprise about
20 percent of our retail sales, making Federated one of the nation’s largest home-related retailers.
Because we believe there is a significant opportunity for sales growth and improved profitability in this category, we determined earlier this year that these areas would benefit from a more coordinated, centralized approach to buying, merchandising and marketing. So we are in the process of implementing a centralized home store strategy in 2004, from which we expect
to realize significant benefits in the next two to three years.
We also will continue to invest in
our private brands, both in apparel and home areas, which currently account for approximately 17 percent of our total merchandise mix. In addition to the
new I.N.C line for men that debuts this spring, we are introducing a new home accessories line in the fall, called Inhabit. We also will be increasing the number
of stores nationally that carry our new Hotel Collection brand of luxury bedding and textiles.
Clearly, there are some exciting things happening – new directions, new operations, new horizons of opportunity that will define what is in the name
  CLEARLY, THERE ARE SOME EXCITING THINGS HAPPENING – NEW DIRECTIONS, NEW OPERATIONS, NEW HORIZONS OF OPPORTUNITY THAT WILL DEFINE WHAT IS IN THE NAME FEDERATED.
 LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
(CONTINUED)

 Federated. Underlying all of this, however, is one of the finest retail management teams in the industry, and the best people in the business in every category of job. I believe we’ve proven this time and again, as Federated experienced a continuum of change throughout the last decade to evolve to where we are today. I am proud of this company, and of the dedicated people who help to make it what it is, and I thank each and every one of them
for what they contribute to our company on a daily basis.
Much of our progress and success as a company, however, is attributable to Jim Zimmerman, who retired this year as chairman of Federated. You can read more about Jim and his contributions to Federated in the column to the right, but I want to take this opportunity to say that I am honored to succeed him and even more honored to have benefited from
his insight, integrity and experience in the
10 years we worked together.
To you, our shareholders, I say thank you for your investment in Federated Department Stores, Inc. We will do our best to be worthy of your confidence, now and in the months and years to come.
Sincerely,
TERRY J. LUNDGREN CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT &
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER APRIL 15, 2004
  STRONG, STEADY LEADERSHIP ARE HALLMARKS OF
JIM ZIMMERMAN’S TENURE AS FEDERATED’S CHAIRMAN/CEO
The year was 1965 and Federated Department Stores was a far different company when James M. Zimmerman launched his retail career on the loading docks of Foley’s in Houston, Texas.
It was an unassuming beginning, but even then there was the suggestion of bigger and better things to come. Just how much bigger and better, few could have guessed...
Jim Zimmerman retired this year as Federated’s chairman and chief executive officer, putting an exclamation mark on a distinguished 40-year career that took him to the pinnacle of department store retailing.
In his days in the trenches, Mr. Zimmerman’s accomplishments ranged from laying the groundwork for shared, multi-divisional electronic data processing to turning Atlanta-based Rich’s into one of Federated’s most successful divisions. Change – even change that evolves slowly – demands leadership, and this, more than anything, is what Jim Zimmerman consistently provided.
When once he was asked how he thought others would describe him, Mr. Zimmerman was characteristically direct: “I hope they would see me as a good motivator and a good listener, someone who is decisive but fair, someone who is accessible and approachable, who’s willing to take risks where you can see rewards, and someone who can provide leadership while still allowing the people around him to do their own jobs.”
There may be no better or more accurate description of Jim Zimmerman than this. As chairman/ceo from 1997-2004 and president/chief operating officer from 1988-1997, he used his unique skills to steer Federated through potentially lethal shoals. Facing the most difficult of challenges, Mr. Zimmerman inspired confidence from all who dealt with him. He also inspired loyalty and devotion from all lucky enough to work with him.
In the words of a former Federated chairman, “If it weren’t for him,
I doubt any of us would be here today.”
So as Jim Zimmerman retires, he does so with the gratitude of Federated’s board of directors, its corporate and division
management teams, and the more than 111,000 employees who today populate the cubicles and loading docks... the sales floors and
buying offices... the conference rooms and corner offices of a successful company called Federated Department Stores – a company
that very probably would not be here today without his tremendous leadership
and vision.
JAMES M. ZIMMERMAN RETIRED CHAIRMAN
 THREE
