                To Our Shareholders:
TERRY J. LUNDGREN
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
The poor macroeconomic environment, which deteriorated throughout 2008 and particularly in the fall season, was enough
to test the mettle of any business. As fashion retailers, our financial results for the year reflect the difficulty faced by consumers who were pressured by job loss, declining home values and the credit crunch.
Yet, in spite of this difficult environment, our company accomplished a great deal
in positioning ourselves for the future.
We outperformed nearly all of our major competitors in same-store sales in a year when we initiated significant organizational changes. We successfully piloted the
My Macy’s localization strategy that will profoundly impact our opportunities for improved performance going forward. We aggressively reduced expenses, capital expenditures and inventory, enabling us to generate significant cash flow.
As the economy continued to weaken entering 2009, management moved forward with bold actions to streamline and unify our organization, rollout My Macy’s nationwide, reduce expenses and conserve cash. As a result, Macy’s, Inc. has remained strong and focused on weathering the recession and rebounding quickly when
the economy improves.
Organizational Improvements
In spring 2008, Macy’s, Inc. began piloting
a new localization initiative – My Macy’s – developed based on customer research,
as well as input from Macy’s store managers, senior company executives, merchandise vendors and industry experts. Our goal
is to accelerate sales growth in existing locations by ensuring that core customers surrounding each Macy’s store find merchandise assortments and shopping experiences custom-tailored to their specific needs.
With My Macy’s, the company is able to concentrate more management talent in local markets, effectively reducing the “span of control” over local stores; create new positions in the field to work with central planning and buying executives in helping to understand and act on the merchandise needs of local customers; and empower locally-based executives to make more
and better decisions.
This new organizational model was piloted in 20 geographic districts that had been part of three regional Macy’s divisions that were consolidated, allowing additional investment in local markets while also generating $100 million in annualized cost savings beginning in 2009 ($60 million in the partial year of 2008).
My Macy’s started showing results earlier than anticipated. So early in 2009, the company announced that the My Macy’s structure would be rolled out to all Macy’s stores nationwide, with the new organization expected to be in place early in the second quarter.
As My Macy’s is expanded, Macy’s is being reorganized into a unified operating structure to support the Macy’s business nationwide. This change is expected to reduce central office and administrative
expense, eliminate duplication, sharpen execution and help the company to move faster and partner more effectively with its suppliers and business partners. Expense savings are estimated at $400 million annually, beginning in 2010 ($250 million in the partial year of 2009).
The 2009 organizational changes complete the process of transforming Macy’s into
a truly nationwide brand with local focus and execution in each local market. This distinguishes us from other retailers and represents a sustainable competitive advantage for Macy’s going forward.
Other Strategic Advancements
Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s also made important additional advancements in 2008 in areas of our ongoing strategic priorities:
• Macy’s continued to enhance and differentiate its merchandise assortments through exclusive agreements with well-recognized partners. Macy’s became the exclusive U.S. department store for Tommy Hilfiger apparel and FAO Schwarz toy shops, while completing its first full year as home to Martha Stewart Collection, sold only at Macy’s. In all, about 40 percent of all merchandise sold at Macy’s in 2008 were in brands exclusive to Macy’s or in very limited distribution. Included in that amount are Macy’s highly successful private brands, which represented about 19 percent of total sales last year.
• Macy’s 2008 marketing and advertising campaigns were among the most-loved and best-remembered of U.S. retailers and consumer brands. Ads celebrating Macy’s 150th birthday in fall 2008 were followed in the holiday season by a “Believe” campaign that invited customers to share the spirit of generosity. In association with this campaign, Macy’s donated $1 million to the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
                     
                • Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s enhanced
and improved our multichannel
selling capabilities through Internet
sites that were supported by new technologies, functionality and fulfillment capacity. Online sales (macys.com and bloomingdales.com combined) grew
by 29 percent in 2008. During the year, we successfully piloted a program that allows Macy’s store sales associates to search the macys.com Web site from their registers for merchandise not available
at that location and have it shipped directly to the customer.
• Bloomingdale’s announced the company’s first international location with a store
to open in spring 2010 in the Dubai Mall
in Dubai, as part of a strategic relationship with Al Tayer Group LLC, a leading company in the United Arab Emirates. Dubai offers
a unique opportunity for Bloomingdale’s in a fast-growing, affluent marketplace. We expect to learn a great deal about how our iconic American retailing brands translate internationally.
Financial Actions
Also important to our company’s progress
in 2008 and early 2009 were financial-related actions taken to improve profitability, conserve cash, adjust our balance sheet and maintain investor confidence.
• Macy’s, Inc. acted in December 2008
to amend its existing bank credit agreement, led by Bank of America and J.P.Morgan,toprovideadditionalfinancial flexibility. The size of the company’s
•
providing substantial liquidity for the company to weather the current economic downturn. The company ended the year with more than $1.3 billion in cash
and no current borrowings against this credit agreement.
Early in fiscal 2009, we used approximately $686 million of cash on hand for the
early retirement of debt coming due
later in the year, reducing 2009 interest expense by approximately $7 million and demonstrating our intention to deleverage the company.
The Board of Directors voted to reduce the Macy’s, Inc. quarterly dividend to 5 cents (20 cents annualized) per share of common stock, effective with the dividend payable April 1, 2009. Previously, the quarterly dividend was 13.25 cents (53 cents annualized).Thereductionindividendis expected to conserve $138 million in cash in fiscal 2009.
As detailed in the company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, 2009, we wrote down the carrying value of
the company’s goodwill, including that recorded in connection with the August 2005 acquisition of The May Department Stores Company. The impairment is related to the deterioration in the general
                           credit facility ($2 billion) and its maturity date (Aug. 31, 2012) remain unchanged,
•
•
economic environment and the resulting decline in the company’s share price and market capitalization. The estimated non- cash write-down of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2008 is expected to have no impact on the company’s business, bank credit agreement or bond indentures.
While 2008 and the early part of 2009 saw the worst economic environment of our generation, we at Macy’s, Inc. have taken the aggressive actions necessary to drive sales, maintain profitability and conserve cash. The strength and character of a company’s management and workforce, as well as the underlying value of outstanding brands and store locations, emerge in challenging times such as these.
We deeply appreciate the commitment
of our associates and the support of our shareholders through this period, and we look forward with confidence to realizing the benefits of the work we are doing now to help Macy’s, Inc. emerge ever-stronger as the premier department store innovator and operator in America.
Terry J. Lundgren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
