  1
DEAR FELLOW
Shareholder:
JUST THREE YEARS AGO, FEDERATED PRODUCED THE BEST ACROSS-THE-BOARD RESULTS IN THE HISTORY OF THE COMPANY.
Since then, the fundamental nature of our customers give us valuable feedback, we will business has not changed. Unfortunately, the continue to develop and test new ideas for same cannot be said of the world around us. our stores.
2002 was a difficult year. A weak economy depressed retail sales across all sectors,
and department stores suffered more than other formats. This has even caused some skeptics to question the validity of the department store – an exaggerated leap,
in our view, given that despite disappointing sales, Federated produced improved earnings, solid gross margins and continued strong free cash flow last year.
The essential fabric of Federated obviously is strong. The durable threads that comprise this company – our exceptional store nameplates, our private brands, our support operations, our people – are unequaled
in all of retail.
We have confidence in the future of the department store, and in Federated in particular. It is a retail format that has changed and adapted to evolving consumer tastes for more than 160 years, and in this progression Federated has advanced further than most. Our reinvent process is an exciting new chapter in the life of the department store, and the resulting initiatives are meeting with positive customer response across the country. As they do, and as our
In the pages that follow, we attempt to answer some of the questions that you might have about our business. This includes how we are acting to win a greater portion of our customers’ discretionary spending and regain market share as we position ourselves to take full advantage of the inevitable economic recovery to come. Before getting into these issues, however, we want to review with you the accomplishments of the past year, and take a look at some of our goals for the year ahead.
Progress in 2002
Federated produced improved earnings of $638 million, or $3.21 per share, from continuing operations in 2002, despite the weak economy and disappointing sales. This was well ahead of EPS from continuing operations of $2.59 in 2001.
Achieving higher earnings despite a soft retail environment is evidence of exceptional efforts on the part of our stores and division management during the year, and an unabated focus on inventory management, expense and capital control for which Federated is well known.

THE DURABLE THREADS THAT COMPRISE THIS COMPANY – OUR EXCEPTIONAL STORE NAMEPLATES, OUR PRIVATE BRANDS, OUR SUPPORT OPERATIONS, OUR PEOPLE – ARE UNEQUALED IN ALL OF RETAIL.
As noted in our Financial Highlights, cash inflow before financing activities was
$1.46 billion in 2002, compared with
$509 million in 2001. The company reduced debt by more than $1 billion in 2002 and used approximately $390 million of excess cash to repurchase 11.4 million shares of Federated common stock during the year. Even with these uses, we ended 2002 with $716 million of cash on hand.
Managing receipts to reduce inventory levels helped to mitigate the margin impact of lower sales and positioned the company well for the start of the new retail year.
We also achieved clear progress last year in our strategy to offer more compelling merchandise assortments. We are more aggressively editing our customer offering to ensure the choice of goods on the sales floor is plentiful and appealing, but not overwhelming. We also further strengthened our private brand merchandise programs, which deliver exceptional value to the customer while proving to be a true differentiator for Federated.
In our quest to improve the customers’ shopping experience, elements of Federated’s reinvent strategy were rolled out in 2002 to approximately 40 stores nationwide, with additional rollouts planned for 2003.
One of our most significant accomplish- ments in 2002 was the continued development of Federated’s people into the best team in the retailing business. By any measure, ours is an outstanding company of talented people with diverse backgrounds working to provide the best possible product and service to our customers. Our commitment to people is reflected in the growth of our Star Academy of top sales performers, as
well as in the expansion of the Federated Leadership Institute and a renewed commitment to enhanced training at all levels. We are proud of our people, and believe them to be our greatest asset.
Focused on sales in 2003
We entered 2003 facing a stiff head wind of economic and competitive forces. Recognizing this, Federated has fortified its determination to drive top-line sales. We are listening intently to what customers are telling us about their needs and preferences, and we are making changes based on what they tell us. We are focusing more intensive efforts on reaching our best customers – the fashion-conscious consumer whose first choice for fashion and value is likely to be the department store.
As we move through the next year, we will be concentrating our efforts on:
• Offering compelling assortments through better editing of our merchandising offering, partnering with name-brand vendors to bring unique, exclusive and limited-distribution goods to our stores first, and further developing our own private brands.
• Simplifying our pricing through a program of everyday “Best Values,”
fewer coupon promotions and more emphasis on the value we deliver relative to the competition.
• Improving the customers’ shopping experience, in part through ongoing rollout of reinvent elements such as simplified way-finding signage, the installation of convenient shopping carts and price-check scanners, and enhanced fitting rooms and sitting areas.
• Enhancing communication with customers to clarify our marketing messages and further leverage the company’s powerful store brands and significant annual advertising investment.
• Continuing to refine existing and test new reinvent initiatives, investing in the rollout of those elements that customers tell us they like the most. To better gauge the impact of the
2

  reinvent initiatives in a single market, we will be converting consolidated Rich’s-Macy’s stores in metro Atlanta to reinvent formats in 2003.
We expect to generate 2003 EPS of $3.05 to $3.25 during the year, including store-closing costs of $45 million. Same-store sales for the year currently are forecasted to be flat to down 1.5 percent, with the latter half of the year expected to benefit from a strengthening economy overall. Cash flow is anticipated to remain strong in 2003.
Federated plans to open 12 new stores in 2003, and as always, the company will continue to monitor any under-performing locations that may be candidates for future closures. The new stores planned for 2003 openings include: two Bloomingdale’s in Atlanta, a Bloomingdale’s department store in the SoHo area of New York City, and Bloomingdale’s home stores in downtown Chicago and Oakbrook, IL.
New Rich’s-Macy’s furniture galleries
will open in Atlanta and Augusta, GA.
The Bon Marché will open a new department store in Redmond, WA, and a furniture gallery in Tacoma, WA. Macy’s East will open a new furniture gallery on Staten Island, and Macy’s West will expand its presence in Hilo and Maui, HI, with
the addition of two new stores there.
A total of $650 million has been budgeted for capital expenditures in 2003.
Embracing change
Federated is a company eager to embrace change, one that seeks and pursues new ideas, and that leads the way in a crowded retail field. We are committed to becoming even more aggressive and creative in identifying and serving the needs of our fashion-oriented target customers.
We also will work to ensure that Federated remains a stable financial performer, with effective operations and management continuity. Federated demonstrated this
capacity earlier this year with the long- planned management transition under which President Terry Lundgren assumed CEO responsibilities, while Jim Zimmerman remains chairman of the board.
While some businesses might fray in times of challenge, today’s Federated is sewn from stronger cloth – durable, flexible, resilient in the face of change. We are confident in our ability to overcome obstacles and to find opportunity in doing so. And we deeply appreciate the support of our shareholders, customers, employees, vendor partners and communities as we continue to improve the department store for all of the changing tomorrows to come.
Sincerely,
James M. Zimmerman Chairman of the Board
Terry J. Lundgren President &
Chief Executive Officer
April 16, 2003
JAMES M. ZIMMERMAN CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
TERRY J. LUNDGREN PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
     3
