 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
 Ourcompany’smomentumcontinuedtobuildin2013aswe drove improvement in Macy’s, Inc.’s financial results, as well as in the execution of our key strategies. We again outperformed major competitors across the retail spectrum.
We are most proud of the consistency of our strong performance, which has led to consecutive year-over-year increases in sales and earnings, as well as healthy cash flow, since we unified our organizational structure and began implementing My Macy’s localization on a nationwide basis
in 2009. In fact, 2013 was our fifth consecutive year of double- digit growth in earnings per share.
Here are highlights from our fiscal 2013 financial results, which are presented and discussed in greater detail in the company’s 2013 Form 10-K (including important information on pages 16 to 19 regarding our non-GAAP financial measures):
• Growthof2.8percentincomparablesalescombinedwith comparable sales of departments licensed to third parties. Comparable sales without comparable sales of departments licensed to third parties grew by 1.9 percent.
• AdjustedEBITDAasapercenttosalesroseto13.6percent, compared with 13.4 percent in 2012. This represents progress toward the company’s goal of adjusted EBITDA
as a percent to sales of 14 percent. Adjusted EBITDA as a percent to sales has risen steadily from 11.3 percent in 2009.
• Earningsperdilutedsharewere$3.86,anincreaseof
19 percent over $3.24 in 2012. Excluding certain items (impairments, store closing and other costs in 2013; impairments, store closing and other costs and premium on early retirement of debt in 2012), earnings per diluted share were $4.00 in 2013, an increase of 16 percent from $3.46 in 2012.
• ReturnOnInvestedCapital(ROIC)–akeymeasureof how efficiently the company uses its capital – rose again in 2013 to 21.5 percent, up from 21.2 percent in 2012. It was the fifth consecutive year of improvement in ROIC.
MAJOR ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Beyond our strong financial performance, the company benefitted in 2013 from a number of significant actions to support our highly successful core business strategies –
My Macy’s localization, Omnichannel integration and Magic Selling customer engagement – which are known by the acronym of M.O.M. Among them:
• WecontinuedtorefineandimprovetheMyMacy’sprocess for localizing merchandise assortments by store location,
as well as to maximize the effectiveness and efficiency of
the extraordinary talent in our My Macy’s field and central organization. We have re-doubled the emphasis on precision in merchandise size, fit, fabric weight, style and color preferences by store, market and climate zone. In addition, we are better understanding and serving the specific needs of multicultural consumers who represent an increasingly large proportion of our customers.
• Storefulfillment–theprocessofshippingdirect-to-customer orders that originate online and from other stores – was expanded to 500 Macy’s locations in 2013. Store fulfillment was piloted in 2010, rolled out to 23 stores in 2011, then to 292 stores in 2012. We will complete the rollout in spring 2014, when all of our approximately 650 full-line Macy’s stores will have shipping capability. With store fulfillment,
we are able to leverage the inventory and customer relationships inherent in our bricks-and-mortar stores in support of an omnichannel strategy that is being driven by emerging customer shopping preferences.
• Basedonthisstorefulfillmentcapability,wesuccessfully tested Buy Online Pickup In Store in 10 Macy’s locations in the Washington, D.C., market in fall 2013. This customer convenience was well-received and will be quickly rolled out to all Macy’s full-line stores by mid-year 2014.
EARNINGS PER DILUTED SHARE
(excluding items, as described above)
      2009
2010 2011
2012 2013
1
$1.36
$2.11
$2.88 $3.46
$4.00

• Tocomplementstorefulfillment,wecontinuetoaggressively expand our capacity in dedicated direct-to-customer fulfillment centers. In 2014, we will complete the expansion of our fulfillment megacenter in Goodyear, AZ, by 360,000 square feet to a total of 960,000 square feet, and we announced a new 1.3 million-square-foot fulfillment center to be built in Tulsa, OK, and opened in spring 2015. It will be our fifth megacenter and one of the largest and most technologically advanced fulfillment centers in America.
• Macy’sandBloomingdale’scontinuetobringnew technology-based customer tools into their stores. Increasingly, our associates are using tablets and other hand-held devices for selling in departments such as fine jewelry and shoes, as well as for training and product knowledge. Macy’s is piloting kiosks that allow us to expand our assortment on the sales floor in key categories such as handbags. Radio frequency identification (RFID) is helping us to count item-level inventories more precisely. Large format digital displays are giving our stores renewed energy. We also are improving macys.com and bloomingdales.com with better messaging ... better search capability ... enhanced product recommendations ... and increased ability for customers to create and enable wish lists in social media. In early 2014, Fast Company magazine named Macy’s as one of the 10 most innovative retailers in the world!
• Onthemerchandisingfront,newbrandsandproductswere introduced across our company in 2013, including various new Millennial brands such as Macy’s highly successful Maison Jules. We also infused more depth and newness in our established, best-selling brands, including Polo Ralph Lauren, Michael Kors, Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger and I.N.C. We began opening new athletic footwear shops in Macy’s stores and on macys.com under a new license agreement with Finish Line, and we signed a new license agreement with Locker Room by LIDS, featuring localized pro and college teamwear in stores and online. Our relationship
with LIDS debuted with a spectacular NFL teamwear shop at Macy’s Herald Square in New York City for the 2014 Super Bowl.
• Bloomingdale’scontinuedtoperformwellinservingits upscale customer. We expanded its store presence by opening an outstanding new location in Glendale, CA, and announcing future new stores in Honolulu, HI, and Miami, FL. Bloomingdale’s Outlets, a promising format, added a 13th location in 2013.
SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
Macy’s, Inc.’s growth and development has resulted in strong returns for our shareholders over the past four years. In fact, total shareholder return (TSR) has far outpaced an index of retail competitors, as well as the broader stock market. In 2013 alone, Macy’s, Inc. shareholders saw a TSR of 37.4 percent as part of a five-year increase of more than 540 percent.
The company’s cash dividend has quintupled over the past three years from an annualized 20 cents per share to $1 per share. This includes a 25 percent increase in the dividend in spring 2013.
Share buybacks have totaled $3.4 billion since our repurchase program was resumed in the third quarter of 2011.
CONTINUOUSIMPROVEMENT
We remain committed to driving growth and continuous improvement in 2014 and beyond. We will do so by remaining focused on M.O.M. as our strategic roadmap. The power in M.O.M. is how our localization, omnichannel and customer engagement activities are closely integrated to better serve the customer and improve business performance.
While we have seen great results from M.O.M. to date, the best news is that we still have significant untapped opportunities ahead. Given the pace of change and mobility in our society, we will never be “finished” with My Macy’s. That’s because we will always need to change and refine in lock-step with a customer who doesn’t stand still.
Our M.O.M. strategy is enabled by a unique organizational structure, which is unlikely to be copied by our competitors because of the financial resources and talent required. We have been developing M.O.M. for years, and it is an enduring formula that we believe continues to hold significant promise.
Macy’s, Inc. today is often at the top of the list of companies cited for excellence in bringing stores, online and mobile together
for shoppers. We have chosen this path because customers are shopping differently today than they did just a few years ago.
We invested early and aggressively in building an omnichannel capability – talent, technology, fulfillment capacity and infrastructure. We had a great head start and built quickly on our early successes. Clearly, we need to keep moving faster in order to stay ahead.
The key to omnichannel success is the combination of the digital world with our national portfolio of stores to make both better shopping experiences. Indeed, we are redefining our customers’ shopping experience.
Customer engagement through Magic Selling continues to be very important to us, and we have expanded the mindset beyond stores to include all customer-facing environments, such as phone, live chat, and big-ticket delivery. We pledge to make magic in all of our customer interactions, not just on the selling floor.
CHANGE IS EMPOWERING
Moving forward and deeper into our M.O.M. strategies isn’t always easy because it requires change and sometimes disruption to established ways of doing business. While unsettling to
some organizations, we at Macy’s, Inc. have found change to be exhilarating and empowering to our organization. Pursuing new directions requires us to think harder and dig deeper.
Thank you to our employees, vendor partners and investors for their role in our success.
These are very exciting times and I am humbled knowing the talent we possess at all levels of our company. The quality of our leadership and teamwork will continue to propel us to success in serving the needs and preferences of our customers as we strive to deliver the right balance of fashion, newness, service and value.
Terry J. Lundgren
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  2
