FRO M LEFT TO RI G H T:

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors

A WO RLD BEY O N D C A SH: OUR J OURNEY CONTINUES

We believe that whether you're a consumer, a merchant or a government, participating in the global economy shouldn't be confined by your postal code or country code--and that by creating opportunities not just for the few but the many, we can do well and do good.
DEAR STOCKHOLDERS:
It's a good time to be a technology company in the payments space. Our business is dynamic, growing and harnessing change. And despite the challenges of competition and economic uncertainty, we continue to deliver against our long-term financial objectives--driving value for our stockholders. We continued to expand our business, driving preference for electronic payments and our brands. We achieved solid financial results in 2012, including net revenue and earnings per share growth. We delivered operational performance with healthy growth in annual gross dollar volume, cross-border volume and processed transactions. As we move towards a world beyond cash, we help secure a better, more inclusive future for everyone. It's a future where consumers, merchants, business partners and governments around the globe are equipped to conduct commerce at their fingertips; are enabled to use technology that's fast, reliable and efficient; and are empowered to participate in the global economy. of merchants worldwide. Cashless merchants in every corner of the world are blazing the trail for electronic payments--benefitting from more customers, increased sales, greater spending and far better operational efficiencies. In fact, countries such as Sweden and the Netherlands are citing greater security when advocating cashless supermarkets and public transport systems on a national scale. Over the past two years, we implemented 25 mobile payment initiatives, including our joint venture with Telefónica; a cooperation with TIM in Brazil; strategic partnerships with Deutsche Telekom; and Everything Everywhere, the UK's largest mobile operator--just to name a few. And MasterPassTM, one of our latest innovations, brings together all of the ways we pay for things, from traditional plastic cards to digital wallets, giving consumers the ability to make a payment from wherever they are with one simple experience. Our capacity to create added value for our partners also helped secure new deals in 2012 with Nordea in the Nordics and Baltics; HSBC in Canada; SunTrust and Key Bank in the U.S.; Bank of China and Citibank in China; and Eni, an Italian oil and gas company. And by acquiring Truaxis, a company based in Silicon Valley, we further strengthened our position in the

DELIVERING VALUE
Our payment solutions deliver value and connect close to two billion cardholders with tens of millions

loyalty space, allowing us to deliver highly personalized and relevant offers to consumers. Since we launched Priceless Cities in 2011, we have expanded the program to more than 20 cities around the globe, enabling our cardholders--from New York to Singapore, and from London to Rio--to enjoy exclusive experiences.
®

OUR JOURNEY CONTINUES
Knowing that more than 2.6 billion people around the world live on less than $2 per day, we take great pride in the fact that several years ago we created a foundation focused on enabling people to realize their potential and lift themselves out of poverty through access to microfinance and youth education programs. This independent foundation, through collaboration with partner organizations in 49 countries, is creating opportunities for 4.7 million people to participate in the global economy. The foundation has committed hundreds of millions to projects since its inception and recently launched a scholars program, which is a $500 million initiative, giving talented, yet economically disadvantaged young people in developing countries access to secondary and university education. When we look at our business, we're mindful that while there's a person behind every transaction, there's a person on the other end who's benefitting from what we do. For example, a mother in Egypt who no longer has to run across town to pay various utility bills; a retailer in Canada who has found a smarter way to reward her loyal customers; a street vendor in Brazil who no longer misses the sales from clients who don't have local currency; and a government entity which distributes social benefits to the right hands. What they have in common is the lives made easier for buyers and sellers in an open economy, and lives made better because of the convergence of the physical and the digital worlds. What they have in common is MasterCard and our journey towards a world beyond cash--where the ease of everyday payments makes a better, more connected future for everyone. We want to recognize the more than 7,500 MasterCard employees for the dedication they bring to their work. Every day, our people make a difference, and we thank them for their contributions. Finally, we extend our appreciation to our stockholders. You have our commitment to strive to return long-term value on the investment you have entrusted to us.

PARTICIPATING IN THE GLOBAL ECONOMY
We believe that whether you're a consumer, a merchant or a government, participating in the global economy shouldn't be confined by your postal code or country code--and that by creating opportunities not just for the few but the many, we can do well and do good. That's why we're partnering with the UN's World Food Programme, where together we're revolutionizing food assistance delivery to the world's most vulnerable populations through electronic vouchers and other methods we call digital food. In South Africa, the government is on track to exceed its target of 11 million, or one in five citizens, who receive their social benefits on a MasterCard debit card. What began as a disbursement tool has become a real finance solution for a population with limited or no access to banks. And last year, MasterCard became the first international payments network to issue a license to a domestic bank in Myanmar and the first to be accepted at an ATM in the city of Yangon, helping a country to integrate further with the global economy.

OUR NETWORK AND OUR PEOPLE
MasterCard has always been at the intersection of technology and people. With our state-of-the-art network, we are in prime position to rollout the next generation of products and services--be it the EMV migration in the U.S., data analytics for merchants or the advancement of mobile wallets. And we maintain a processing performance of 130 milliseconds per transaction, two times faster than the blink of an eye and nearly four times faster than our biggest competitor. Reaching more than 210 countries and territories, our employees are achieving our vision and delivering on our mission. We have deep roots in communities all over the world, and we believe it's important to give back in the areas where we live and do business. To us, it's simple: Living our values and service to the community go hand in hand. That's why we've partnered with organizations such as Grameen Foundation, the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship, Pro Mujer and The Prince's Trust, among others.

Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer

