OUR LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Our strategy is rooted in innovation and execution--it's our path to the future. It's about growing our core business, diversifying our customers and markets and building new businesses. It cuts across products and geographies, and it takes a broad view of commerce. Under the stewardship of our board of directors, we seek to win new consumers and merchants by accelerating the trend of electronic payments, fostering financial inclusion and creating a world beyond cash. The payments industry is certainly changing. Countries are going cashless and electronic payments are becoming a vital way for governments to achieve economic goals. Cities are using the power of our technology and data to create more efficient transit systems. Businesses value greater insights to grow sales and increase customer loyalty. And more people are using our products --some for the first time--enjoying the essential benefits of digital identification. We're charting the course for what comes next--because more than any other point in our 50-year history--the time to shape the future of payments is now.

GROWING THE BUSINESS
By creating solutions that meet the needs of our stakeholders, our core business remains strong as we gain market share across credit, debit, prepaid and commercial products. To us, the focus is not only on building acceptance but also on driving product and service differentiation, allowing us to deepen our relationships with customers around the globe. In markets as diverse as Italy,

OUR STRATEGY IS ROOTED IN INNOVATION AND EXECUTION--IT'S OUR PATH TO THE FUTURE.

Russia and Qatar, debit issuers are migrating their portfolios to MasterCard, driving cash to cards. In prepaid, our growth establishes us as the global leader, with nearly half of prepaid volume transacted on MasterCard-branded products around the world. In South Africa alone, our prepaid cards are powering transit for more than 15 million citizens. In the expanding commercial payments space, we continue to gain share. Our travel & entertainment and fuel card programs produce reporting and insights that help companies manage their programs more efficiently. Businesses also are connecting through our network to make higher-value transactions traditionally associated with cashier's checks and wire transfers.

1

These are only a few examples of how we're growing our core business and increasing the number of transactions we process.

to the national digital ID. It's a model we're replicating in other countries. · Our MasterCard Aid Network solution helps refugees in time of need, transforming the way non-governmental and other aid agencies can deliver support. · Recently MasterCard and UN Women formed a partnership to drive financial inclusion of women, beginning with a Nigerian pilot program, which aims to provide 500,000 women with ID cards enabled with electronic payments functionality. With more than half of our revenue coming from outside the U.S., we continue to expand into new markets. While waiting for China's final domestic market regulations, we're working closely with our customers to launch single-branded card programs and expand into the digital space, using our token and cloud-based technologies and fraud prevention solutions. In Russia, working alongside the government, we became the first network to transition domestic processing to their platform. We continue to expand value-added services through this partnership, winning new business. It's this type of innovative thinking that sets us up for a strong tomorrow.

DIVERSIFYING CUSTOMERS AND GEOGRAPHIES
Half a century ago, our business was formed as an association for banks. Today, while our focus remains strong with our bank partners, we're adding to our customer base and expanding markets by working with governments, merchants, digital giants, other technology companies and more.

We're driving acceptance with small business merchants, and we're creating new opportunities for

WE'RE ADDING TO OUR CUSTOMER BASE AND EXPANDING MARKETS BY WORKING WITH GOVERNMENTS, MERCHANTS, DIGITAL GIANTS, OTHER TECHNOLOGY COMPANIES AND MORE.

electronic payments with person-to-person transfers and transit partners. With 70 percent of the world's population expected to live in cities by 2050, we're bringing our technology to the world's megacities --making commuters' lives simpler and easier and government transit systems more efficient in cities like London, Chicago and St. Petersburg. With two billion people around the world without a bank account, our work with governments, telcos and other partners brings more people into the financial fold. A year ago, we stood with the World Bank to do well and do good, making a commitment to bring an additional 500 million people access to financial tools and services. Our progress is significant, with more than 200 million already connected through 1,000-plus government and NGO programs in 60 countries. Here are three of our latest examples: · Through a country-wide program in Egypt, more than 54 million citizens can receive government benefits and salaries as well as make payments with a mobile wallet linked

BUILDING FOR THE FUTURE
The new digital world we live in has driven more payments innovation in the past five years than the previous 50. This rate of change, combined with consumer demand for a seamless, omni-channel experience, presents the ideal opportunity to reimagine payments. And 2015 was a busy year for us in this space. We're , now pleased with our progress on MasterPassTM in 29 markets, and we also launched 64 new

2

MasterPass-enabled wallets. The MasterCard Commerce for Every Device program enables any device--whether it's a gadget, refrigerator, washing machine, car, smart band and even a luxury watch or haute couture dress--to become a payment device. We're leading the industry with new ways to make payments safe and secure. Our work with the EMV migration in the U.S. has helped bring advanced technology and global consistency to the payments industry. We're pioneering the use of tokenization and biometric authentication, such as "selfies" and fingerprints in online payments. With MasterCard Identity Check , a cardholder's identity can be verified in as fast as the blink of an eye. Meanwhile, MasterCard Safety Net , our real-time fraud monitoring service, backs up the security programs of our issuers and partners in every part of the world, while our global Zero Liability policy protects consumers from responsibility for unauthorized charges. In addition to safety and security, we're hyper-focused on creating value-added services from the power of our data and analytics, our loyalty solutions, our payments consulting and processing. Yes, we're all about the transaction, but we also recognize that there are attractive growth opportunities across many consumer and commercial payment types--even beyond cards. We know that game-changing ideas can come from anywhere, and we welcome them through platforms like our MasterCard Developer Zone, Commerce.Innovated. and Start Path . All of these showcase the breadth of opportunity and our commitment to building for the future. It's a never-ending focus for us.
TM ® TM TM

CULTURE OF PRICELESS POSSIBILITIES
We're achieving our vision. This couldn't be possible without our 11,000-plus employees bringing their hearts and minds to work every day. Our new Priceless Possibilities campaign puts the magic of our consumer brand--our iconic, award-winning Priceless campaign that runs in 53 languages and 112 countries--into the employee life cycle, from recruiting to career development. We're building a world-class company. Our board works collaboratively to shape our business and talent as we prepare for the next challenges and opportunities--by reviewing our long-term strategic plans, ensuring the resilience of our vision and keeping a watchful eye on our financial stability. Throughout the years, the guiding principles for our capital structure have not changed. We aim to preserve a strong balance sheet, liquidity and credit rating--making sure we remain a strong counterparty for our acquirers and issuers in the settlement of transactions on our state-of-the-art network. We also returned excess capital to our shareholders. In fact, since 2007, we've returned more than $15 billion to shareholders through dividends or share repurchases. We continue our disciplined capital allocation strategy, preserving our credit rating while investing in critical areas to drive long-term growth for our shareholders. We're giving back. From local projects to global initiatives, we aim to have an enduring impact on the communities where we live and do business. Our global employee volunteer initiative, Girls4TechTM , has reached more than 4,000 young girls and engaged more than 1,000 of our employees so far.

THE NEW DIGITAL WORLD WE LIVE IN HAS DRIVEN MORE PAYMENTS INNOVATION IN THE PAST FIVE YEARS THAN THE PREVIOUS 50.

3

We're making a difference. When we became a public company ten years ago, the MasterCard Foundation was established as an independent entity to promote financial inclusion and advance youth learning, mostly in Africa. The Foundation's programs are serving more than nine million people in 29 African countries and provide a combination of skills-building, education

A STRONG FOUNDATION AND FUTURE
Whether it's 50 years of history or ten years of being a public company, it's never about looking back for us. Together with our board, we think about what's ahead and how we're advancing our role in digital payments; how we're driving safety and security; how we're fostering financial inclusion; how we're making

WHILE NO ONE CAN PREDICT WHAT THE NEXT 50 YEARS WILL BRING, WE KNOW THIS TO BE TRUE: WHEN YOU THINK OF MASTERCARD --THINK OPPORTUNITY.

and access to financial services. And our MasterCard Center for Inclusive Growth directs philanthropic investments and builds connections between the development community, governments, business and academia. Together, we're creating innovative solutions to foster inclusive growth.

MasterCard one of the best places to work; and how we're sustaining profitable growth for our company and for our shareholders. While no one can predict what the next 50 years will bring, we know this to be true: when you think of MasterCard--think opportunity.

Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer

4

