2

MasterCard Annual Report 2010

From left to right:

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors

Chairman's Message

Dear Fellow Shareholders: As I reflect back on 2010, I do so with a great deal of satisfaction. I am very pleased with the strong results MasterCard delivered, particularly as global economic uncertainty continued to prevail. Our business momentum is good, and our competitive spirit is evident in all that we do.
I am equally pleased with how we continue to further strengthen our organisation through key partnerships, business deals, joint ventures and acquisitions -- such as DataCash Group and the prepaid program management business of Travelex. These strategic moves are positioning us to compete more aggressively in markets the world over -- markets in which consumers, businesses and governments are coming to appreciate, more and more, the MasterCard advantage over cash and checks as well as other competing brands. To be sure, the benefits we deliver run far and wide. As developed and emerging societies continue to recognise the safety, efficiency and transparency offered through our payment solutions, I have no doubt that MasterCard will become the currency of choice. Our future looks bright, indeed. Demographic and secular trends are favourable; our insights are pointing us to emerging opportunities; and our people are energised by the intriguing prospects that lie ahead. Above all, our leading innovations are shaping the future of payments, bringing the MasterCard advantage to everyone, everywhere.

2010 Financial Highlights
Net Revenues

$5.5B $1.8B 49.7% $2.7T
over 23B

Net Income

Operating Margin

Gross Dollar Volume

Processed Transactions

MasterCardBranded Credit and Debit Cards* Maestro Debit Cards*

975M 666M
over 1.6B

Total Cards*

Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors
T=Trillion, B=Billion, M=Million *As of December 31, 2010

www.mastercard.com

3

Executive Letter

Dear Fellow Shareholders: Since taking on the position of president and CEO, I'm often asked what I like best about MasterCard. The answer is simple. I'm excited about the way our products and solutions benefit people and businesses all around the world -- and the integral part we play in people's daily lives.
The fact is that whether you're a young, urban professional working in London, a retired teacher living in Bangkok, or a government seeking greater efficiency, our products and solutions make life easier for you. They offer greater convenience, security and efficiency than cash or checks ever could. What we do as a company allows us to play a central role in facilitating global commerce and all of its positive aspects.

A Strong Year
When I look back on 2010, I see a year in which we made great progress in strengthening our company and our position in the marketplace. I thank our employees for this. Due to their commitment -- and the support of customers, merchants, partners and our cardholders -- 2010 was another strong year for our company. We posted solid gains in key financial metrics. At the same time, we expanded our presence in new areas and formed mutually beneficial relationships with financial institutions, merchants, government agencies, transit authorities and telecom companies. This included acquisitions and business partnerships that support our strategy to grow, diversify and build our business. One example is our acquisition of DataCash Group. This strategic move extends our e-commerce merchant gateway capabilities from Asia and Australia to European countries and other markets worldwide. Another example is our agreement to purchase the prepaid program management business of Travelex. This transaction will enable MasterCard to play a greater role in shaping the future of prepaid, especially in high-growth markets and in the attractive cross-border payments space. As we look to the future, our biggest growth opportunity lies in replacing cash and checks. That's where electronic payments -- and MasterCard -- offer a huge advantage.

Making ile payments mobile
More than four billion people around the world currently have a mobile phone. Or, as we see it, more than four billion people carry a personal mobile payment device. That's an exciting prospect for us because we already have more than 20 mobile phone initiatives under way in markets around the world. Recently, we teamed up with numerous mobile carriers, handset manufacturers and financial institutions globally to launch several near field communication payment trials. These initiatives -- along with PayPass contactless payment tags, person-to-person money transfer services and smartphone apps -- are paving a path to help revolutionize the mobile commerce experience for consumers. Thanks to joint ventures with Smart Hub and Telefónica, MasterCard payment solutions are being further mobilized for

consumers around the world. And, earlier this year, in partnership with airtel Africa and Standard Chartered Bank, we launched the world's first virtual card that operates off a mobile wallet. Innovations like these are helping to empower billions of mobile phone users who don't have bank accounts or who prefer the convenience of instant access within the palm of their hands. With MasterCard mobile payment solutions, both banked and unbanked mobile consumers have access to a wide range of payment options that provide greater convenience and security over cash. And, the benefits don't stop with retail purchases and bill payments. Mobile phone users can also send funds, safely and securely, to other people with MasterCard MoneySend through their participating bank. In addition, MasterCard apps like Savings Locator in Italy and Priceless Maker in Japan help consumers find special deals or manage their budgets. There's no doubt that in markets around the world, consumers are dialing up the MasterCard Advantage for mobile payment solutions.

4

MasterCard Annual Report 2010

The MasterCard Advantage: Putting Insights to Work at an Exciting Time
Today, nearly 60 percent of our revenue comes from outside the United States. Given global trends, we think that figure will only increase in the coming years, making this an exciting time to be in the payments industry. For example, over the next decade, there will be 300 million new middle class and affluent consumers, 80% of whom will come from emerging markets. This presents a world of opportunity for us to further penetrate this segment.(1) Another example is the growing influence and purchasing power of the youth market. More than half of the world's population is under the age of 29. And, one in every five dollars -- or $6.4 trillion annually -- is spent by youth. Growing urbanization is yet another interesting trend. The World Bank estimates that approximately one million people a week move from rural homes into cities, putting more people within reach of financial services and electronic payments. And, in countries like India and Russia, governments are increasingly prioritizing financial inclusion within their strategies to ensure future sustainable growth. These trends are promising for the global economy and for our future growth prospects. Our insights into these and other areas help us create solutions that make it easier for people everywhere to shop, travel, run a business or manage their finances. Of course, in addition to tracking trends, we actively monitor legal and regulatory matters that may affect our business. In the U.S., for example, we are working with policymakers, the financial services industry and community groups, seeking to address the harm the proposed regulations on debit card interchange fees will have on consumers, small businesses, community banks and credit unions. We'll continue to work with all stakeholders to help them understand the many benefits electronic payments bring to people around the world.

Increasing efficiency with prepaid
With MasterCard prepaid cards, unbanked workers can collect their paychecks and governments can pay out social benefits and tax refunds. Consider this: · Thanks to MasterCard prepaid solutions, people in Peru are receiving government food vouchers on MasterCard prepaid cards. · In Italy, 1 million people receive government benefits on reloadable MasterCard prepaid cards thanks to our partnership with Poste Italiane. This is Europe's largest social benefits card program. · Millions of workers in countries from China to the U.S. now receive their salaries on MasterCard prepaid cards. · In Russia, MasterCard is a key partner in a project designed to deliver social services benefits to millions of Russian citizens who don't have bank accounts. · The U.S. Department of the Treasury enrolled more than 1.5 million beneficiaries in the Direct Express® Debit MasterCard® program since it was introduced in 2008. As a matter of fact, the U.S. Department of the Treasury announced it will eliminate paper checks completely for Social Security and other government benefit payments. It estimates the switch from paper to electronic payments by 2013 will save U.S. taxpayers -- and the Social Security System -- more than $1 billion over the next 10 years. That's an incredible example of the increased efficiency that electronic payments offer. To be sure, prepaid is a useful solution for many. For under-banked and unbanked consumers, it means financial inclusion -- and an opportunity to participate in the modern economy. Our prepaid cards are safe, secure and convenient. They can be used everywhere MasterCard debit and credit cards are accepted and, if a registered card is lost or stolen, cardholders can recover their funds. Can cash do that for you? The MasterCard Advantage means efficient prepaid solutions for consumers, workers, governments and benefit recipients around the world.

The MasterCard Advantage: Replacing Cash and Checks
Cash and check transactions continue to account for an astonishing 85 percent of the world's $15.7 trillion of total global payment transactions.(2) Hard as it is to believe, even in so-called "mature" payments markets, such as the U.S. and Western Europe, more than half of personal consumption expenditure is in paper form. Consider the cost of cash. Cash is expensive for governments to print, transport, distribute and secure. Its presence reduces the transparency of an economy and can even impact tax revenues. Is it any wonder that cash is most predominant in "informal" economies and "black markets"?

www.mastercard.com

5

Speeding up transit
MasterCard cardholders in some of the world's busiest cities are benefiting from our innovative Tap & GoTM PayPass contactless technology. With MasterCard PayPass, riders always have the exact fare, whether traveling by subway, bus or taxi. In the last year alone, we've expanded our global footprint, making it easier for consumers to use public transportation in cities from New York to Seoul. · In New York and New Jersey, MasterCard PayPass helped commuters get where they wanted to go faster -- above ground and below. In June 2010, we successfully piloted our contactless payments system linking multiple agencies: New York City Transit, an operating agency of the New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA), Port Authority of NY, NJ/PATH and NJ TRANSIT. With MasterCard PayPass, riders can Tap & Go quickly and easily, paying fares directly at turnstiles and transferring seamlessly between transit systems using credit, debit or prepaid-enabled MasterCard PayPass cards. · In Romania, ultrafast access to 10 subway stations in Bucharest is now possible through the BRD Groupe Société Générale

card, Instant Pay. Based on contactless MasterCard PayPass technology, the Instant Pay card eliminates the need for travelers to purchase a separate card for transportation. · In Poland, MasterCard PayPass is accepted in transit stations, taxis and at bus stops within the Warsaw vicinity, allowing quick, non-cash payments. In addition, Poland's Citi Handlowy is now issuing Citi Handlowy MasterCard PayPass contactless debit cards with an application that allows travelers to reload their transport tickets at unattended machines. · In Singapore, the Post Office Savings Bank (POSB) Everyday MasterCard card features MasterCard PayPass and local contactless e-Purse Application functionality. This allows cardholders to use the card for everyday purchases as well as throughout the public transport network, which includes trains, buses and taxis. · In Korea, a co-brand MasterCard card with PayPass technology and a local transit application offers MasterCard PayPass cardholders greater convenience when riding the transit system. MasterCard PayPass means no waiting in line. No fumbling for cash and coins. No watching your train leave the station while you try to buy a fare card or token from a vending machine or clerk. You just Tap & Go with your card, mobile phone or key fob, and you're on your way. In cities around the world, "smart" consumers are benefiting from the MasterCard Advantage.

Moving to electronic payments is just plain smart. The benefits of electronic payments far outweigh those of cash. Beyond the obvious advantages of speed, convenience and guaranteed payment, electronic payments offer a host of advantages that cash can't touch, including security and transparency for everyone.

The MasterCard Advantage: A Range of Payment Solutions
In all markets, we're aggressively seizing opportunities to curtail the use of cash and checks and meet consumers' unique needs. One way we're doing this is through our portfolio of debit products, including Maestro. Our debit solutions are aimed at meeting payment needs based on local market requirements. And, they can be used with some of our most innovative payment methods, including Tap & Go, reloadable prepaid and payroll cards. We're also well positioned in the commercial space, an area that is fast-growing. By 2015, the commercial segment is expected to equate to $1.7 trillion globally. And, this segment is not very developed outside of the United States and parts of Europe.(3) We're poised to seize that opportunity. We already have one of the largest commercial payroll programs in place with Walmart, and we currently capture approximately 60 percent of U.S. public-sector volume. Our commercial prepaid cards include everything from payroll to employee benefits to government social benefit programs. These programs are benefiting people in numerous countries, including Italy, Peru, Russia, China and the U.S. I believe the benefits of prepaid will continue to drive demand, as total global volume on open-loop prepaid cards is predicted to reach nearly $840 billion by 2017, according to a study we commissioned last year. We're also seeing significant opportunities in e-commerce and mobile. That's why we're forging strategic partnerships in this space and developing the infrastructure needed to drive the migration to e-commerce and mobile payments. Global e-commerce sales are projected to reach more than $1 trillion in 2011.(4) And, since cash is useless when shopping online, consumers really appreciate the convenience of electronic payments.

6

MasterCard Annual Report 2010

We're already leading the way through various merchant and other partnerships, which make it easier for consumers to shop online. Examples include our partnerships with NextJump for MasterCard Marketplace and with Borderlinx for cross-border, online shopping. Also, we're actively engaged in the mobile arena. Worldwide, there are more than four billion people with a mobile phone, yet only 1.5 billion people with a payment card.(5) In Vietnam alone, the mobile market exceeded the 120 million subscriber mark last year -- that's equivalent to a mobile penetration rate of 134 percent. In telling contrast, the banked population in Vietnam is estimated at only 15 percent. Our successes with mobile are gaining attention. We were recently honored -- along with airtel Africa and Standard Chartered Bank -- for mobile payments innovation at the 16th Annual Global Mobile Awards held during Mobile World Congress 2011. Our jointly developed virtual card product received top honors as the Best Mobile Money Product or Solution. In addition, we also announced plans to launch our Open Application Programming Interface (API) from MasterCard Labs, our global research and development arm. This will allow us to tap into the ingenuity and creativity of software developers across the globe as we create the next generation of payment applications.

The MasterCard Advantage: Our People
In any organization, employees are key to driving results. In that regard, we're extremely fortunate. In addition to their knowledge and expertise, our workforce continually demonstrates a passion for developing new solutions, dedication to excellence in all they do and strength of character, all of which help distinguish MasterCard. In 2010, we saw one of MasterCard's most respected leaders retire, former president and CEO Bob Selander. Bob's legacy of bold and visionary leadership will remain a compelling chapter in MasterCard history. His contributions were many and varied and include taking the company public in 2006. On behalf of the entire MasterCard family, I wish Bob the very best and thank him for his stewardship. As a company, we're keenly focused on innovation, and we believe that diversity sits at the root of innovation. Diversity of culture, experience and thought all drive innovative thinking. Our employees are encouraged to express their diverse opinions, engage in healthy debate and candidly share their experiences and ideas. I want our people to feel empowered and to recognize that their contributions make a difference. Their expertise and experience

Giving cardholders more control
Innovations in payments are giving consumers options and controls like never before. With MasterCard inControl, cardholders decide in advance where, when, how and for what types of purchases their cards may -- and may not -- be used. Users can establish spending parameters, create budgets and customize controls for specific types of spending. What's more, with inControl, cardholders can receive real-time alerts, via e-mail or text message, keeping them informed about card activity. MasterCard inControl is powering over 30 bank card programs across the globe and is live in every region.

So whether you're a business owner who's provided payment cards to employees or a parent who's given your child a card to take away to college, you'll have no more surprises because with MasterCard you are inControl. And, for businesses, MasterCard SmartData offers an even more extensive solution. Companies and government agencies in 41 countries are getting "smart" with MasterCard's SmartData reporting tool for managing corporate expenses. Available in 14 languages, SmartData provides detailed analysis, reporting and reconciliation of expenses. For consumers and business owners, the MasterCard Advantage means more control.

www.mastercard.com

7

help us develop innovative, market-specific payment solutions that deliver value to people everywhere. And, I know our employees are passionate about this. Of course, innovation also requires a tolerance for failure. That's why our leaders are focused on supporting a culture that encourages collaboration and the sharing of lessons learned. Strong leadership is critical to our future -- not just at the executive level, but throughout MasterCard. I believe that part of a manager's role is to drive change, give people hope and inspire them to do things they wouldn't otherwise do. I want all of our employees to have the conviction and courage to take on difficult tasks while maintaining accountability -- and a healthy dose of competitive paranoia. That latter point is something that can't be ignored. In fact, over the last year or so, our internal mantra has been "Competing to Win." Everyone is behind it. We're well aware that technology is driving shorter product life cycles and reducing barriers to entry for others. That's why we're staying on top of our game and keeping a watchful eye on our competitors, both traditional and emerging.

Making a difference every day
Making a difference is why our company is committed to furthering financial inclusion for everyone through the power of entrepreneurship. We believe financial inclusion increases the prosperity of communities and ensures that people have an opportunity to achieve their full potential. Programs like Consumo Inteligente in Latin America help us achieve this goal. By focusing on entrepreneurship, we aim to fuel innovation, employment and economic growth to help people around the world build stronger futures for themselves, their families and their communities. Through our philanthropic efforts, we strive to help people overcome barriers to financial inclusion. By supporting educational and skill-building initiatives, we aim to develop a generation of educated and motivated young people poised for career success, enable the creation of new enterprises and help small businesses thrive and generate long-term economic growth. Employees demonstrate their civic spirit by generously lending their time and talent to support local communities. They teach basic business skills to schoolchildren, lead financial literacy workshops for parents, mentor students and plan projects to help nearby residents. They support other causes as well, including disaster relief efforts. In 2010 and early 2011, MasterCard donated to numerous disaster relief efforts, responding to tragedies that occurred in Chile, China, Haiti, New Zealand, Russia, Australia and Japan. Making a difference is, without question, the most important MasterCard Advantage of all.

Looking Ahead
In summary, I'm thrilled about what we achieved in 2010 and enthused about what tomorrow will bring. Our business is growing, our bottom line is strong and our global resources -- both financial and intellectual -- are formidable. Each day, we put our advantages to work. We're in the enviable position of being able to draw upon our assets to make the most of opportunities and trends shaping the industry. More importantly, by bringing together the best people, insights and innovations, we'll continue to create meaningful solutions that benefit consumers, businesses and governments all around the world. That's what being at the heart of commerce is all about -- and that's why I'm excited to be part of this great company.

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer

(1) McKinsey & Company, 2010. (2) MasterCard Advisors, 2010. (3) Packaged Facts, 2009. (4) Glenbrook Partners, 2009. (5) GSMA & Bank of America Merrill Lynch, 2010.

