Dear Fellow Shareholder:
Entering fiscal 2005, Magnetek and many other companies in the digital power business were benefiting from a year-long recovery in telecom and information technology (IT) markets. Unfortunately, that recovery stalled during our fiscal second quarter. As a result, revenues of Magnetek's continuing operations declined in the second and third quarters, and we did not achieve the double-digit growth that we expected at this time last year. Revenue from continuing operations totaled $242.4 million in fiscal 2005, representing 5% growth from $230.3 million in fiscal 2004. While fiscal 2005 revenues did not grow as much as anticipated, profit margins improved about as expected. Gross profit from continuing operations totaled $60.0 million (24.8% of sales) in fiscal 2005, up 10% from $54.3 million (23.6% of sales) in fiscal 2004. Pretax income from continuing operations was $3.2 million versus a pretax loss of $2.8 million in fiscal 2004. Including non-cash income tax charges related to goodwill amortization, our continuing operations reported net income of $0.8 million or $.03 per share in fiscal 2005, versus a loss of $9.5 million or $.35 per share in fiscal 2004. Excluding these non-cash charges, net income from continuing operations was $2.4 million or $.08 per share in fiscal 2005 against a loss of $2.8 million or $.10 per share in fiscal 2004. So, although Magnetek did not perform up to our expectations in fiscal 2005, the ongoing Company did grow, it was profitable, and we believe its business prospects are bright. Continuing Operations Magnetek manufactures power-electronic products and power-control systems. As previously noted, telecom and IT, historically the largest markets for power-electronic products, weakened in November of 2004. While programs that were put on hold at that time have since resumed, and order patterns stabilized toward the end of fiscal 2005, demand still has not returned to fiscal 2004 levels. At the same time, however, growing demand in other markets took up some of the slack. Also in November of 2004, Magnetek reached an agreement with Electrolux Home Products to supply Smart Appliance ModulesTM--or SAMs as we call them--for "Frigidaire" brand appliances in the North America.

The first full year of production under the North American agreement alone is valued at approximately $16 million. Every day, we are seeing more digital electronics in home appliances. Demand for premium, energy-saving clothes washers, dryers and refrigerators, even at premium prices, is on the rise. And since SAMs save energy by adapting energy use to actual machine loading, SAM sales are increasing as well, which bears out the market-diversification strategy adopted by Magnetek in the late 1990s. Overall, however, sales of power-electronic products remained nearly flat in fiscal 2005, representing approximately two thirds of total revenues. Almost all of Magnetek's fiscal 2005 revenue growth came from sales of power-control systems--mainly digital control systems for cranes, hoists and elevators. While the primary metals and automotive industries, historically our largest markets for powercontrol systems, are not initiating many new capital programs now, they are optimizing existing capacity, which generates upgrade and retrofit business for us. More than half of Magnetek's industrial sales are into the aftermarket, which is a key to our performance in the motion control systems business. Here, too, our market-diversification strategy is working. We are going after new industrial automation markets, such as radio-controlled systems for marine terminals, movable bridges and rail yards. And we are just entering new geographic markets, including Mexico, Australia, Taiwan and Mainland China. We are going overseas with elevator control systems as well, initially in Europe with drive systems for lowrise elevators. And we have a very important new product: the QuattroTM drive system, which can operate any kind of electric elevator, Ac or Dc, and also regenerates power back into the utility grid as the elevator descends. We believe that Quattro will be a breakthrough product for Magnetek. Towertesting by Kone Inc., a major elevator OEM, has gone very well; and we have received commitments from two of the world's leading elevator builders to begin outsourcing from us upon successful completion of testing. By itself, that could keep our power-control systems business growing at doubledigit rates. `New Market' Products We are equally excited about Magnetek's "new market" power-control systems for alternative energy

1

and mass transit, as well as our HiQgridTM products for the utility industry. Although they are still in startup modes (together representing less than 7% of revenues in fiscal 2005), the outlook for these systems is outstanding--especially in alternative energy. Every alternative energy source that feeds the utility grid or powers local loads requires a power conditioning interface of some sort; and one of our primary corporate objectives is to be a top-tier supplier of power interfaces for alternative energy sources. Magnetek first entered the alternative energy market a decade ago with digital power conditioners for fuel cells. We remain a leader in that field, currently shipping 200-kilowatt fuel cell power inverters that alone will contribute at least $1 million to the top line in fiscal `06. And that is just a beginning. Today, Magnetek offers advanced power interfaces for solar arrays and wind turbines as well as fuel cells. Driven by electric power transmission constraints, security concerns and government incentives, demand for all three of these clean energy sources--wind, solar and fuel cells--is expected to grow at an accelerating rate throughout this decade. With our new AuroraTM solar inverter line, we are gaining market share in three of the world's biggest solar markets: Germany, California and Spain, where solar power enjoys generous incentive support. Spain, in fact, has announced plans to increase its renewable energy target to 12.1% of total power use by 2010, with an investment of some $30 billion; and Italy, Magnetek's European home base, recently followed suit. Domestically, the Federal energy bill adopted by Congress in July should give Magnetek a big boost in the U.S. It increases tax credits for fuel cells and solar power systems to as much as a third of their installed value. It also provides a 1.9-cent-per-kilowatt-hour tax credit for electricity generated by wind turbines over the next ten years--a key factor in financing new wind farms. Coupled with oil prices spiking through $70 a barrel in the autumn of 2005, the spotlight is squarely on alternative energy sources for industrial back-up power, residential heating and lighting, and mass transit as well as private vehicles. These are powerful forces that, directly or indirectly, should increase demand for our "new market" products--ranging from alternative energy interfaces, to smart appliance modules, to auxiliary power units (APUs) and micro-turbine power pods (MPPs) for

railcars, to utility grid monitoring systems, even to energy-efficient elevators and "smart" crane control systems. Execution Actions To take full advantage of these opportunities we must establish clear priorities, and we must be very good at executing the fundamentals. While we believe that Magnetek has been good at defining and pursuing a winning "smart power", market-diversification strategy, the Company has not been as good at executing that strategy. A number of actions have been initiated to improve execution. We are dedicating more resources to the major markets we have chosen to serve. In April, for example, we announced the formation of a separate, dedicated Alternative Energy marketing group led and staffed by professionals experienced in the international alternative energy field. Their challenge: tailor Magnetek's product portfolio and sales channels to suit the unique requirements, codes and standards of the rapidly evolving alternative energy marketplace, thus creating a successful, selfsufficient business entity. Although just begun, that process is already showing exciting signs of success. We are also utilizing our technological resources more efficiently. We are fortunate to have excellent digital power technology capability in Magnetek. Our engineers are among the best and brightest. But because digital power is no longer limited primarily to data processing and telecommunications, our 200+ engineers sometimes have been spread too thin. So we have prioritized our new markets and narrowed our internally funded development programs to those that show the greatest promise for early profitability, continuing growth and superior ROI. Another example of executing the fundamentals has to do with China. In February of 2005, we moved into a new, 237,000-square-foot factory in Shenzhen, twice the size of our former Chinese plant, while continuing to downsize our European manufacturing operations. In fiscal Q4, a third of all our embedded power-electronic products--some $13 million worth--were produced in China, up from zero three years ago. As moves of that magnitude go, it was managed well and is beginning to pay off, as the Company's gross margin shows. So we have challenged our people who executed the move so well to maximize its return on investment by refocusing on

2

the operating basics: rigorous supply-chain and working-capital management. Managing our administrative and general costs is yet another area of opportunity. In August, we vacated expensive office space in Nashville, and now we are closing our corporate offices in Los Angeles and moving Magnetek's executive staff to our powerelectronics manufacturing plant in Chatsworth, California. While these are positive moves from a cost reduction and cash management perspective, we need to do more, and we are. Subsequent to fiscal 2005 year-end, we restructured and expanded our credit facilities for greater operating flexibility. In addition, the new financing may be used, in part, to satisfy an arbitration award related to and reported in results of discontinued operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2005. While we are contesting the award in Federal Court, we are prepared to pay it, if necessary. Looking Ahead In 1998, we downsized Magnetek in order to pay off debt and focus exclusively on digital power technology. At that time, digital power was being adopted based largely on the convenience it brought to communications and the speed it brought to data management. Thus, the Magnetek of today was launched on the rising tide of telecom and IT, with cell-phone convenience and computer speed being the primary drivers. While our strategy is and always will be evolving, we believe that telecom and IT will continue to be two of our key markets. However, we also believe that a third and, perhaps, the major driver of Magnetek's future growth and profitability will be energy--the capability of our products and systems to help generate and utilize energy more efficiently. Products such as SAMs for consumer appliances, Aurora alternative energy interfaces, Quattro regenerative elevator drives, APUs for the mass transit, and our HiQgrid monitoring and control systems that we are just now introducing to electric utility and municipal markets will form the foundation on which we build from here. Going forward, we have three main priorities that we are addressing simultaneously. Number one: renewed top-line growth through dedicated marketing of our digital power products. Number two: continued, but better-focused development of new products differentiated from our competitors' by technology,

quality and application. Number three: renewed bottom-line growth through cost-cutting wherever possible and rigorous management of operations and working capital. Entering fiscal 2006, we saw promising signs of firming in our traditional power-electronics markets, strength in our industrial power-controls markets, and growth in our newer consumer-driven and energy-related markets. Together with our new execution initiatives, these signs would seem to bode well for the current year. At this writing, the domino effects of the Gulf Coast hurricanes on business and industry are not fully known. However, in the intermediate to long-term, they should provoke changes in government policy that will enhance personal safety and security, strengthen the domestic economy and increase demand for digital power products. Natural disasters and legacy issues notwithstanding, we believe we can deliver better results in fiscal 2006 than in fiscal 2005, and we are more convinced than ever that Magnetek has the potential to become a uniquely successful digital power company in the growing, global, digital economy. We appreciate your patience and support as we work to realize that potential.

3

