To Our Shareholders:
After weathering the impact of the economic slowdown during our previous fiscal year, we are pleased with the strong
performance our team achieved in fiscal 2011. Throughout the economic downturn, we continued to invest in R&D and
new product development. This strategy enabled us to capitalize on demand with the right products as the markets began
to recover. U.S. manufacturing activity increased for much of the fiscal year and most of our end markets, particularly on
the industrial side, continued to show signs of steady growth and recovery. Our order rates and backlog
levels reflected
this. 
In fiscal 2011 we posted higher sales in each of our served markets, particularly material handling and renewable
energy, resulting in year-over-year growth in revenue, gross profit and income from operations.
Given the positive momentum of our business and the strength of our operating performance in fiscal 2011, we have
accelerated the level of investments in product development and sales channel expansion aimed at driving future sales
growth. We’re focused on organic growth opportunities across all major served markets. We also see international
expansion as an important opportunity and are reviewing strategies to take our business model and technology to the
global marketplace.
In terms of product development, we believe radio control is a key growth opportunity for us. We continue to develop
radio control products for our traditional crane and hoist customers, as well as for the growing mobile hydraulic industry.
We are exploring leveraging our wireless control technology in other industries as well, including the mining market, and
we are further expanding our M-Force
®
mining drive product line to meet the growing demand for AC products in this
industry. In our elevator business, we’re building on the success of our Quattro
®
DC regenerative drive with a new AC
version that has been shipped to various locations worldwide. Quattro AC allows us to bring our energy saving drive
into the larger high-rise AC market for both modernization and new construction. We are also focusing our marketing
efforts on our new line of low cost AC elevator drives, which should not only strengthen our position in North America, but
allow for growth internationally. Given the challenging conditions in the wind market, and the better short- and long-term
growth opportunities we see in the solar market, we’ve strategically allocated additional resources toward developing
and marketing power inverters for utility scale solar applications. This should allow us to diversify our customer base and
product offering to compete more effectively in the renewable space.
Toward the end of our fi
scal year, certain indicators pointed to a moderation in U.S. manufacturing. However, we
continued to see strong demand levels from customers operating in our traditional industrial end markets. While we
are mindful that the road ahead could become challenging, we are confi
dent in our business model. Magnetek’s value
proposition lies in the development and marketing of Energy Engineered
®
products that focus on operational efficiency
and energy savings, increasingly important in today’s world. Our talented team has the expert knowledge our customers
rely on to apply advanced technology to meet their power control needs. We offer a balanced product portfolio that
serves both our industrial customer base as well as the emerging renewable energy marketplace. This breadth of product
lines, as well as our strong position in our traditional core industries, should allow us to weather 
the fluctuations seen in
the renewable energy market and enable us to outpace overall economic growth rates.
The road to a brighter future means aligning our resources and investments with what we see as our greatest growth
opportunities. We plan to capitalize on those opportunities through new product introductions, the penetration of new
markets, and geographic expansion, while continuing to manage costs and assets to optimize cash 
flow and profitability.
Thank you for your continued support.
Peter M. McCormick
President and Chief Executive Offier
August 31, 2011