TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007, which ended on July 1, Magnetek generated a net profit and positive cash for the first time in a long time. We believe this will become a trend for the Company as it is now configured. In October 2006, during our fiscal second quarter, we completed the sale of our overseas-based power electronics business. While that divestiture resulted in Magnetek becoming a smaller company, with annual revenue at just over $100 million, it allowed us to: · pay off all of our debt, · consolidate operations and reduce operating costs and ·m  eaningfully address the Company's defined-benefit pension plan, which was frozen in 2003. The divestiture also transformed Magnetek from primarily a product-focused components supplier into a market-focused systems integrator.

Our business model is therefore quite simple: ·d  rive top line growth at double-digit rates while generating gross margins targeted at our historical 30%; ·c  ontrol operating expenses, thus dropping a considerable portion of incremental gross profit to the operating line; and ·w  ith no debt and NOLs available to offset pretax income, deliver a majority of our operating profit to the bottom line. A simple, but highly effective model that starts with sales growth. On the following pages, we have illustrated our systems products and some of the most significant growth opportunities in our served markets.

Magnetek 2008

Magnetek's "Model"

Systems integration is not new to Magnetek. Although having operated somewhat in the shadow of the larger power electronics business, our power systems business has been a proven and profitable performer, neither capital- nor labor-intensive, with a unique mix of products based on value added, not price. North American based, this business has historically demonstrated gross profit margins of about 30% and positive cash flow. More importantly, the investment we have been making in product development over the past several years provides us today with exciting opportunities for sales growth. We will zero in on these opportunities to drive toward our target of 15% top-line growth while maintaining solid gross margins company-wide. We've reduced our corporate overhead by half, trimming our overall general and administrative expenses by a third, and we believe we can grow revenues with little or no future increase in operating overhead. Since we have no long-term debt, we have no interest expense -- in fact, we currently have net interest income from the cash on our balance sheet. Our profits are now largely U.S.based and we have substantial net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) for U.S. tax purposes, most of which do not expire until after 2020.

To hit our targets we must have robust growth in our wind power inverter and elevator motion control businesses, as well as sustained growth at historically strong margins in our base factory crane controls and related businesses. We also must demonstrate our customary production efficiencies and realize material cost reductions in both telecom systems manufacturing, recently moved from Dallas to Menomonee Falls, and our new wind power inverter business. That said, barring a hard slowdown in the general economy, I believe we can approach the objectives we have set for ourselves within the next twelve months and begin to reveal the exciting potential of our reshaped Company's business and financial model. All while maintaining a sound balance sheet and generating cash from operations sufficient to fund continued internal growth as well as meet our corporate obligations. Longer-term, our vision is to accelerate Magnetek's growth by applying our proven value-added systems integration model to related and/or similar industrial and commercial market niches that are becoming increasingly dependent on digital (smart) power and motion control. I believe I speak for all of us at the "new" Magnetek when I thank you for your confidence and continued support as we demonstrate progress toward our goals. Sincerely,

David P. Reiland President and Chief Executive Officer
1

