2001 M AGNETEK A NNUAL R EPORT AND F ORM 10K
Dear Fellow Stockholder: On June 30th, the last day of our fiscal year, we completed two years of restructuring aimed at transforming Magnetek from a primarily electrical products company into a technology-based company capable of substantial, sustainable value creation. The year's results for continuing operations suggest that we are achieving our objectives. · While reported revenue grew 2% to $298.3 million, pro forma revenue* increased 19% year-over-year. · Gross profit rose 21% to $76.8 million (25.7% of revenue) from $63.2 million (21.5% of revenue) in fiscal 2000. · Operating profit almost tripled to $21.0 million (7.0% of revenue), up from $6.8 million (2.3% of revenue) in fiscal 2000. · Income from continuing operations grew nearly sevenfold to $9.1 million or $.39 per diluted share against $1.3 million or $.05 per diluted share in 2000. As this report goes to press, we mourn for those who lost their lives in the terrorist attacks of September 11 th. All of us at Magnetek wish to express our deepest sympathy to their families and our great appreciation and admiration for the heroic efforts of the rescue workers. Unquestionably, the events of September 11 th will af fect Magnetek's performance in the near-term, if only due to the disruption of normal business activity and the potential slowing of the anticipated economic recover y. Whatever the impact and duration of the external factors affecting us, I am certain of one thing. Magnetek's performance going for ward will be better than in the past as a result of the fundamental strengths we have built into the Company over the past two years and our action plans for capitalizing on those strengths. Business Strengths The restr ucturing of the company was, to say the least, extensive. It involved the divestiture of businesses and prod* Excluding revenues of divested operations.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Letter to Stockholders . . . . . . . . 1 Selected Financial Data . . . . . . . 5 Management's Discussion and Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . 15 Auditor's Report . . . . . . . . . . . 32 Form 10-K . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33 Directors & Officers . . . . . . . . 41 Stockholder Information . . . . . 54

This document contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are subject to risks and uncertainties which, in many cases, are beyond the control of the Company. These include but are not limited to economic conditions in general, business conditions in electrical and electronic equipment markets, competitive factors such as pricing and technology, risks associated with aquisitions and divestitures, and the risk that the Company's ultimate costs of doing business exceed present estimates. Further information on factors which could affect Magnetek's financial results are described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

1

2001 Magnetek Annual Report
uct lines aggregating over $1 billion in annual revenues -- approximately 80% of the revenues of the company. These divestitures did, however, enable us to accomplish a number of important and desirable objectives. First, they removed us from commodity businesses in which we were competing with larger firms on a price basis, and where the prospects for strong cash-flow returns were inadequate. Now, all of our operations are anchored in power-electronics technology, our strongest and most valuable suit, where our prospects for cash-flow ROI are excellent. Second, proceeds from the divestitures enabled us to pay off virtually all of our long-term debt, greatly strengthening our balance sheet and practically eliminating interest expense. This will improve our bottom-line results and provides increased net resources for investment in R&D and the ability to make strategic acquisitions. The divestiture proceeds were also used to complete the 10-million-share stock repurchase program authorized by the Board in 1999 as an integral par t of our total restructuring. Our average cost was $9.44 per share on the open market and achieved our goal of keeping shares outstanding in line with the downsizing of the company while leaving enough "float" for continued market liquidity. As a further and significant part of the restructuring process, we reduced corporate overhead by over 60% while optimizing the asset base of the continuing operations. Our electronics plants are all ISO-certified facilities and ver y well equipped, enabling us to keep capital spending at less than depreciation and amortization during the restructuring. We should be able to continue to do this for the foreseeable future. We also began consolidating the purchase of materials and electronic components on a worldwide, just-in-time basis. Because of these accomplishments, we did not find ourselves with excessive overhead, production capacity or inventories when the telecommunications slowdown hit.
2

Though not part of the original plan, we also decided to divest our standard drives operation, which was primarily a purchase-for-resale business with limited margins and prospects. Action Plans Now we must continue to build on our strengths to create greater value for more customers and growing value for our stockholders. We will do so through new product development, marketing initiatives, ver y selective acquisitions and efficient asset utilization. Historically, our Power Electronics business has consisted mostly of custom power conversion products for computer and other original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). While these customers should remain a strong and relatively stable source of revenue and income growth, our R&D action plan calls for reduced dependence on individual customer-defined products and increased emphasis on sophisticated, high-valueadded product "families" driven by broader market needs and trends. We increased R&D spending 16% during fiscal 2001, and several market-driven product lines already have resulted. One is our new line of high-ef ficiency DC-to-DC power conver ters ("bricks" and "tiles") designed for distributed power architectures, which are rapidly becoming the rule in electronic equipment of all kinds. Another is a mobile phone system co-developed with Nokia that allows telecom system operators to monitor and control all their network power stations remotely from the field. With more than 100 installations totaling over 24megawatts in operation, Magnetek is by far the leading provider of power conditioners for large fuel cells. We have developed and are now prototyping power conditioners for smaller fuel cells and other "alternative" energy sources, which we think will emerge as important back-up and distributed power generation products.

2001 Magnetek Annual Report
Magnetek is also in the forefront of medical electronics power technology, the latest example being digital power supplies for Doppler ultrasound equipment that detects plaque deposits in blood vessels with unprecedented precision. To effectively launch such products, our marketing plan calls for expanding and realigning our sales forces. Our factor y technical-sales engineers will continue to assist OEMs with custom products, while our field sales forces will sell market-defined product families both directly to OEMs and through value-added resellers and distributors. Our Industrial Controls business, which accounted for about 24% of pro forma revenue in fiscal 2001, primarily ser ves Nor th American "ver tical motion control" markets. While these markets declined throughout the year, we were able to gain substantial market share and remain ver y profitable by concentrating on new niche products. As we enter fiscal 2002, we are still facing declining industr y demand and increasing competition from overseas in these Magnetek dominated markets. In the overhead crane control business, we continue to introduce new products, such as our Genesis 7 Series drives and radio controls. In addition, we are expanding our market shares both nor th and south of the U.S. border through greater sales emphasis and exploring new markets, such as intermodal cargo container handling. In the elevator control business we are introducing new AC and DC drives, and we have just opened our first European office in the U.K. We believe that these product development and marketing/sales initiatives will help us sustain profitability through fiscal 2002 and enable us to expand our business as the economy recovers. Regarding acquisitions, our strategy is aimed primarily at expanding our existing product lines and adding new channels to market. Two recent acquisitions are excellent examples of both. ADS, Inc., acquired in March, fabricates telecom power
3

systems up to 1,500 amps. J-Tec, Inc., acquired last November, engineers, furnishes and installs power systems up to 10,000 amps for telecom service providers such as the regional "Baby Bell" companies. Both ADS and J-Tec use Magnetek power-electronic converters, rectifiers and inverters in their systems, and J-Tec is a natural channel partner for the smaller ADS systems. ADS and J-Tec, which now have joined together to form Magnetek Telecom Power, represent the kinds of acquisitions that increase Magnetek's revenues and profit margins while affording us new avenues to potential end-users of our powerelectronic subsystems. During fiscal 2001, our product development, marketing and acquisition strategies began to take hold. Magnetek's gross margin went from 21.5 % in fiscal 2000 to 28% in the final quarter of fiscal 2001, and we expect product mix ultimately to drive gross margins above 30%. Growth in SG&A, if any, will be driven mainly by increased R&D and marketing expenditures, which should result in revenue growth. Operating margins rose significantly in the past year, from 2.3% in fiscal 2000 to 8.5% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001, on the way to our target of 10%-plus. In terms of effective asset utilization, we expect capital spending to continue to track depreciation in 2002. The company's growing presence in systems installation and ser vice will require only modest additions to working capital to accommodate normalized growth. While inventories turned approximately four times in fiscal 2001 -- and may not improve on anticipated volume in the first half of fiscal 2002 -- our target of six or moretimes turns is certainly achievable as the economy improves. Magnetek's cash flow return on investment (CFROI*) entering fiscal 2002 was approximately 3% -- about half the recent norms of established
*CFROI is a registered trademark of Holt Value Associates, LP, Chicago, IL.

2001 Magnetek Annual Report
players in the digital power industr y. However, we should expect positive improvement in CFROI in the current fiscal year, driven initially by higher profit margins. We are acutely aware of the importance that the stock market places on the cash-flow side of the equation, and we are now not only determined but also in a position to optimize it without compromising either the asset side of the equation or opportunities for growth. Economic and Market Expectations In last year's annual report we established three basic goals for the company: · Double-digit revenue growth · Double-digit operating profit margins · Double-digit cash flow return on invested capital On a pro forma basis, we achieved the first of these goals, came within two percentage points of the second, and made solid progress toward the third in fiscal 2001. Given economic and market conditions as we begin the new fiscal year, continuing this progress would appear to be ver y challenging. We don't have a cr ystal ball, but pre-September 11 th economic forecasts indicated that the earliest the North American economy will rebound will be around mid 2002, which is the end of our current fiscal year. Based on our past experience, we would not expect the European economy, which accounts for nearly half of our revenue, to sink quite as low or rebound quite as fast. Entering fiscal 2002, several of the markets we address, telecom in par ticular, remain weak. Although industr y inventories have been worked down, a "wait and see" attitude prevails with regard to new capital spending programs. However, even in the telecom market we see some rays of light. Our new Telecom Power group Andrew G. Galef Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer (ADS and J-Tec) intends to leverage Magnetek's power-electronics technology to gain market share. We are sur veying customers to determine future needs, including "final mile" fiber and wireless infrastr ucture build-out. While telecom equipment purchasing is currently ver y soft, outside plant construction is expected to approach $40 billion in 2002. Our primar y prospects are the regional phone companies, selected long-line carriers and Competitive Local Exchange Carriers (CLECs), who rely largely on outside contractors to do their construction. Consequently, despite the tragic events of September, the weakness in the general economy and specific softness in some of the markets we ser ve, if conditions do not deteriorate further we believe we will improve on our fiscal 2001 financial results in 2002 As noted above, emerging successfully from our planned restructuring has put us in an enviable position. We have no debt and improving margins. We are appropriately sized for today's market conditions and anticipated sustainable growth rates. And we have the resources to (1) expand new product development, (2) increase our sales and marketing ef for ts and (3) make appropriate acquisitions. Most impor tant, as the economy and our markets rebound, we believe we will emerge as a new leader in a new industr y ­ digital power ­ that will grow increasingly impor tant in the future. Thank you for coming along with us as we implement our action plans and build on our strengths to create exceptional value in the 2000s.

4

