 It’s been two years since we announced that the world had entered a new age—the Human Age—in which we stated that unleashing talent in new ways will be the single most important determinant of success.
10 ManpowerGroup2012AnnualReport LettertoShareholders

 Our View of the World...
It’s been two years since we announced that the world had entered a new age—the Human Age —in which we stated that unleashing talent in new ways will be the single most important determinant of success. Today, looking back, we could not have been more prophetic in our bold statement. We coined the term, Talentism, and believe that it is the key competitive differentiator; and we are seeing this truth put pressure on corporations, governments and individuals to change in ways we’ve never seen before. Clearly, I’m not saying that capitalism, or the ability to have access to money, has disappeared; rather, the two systems are now symbiotic. Just as companies strategize on the sourcing of the
raw materials required to execute their business strategy, a just as rigorous strategy is now necessary to ensure the agility and viability of their workforce. We hear from our clients every day that leading in the Human Age requires work to be reinvented to fit into both capitalism and talentism, and this requirement creates continued opportunities for us.
The employment ecosystem has become expo- nentially more complex as employers, educators, governments and individuals are in a multi-step line dance with constantly changing music. In the year ahead, we only see the forces driving the Human Age as growing stronger and becoming more intertwined—pushing and pulling in different directions, like a Gordian knot. The challenge,
of course, is as forces combine in chaotic ways, the same triggers can provoke different, and extreme, outcomes—putting companies, and their workforces, in a permanent state of “high alert.” A fiscal cliff deadline or a presidential election in one country will have a ripple effect across world markets, inciting political leaders in other countries to rethink economic decisions against similar or contrasting criteria. One small change is occurring at a time, but each element of the system is dramatically transforming how work gets done. The conclusion we can draw from this is clear—companies must prepare for one certainty: uncertainty.
LettertoShareholders ManpowerGroup2012AnnualReport 11

This uncertainty is so powerful that it can be thought of as a force in and of itself, driving new systems and structures and requiring a whole new level of workforce flexibility and agility to succeed. This is where we come in. Forces driving certain uncertainty mean every company is faced with the same dilemma: How to remain competitive and execute their business strategy in the face of talent challenges, value/margin compression and economic uncertainty. We know that the key lies in finding and managing the right mix of talent, and this ecosystem is different for every organization. It’s in that defining moment where we demonstrate the value and expertise with which we have equipped our ManpowerGroup family of brands to antici- pate and confront our clients’ talent challenges with solutions head on.
With the threat of more volatile economic cycles on the horizon, difficulties and disruptions will be the order of the day. We too must be ready. And we are. Inside our company, we have more resolve and a clearer roadmap than ever before to achieve our financial goals despite murky economic outlooks. Yes, we are inextricably intertwined with the labor market; therefore,
we know there will be unpredictable obstacles thrown in our way that will be outside of our control. So, our focus will be on what we can
control: exercising our muscles by simplifying our business to achieve the agility we need to quickly flex in anticipation of the shifting needs of the marketplace while delivering the strongest suite of offerings to help our clients win.
Our Performance...
Our financial performance in 2012 was solid, given the backdrop, but not good enough. Certain uncertainty began presenting itself in 2012, whether it was the Eurozone crisis, fiscal cliff, or multiple elections and administration changes throughout the world, from China and the U.S. and everywhere in between. Yet, even in a declining market, we were able to lean forward, and with our confidence in our core strategy, trust from our clients and a highly engaged team across the entire organization we made progress in several financial areas.
                 12 ManpowerGroup2012AnnualReport LettertoShareholders

  Our performance in 2012 underscores the dedication of our teams around the world, as
we achieved revenue of $20.7 billion, down 6% from 2011, or –1% in constant currency. A bit underwhelming on face value, this can be partly attributed to the fact that our largest single market, France, experienced revenue declines of 4.6%
in local currency in the face of greater market declines. Maneuvering these hurdles in stride has made us more confident of our way forward, as we were able to fight through the challenges of 2012. Our earnings per share were $2.47, a 19% decrease from 2011. This decline was minimized by solid expense management, which we focused on different and more sustainable ways of doing business to ensure these costs don’t creep back into our organization. Reorga- nization charges of $45 million were all focused on this area. Earnings, without the reorganization charges, were $230 million. We significantly improved free cash flow, with an increase of $255 million in 2012.
Our gross margin continues to be a central focus for us, as we must remain competitive in the marketplace, while ensuring that we do not
drop our quality and differentiation. We are making headway in gross margin percent, through pricing discipline and business mix,
but we must make even more progress in 2013. Manpower is our calling card—make no mistake about it. Manpower represents the world’s most trusted brand in the industry, yielding nearly
80% of our $21 billion in revenue. Increasingly viewed as a transactional service, we have to pursue more efficient ways of delivering our Manpower business. We finished the year with 636,000 people on assignment each day—a great vote of confidence for the vitality of Manpower throughout the world. Our business in China
and ASEAN continues to grow rapidly. Our U.S. business has made strategic moves to better position Manpower in key markets, reversing some of the declines in gross margin percent, and actually increasing it. We must continue to be relentless in our pursuit of sales in Manpower in small/medium-sized business, as well as the large accounts. The market opportunity for Manpower is ours for the taking, as in this era
of certain uncertainty, companies need flexibility and agility—and they need a workforce that can keep pace.
            LettertoShareholders ManpowerGroup2012AnnualReport 13

                                               Our solutions business, which is leading within the industry, was able to increase revenue by 10% in constant currency. Within ManpowerGroup Solutions, we won 120 new Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) contracts in 2012. We will continue to build on our global leadership position by establishing our global RPO practice and pursuing more multi-country and long-term contracts. TAPFIN, our Managed Service Provider (MSP) offering, continues to be vital for companies to get a grip on their spend and transition to more strategic thinking and actions regarding their workforces. We are gaining strength in this offering, finishing the year with over $7 billion in global spend under management, which is the industry-leading position. The critical nature of this for companies cannot be underestimated. But, this offering is not for the faint of heart, as it requires separation of “church and state,” if you will, when it comes to operating it in a way that maintains the integrity of the neutrality that clients expect in the process, the sophisticated ability
to balance that tension, and the elegance of
high level workforce strategies. We are being continually encouraged by our clients, as they see the strength and depth of our offerings in this space—and we have plans for more.
Experis is approaching the two-year anniversary of its launch. In 2012, we built a strong foundation for our global operating model. We completed the integration of the various brands throughout the world, which, unfortunately, dampened our external facing ability. Our growth in the U.S. was disappointing, as we were winding down a few of our clients’ sizable projects, but our U.S. team is experienced, talented, and driven. Now, we are off to the races, and I am confident as we enter 2013. Many European markets are in the midst of changing legislation that will create opportunity for professional resourcing. Talent shortage trends confirm that our clients around the world are looking for IT, engineering and finance professionals full-time or via project- based solutions, so the market opportunity for Experis is expanding, and we will capitalize on it.
14 ManpowerGroup2012AnnualReport LettertoShareholders

                                                                                                                                Right Management made an important profit pivot in 2012. We significantly reduced our cost base, and dramatically improved our operating unit profit margin. We did this while strengthening our offering. Our combination of “at home” and in-person is leading edge and positively affecting our clients that are seeking Human Age agility, and we are delivering it. Additionally, we are leveraging our Manpower calling card and client relationships to increase opportunities in talent management—a key to our growth in this area. We have good traction, so our focus will be to get better returns as we move into 2013.
Permanent recruitment is no longer just a cyclical play, but it is clearly a secular play as
Right Management
companies are looking to create agility. They are
looking at their own recruiting staffs, identifying
manpower
in what would be considered a “down year,”
which is highly unusual and has contributed
20
16 12
We achieved another record year in elevating our
brand around the world. Our thought leadership
platform continues to resonate with clients, indi-
viduals and world economic and media leaders
at large, opening doors that put us at the center
of conversations that position us as the expert
on workforce strategy, leadership development,
talent, human resources and labor markets
worldwide. We are known for our provocative,
yet accurate, insights and our positive reputation
as the contemporary, insightful and forward-
where they can reduce and optimize by using
Right
experts across our family of brands for permanent recruitment in one-time direct hires, temporary
to permanent conversions, volume permanent recruitment, or end-to-end RPO. What we are seeing in permanent recruitment has allowed us to generate $433 million of gross profit dollars
pany that could provide such solutions. Today,
24
24 20 16 12
Manpower Group Solutions
when we first introduced our reinvented family
of brands and offerings as the world leader in
Innovative Workforce Solutions, no such com-
pany existed. Our research showed that clients
Manpower
Experis
and prospects wanted t$o3p.4artner with a com- Management $2.3
our competition is fast after us—using our lan-
Business Line Gross Profit
focused industry star that we are. Two years ago
In Billions ($)
$0.2
guage and touting themselves as capable of
ManpowerGroup
Solutions Experis
what we do—but we do it bett$e0r.6 $0.3
Revenue
In Billions ($)
                                                                                                nicely to our success.
         88
44
00 a98 a99 a00 a01 a02 a03 a04 a05 a06 a07 a08 a09 a10 a11 a12
’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12
  LettertoShareholders ManpowerGroup2012AnnualReport 15

                                                                                                                                                               Emerging markets are not only a critical part
Manpower
$2.3
of our strategy—they contributed an overall
years, we’ve invested in planting country flags,
if you will, and now we have turned the corner
where each of the operations are creating profit
with a very bright future. Our emerging markets
now have over 477 million billable hours, up
10% over 2011 with 12% revenue growth in
constant currency. The emerging markets for
20
us represent 43% of our total billable hours,
16
but only 13% of our revenues. That single fact
represents significant future opportunity. Our
4
past investments in emerging markets are paying
operating unit profit of $93 million. Over the
Right Management Manpower Group Solutions
In Billions ($)
Right Management
$0.2
ManpowerGroup Solutions
$0.3
Revenue
In Billions ($)
Experis
$3.4
$0.6
manpower
Business Line Gross Profit
    24
O2u4r Focus... 20
12 8
concern about fiscal austerity coming through
8
4
part left unresolved. Unemployment around the
0
0
a98 a99 a00 a01 a02 a03 a04 a05 a06 a07 a08 a09 a10 a11 a12
off, delivering strong returns. We have the leading market position with over 400 offices across nearly 30 emerging markets. We are the recog- nized market leader in China, with over 150,000 associates, and ranked number one in professional resourcing. We anticipate significant growth opportunities from increasing penetration and economic development to further cement our leadership position in these markets.
’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12
16 ManpowerGroup2012AnnualReport LettertoShareholders
I am certain there will be more talk and legitimate
16 12
the pipeline. The debt crisis is still for the most
world has steadied, but is still on a slight rise. And consumers and businesses have this as their backdrop against the decisions on how they spend their money, which of course, is creating appropriate conservatism. However, despite all of this, and as I write this, there have been recent improvements in the Eurozone from an economic sentiment perspective. While it remains in recessionary territory, as we have spoken about in the past, we don’t anticipate the floor falling out, and in fact, the most recent Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) data would suggest there is hope for a more positive trajectory. This does not, however, give us over- whelming encouragement for the first half of 2013; but, it is moving in the right direction.
Experis

2012 was filled with several hand-to-hand combat battles, and I suspect 2013 will have just as many. Regardless, we have to deliver better financial performance. We are committed. Therefore, we have doubled our efforts to ensure we reset our cost base, build our business mix and drive value through our strong and con- nected brands. We are determined to continue to grow our business in the face of difficult environments and create a more sustainable organization for the future. Because in the end, we recognize better financial performance means more flexibility, opportunity and returns to our shareholders.
Our strategy is right; but, we are re-prioritizing our focus. We have built strong durable assets, connected brands and world-leading offerings. We are focused on driving value from those investments. At the same time, we are focused on recalibrating our cost base through simplifi- cation. We will simplify in four areas: programs, organization, delivery and technology, so we can drive value from the assets that we have created and deliver solutions with speed to our clients.
We are leveraging the strengths of our leaders, creating broader leadership roles and making prudent decisions in our organizational structure. This is our collaborative organization model in action. We are flexing resources around the organization to drive performance and results.
I made the difficult decision to reduce my executive management team, but it was the
right one. I promoted two of our most successful executive operators, Darryl Green and Jonas Prising, to the president role. We have increased the span of control of certain key leaders to pro- vide tighter focus and facilitate quicker decisions, while realigning and removing non-critical roles and functions, and consolidating back office functions across brands and regions.
We are simplifying our processes and transitioned into run mode, strategic initiatives and pilot pro- grams that have demonstrated return, and have dramatically reduced the need for support per- sonnel. The efficiency and effectiveness of our delivery model and technology is critical to our
LettertoShareholders ManpowerGroup2012AnnualReport 17

 continued improvement. We are selectively consolidating branches and low-profit markets into larger offices to create efficiency, flexibility and reduce costs. Simplifying is about our focus on the client. It’s about freeing up our time and resources, so we can spend as much time as possible out in front of prospects and clients. Our use of centralized recruiting hubs, in select locations, has proven to live up to our quality and speed metrics, so we are moving into a broader deployment. We are refocusing our IT function
to improve the speed of our delivery with better balance between global and local delivery with rigorous central governance.
We committed to get a lot done, and we did. And it is required in this time of certain uncer- tainty. Also in this time, it’s easy to momentarily overlook the great opportunity that is in front of us. As an industry in the most mature markets, as well as the emerging markets, we continue to experience positive secular trends and firmly believe that there is a very long runway of oppor- tunity. Clients are demanding flexibility in cost structure in the face of more volatile global eco- nomic cycles. They are looking to us, whether it be in the high growth emerging markets, or more mature markets, to deliver innovative workforce solutions that solve both strategic and tactical challenges.
Our Opportunity...
Stay tuned; we are committed to achieving our operating profit margin goal of 4% and beyond. It is branded on the arms of our leadership team, but more importantly, it is mapped out with confidence.
Thanks to our team, our board of directors, and our investors for contributing to and recognizing us for the value that we can deliver on. Our business builds talent sustainability for the good of companies, communities, countries and, most importantly, individuals themselves. Synchronizing supply and demand of talent is what the world’s economies need now, and this is what we do. Experience and employment are on the minds
of societies at large, and we are at the center of this, connecting people with opportunities that they previously did not have access to. By building agility, employability and vitality into the world’s workforce, we are ensuring the talent sustainability of the world’s workforce. This intersection of profitability and responsibility is where we live, and we are proud of it.
In a world of uncertainty, we are strident in our pursuit of superior returns to our shareholders. We have the offerings. We have the opportunity. We have the talent. We have the plan. We will win. You can count on us working toward that every single day.
Jeffrey A. Joerres
Chairman and CEO
ManpowerGroup
 18
ManpowerGroup2012AnnualReport LettertoShareholders
