 CEO Letter
Dear Shareholder,
The people of Manpower throughout the world marked an impressive performance in all categories in 2000. We entered the year with ambitious plans to advance Manpower’s profitability, visibility, and durability, and our efforts are being rewarded.
In 2000, Manpower achieved new records. Systemwide sales reached $12.4 billion, which is an organic growth rate of 15% in constant currency, but most importantly operating margins rose to record levels totaling $311 million, up 34.8% from 1999. This resulted in earnings per diluted share of $2.22, a 16% increase. Additionally, good progress was made on working capital with free cash flow of $130 million.
These results are good to report, but much more remains to be done. Changing markets, new economic uncertainty, increasingly complex customer needs, and the continual worldwide tightening of the labor market – these and many other factors continue to affect our company. We view many of these market forces as real opportunities for Manpower.
Manpower Inc. 57

 The condition of the labor market is an important issue on everyone’s mind — from corporate executives to employees – and this is true in all geographies. This concern has served to increase our visibility on many fronts. As a result, over 400,000 customers and 2.7 million employees have found that Manpower is the answer. The responsibility to resolve the challenges of the workforce, from both the employer and employee perspectives, is one that we assume with pride and passion. We know that we owe our success to the power of people and our ability to match a person’s skills with our customer’s job requirements to ensure these working relation- ships are successful for everyone involved.
Our efforts in the year 2000 were concentrated on expanding the key assets of the company. We continued to grow our network of offices to nearly 3,700 in 2000 with more than 285 new offices, which has strengthened our position in some of the fastest growing markets throughout the world. Countries like Sweden, Italy and Japan all added offices and continue to show positive signs of handsome returns to our shareholders. France contributed to share- holder value in extraordinary terms by increasing gross margins and improving operating profits by $30 million – or 49% in local currency.
58 Manpower Inc.

 We also continued to expand our wide array of services to our customers. We have recognized for several years that our customers need more help in the area of specialty and professional staffing services. Accordingly, we have invested in developing our specialty staffing resources, which now account for nearly 20% of our total business. Manpower Professional in the U.S. grew at 12%, which substantially exceeded industry growth, and we are poised to do even better in 2001. Additionally, we have begun to expand our IT staffing capabilities across continental Europe under the Elan brand. Elan Group Ltd., our European IT staffing subsidiary, has been fully integrated since we acquired it in January 2000. By combining Manpower’s IT staffing services with Elan’s capabilities, we now offer the premier service capabilities in the U.K. market.
Globally, we launched The Empower Group in 2000. We developed this independent operating unit through a combination of acquisitions, alliances, and internal capabilities, to provide human resource consulting services to our major customers. Headquartered in London, The Empower Group is strategically important for our customer base, as they rely on us to supply a higher level of expertise to help them overcome the challenges of the tight labor market and
Manpower Inc. 59

 navigate the constantly changing dynamics of their organizational structures. The Empower Group currently has offices across the Americas, Europe and Asia/Pacific, and we plan to expand its size and number of locations throughout 2001.
Technology plays a key role in business today, and it will continue to be a critical business issue as we move into the future. At Manpower, our commitment to technology remains strong, as we believe that the Internet is revolutionizing the staffing industry and offers tremendous opportunities to strengthen our relationships with our customers and our temporary employees. E-commerce may appear to have settled down because of the cooling of the “dot-coms,” but it is no less important than it was a year ago. The difference now is that results must accompany the vision, and that is the standard to which we are holding ourselves. Our view of e-commerce is that it is a powerful and effective means to conduct business with our customers, and we have made great progress connecting our customers to us via the Internet. In fact, nearly $300 million worth of staffing business is conducted annually through our Internet offering on a global basis.
60 Manpower Inc.

 Additionally, we have used our global resources to discover and develop new and better ways of attracting people to Manpower so that we can assign employees to job assignments more accurately and efficiently than ever before. This has been achieved, in part, by delivering a wealth of free training to our employees over the Internet, and offering our people challenging assignments working at some of the most exciting companies throughout the world.
These accomplishments throughout the year 2000 have added to the diversity of Manpower’s offerings and earnings. Our expansion in offices, our expansion in services, and our expansion in our customer base will add to the durability of our earnings as we enter into potentially unpredictable economies. The rapid rate of economic growth that we have experienced in the U.S. and many markets worldwide in the past year is expected to slow markedly in 2001. We began, in fact, to feel the effects of the slowdown in the fourth quarter of 2000. While the extent and impact of the slowing economy remains to be seen, we believe our geographic spread and wide range of services can reduce our exposure to these changes over the next year.
Manpower Inc. 61

We have accomplished a tremendous amount over the past year. We have improved the ways in which we operate; leveraging the strength of our global brand, our worldwide network, and our combined expertise and knowledge more effectively than ever before. When you look at our financial results, our range of services, our quality, and our ability to respond to customers’ increasingly complex requests, it is clear to see how far we have come. This progress is a credit to the hard work and diligence of the Manpower people around the world – and I thank them for their efforts.
We had a good year in 2000, but we have only started to demonstrate what this company is capable of achieving. All of us at Manpower are focused on the power of people to make 2001 even better.
Cordially,
Jeffrey A. Joerres President and CEO March 1, 2001
  62 Manpower Inc.
 