  DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
While it is an obligation to look back at our 2004 record, this year it is especially gratifying. The Manpower team worldwide delivered exceptional results, from both financial and strategic perspectives.
In 2004, our revenue reached a record $14.9 billion, an increase of 23%, or 14% in constant currency, over 2003 levels. Our Jefferson Wells financial services brand was the clear leader among our operations in this revenue growth, with an increase of 150% over the prior year. Our EMEA segment also provided a terrific performance, with revenues growing to more than $5 billion, an increase of 18% in constant currency.
MANPOWER INC. 23 2004 Annual Report

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Earnings for 2004 were $246 million – a record for Manpower – and a significant increase of 78% from 2003. We also continued to strengthen our balance sheet, with total debt as a percentage of capitalization improving from 39% in 2003 to 29% in 2004. Given our confidence in the future and our commitment to delivering shareholder value, we also doubled our semi-annual dividend in the second half of 2004.
All said, it was a very good year with impressive results for Manpower and its family of companies. The sustainability of business performance, however, is our benchmark for success, and we have proven that we have the ability, focus and execution to deliver continued, sustainable results over time. Over the last five years we have outperformed the S&P 500 by 43%. More importantly, each year we have continued to establish new baselines against which to measure our performance. As we move into 2005, we have set the bar even higher.
We believe that throughout 2004 we continued to build momentum, setting our- selves up for 2005 and beyond. The heart and soul of our business is, and will continue to be, temporary staffing, and that part of our business grew 20%. We were able to open new offices in expanding markets like India, Japan, Germany and Italy, extending our network to a total of more than 4,300 offices worldwide. We also improved our efficiency and stayed very disciplined in our pricing strategy in the temporary staffing marketplace.
2004 Annual Report 24 MANPOWER INC.

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
An imperative as we move into the future is balancing our mix of business. We have been making progress for several years, and 2004 marked the most successful year that we have had in working toward this goal. Jefferson Wells added $204 million of revenue for a total of $341 million in 2004; Elan, our IT specialist brand, grew 39%, with total revenues of $540 million for the year; and the acquisition of Right Management Consultants added $365 million in revenue. These three brands alone generated $1.3 billion in total revenue in 2004. Most importantly, these specialty services have enabled us to offer our customers the complementary range and scale of services that is changing the landscape of our industry by helping our customers to evolve their people strategies in ways that no one else can.
Jefferson Wells, in particular, has made great strides in the past year, gaining the trust and respect of top companies in the U.S. as they worked through the mammoth task of the Sarbanes-Oxley compliance process. This work has opened doors for the company to introduce clients to their full portfolio of internal audit and controls, technology risk management, tax, finance and accounting services. In addition to expanding Jefferson Wells’ network of offices in the U.S. and Canada, 2004 marked the opening of its first office in Europe, located in London. We expect this investment to pay off in 2005 and beyond, as the U.S. continues to work through financial reform measures, and Europe embarks on its own journey toward greater accountability in corporate governance.
MANPOWER INC. 25 2004 Annual Report

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Throughout 2004, we made great progress in expanding our permanent place- ment market share, adding over 450 dedicated permanent placement recruiters across the world. Our goal is to become the de facto leader in permanent placement worldwide, across all 67 countries and territories in our network. This includes our French unit where a legislative change in late 2004 allows us, for the first time, to provide permanent placement services to the French market.
So what’s next for Manpower? As I’ve stated before, we are determined to redefine the industry by offering a unique approach to solving our customers’ problems, now, and as they are traveling the road that lies ahead. As we listen to our customers and experience what’s happening in their workplaces throughout the globe, we see the next big need that we intend to fulfill. It is the requirement to optimize all of the talent that is involved in the company. It is the key to delivering a critical competitive advantage to companies that are facing fierce competition at both the global and local levels.
For many years, companies have optimized various facets of their business through supply chain management and offshoring/outsourcing of transactional functions or manufactured products. The one element that has been left out of this intense movement toward optimization, and one that companies are coming to realize that they must address, is the entire talent pool that works within their organization, including permanent, temporary and contract staff, as well as consultants.
2004 Annual Report 26 MANPOWER INC.

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Companies have come to realize it is a mandate to know what’s now and what’s next in their talent requirements, and to be able to manage these requirements effectively across the full gamut of their available talent pool. Manpower is uniquely positioned to answer this call, and we intend to capitalize on this emerging need. In our view, it’s about the employment life cycle and the business cycle meshing together to optimize talent management and utilization. This is truly the next frontier for our clients worldwide to achieve optimal efficiency, productivity and competitive advantage.
The Manpower solution is Talent Value Managementsm, a concept that we devel- oped over an 18-month period, to assist companies in determining where all of the various talent resides in their organization, and how the vast array of talent within that organization works together. This information then drives decisions that enable placement of the right people, with the right skills, in the right areas of the organization in order to improve productivity and efficiency, and drive the key out- comes required in the business strategy. We believe Talent Value Management is the key to optimizing the most important investment in any company – people.
This is just one of the many ways that we are focused on what’s next in the world of work, and how we can change the role of employees in fundamental ways. With our array of services and innovative solutions to today’s most pressing employment challenges, Manpower has a distinct advantage that we intend to leverage toward further sustainable growth in the years ahead.
MANPOWER INC. 27 2004 Annual Report

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
We are confident that 2004 will be marked as a turning point year for Manpower. At the core, Manpower and its offerings today, and what we are creating for the future, will redefine the industry. This is a bold statement, but one that we at Manpower believe in, strive for, and have the discipline and execution to achieve. The best is yet to come.
I would like to thank the 27,000 talented, hard-working people of Manpower who deliver the best service in the industry, and make it all worthwhile through their exceptional dedication.
In addition, I would also like to thank our Board of Directors for all of their insight and support. We welcome Marc Bolland, executive board member of Heineken N.V., as our newest member of the board, joining in 2004.
And finally, I would like to thank our shareholders for their commitment to Manpower and their continued confidence that we are poised for even greater performance in the years to come.
What’s next? We’ll be ready.
 JEFFREY A. JOERRES
CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT
FEBRUARY 9, 2005
2004 Annual Report 28
MANPOWER INC.
