To Our Shareholders
The year 1999 was one of significant and meaningful progress at Manpower. Throughout the year, our mission was simple: to execute our plan with urgency and improve profitability. Here’s our scorecard.
Systemwide sales increased to $11.5 billion, with all of the nearly $1 billion increase coming from organic growth. This growth has strengthened our position as the most recognized global brand in the industry, and was achieved with a watchful eye on profitability. Operating margin reached a record $258.7 million, up 16 percent from 1998.
In sum, we set and achieved several aggressive goals. As we enter 2000, we are advancing in all geographies with a clear purpose and intense energy, supported by the strength, depth and continuity of our office network that allows us to set the bar high and have the confidence to achieve. Our vision of being the pre-eminent global provider of higher-value workforce management services and solutions is unlocking
  Jeffrey A. Joerres
President & Chief Executive Officer
additional value for our shareholders and further securing our place as the thought leader in the staffing industry.
Achieving our financial goals begins with our brand, the leading “name” in the industry. In a world that is moving at web speed and creating new companies through mergers, acquisitions and quick start ups, it is my firm belief that great brands will win. Winning, of course, is based on opportunity and execution. And both of those exist for us.
The tightness of the labor market in virtually all of the 52 countries in which we operate is imposing a considerable challenge on the business world. The combination of a strong global economy, mounting
competition and advancing technology have created both a critical shortage of skilled workers and the need for businesses to operate efficiently, productively and as flexibly as possible. These global developments are driving a growing demand for the staffing services that Manpower provides.
2

But structural changes are taking place in our industry as well. Our customers, and businesses in general, are asking for a staffing firm to supply more than just people for seasonal or short-term assignments. They need staffing partners to identify and
implement effective workforce solutions directed at their
strategic objectives. This is the value Manpower can deliver
today to more than 400,000 customers worldwide and it is
the market position we intend to own going forward.
It is this need for flexible staffing solutions that will
drive our revenue growth — a key element in our future success. This growth, however, must be in the right geographies, the right industries and with companies where the opportunities are greatest to deliver higher- value services and solutions.
This focus was exemplified in 1999 by the expansion of our office network. We opened more than 200 offices in high-potential markets, and our investments are paying off handsomely. Germany, Italy and Spain are just a few examples of our aggressive office openings. In Germany, we grew revenues organically at an impressive 28 percent rate — well above the growth rate for the German market overall — and brought even greater gains to the bottom line. And nowhere in our network is there a better example of margin improvement than in France. Here, we achieved substantial improvements in gross margin while maintaining our market position.
Technology is also a major focus for us. The Internet opens up vast opportunities to advance our offerings and further add to the Manpower brand. We have already put in place several e-commerce applications — from the Global Learning Center, which delivers e-training and development to our employees, to UltraSourceTM, a leading–edge web–based order management system for our customers. These two applications are only a few examples of what we already have, and only the beginning of the e-commerce solutions we will offer our customers, as we are committed to “e-thinking” every aspect of our business.
 Our vision of being the pre-eminent global provider of higher-value workforce manage- ment services and solutions is unlocking additional value for our shareholders and further securing our place as the thought leader in the staffing industry.
3

Improving our efficiency is a key element to enhancing shareholder value. There is tremendous leverage opportunity in Manpower, with even a modest increase in productivity translating into gains in value for our customers and shareholders. And we are looking for much more than modest productivity improvements. We are looking at every element of our business, from the service desk to the corporate headquarters, to improve our processes and streamline service delivery. Efficiency, however, does not mean simply cutting costs or constraining investment. In the year 2000, we expect to increase our capital expenditures to invest in the right opportunities for Manpower’s long-term growth.
We are also advancing more aggressively in the professional and specialty staffing business. Our target: to make professional and specialty services account for a third of our revenue over the next five years. To that end, we re-branded Manpower® Technical, our former U.S. specialty business, as Manpower® Professional and reorganized this group to capitalize on our unique offerings and exceed the expectations of our customers. Today, Manpower Professional is our fastest growing business unit in the U.S., achieving 12 percent sales growth in 1999.
We have also looked to strengthen our position in the specialty staffing area in Europe with the strategic acquisition of Elan Group Ltd. in the United Kingdom. Beyond positioning the combined company as the United Kingdom’s IT staffing leader, the acquisition creates a firm foothold for expansion throughout continental Europe under the Elan brand.
Acquisitions are an element of our plan, but we are not interested in buying revenues, earnings and the integration issues that size-driven acquisitions can entail. Our goal is straightforward: to identify and pursue opportunities that have the potential to energize and enrich our current business. Our organic growth model will remain our focus, but we are open to strategic acquisitions that will add value for our customers and our shareholders.
 In a world that is moving at web speed and creating new companies through mergers, acquisitions and quick start ups, it is my firm belief that great brands will win. Winning,
of course, is based on opportunity and execution. And both of those exist for us.
4

  Great things happen when — and only when — an organization’s interests are aligned with those of its customers and its shareholders, and at Manpower our objectives are aligned. Today, across our company, a common understanding is shared of what Manpower
is trying to do and how each individual can contribute to our success.
Great things happen when — and only when —
an organization’s interests are aligned with those of its
customers and its shareholders, and at Manpower our
objectives are aligned. Today, across our company, a
common understanding is shared of what Manpower is trying to do and how each individual can contribute to our success. We are working together to build revenue, to improve efficiency and productivity, and to take quality to ever-higher levels.
The fact that we are so well positioned is due in no small measure to the contributions of all the dedicated Manpower people worldwide who made 1999 a successful year for our company by demonstrating what happens when we plan our work and execute our plan together. We had a good year in 1999. We will all be working hard to ensure that 2000 is even better. I also want to acknowledge John R. Walter who, after serving on our Board for a year, took on the additional responsibility of serving as non-executive Chairman in May. John’s business knowledge, gained as Chairman, President and CEO of R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company and, more recently, as President of AT&T is already helping Manpower move forward.
*****
Special recognition is in order for Mitchell S. Fromstein who, after 23 years as Chairman, President and CEO, retired in May 1999. Mitchell’s commitment to improving Manpower every day is a model for the entire company and industry. I would also like to express my personal gratitude to Mitchell for supporting and assisting me into my role as CEO.
Respectfully,
Jeffrey A. Joerres
President & Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2000
 5
