Letter from the Chairman & CEO
DEAR
MANPOWERGROUP INVESTOR,
ManpowerGroup delivered strong performance in 2015, enabled by disciplined execution and strategic investments, positioning us well for further growth and success.
2015 Revenues increased by*
7%
Operating Profit EPS improved by* increased by*
11% 17%
*All figures in constant currency
    Annual Report 2015 | 04

    Total 3.3
Revenues increased by 7% in constant currency over 2014. Gross profit margin also improved during the year, while our operating profit reached $689 million, up 11% in constant currency and 14% excluding restructuring costs. Our operating margin in 2015 was the highest in 20 years, and earnings per share reached $5.40 per share for the year, improving 17% in constant currency.
In 2015 we remained focused on organic growth, while a few smaller acquisitions increased our portfolio in key markets allowing us to deliver a broader range of workforce solutions. These acquisitions increased the capabilities of Experis and ManpowerGroup Solutions in Germany, Australia and Canada, and together with our new partnership in Greater China, position us well for future growth in those markets.
We made excellent progress in further expanding our permanent recruitment business representing 14% of our gross profit in 2015, with opportunities for further growth in many parts of the world, and achieved solid growth across all of our strong and connected brands and offerings:
Business Line Gross Profit ($ in billions)
Manpower 2.1 Experis 0.6 ManpowerGroup Solutions 0.4 Right Management 0.2
OUR PERFORMANCE
ÒWE KNOW HOW TO
ADAPT AND SUCCEED
IN TIMES OF GREAT
DISRUPTIVE CHANGE.Ó
< Jonas Prising, Chairman & CEO
   05 | ManpowerGroup

Manpower performed well, delivering gross profit growth of 5% in constant currency and double-digit growth in permanent recruitment through the year. Our multi-channel sales and delivery model continued to gain momentum, with our global Centers of Recruiting Excellence (CORE) expanding rapidly as demand for fast, flexible sourcing and recruiting expertise grew, enabled by technology and more tech-savvy candidates.
Experis increased gross profit by 11% in constant currency in 2015. Acquisitions contributed to revenue growth, while enhancing our capabilities primarily in the IT skill and project solutions sectors. We also saw strong double-digit permanent recruitment growth in Experis as our clients increasingly see us as a source not only of skilled project professionals, but also for those critical skills they wish to employ on a more permanent basis.
Right Management closed out 2015 strong, with gross profit growth of 4% in constant currency. The turnaround of our global career expert business was fueled by revenue growth of 8% in constant currency in the fourth quarter. We improved our operational execution and were also successful in our industry-specific focus, supporting companies undergoing significant change due to market pressures especially in the energy sector, leading to profitability improvements in all regions. The launch of RightEverywhere¨, our unique cloud-based career development platform, further differentiated the brand with its innovative approach to one-to-one on-demand candidate coaching.
ManpowerGroup Solutions continued to be a very strong engine for organic growth, generating constant currency gross profit growth of 18%. Our Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) and TAPFIN Managed Service Provider (MSP) offerings consistently delivered strong performance while earning consecutive global leader rankings by external analysts NelsonHall and Everest Group. Proservia grew rapidly in the IT end-user market in France, expanding its reach across Europe with major contributions to the rapid growth of our Solutions business. Our 2015 partnership with EXPO in Milan was just one example of our global multi-brand workforce solutions where we trained and managed over 3,000 workers for the event that welcomed 20 million visitors in six months, highlighting our expansive and unique global capabilities across all of our brands.
                                                                Annual Report 2015 | 06

The Human AgeÑwhere access to talent is the key differentiatorÑis precisely the kind of environment we have been preparing for as a leading global workforce solutions company.
OUR PERSPECTIVE
In the Human AgeÑan era where talent overtakes capital as the key strategic and economic differentiator for organizations and countries alikeÑchanges in the world of work are accelerating at a rapid pace and scale. A confluence of cyclical and structural forces, from shifting demographics and rapid globalization to technological revolution, has created a more volatile business environment and knocked labor markets out of sync. Rather than returning to business as usual after the recession, labor markets are settling into a new normal where certain uncertainty seems the norm. At the same time, companies are applying sophisticated just-in-time hiring strategies and individuals with in-demand skills have many more choices about how and where they work.
In the Human Age access to talent is the key differentiator, yet our tenth annual Talent Shortage Survey shows 38% of hiring managers cannot find the talent they need. Clearly employers need a new playbook to ensure they have the speed, agility and, most of all, the skills to seize an increasingly transient competitive advantage. This is precisely the kind of environment we have been preparing for as a leading global workforce solutions company.
OUR OPPORTUNITY
In this difficult and unpredictable environment, where jobs will be lost and new ones created, we are very well positioned with our broad portfolio of workforce solutions to guide our clients to success while supporting people in finding meaningful work.
Our global footprint and collaborative organization, spanning 80 countries and territories, allows for local best practices to be deployed worldwide, provides agility and flexibility and creates faster time to value across all operations. We leverage our
07 | ManpowerGroup

Annual Report 2015 | 08
scalable capabilities with local reach and insights to the advantage of our clients, reimagining the areas we believe will be the most impacted by the structural changes occurring in labor markets all over the world.
We believe organizations will increasingly use the different ways that work can get done to evolve their work models, exploring new ways to manage talent and continually reassess the kind of workforce needed to achieve their business objectives. They will explore new talent sources and increase training capabilities to secure a pipeline of skilled talent. Their people practices will continue to adapt to the needs and expectations of multiple generations to secure the skills required to execute their business strategy.
We are committed to this evolution in our own organization to drive success and ensure our operations are more agile, efficient and our people fully engaged. Technology plays a big part. In 2015 we continued to invest in technologies to enhance our ability to source, recruit and engage candidates, launching new user- friendly mobile apps in France, Brazil and North America to make it easier for candidates to engage with us and apply for jobs.
To stay competitive in the Human Age, individuals too need to evolveÑthey will need learnabilityÑthe desire and capability to develop in-demand skills and to keep developing to stay relevant. To that end we introduced our online learning platform, powerYOUTM, for our ManpowerGroup employees, Manpower associates and Experis professionals, offering 4,500 career development courses including videos, virtual classrooms and simulations accessible on mobile and desktop devices. We also made further progress in transforming how our global teams work across our family of brands by improving communication and efficiency using the cloud-based collaboration tools we launched in 2014.
OUR PEOPLE
Talent within our own organization is critical. We remain focused on developing high- performing teams of motivated, passionate and well-trained individuals to leverage a collaborative culture that equips us with the capabilities to help our clients win.
In 2015 we achieved an all-time-high employee engagement score in our ManpowerGroup Annual People Survey. We further strengthened our leadership pipeline developing some of our best people from around the world, promoting continuity and consistency in succession planning, which is an ongoing activity as our business needs evolve.

  We launched new research providing practical advice on how to close the gender gap faster. The white paper, Seven Steps to Conscious Inclusion: A Practical Guide to Accelerating More Women Into Leadership, shows organizations the obstacles and more importantly, the solutions to achieving gender parity in the workforce.
Also in 2015, we said a final thank you to our Executive Chairman, Jeff Joerres, who retired after 22 years with ManpowerGroup. JeffÕs strategic vision transformed us from a $9 billion temporary staffing company to a $20 billion global provider of innovative workforce solutions. His inspiring legacy will live on in our client-first approach and our shared belief in doing well by doing good.
We upheld that commitment in 2015 by again being named one of the WorldÕs Most Admired Companies by Fortune and appearing on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and FTSE4Good Index. We were also selected as one of the WorldÕs Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere for the fifth consecutive year, and achieved a perfect score on the Corporate Equality Index survey in 2015, earning us a place among the 2016 Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality.
To consistently deliver strong, profitable growth, while remaining true to the values on which we were founded nearly 70 years ago, is a great source of pride for everyone at ManpowerGroup. ItÕs also an indicator that we know how to adapt and succeed in times of great disruptive change on a global scale. And thatÕs what ManpowerGroup will continue to do now and in the future.
Our workforce solutions are ideally suited to help companies adapt and prosper in a volatile and uncertain environment, and at the same time support millions of individuals in finding meaningful employment all over the world. That is the foundation of our confidence and passion for our business today, in 2016 and beyond.
Jonas Prising
Chairman & CEO
ManpowerGroup
 09 | ManpowerGroup
