 WILLIAM J. SHAW
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
CONTENTS
2 BRAND OVERVIEW 50
4 EXECUTIVE LETTER 51
10 OUR RICH CULTURE
11 FINANCIAL REVIEW 52
27 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 53 31 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
J.W. MARRIOTT, JR.
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE RECONCILIATION
MANAGEMENT’S REPORTS
REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
These are exciting times for Marriott International. In 2004, business travel rebounded, leisure demand reached new heights, and each of our 17 lodging and timeshare brands benefited from the strong recovery. Marriott’s diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 27 percent to $2.47, and—in what is perhaps the measure that matters most—guest preference for our brands continued to significantly lead our competitors. Altogether, these factors increased our stock price to a historic high in 2004, on the strength of Marriott’s outstand- ing associates, our superior business model and a culture committed to service.
Marriott’s management and franchise fee revenue totaled $873 million in 2004, 18 percent higher than 2003 levels. Cash flow from operations also totaled nearly $900 million for the year, while dividends and share repurchases returned a record $700 million to shareholders. Total debt, net of cash, declined 55 per- cent in 2004 to $555 million, the lowest level since 1998. As the leading lodging management and franchising company, the hotels and resorts in Marriott’s port- folio have a total value of approximately $70 billion. However, as a manager
and franchisor of these assets, Marriott’s return on its own invested capital was 14.1 percent in 2004, which we believe was substantially higher than other major public U.S. lodging companies.
FORCES OF CHANGE
The lodging industry is changing rapidly, and Marriott is well-positioned to benefit. Strong owner and franchisee preference, as well as demand for our brands, has allowed us to add strategically to our lodging portfolio with little new Marriott-invested capital. Because of the power of our brands and our ability to generate value for our owners and franchisees, Marriott management contracts are generally among those with the longest terms in the industry.
In the United States, lodging demand surged while supply growth remained low during 2004. The U.S. lodging industry added only 60,000 rooms for a total
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
2004
2003
Change
12% 27% 25% 27%
   $10,099
$ 477
$ 594 $ 2.47
  $9,014 $ 377 $ 476 $ 1.94
49 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA 54
55 CORPORATE INFORMATION
($ in millions, except per share amounts)
Revenues1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Operating income. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Income from continuing operations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Diluted earnings per share1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 4
1 From continuing operations.

of nearly 4.5 million rooms, and construction levels remain at historic lows. On the other hand, demand for U.S. lodging increased 4.5 percent during 2004, with an additional 4.1 percent increase projected in 2005. Given these trends, our long-term outlook for U.S. hotel rev- enue per available room (RevPAR) growth has rarely been more bullish.
The RevPAR of our comparable company-operated North American properties increased 8.6 percent in 2004, and our house profit margins increased 80 basis points. This attracts yet more growth, as owners and franchisees of competitor hotels seek to improve their profitability by converting to one of our flags. In 2004, nearly 40 percent of the rooms we added were conversions from other brands, driving customer preference and results for our entire sys- tem. Marriott’s U.S. market share has more than doubled over the past 15 years, rising from 4 to 8.4 percent.
Other trends track with the strategy we’ve put in place. Globalization continues to reshape the lodging industry as international travel continues to surge and business and leisure travelers around the world show a greater preference for established quality brands. The World Travel & Tourism Council projects that global travel demand will increase approximately 5 percent in 2005 and 4 percent annually through 2015, fueled in part by a growing global middle class. The Chinese, in particular, are beginning to travel abroad, and great new opportunities will be born as that trend accelerates.
OPPORTUNITIES FOR GROWTH
With operations in nearly 70 countries and territories, Marriott is well-prepared to serve this growing demand.
  global expansion
with hotels in nearly 70 countries and territories, marriott has significant worldwide distribution. we expect to add 25,000 to 30,000 rooms in
2005, as we continue our growth in global gateway cities and emerging markets. in china, marriott offers more than 25 hotels, including the
jw marriott hotel shanghai at tomorrow square (above), which features luxurious accommodations and spectacular views of downtown shanghai.
5
 
In 2004, room nights of international guests visiting our U.S. hotels increased
19 percent. Our non-U.S. hotels also sold 13 percent more room nights in 2004 than in 2003 due to stronger demand and broader distribution. That demand
is driving expansion to new gateway cities outside the United States, as well as new secondary and tertiary U.S. markets. In 2004, we added more than 160 new hotels with more than 27,000 rooms. Among the many exciting openings were the London Marriott Hotel West India Quay, the Sanya Marriott Resort & Spa in China and the Renaissance St. Petersburg Baltic Hotel in Russia. As of year-end, there were over 55,000 rooms in our development pipeline worldwide.
The increase in global wealth also contributed to much higher demand for luxury lodging in 2004. Worldwide, The Ritz-Carlton’s revenue per available room increased nearly 16 percent in constant dollars, the highest growth rate of all our brands. In response to this developing demographic trend, our
JW Marriott Hotels & Resorts brand continues to grow and meet the demands of the luxury market, and we opened the first hotel of our third luxury brand, Bulgari Hotels & Resorts.
Business travel continues to be the engine that drives our revenue. Today,
more and more business travelers select hotels that help them be more productive. Globally, Marriott also offers nearly 23 million square feet of space for meetings and conventions, complemented by extraordinary food service and amenities.
Our timeshare business provides a lifetime of memorable vacations for leisure travelers. With the largest market share in this rapidly growing $10 billion indus- try, Marriott’s four timeshare brands provide a variety of vacation experiences. The fastest growing of these brands, The Ritz-Carlton Club, offers fractional ownership of an elegantly furnished residence or second home in the finest resort communities, with the deluxe, personalized services and amenities that customers have come to expect from The Ritz-Carlton.
THE GUEST EXPERIENCE
At Marriott, our commitment to excellence means we’re always looking for new ways to delight our guests and bring them a total “experience.” This inspired approach to hospitality, “the new look and feel of Marriott,” is influ- enced by the world’s foremost innovations in design, technology, culinary expertise, service and comfort.
This evolution is already evident across all of our brands, in new hotel designs, exotic destinations, enhanced fitness centers, sumptuous spas and expanded culinary offerings, as well as our new luxury bedding. From our luxury to moderately priced segments, each brand will be more upscale and attuned to customer needs than ever before.
Customer demand for technology is rising as well, and we’re responding. With high-speed internet access at nearly all of our hotels, and nearly
2,000 hotels offering Wi-Fi, we lead the industry in keeping our customers con- nected. We are developing and testing new systems, including check-in via lobby kiosks and wireless handheld devices, as well as pre-arrival e-mail confirmations that provide customers with local and hotel-specific information prior to their stay.
We’re also using technology behind the scenes to improve performance and enhance guest satisfaction. Our reservation and yield management systems have outperformed the industry for many years. We have the largest, fastest, most user-friendly web site in the industry. Marriott.com attracts almost six million visitors every month. In early 2006, we will pilot a consolidated inventory system—an industry first that will allow us to yield-manage guest room and meeting space simultaneously.
SPIRIT TO SERVE®
And yet, for all of our innovations and superior properties, what makes Marriott truly special is our “spirit to serve”—a spirit demonstrated by the outstanding service of our 133,000 associates. They have earned the customer preference and brand leadership we enjoy today. Leaders throughout Marriott are compensated using a balanced scorecard that factors associate satisfaction, as well as customer satisfaction and profitability, on the proven theory that if we take good care of our associates, they’ll take good care of our guests.
As 2004 made clear and 2005 will prove again, the only thing constant about the hospitality industry is change. The global marketplace is more competitive than ever. Today’s customer wants it all: comfort and style, excitement and sophistication, warmth and reliability. With the most comprehensive portfolio of brands, a very strong balance sheet, the industry’s most experienced manage- ment team, owners and franchisees committed to excellence, and the most skilled and attentive associates anywhere in the hospitality industry, Marriott will continue to deliver superior value to guests and shareholders alike.
J.W. MARRIOTT, JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
WILLIAM J. SHAW
President and Chief Operating Officer
March 1, 2005
  6
