To Our Shareholders
What a difference a year makes!
Just a year ago, Marriott International was struggling
through the economic uncertainty created by the financial crisis and global recession. Businesses had cut back on travel, and leisure travelers were spending less. As a result, we found ourselves battling significantly lower revenue per available room (RevPAR) and a corresponding decline in cash flow.
In response, we set goals that positioned Marriott to emerge stronger when better economic times returned. We fought for all the revenues we could, through our use of sales and marketing channels and our focus on customer service. We controlled costs at our hotels, corporate offices and time- share business to generate as much cash flow as possible and bring our debt ratios to comfortable levels.
Now, a year later, we enter this new decade with great optimism. We’re encouraged by a modest increase in busi- ness travel and group bookings toward the end of 2009 and in the first weeks of 2010. It’s too early to claim a full recov- ery, but it seems reasonably clear that the freefall of a year ago has stopped and, from a new bottom, a recovery
is under way.
Marriott is poised for long-term success because of our
longstanding competitive advantages—strong brands, customer preference, more than 80 years of experience, and a proven business model of managing and franchising hotels rather than owning them. By minimizing capital investments, we maximize financial flexibility and cash flow.
Above all, our strongest competitive advantage is our team of associates. It is through their remarkable efforts that we start this new decade in a position of strength.
PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
In 2009, revenue totaled nearly $11 billion and diluted losses per share attributable to Marriott shareholders totaled $0.97. Revenues from management and franchise fees declined 22 percent, reflecting a 17 percent decline (in constant dollars) in systemwide worldwide RevPAR.
Our results included restructuring costs and other charges of $213 million, timeshare strategy – impairment charges
of $752 million, and certain tax expenses of $56 million
(in aggregate totaling $688 million after tax or $1.94 per diluted share).
J.W. Marriott, Jr. [RIGHT] Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Arne M. Sorenson [LEFT] President and Chief Operating Officer
 For a video message from our executives, visit Marriott.com/investor.
MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2009 i

We were disappointed to have to take charges associated with our timeshare business, which we restructured based on weak demand. We reduced residential prices, converted some projects to other uses, and decided to sell some unde- veloped land, among other actions. We were pleased that for the full year, the business generated over $150 million of pretax cash flow.
We strengthened our balance sheet faster than we expected, reducing debt by nearly $800 million during the year, and our public debt remains investment grade. At the end of 2009, total debt was $2.3 billion and cash balances totaled $115 million, compared to $3.1 billion of debt and $134 million of cash at year-end 2008.
GLOBAL GROWTH
In 2009, we opened nearly 38,000 new rooms and residen- tial units, an all-time record for the company. At year-end, our lodging portfolio totaled 3,420 hotels or timeshare resorts across 18 brands in 68 countries and territories.
Our development pipeline includes more than 600 hotels encompassing nearly 100,000 rooms. Over one-third of these new rooms are full service, and more than one-third are located outside of North America, where we already see tangible results from our global growth. In 2009, over two- thirds of the $154 million we earned in incentive manage- ment fees—profits we share with our owners—came from hotels outside of North America.
Moving ahead, a high percentage of Marriott’s growth will continue to be fueled by global development. In Asia, where we opened our first hotel 20 years ago, our portfolio has expanded to 114 properties with another 55 in the pipeline. We expect to operate 60 hotels in China alone by year-end 2010, making it our largest market outside of North America.
Our global growth involves a broad range of brands,
from full service to extended stay. In 2009, we opened the Renaissance Paris Arc de Triomphe Hotel, which is set in the heart of the city, and the Bogota Marriott Hotel, our first hotel in Colombia. Courtyard celebrated its 800th hotel with a grand opening in Shanghai, and has nearly 20 hotels under development in India and China. Residence Inn is moving into Europe, and Fairfield Inn & Suites plans to add 36 hotels in Mexico in the next 10 years.
Of course, we continue to pursue opportunities in the U.S. as well. Two breathtaking new luxury hotels—the
JW Marriott and The Ritz-Carlton L.A. LIVE—opened in early 2010, anchoring a new sports, residential and entertainment district in a resurgent downtown Los Angeles. The new
JW Marriott San Antonio Hill Country Resort & Spa in Texas features a 36-hole PGA Tournament Golf Course and an exhilarating six-acre water experience for the whole family.
In addition, we see considerable franchise interest in expanding our limited-service brands to secondary and tertiary markets in North America, as well as owner inter- est in converting existing hotels to our brands. In 2009, we converted 19 properties to five different Marriott brands. Customers enjoy our service and style, while owners, franchisees and lenders appreciate the economic returns generated by our brands.
REVENUE GENERATION
To combat weak demand by groups and business travelers in 2009, we launched a series of quickly deployed promo- tions, including the popular “Global Rate Break” and “Deal of the Day” to attract leisure business, and programs such as “Marriott Meetings Matter” to incent meeting planners to book their conferences with us.
 2009 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. AWARDS 100 Best Companies to Work For and one of America’s Most
Admired Companies (FORTUNE®)
Best Places to Launch a Career (BusinessWeek)
Working Mother 100 Best Companies Hall of Fame
(Working Mother)
Top Companies for Executive Women
(National Association for Female Executives) Best Places to Work in IT (ComputerWorld)
Marriott Rewards Named Best Hotel Loyalty Program — Americas (Freddie Awards)
Top Ten Companies for Working Hispanics (Hispanic)
Top 50 Companies for Diversity (DiversityInc)
50 Best Companies for Diversity (Black Enterprise)
100% Score on Corporate Equality Index Report
(Human Rights Campaign)
A World’s Most Ethical Company (Ethisphere)
Company Member (FTSE4Good Index)
Greenest Big Companies in America (Newsweek)
2009 Tourism for Tomorrow Award for Sustainability
(World Travel and Tourism Council)
2009 ENERGY STAR® Sustained Excellence Award
(U.S. Environmental Protection Agency)
ii
 
We partnered with other travel industry leaders to appeal to politicians to curb the negative rhetoric around group meetings. According to the U.S. Travel Association, group business supports 1 million jobs, providing a powerful stimu- lus to economic growth. We were especially pleased that the U.S. Congress enacted the Travel Promotion Act in early 2010, which we believe will increase international travel and boost U.S. hotel stays at no cost to taxpayers.
To attract small business meetings, we launched tele- presence technology. Now, small groups can connect in separate hotels using high-definition video and real-time audio. Plans call for implementing the technology in up to 25 hotels worldwide through 2011.
Marriott Rewards®, our award-winning guest loyalty program, offered its more than 32 million members special deals, bonuses and perks, such as No Blackout Dates and Elite Rollover Nights, to solidify their loyalty for our brands.
We refreshed Marriott’s digital front door—Marriott.com— to make it easier for guests to book rooms and manage their Marriott Rewards accounts online. The world’s seventh larg- est online consumer retail site, based on 2008 online sales, with at least 12 million unique visitors a month, Marriott.com accounts for over 20 percent of Marriott’s gross property- level sales. And now that we’ve made it easy for guests to make reservations on-the-go, they’ve booked $34.6 million in property-level sales using their mobile devices.
We debuted the Marriott News Center on Marriott.com, a social and multimedia hub for news about our brands and initiatives. We offered breaking news and deals on Twitter, where we have more than 38,000 followers.
BRAND INNOVATION
While we continue to invest in our existing brand portfolio, we’re also introducing new brands to reach unique guest segments and appeal to new owners.
We announced the Autograph Collection, a new brand of upscale independent hotels with distinctive personalities in major cities and desired destinations worldwide. Member properties preserve their branding and personalities, while reaping the benefits of Marriott’s reservation, marketing and technology platforms. The first seven hotels will officially join
J.W. Marriott, Jr.
the Autograph Collection in April, and, in total, we plan to add 25 or more properties in 2010.
By the end of this year, we expect to open our first two EDITION hotels, our new lifestyle boutique brand developed in partnership with visionary Ian Schrager.
SpringHill Suites—one of our moderately priced brands with one of the highest guest satisfaction scores in our system— introduced a new contemporary design, and Courtyard has transformed more than 100 of its lobbies to enhance the guest experience and deliver profitable food and beverage sales.
GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP
We know that people want to do business with those who share their values, and remain firmly committed to being a responsible global corporate citizen.
Our properties worldwide are focused on five global issues—poverty alleviation, the environment, community workforce development, the well-being of children, and diversity and inclusion. We help put roofs over people’s heads and food in their hands, provide education so people can secure jobs, and help youth who are vulnerable to poverty, exploitation and lack of opportunity. We’re working toward a healthier planet through our $2 million commitment to protect the Amazon rainforest.
In alignment with our more disciplined focus on worldwide growth, we must embrace a global mindset. Marriott’s greatest strength lies in the rich diversity of culture, talent and experi- ences of our guests and associates around the world. Our differences make us stronger, our culture more vibrant, our business model more flexible, and our work more meaningful.
PEOPLE. PLACES. PURPOSE.
For more than 80 years, we have refined our business model, continued to innovate our brands, broadened our portfolio across nearly 70 countries and territories, and mastered the art of taking care of people. We know that our associates are our greatest asset, because it’s through their dedication that we deliver exceptional customer service— and why brighter days are ahead.
It will truly be our pleasure to welcome and serve you in 2010. Safe travels.
March 15, 2010
Arne M. Sorenson
President and Chief Operating Officer
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2009 iii
 