ToOur
Shareholders
    WILLIAM J. SHAW President and Chief Operating Officer
The year 2000 was an outstanding one for Marriott International. Our geographic and product distribution and market share grew dramatically. By year-end, we had reached 2,099 hotels, and our 16 lodging and timeshare brands are represented in 60 countries and territories around the world. Marriott Senior Living Services now has 153 communities nationwide across four brands, and Marriott Distribution Services serves nearly 7,000 customer locations throughout the United States. Together these 21 brands and businesses form the most extensive portfolio of hospitality brands in the world.
We achieved record sales, operating profit and earn- ings per share in 2000. Our stock price rose 34 percent, outperforming the S&P 500 and most other consumer brand companies.
To grow our leadership position in the 21st century, we are focusing on three key areas:
• Sustaining rapid worldwide unit expansion by offer- ing strong, profitable, preferred branded hotels to our customers, owners and franchisees;
• Building on our strong culture of innovation and operational excellence to provide our customers with the highest quality lodging and senior living experi- ence; and
• Finding ever better ways to attract, develop and retain our valued, world-class team of associates and future leaders.
Our growth goals are aggressive. Between 1999 and 2003, we expect to open over 1,000 hotels and timeshare resorts, representing 175,000 gross room additions, increasing our distribution from 53 countries and terri- tories to more than 75.
Our U.S. lodging market share in 1990 was only 4.4 per- cent. Today our U.S. share is 7.5 percent, and our brands account for over 25 percent of all new hotel rooms under construction and in permitting in the United States. Our full-service brands—Marriott, Renaissance and Ritz- Carlton—represent over 45 percent of the industry’s pipeline of upper-upscale hotel rooms. Over 80 percent of the progress toward our five-year growth goal consists of rooms open or under development as of year-end 2000.
Our international presence has grown more than tenfold since 1990, but we still have less than a one per- cent market share outside the United States. Over 20 percent of the hotels, or more than 17,000 rooms, in our pipeline are in international markets.
J.W. MARRIOTT, JR. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
20

Marriott Vacation Club International (MVCI) is achieving impressive growth in the competitive time- share industry. U.S. market share has grown from around 14 percent in 1997 to nearly 17 percent today. With the successful launch of The Ritz-Carlton Club and Horizons by Marriott brands, MVCI is posting record sales gains, with approximately 30 percent of sales com- ing from existing owners or referrals.
Marriott Senior Living Services begins 2001 with a new leadership team and a strong focus on operational excellence. Compelling demographics will drive demand growth in the assisted living industry. Combined with slower supply growth, this should result in improved performance in future years.
Marriott Distribution Services is growing steadily with the addition of new customers, expanded sales to existing customers, and the opening of a new distribution center in Denver.
A vital component of Marriott’s growth is our emphasis on strong relationships with our owners and franchise part- ners. Our focus on managing strong, profitable brands in partnership with these important investors—who are close to the market, understand the importance of customer pref- erence, and share our commitment to brand leadership— has emerged as a win-win strategy for everyone.
All of our established U.S. brands maintained or increased their REVPAR premiums versus the competi- tion in 2000. Our owners and franchisees are attracted to both the outstanding quality of our brands and our com- mitment to their profitability.
In return, their commitment to brand quality and growth allows Marriott to enhance the value of our brands and offer our products in markets around the world. Over 85 percent of the hotels added in 2000 were built or con- verted to one of our brands by owners or franchisees. Today, over 400 additional hotels with more than 70,000 rooms are approved or under construction.
Marriott may assist owners of significant hotels from time to time through investments in the form of equity, mezzanine debt or limited guarantees. However, 85 per- cent of our 70,000-room pipeline, representing approxi- mately $10 billion of investment, is being funded by our partners. We’re proud of the trust and confidence they’ve placed in us, and we are dedicated to maximizing the return on their investment.
As part of our ongoing strategy to expand our reach through partnerships with preeminent, world-class companies, in early 2001 we entered into a joint venture with Bulgari SpA to launch a distinctive new luxury hotel brand—Bvlgari Hotels & Resorts.
We also enjoy strong relationships with our customers. Our extensive research into what our customers and busi- ness partners want from a hospitality company is reflected in our preference ratings.
Business and leisure travelers, meeting planners, owners and franchisees continue to prefer our brands by wide margins. The flagship Marriott Hotels, Resorts and Suites brand maintains a 3 -to -1 preference over its near- est quality-tier competitor among frequent U.S. business travelers. About 80 percent of all U.S. frequent quality- tier business travelers stayed at a Marriott full-service property at least once last year, which reflects not only our brand strength but our growing geographic distribution.
We will continue our global growth and expand our leadership position in the hospitality industry by building on our reputation for innovation and operational excel- lence. We’ve found some unique ways to combine our “spirit to serve” culture with new technology to further understand our customers, meet their needs, increase their loyalty and lower our operating costs.
We just launched a more customer-focused marriott.com to enable customers to receive a personalized web page. This sets the stage for permission-based e-mail marketing and our customer information management system. This is a critical factor in today’s “wired” business environment as we work to deliver personalized benefits and recogni- tion to high-value customers.
We introduced the Marriott Rewards Elite member- ship program, consolidating our frequent traveler programs to provide cross-brand recognition to Marriott’s best customers. And we have replaced Marriott Miles with a new program, Cross-Brand Miles, that will pro- vide an even higher level of recognition.
Our reservations system is second to none. Revenues through marriott.com have increased nearly ninefold over the last two years, from $50 million in 1998 to $430 million in 2000. That number is estimated to reach $1 billion in 2002. While we already have the lowest cost per reservation in the industry, that cost is trending even lower.
21

Finally, we introduced our Sales Force Automation system, which supplements our hotel-specific organiza- tions with a global operation that uses innovative concepts and processes to sell across markets, regions and brands.
Our efforts are being noticed. Several influential pub- lications have named us to their lists of the most innova- tive, technology-driven companies, observing that Marriott’s U.S. occupancy is significantly higher than the industry. They also mention that our expert use of the web helps us smooth the cycles that often trouble the hotel business. And that aligns perfectly with our positioning of Marriott as a global consumer brand that is more resistant to the cyclicality of the lodging industry.
Collectively, our technology initiatives have dramatically altered the way we do business. We’re faster, more flexible and better able to do business the way our customers, owners and franchisees want us to. And this evolution in service is earning us increased customer loyalty and an even greater competitive edge.
But the single most important factor in our success is our associates. They provide the outstanding service that keeps our customers coming back to Marriott.
We take pride in meeting the needs of our associates with a consistent, long-term vision for our business, good com- pensation, fair treatment, career training, commitment to work-life balance and opportunities for growth. Our success in caring for our associates is impressive, and we’re consis- tently recognized in major surveys as a great place to work.
Leadership is critically important, and at Marriott, every executive is focused on increasing value for our stakeholders. Our unit management incentive compensa- tion plans are based on profitability, customer satisfaction and associate satisfaction.We continue to actively recruit and develop promising managers who can lead our busi- nesses in the future.
We remain committed to diversity. The number of our minority and women franchisees has more than doubled in the past four years. Our purchasing from diverse sup- pliers reached $150 million in 2000. Minorities and women now represent over 60 percent of Marriott’s man- agement team and 21 percent of its corporate officers.
Our “spirit to serve” also applies to our communities. We have a large economic and social presence in each of our markets, and we have pledged that these communities
will be better places to live and work because Marriott is there. Working with organizations like America’s Promise, Children’s Miracle Network, Habitat for Humanity International, and local charities and community organiza- tions in every market, Marriott and its associates contribute goods, funds and, most important, their time and energy to make a difference in the lives of others.
We’ve accomplished a great deal in 2000, but there is more to be done.
Marriott’s business model, which focuses on long-term management and franchise agreements rather than real estate ownership, positions the company to perform well in any economic environment. In fact, in more difficult economic climates, our strong customer preference has given us increased REVPAR premiums, which has resulted in additional unit growth through hotels con- verting to our brands.
The future is bright. We will take advantage of world- wide market opportunities, and we expect to increase our distribution of hotel rooms by approximately eight percent per year through 2003. We continue to focus on control- ling costs, and we have set a corporate goal of increasing return on invested capital to 20 percent.
The 21st century has only just begun. We have a long journey ahead of us, filled with challenges and oppor- tunities. But we’re working hard—in partnership with our owners, franchisees, associates, customers and share- holders—to build a great future at Marriott. We want to thank you for your continued support and invite you to journey with us as we move Marriott International into the new millennium.
J.W. MARRIOTT, JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
WILLIAM J. SHAW
President and Chief Operating Officer March 2, 2001
  22
