MARCH 2015
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
I am pleased to share Masco’s strong performance in 2014,
a year that was driven by transformational actions and accomplishments throughout our Company. We increased
our net sales by 4 percent to $8.5 billion and achieved our best operating margin since 2008, resulting from cost control and productivity improvements. Our improved financial results, including top- and bottom-line growth, reflect our commitment
to serving our customers, investing in our brands and innovation and strengthening our operating leverage.
My transition to the leadership role as Masco’s President and Chief Executive Officer, in February of 2014, came at a pivotal time for the Company. In 2013, we delivered strong and consistent growth in all four quarters and across all operating segments. To continue this momentum in 2014 and position the Company for future growth, we focused our strategy on driving our core businesses to their full potential, leveraging opportunities across our businesses and actively managing our portfolio.
Our focus on strategy execution, coupled with improving repair and remodel and new home construction activity, led to record performances and recognition in the marketplace in 2014. In
our Plumbing Products segment, Hansgrohe and Delta Faucet reaffirmed their positions among the leading global plumbing companies by achieving record sales and profit levels for the year. In addition, both companies received recognition for their outstanding and innovative products. Among many other awards in 2014 for its Axor® ShowerPipe designed by Front, Hansgrohe Keith Allman
President and
Chief Executive Officer
took home the coveted “Red Dot” award with “Best of the Best” distinction, an important and internationally-renowned recognition for product design. Delta Faucet was named 2014 WaterSense Manufacturer Partner of the Year by the Environmental Protection Agency for its ongoing commitment to support water efficiency. Our industry-leading brands expanded through new product introductions during the year. In our Decorative Architectural Products segment, Behr Process Corporation continued its
legacy of award-winning innovations with the introduction of
BEHR MARQUEE® Interior Paint & Primer. This exclusive one-coat color collection for everyone, from do-it-yourselfers to professional painters, received the 2014 Merchandising Innovation Award from The Home Depot®—a top honor from one of our partners. This award recognizes revolutionary new products that provide true benefits to consumers and companies that exceed

expectations in sales, service and program execution.
To further unlock Masco’s full potential and enhance shareholder value, we made a number of transformative decisions in 2014. In September, we announced our plan to spin off 100 percent of our Installation and Other Services businesses (“Services Business”) into an independent, publicly-traded company through a tax-free stock distribution to our shareholders. This transaction, expected to be completed in mid-2015, will result in two public companies, each having greater flexibility to pursue its own growth strategy. Plumbing Products
Net sales: $3.3 billion
39% of total net sales
We are a world leader in manufactured plumbing products, with access to broad distribution channels worldwide. Through our premier brands, we offer an array of products including faucets, plumbing fittings and valves, showerheads and hand showers, bathtubs and shower enclosures, toilets and spas.
2
Following the spin-off, we expect Masco to be positioned as
a less cyclical business increasingly focused on the repair and remodel industry, where our product innovation and brand leadership are distinct competitive advantages.
To sharpen our management focus across our enterprise, we committed to adopting a leaner operating model and aligned our corporate structure to our strategy. We believe a center-led, not centralized, model that drives decision making to our business units will increase our effectiveness as an organization.
To drive further value creation for our shareholders, our Board approved the repurchase of an aggregate 50 million shares
of Masco common stock and increased our dividend by
20 percent. These actions provide us with an opportunity to return capital to shareholders in the near term and reflect the Board’s continued confidence in our future performance, our ability to generate long-term cash flow and the strength of
our balance sheet.
While our overall performance this year was strong, our cabinet business faced a number of challenges. We remain steadfast in our efforts to strengthen this business and believe we are taking the necessary actions to position this business for profitability in 2015. With our strong brands and a legacy of industry leadership, we believe we can accelerate our execution and improve results in this segment.
Cabinets and
Related Products
Net sales: $1.0 billion

12% of total net sales
We are one of the largest manufacturers of kitchen and bath cabinetry in the world. This segment includes assembled kitchen and bath cabinets, kitchen countertops, home office workstations, entertainment centers, storage products and kitchen utility products.
3
Other Specialty Products
Net sales: $0.7 billion
8% of total net sales
We are one of the leading manufacturers of vinyl and fiberglass windows, principally
in the western United States.
This segment includes windows, window frame components and patio doors, both in the United States and the United Kingdom. This segment also includes staple gun tackers, staplers and other fastening tools.
The actions we took in 2014 provide the foundation for shareholder value creation. With the spin-off of our Services Business, Masco will be able to pursue a more focused strategy of growth through the innovation and manufacturing of branded building products globally. We will continue to manage our portfolio, identify growth opportunities in our core industries and invest in new products that differentiate us in the marketplace. With the disciplined execution of the Masco Operating System, our methodology to drive growth and productivity, we will drive continuous improvement in business processes and
customer experience.
We believe the new Masco has exciting growth prospects. With new construction and repair and remodel activity strengthening in North America in 2015, we are prepared to take full advantage of an improving economic environment. I am confident that we can deliver on our objectives and create greater value for all of our stakeholders.
Keith Allman
President and Chief Executive Officer
