 Timothy Wadhams
President and CEO
March 2013
To Our Shareholders
We are pleased to report to our shareholders that our performance in 2012 showed strong improvement. Throughout the year, we continued to focus on our strategic initiatives to drive and deliver improved performance. Fueled by the successful execution of our strategic initiatives—leveraging our brands, aggressively managing our cost structure, improving our Cabinet and Installation businesses and strengthening our balance sheet—we experienced sales and margin growth, which helped position us to take advantage of the recent upturn in the North American housing cycle.
Our net sales for 2012 increased 4 percent to $7.7 billion, compared
to 2011, with 78 percent of our sales within North America. Contributing to our strong performance in 2012 was our ability to successfully leverage a number of our well-known brands to expand our market leadership positions. Through new product launches and the introduction of new finishes and complementary accessories, we extended a
number of our popular brands to key retail partners.
Delta Faucet Company leveraged its Delta® brand, recognized for its thoughtful innovation and design, by expanding its product portfolio to include a new toilet collection. These high performance, water-efficient, cost-effective toilet models with SmartFitTM innovations ease the instal- lation process and reduce the potential of leaks. Like all Delta products, Delta toilets deliver on the brand’s commitment to relevant innovation, helping address the needs of both the do-it-yourself consumer and
the professional.
To further address the needs of the consumer, Behr successfully introduced two improved lines of interior paint in 2012. We believe the improvements of Behr Premium Plus Ultra® and Behr Premium Plus® paints provide Behr with significant opportunities for future growth.
Behr Premium Plus Ultra® Paint & Primer in One has been reformulated with an advanced stain-blocking formula to help homeowners successfully take on many of their paint projects around the house. Behr’s flagship line, Behr Premium Plus® paint, was also improved in 2012. The new interior paint formula is a self-priming and zero volatile organic compound (VOC) paint that seals uncoated or previously
Our performance in 2012 was solid.
<#>

                                    painted surfaces without the need for
a separate primer, reducing time and labor. Also launched by Behr in 2012 was a new line of low VOC colorants for use across all product lines.
In addition to leveraging our brands through product adjacencies, we are building our brand equity through the geographic expansion of several of our businesses. Hansgrohe continues to expand its interna- tional presence and now delivers products to more than 130 countries. Hansgrohe’s international growth was a key contributor to its record sales in 2012. Behr also took steps toward international growth in 2012 by developing a portfolio of products distinctly tailored to Mexico. By the end of March 2013, Behr products will be available in 90 of The Home Depot stores in Mexico.
Delta Faucet Company expanded into the fast-growing bathroom and faucet sector
in India through its launch of residential and commercial product lines. We believe there
is significant potential in India with growing demand for high-end products with aesthetic features. We now offer Delta products recognized for their industry-changing innovations, such as Touch2O®, H2OkineticTM and DIAMONDTM Seal technologies. Selec- tive offerings from the Brizo® brand, includ- ing products from the Jason Wu for BrizoTM collection, which won the Design Wall 2012 award for innovation and design within the faucet category, will also be available in India.
Through regional expansion, our Milgard Manufacturing business strengthened its presence in the western United States with offerings that include wood, aluminum, vinyl and fiberglass windows and patio doors. Milgard celebrated 50 years in business
in 2012 and continues to introduce new
and innovative products for builders, dealers and homeowners. Milgard Manufacturing was recently recognized for its commitment to innovation with an International Design Excellence Award from the Industrial Designers Society of America (IDSA) for its SmartTouch® patio door handle. A simple one-touch motion unlocks, opens and closes the door, making it accessible and usable
for all ages.
Improving the profitability of our Cabinet
and Installation businesses was a critical initiative for Masco in 2012. During the year, we made considerable progress in both segments, driven by benefits realized from prior year restructuring activities as well as profit improvements we made during the year. We are pleased to report that during the fourth quarter of 2012, we were able to return our Installation segment to profitability for the first time since 2008. We continue to gain momentum in this segment and believe it is well positioned for growth across all channels, including new home construction, commercial and retrofit.
In our Cabinet segment, our new manage- ment team at our North American Cabinet business continued to evaluate its business processes and manufacturing strategies and was able to significantly reduce its operating losses during 2012. Our progress in this area was hindered by weakness in international cabinet sales due to ongoing uncertainty of European macroeconomic conditions. In February 2013, we determined that our Danish ready-to-assemble cabinet business is not core to our long-term growth strategy and, accordingly, we have commenced a plan of disposition for this business.
                            In 2013, we will continue to focus on our strate
                                          2
                                                      g

                                                                                    Our commitment to further strengthen
our lean culture across all our businesses resulted in our exceeding our 2012 total
cost productivity targets. Our operating profit improvement reflects the significant progress we have made in reducing our cost structure, streamlining our sourcing and accelerating our supply chain savings.
Enhancing our balance sheet and our liquidity was also a focus in 2012. During the course of the year, we were able to strengthen our balance sheet and reduce our debt by
$400 million. Through our continued strong working capital execution, we ended 2012 with approximately $1.4 billion of cash and delivered working capital as a percent of sales of 12.1 percent.
Looking forward, we believe that housing dynamics will continue to improve in North America and that new home construction will continue to grow in 2013. We anticipate that demographics, affordability, slowing foreclosures, home price appreciation and low inventory levels will be the basis for
a multi-year sustainable recovery in new home construction. We expect new home construction to show strong growth in 2013, and anticipate repair and remodel to grow modestly, with big-ticket items continuing to lag behind the overall market.
We enter the new year focused on success- fully executing our new product programs, reducing costs, improving profitability in Cabinets, and further expanding our brand leadership positions. We believe the actions we have taken over the past several years, including investing in our brands, reducing our cost structure and paying down debt, have strengthened our business. We believe
these actions have positively positioned us to take advantage of the upturn in the housing cycle.
We believe that our strategies are sound, that we provide the broadest offering of quality leadership products available in our industries and that our employees around the world are focused on execution and committed to enhancing shareholder value.
Timothy Wadhams
President and Chief Executive Officer
                              gic initiatives to deliver improved performance.
                                                  3
