 To Our Shareholders
In 2011, we took considerable steps to position Masco for a profitable future. We made substantial progress toward many of our goals and imple- mented strategic initiatives to ensure future growth, even in this challeng- ing environment. Most importantly, we strengthened our connection with the consumer. By driving our well-known leading brands, we are gaining or maintaining share in most of our major product categories. We have successfully leveraged our key brands by introducing products to expand our market leadership, such as extending our popular Peerless¨ and Delta¨ brands to additional product categories, including tubs, shower surrounds, bathing systems and bath hardware.
We also continued to take aggressive action in managing our cost structure and improving productivity. By driving sustainable lean principles throughout the organization, from the factory floor to the business office, we have reduced waste and increased efficien- cies. And while we are still challenged by commodity cost pressures and
volatility, in 2011 we suc- cessfully offset hundreds
of millions of dollars in increased commodity costs through supply chain savings and pricing actions. Even with our efforts to reduce costs and increase revenue, we did not improve performance as quickly as anticipated.
During 2011, we marked the comple- tion of several major rationalization activities including business consoli- dations, plant closures, headcount reductions, system implementations and other initiatives. The major re- structuring of our North American Cabinet and Installation businesses is behind us. Since 2006, we have closed or idled nine of our cabinet plants, consolidated over 125 of
our installation branches and began major initiatives to reduce costs
and increase revenue. And, while we incurred costs and charges related to these activities during 2011 and 2010, we believe we have better positioned these businesses for the current environment and have improved our operating leverage to outperform as the housing market recovers.
Looking forward, our goal is to drive long-term profitable growth in each of our product categories by investing in
March 2012
  By driving our well-known leading brands, we are gaining or maintaining share in most
of our major product categories.
Richard A. Manoogian
Chairman of the Board 1
Timothy Wadhams President and CEO
  
 By embracing social media, we are staying
connected to the consumer,constantly building their recognition, knowledge and engagement with our brands.
 innovation and programs that inspire brand loyalty and, we believe, will result in increased sales. In our Plumb- ing segment, we are leveraging our brand equity to expand internationally and through product adjacencies. In our Decorative Architectural Prod- ucts category, we are executing on growth opportunities by enhancing our core products, further developing our program for painting professionals and exploring international expansion. Throughout all of our product catego- ries, we are embracing social media
to stay connected to the consumer, constantly building their recognition, knowledge and engagement with our brands by enhancing their experience with our products and services and simplifying their purchase process.
We head into 2012 with cautious optimism. Late in 2011, we began
to experience improved operational trends and we are off to a solid start in 2012 with an upward sales trend in both January and February. The eco- nomic environment in North America now appears to be more resilient and improving trends in both consumer confidence and remodeler sentiment bode well for improvement as the year progresses. Existing home sales are also showing a consistent, al- though slow, upward trend.However, we remain concerned about general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and Europe.
We are focused on achieving our 2012 strategic initiatives, which include leveraging our brands, reducing our costs, improving our Installation and Cabinet businesses and strengthen- ing our balance sheet. And, the Masco Business System Ð our framework
to consistently develop and execute strategies to win Ð continues to build, strengthen and improve our planning process and core capabilities. Combin- ing these initiatives with our market- leading brands, broad distribution, strong financial position and new product introductions, we believe we are positioned for improved results
in 2012.
We take this opportunity to thank our employees for continuing to connect with the consumer, share best practices and deliver new prod- ucts that consumers want and value. Masco employees, our greatest global asset, are working hard to increase our competitiveness and create long-term growth.
Richard A. Manoogian Chairman of the Board
Timothy Wadhams
President and Chief Executive Officer
   2
