                                        2 0
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
A New Focus for the Company
AS WE CELEBRATE MASCO’S 75TH ANNIVERSARY, WE ARE AT AN EXCITING TIME IN OUR COMPANY’S HISTORY FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS.
For the six years from 1997 through 2002, Masco invested over $10 billion in acquisitions,* capital expenditures and new product development to build the “critical mass” that we thought was important, given the business and macro- economic conditions that we believed would impact our businesses (e.g., increased consolidation among our customer base, including home centers and home builders; and the increasing globalization of our markets).
 RICHARD A. MANOOGIAN
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
ALAN H. BARRY
President and
Chief Operating Officer
 * Includes poolings of interests.
MASCO CORPORATION 4 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        MARCH2004 03
This major investment resulted in our In the spring of 2003, we made a major Company more than doubling its sales decision to refocus our strategies to bet-
from less than $4 billion to over $10 billion and earned Masco the dis- tinction of being one of the most important suppliers serving the home improvement and building products markets.
During this expansion period, we moved profitably into new leadership positions such as architectural coatings, windows, installation services and other markets.
On the other hand, during these years we did not create adequate shareholder value, we increased debt as a percentage of total capitalization and we experi- enced a decline in return on invested capital (ROIC).
ter utilize our assets in ways that we believe should create more shareholder value.
These strategies will result in a greater focus on internal growth, and corre- spondingly fewer acquisitions, with increased emphasis on cash flow, share buybacks and improving return on invested capital.
This new focus contributed to our Company achieving record sales and earnings in 2003.
 NET SALES & OPERATING PROFIT
 Year
2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 5-Year
Growth Rate
Dollars in Millions
Net Sales
$10,936 9,149 8,015 6,839 5,931 4,941
17%
Operating Profit
$1,424 1,301 1,042 939 867 822
12%
   Amounts have been restated to exclude the operations of businesses sold in 2003 and for the 1999 poolings of interests.
MASCO CORPORATION 5 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        2 0
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  Delta
Merillat
MASCO CORPORATION 6 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        STRATEGIC DIRECTION FOR THE FUTURE
The strategic goals that we have embraced through Masco’s current strategic planning process are designed to help ensure that Masco will be a pre- ferred provider of products and servic- es within our chosen markets, and that our Company will be an invaluable partner and integral to the business of our customers in our key product and services markets.
ASSESSING MASCO’S RECENT ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND CHALLENGES
During the past decade, change has been occurring within the home improvement and new construction markets, producing both significant challenges and opportunities:
• Customer consolidation of large retail- ers, home centers and home builders accelerated, enhancing their buying power;
• Foreign competition became a major competitive threat as foreign producers found it easier to penetrate the U.S. market by selling to a few large cus- tomers, while larger customers found it easier to source directly from foreign countries;
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 03
• New home construction and home reno- vation remained strong, even within a wavering U.S. economy; and
• Americans, more than ever, chose to invest in their homes.
To address both the challenges and opportunities in this dynamic environ- ment, we invested significantly to build the critical mass that we thought was necessary to strategically position the Company for future success. While acquisitions contributed to our growth in sales, product development, markets and distribution channels, increasing our importance to our customers, we have experienced a decline in return on invested capital due, in large part, to that significant investment.
During this time, Masco’s growth also added organizational and financial complexity to our Company. In addi- tion, we maintained our historic, decen- tralized operating model, thus not max- imizing opportunities for synergies among business units as we grew larger. We are now focused on leveraging that critical mass to drive greater sharehold- er value.
DURING THE PAST DECADE, CHANGE HAS BEEN OCCURRING WITHIN THE
HOME IMPROVEMENT AND NEW CONSTRUCTION MARKETS, PRODUCING BOTH
SIGNIFICANT CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES.
MASCO CORPORATION 7 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        20
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
MASCO’S STRATEGIC EVOLUTION
In order for Masco to address the chal- lenges that we face and continue to grow successfully, our strategies have evolved in a number of important areas.
We are shifting our focus from many to fewer operating companies, from com- plexity to simplicity, from acquisition growth to more active management of our business unit portfolio to drive greater organic growth, from division autonomy to synergy, and we have focused more on improving ROIC by increasing absolute profits with less emphasis on profit margins.
Because of this assessment and as part of our strategic evolution, we have reor- ganized our businesses into five prod- uct and services platforms:
• Cabinets;
• PlumbingProducts;
• Coatings (included in Decorative Architectural Products);
• Windows (included in Other Specialty Products); and
• InstallationServices.
As a result, we have already seen signif- icant improvements within each of these platforms.
Cabinets, for example, is now organized into two domestic sub-groups: retail and builder, each under the direction of a group vice president. Through this and other consolidation efforts, we have lever- aged our strengths, simplified manufac- turing, reduced costs, and improved qual- ity and efficiency throughout our cabinet businesses.
In Plumbing Products, creating one cohesive domestic platform has enabled the Company to reduce costs, improve working capital management and enhance product development oppor- tunities. A recently launched and already popular line of faucet products is one example of our innovative new plumbing products.
 MASCO’S STRATEGIC AGENDA
Strategic Evolution
From TO
 Many Operating Companies
    FEWER OPERATING COMPANIES
  Complexity
    SIMPLICITY
  Acquisition Growth
    ORGANIC GROWTH
  Division Autonomy
    SYNERGY/COOPERATIVE ACTIVITIES
  Focus on Profit Margins
    FOCUS ON ROIC
 Build Greater Shareholder Value
 MASCO CORPORATION
8 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        2 0 0 3 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 03 Masco Contractor Services
  Milgard
MASCO CORPORATION 9 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        20
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
In Coatings, we have literally reinvented the paint-buying process through the introduction of the in-store Color Solutions CentersTM, and we are now one of North America’s largest architec- tural coatings companies.
In Windows, we continue to achieve sig- nificant growth through geographic expansion and new products, including an exciting new fiberglass patio door program.
The Installation Services businesses have increased sales and profits through consolidating locations, improving supply-chain efficiency, expanding non-insulation product installed sales and building on our part- nerships with large builders to increase their total purchases of Masco products and services. Masco’s services workforce is now helping to build more than half of all new homes being constructed in the U.S.
MASCO’S STRATEGIC AGENDA
In addition to reorganizing our Company around the five product and services platforms, we are increasing our focus on:
• Managingourbusinessportfoliooflead- ership companies to improve overall prof- itability and return on invested capital;
• Enhancingourinternalgrowthrate;
• Reducing our rate of sales growth from acquisitions;
• Maximizing opportunities for potential synergies among our business units;
• Continuing to provide leadership devel- opment programs for high-potential people throughout the organization; and
• Anticipatingandrespondingtostrategic challenges affecting Masco’s future growth.
Portfolio Management: We are manag- ing our business portfolio of leadership
 LEADERSHIP PRODUCTS & SERVICES*
Dollars in Millions
 2003 Percent Sales of Total
 Cabinets and Related Products Installation and Other Services Plumbing Products
Decorative Architectural Products Other Specialty Products
$ 2,884 26% 2,411 22% 2,140 20% 1,422 13% 1,028 9%
 Leadership Sales $ 9,885 90% Other Sales 1,051 10%
 Total Sales $10,936 100%
  * We estimate that approximately 90 percent of our sales are from products and services that represent leadership positions in their market segments.
MASCO CORPORATION 10 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        2 0 0 3 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 03 Alsons, Ginger, Mirolin
  Alsons
MASCO CORPORATION 11 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        20
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
companies to improve overall profitabil- ity and return on invested capital by:
• Retainingthosecompaniesthatcom- plement our business strategy; and
• Consolidating existing companies where appropriate.
In 2003, the Company divested three divisions: Baldwin Hardware, Marvel and Weiser Lock. These companies had combined 2003 annualized net sales of approximately $250 million. In addi- tion, Masco divested its 42 percent equity interest in Emco Limited.
In early 2004, we announced the planned divestiture of several European divisions with 2003 net sales in excess of $350 million. We have also identified five of our operating companies for con- solidation with other Masco business units and, as a direct result, we anticipate considerable annual cost savings.
Internal Growth: We are increasing our focus on strengthening our rate of organic (internal) growth, including the following areas:
• New product development;
• Product line extensions;
• New models or finishes;
• Aggressive marketing and merchan- dising programs; and
• Customer incentive programs to strengthen our partnerships with val- ued builder and retailer customers.
Two examples of existing programs that offer our customers improved efficien- cy, better service and cost savings are our Key Retailer and Builder Alliance programs.
In 2003, the Key Retailer Program, which offers customized programs that align with the diverse goals of this cus- tomer group, helped us achieve record Key Retailer sales of $3.4 billion, com- pared with $3.1 billion in 2002.
The Masco Builder Alliance Program has helped us achieve sales of Masco products and services approximating $3,000, on average, for each new single- family home built in the U.S. In 2003, under this Program we launched agree- ments with a number of key national builders to make us their primary installer of insulation and selected other building products.
External Growth: Our acquisition pro- gram has been refocused to target those companies that:
• Meet our criteria for return on assets with operating margins of at least 15 percent of sales; and
• Have dynamic growth potential; and/or
• Havethepotentialforsignificantsyn- ergies with our existing companies; or
• Are “bolt-on” acquisitions for one of our existing companies.
MASCO CORPORATION
12 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 03 installation services and windows
platforms; and
• Enhancing the exchange of best practices.
Examples of leveraging initiatives already underway include:
• Moving the manufacturing of our Premier® assembled cabinetry line from Mill’s Pride to KraftMaid to take advantage of manufacturing efficiencies;
• Significantlyincreasinginter-company sourcing within Masco; and
• OpeninganewMascointer-company sourcing and distribution center in China that draws on and coordinates the expertise and capabilities of all Masco companies in China.
Leadership Development: To effectively execute Masco’s strategies going for- ward, we are developing future genera- tions of leaders by continuing to recruit, train, motivate and retain high-potential candidates to manage the Company.
Programs designed to enhance leader- ship development include an in-house M.B.A. Program conducted for the Company by an accredited university exclusively for Masco candidates. Other internal leadership development pro- grams are also tailored to meet specific Company objectives. To date, 165 people have graduated from these programs and 96 employees are currently enrolled.
  ’94 ’95 ’96 ’97 ’98 ’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03
Key Retailer Sales In Millions
  $1,000 $2,000 $3,000
          Historically, our goal has been to grow sales at an average annual rate of five to 10 percent through acquisitions. Generally, in recent years our average has been at the upper end of that range. Going forward, we expect that our refo- cused strategy will result in acquisitions at a slower rate with a more positive impact on our financial performance, par- ticularly on our return on invested capital.
Leveraging Synergies: Masco’s operat- ing model brings a renewed focus to leveraging efficiencies and other syner- gies across business units by:
• Reducing costs through overhead consolidation, inter-company sourc- ing and shared manufacturing technologies;
• Forming worldwide steering commit- tees to leverage the size and capa- bilities of our cabinet, plumbing,
MASCO CORPORATION
13 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        2 0
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Liberty
We have also more closely aligned the compensation of Masco executives with Company performance. Approximately two-thirds of the potential annual earned compensation for our senior executives is performance-based and reflects Masco’s increased focus on return on invested capital and growth in earnings per common share.
Strategic Initiatives: Masco’s future sales and profitability growth will be enhanced by anticipating, identifying and addressing strategic opportunities, such as:
• Taking advantage of extraordinary opportunities in China: While many of our businesses are not subject to import competition, we are posi- tioned to capitalize on opportunities in China for both sourcing from and selling products within China. With over 1,000 Masco employees and 645,000 square feet of manufacturing and distribution space in China as
well as business relationships with literally dozens of Chinese compa- nies, we have an established base of operations from which to expand.
• Growing profitability with large retailers: As our major retailer cus- tomers evolve to meet ever-higher consumer expectations, we must respond with the products and serv- ices that meet their needs.
• Using Masco Contractor Services as an added driver for organic growth: Today, this services segment is com- posed of more than 330 branch offices, over 50 distribution centers, approximately 9,000 service vehicles and over 15,000 Masco employees, giving the Company a unique com- petitive advantage. We are leveraging that capability to sell and install a broader array of products, including Masco-manufactured products, thereby increasing our importance to our large builder customers.
If we are successful in executing the strategies outlined in this Letter, we believe that we will continue to achieve above-average sales and earn- ings growth and improve our return on invested capital from approximately 11 percent in 2003 to our goal of 15 percent by 2008, thereby creating significant value for our shareholders.
MASCO CORPORATION
14 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        2 0 0 3 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 03 Behr
  Masco Contractor Services, Milgard
MASCO CORPORATION 15 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        2 0
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  The Moores Group
Delta, KraftMaid
MASCO CORPORATION 16 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        2 0 0 3 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 03 Corporate Governance
During 2003, we also took steps to enhance our corporate governance, including:
• Adding two new independent direc- tors, increasing the number of independent directors from five to seven. All members of the Audit Committee, Organization and Com- pensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Com- mittee are independent;
• Adding share ownership guidelines for directors to those already in effect for officers;
• Adopting New York Stock Exchange governance standards for committee charters, board guidelines and codes of conduct and business ethics well in advance of the required date for adoption of such standards; and
• Installing a toll-free employee ethics hotline and complementing our existing legal compliance training for our employees with the introduction of a comprehensive Internet-based ethical and legal compliance training program.
 MASCO CORPORATION 17
2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        20 Financial Highlights for 2003
Net sales from continuing operations, aided by acquisitions, were a record $10.9 billion in 2003, a 20 percent increase over the $9.1 billion that we achieved in 2002. Excluding acquisi- tions and divestitures, net sales increased nine percent over the prior year.
Net sales from our North American operations, accounting for approxi- mately 80 percent of the Company’s sales, increased 14 percent to $8.8 bil- lion in 2003 from $7.7 billion in 2002.
Aided by acquisitions, net sales from International operations, principally in Europe and benefiting from strong European currencies, increased 49 per- cent to $2.2 billion in 2003 from $1.5 billion in 2002.
Operating profit margins were 13.0 per- cent in 2003, compared with 14.2 per- cent in 2002. Margins in 2003 include the effect of increased energy, insurance and pension costs; higher promotion and display expense to gain additional market share; the impact of foreign cur- rency changes; and product mix.
Income from continuing operations for the year was $740 million or $1.51 per common share. This includes the recog- nition of a non-cash, pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of $142 million ($118 million or $.24 per common share, after-tax), the majority of which relates to European businesses that the Company plans to divest. Excluding the impact of the goodwill impairment charge, income from continuing opera- tions was $1.75 per common share.
CASH FLOW AND LIQUIDITY
Cash Flow
In 2003, the Company achieved record free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and before cash dividends) of $1,150 million, com- pared with $940 million in 2002.
This free cash flow included the benefit of a reduction in working capital (defined as accounts receivable and inventories less accounts payable). Working capital at year-end 2003 was reduced to 18.1 percent of sales, com- pared with 21.9 percent at year-end 2002.
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
MASCO CORPORATION
18 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        Capital Expenditures
Capital expenditures for the year were $271 million, compared with $285 mil- lion for 2002. Depreciation and amorti- zation for 2003 was $244 million, compared with $220 million for 2002.
Liquidity
The Company ended 2003 in a strong financial position with cash and mar- ketable securities in excess of $1.3 bil- lion, even after retiring approximately $430 million of our outstanding debt and using approximately $780 million to repurchase common shares. Masco also has unused bank credit lines of $2 billion.
At year-end, the Company’s total debt as a percent of total capitalization improved to 43 percent, compared with 47 percent at the end of 2002.
SHARE REPURCHASES
The Company repurchased and retired approximately 35 million common shares in 2003. During the first two months of 2004, an additional 10 mil- lion common shares have been repur- chased by the Company. There were approximately 478 million diluted com- mon shares at the beginning of 2004.
2 0 0 3 LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS 03 Delta, KraftMaid
DIVIDEND INCREASE
The quarterly cash dividend was increased 14 percent to $.16 from $.14 per common share, making 2003 the 45th consecutive year in which divi- dends have been increased. This increase, which was larger than in recent years, reflects our favorable long- term outlook, strong balance sheet and cash flow as well as recent U.S. tax law changes, which reduced the divi- dend tax rate for individuals.
 MASCO CORPORATION
19 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

                                        2 0
2003 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Outlook
 We are excited and energized by our new strategic focus and believe that it will have a dramatic effect on our future performance. Going forward, our more balanced growth strategy and increased emphasis on organic growth, cash flow and return on invested capital should result in increased returns for our shareholders.
We take great pride in our heritage and our 75-year history, but our focus is on the future. We are committed to achiev- ing our objectives, and we believe that our refocused strategic direction pro- vides us with unique competitive advantages. More importantly, we are creating a strategic framework that will facilitate the refinement of our strategies to enhance our competi- tiveness as we face the challenges of tomorrow.
The changes that we have made are having a favorable impact on Company performance in early 2004. During the first few months of the year, we experi- enced strong growth in our businesses and, if present business trends continue,
Aqua Glass, Delta, Ginger
we believe that we will again achieve record sales and earnings from contin- uing operations for the full-year 2004.
We are also very proud of and grateful to our employees whose proven com- mitment, capabilities and initiative con- tinue to play a tremendous role in Masco’s success.
Richard A. Manoogian
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Alan H. Barry
President and Chief Operating Officer
  MASCO CORPORATION
20 2003 ANNUAL REPORT
