To Our Shareholders
 March 2009
Amidst the economic turmoil of the past year, we continued to focus on the fundamentals of our business, building on our strengths for the future. The environment during the past two years has been one of the most challenging of
our more than 75-year history. We have seen the financial markets in turmoil, consumer confidence decline and hous- ing starts almost come to a halt. Both businesses and in- dividuals have been hard hit.
This past year, housing starts declined over 30 percent from 2007 and have declined over 50 percent from peak levels in 2005 to a level not seen in the last four decades. In addition, consumer confidence dropped
while unemployment rose. As a result of these macroeconomic developments, we have had to strategically redirect the business models for certain of our busi- nesses and manage our business differently than in previous years. Since late 2006, we have closed 17 manufacturing facilities, reduced company-wide headcount by over 23,000 employees (representing 40 percent of our North American workforce) and reduced our instal- lation branches by over 80 loca- tions. And, in early 2009, after 50 consecutive years of increased dividends, we recommended to the Board of Directors that the quarterly dividend be reduced from $.235 per common share to $.075 per common share to ensure
our ability to fund our business op- erations and growth opportunities that may arise. Across our entire business, we made and continue
to make the necessary adjust- ments to address a tough market environment.
Typically, in the past, when residential building slowed, re- modeling of existing homes would increase. During 2008, that was not the case as remodeling activity also declined significantly which, together with the major downturn in new home construction, resulted in a sales decline for Masco of 17 percent.
In a challenging sales en- vironment, strong companies look for opportunities to gain strategic advantages and drive long-term
richard a. manoogian Executive Chairman timothy Wadhams President and Chief Executive Officer at the 2009 International Builders’ Show
2008 Annual Report | 1
 
 growth. And, that is exactly what we did in 2008 and expect to do in 2009. We maintained a strong bal- ance sheet to ensure our ability to fund our business operations. We continued to strengthen our rela- tionships with our suppliers and our customers. And, we contin- ued to build on the foundation of our leading brand names that are well-known and highly regarded in their respective markets.
A Time for innovation For Masco, 2008 was not
only a time to manage effectively in an economic downturn, but a time for increased innovation. For us, innovation is not limited to new products but encompasses changes in processes and manu- facturing and different ways to bring our products to market.
We are pleased to share with you some of the innovations that we successfully launched during the past two years. These innovations will enhance the way people live, work and play.
• Masco built its first major Delta® faucet plant 50 years ago. Today, we are still building on the qual- ity and strength of our flagship Delta brand as we continue to introduce innovations that ad- vance the industry. Delta Faucet Company recently unveiled its DiamondTM Seal Technology, an exclusive water delivery system that ensures that once inside the
faucet, water is not in contact with potential metal contami- nants, keeping water as pure as when it entered the faucet. This groundbreaking engineering also uniquely harnesses the durabil- ity of one of the hardest sub- stances in existence and, when combined with our one-piece InnoFlex® waterway system, cre- ates a leak-free valve that lasts up to 10 times longer than the industry standard.
• Energy efficiency, green build- ing and environmental aware- ness continue to be important
to consumers. We are commit- ted to helping environmentally conscious consumers identify simple ways to incorporate sus- tainability into their everyday lives. Masco is leading the way in helping builders construct homes that offer energy efficien- cy, indoor environmental quality, water conservation and durabil- ity benefits. At the International Builders’ Show (IBS), Masco’s Environments For Living
SM
Certified Green home was
featured in the 2009 Professional Builder Show Village. Our model home demonstrated a compre- hensive green building solution, provided a learning experi-
ence for builders and displayed Masco’s growing array of green building products. Our signifi- cant presence at IBS resulted
in substantial foot traffic and also allowed us to showcase our extensive product offerings.
• Behr continues to build on its brand strength and recently introduced Behr Premium Plus Ultra® interior paint, a paint and primer in one with NanoGuard® technology for a superior paint coating and improved protection against damage from sunlight, moisture, stains and dirt. Behr Premium Plus Ultra interior paint is available in the existing Behr colors and in an additional 380 colors. Distribution of this new product should be complet- ed by late this summer.
• Hansgrohe continues to intro- duce exceptional collections
of innovative bathroom design solutions by joining forces with internationally recognized de- signers and architects. In 2008, Hansgrohe’s Axor® Citterio MTM bathroom collection received an International award for out- standing design. With over 150 design awards and its ability
to combine technological and aesthetic innovations, Hansgrohe is a pioneering force within the industry.
• One of our most exciting in- novations is VerveTM Living Systems, a revolutionary light- ing control system principally for new homes that combines

radio frequency and energy- harvesting technologies to offer wireless lighting control. Verve Living Systems is certified by Underwriters Laboratories (UL), the trusted global certifier for tested products that meet strin- gent public safety requirements.
With this new system, homeowners can adjust the lighting throughout their home with the click of a switch and, because the switches are mov- able, homeowners can easily change switch locations. These features provide numerous life- style and energy-saving benefits. In addition, the Verve system reduces the construction cost
of a new home by eliminating
the need for wiring between light fixtures and light switches. We are currently working on additional applications for this groundbreaking technology that lower energy consumption and improve the at-home experience.
Across all of our business units, our leading brands are
recognized for providing consum- ers with innovative solutions. Milgard’s SmartTouchTM lock, engineered to provide homeown- ers with a simple, one-touch operation to close and lock the window, has been honored with the Arthritis Foundation Ease- of-Use Commendation. And, to address the needs of online shop- pers, several of our divisions have
introduced dynamic, enhanced Web sites. Merillat’s award-winning Web site provides state-of-the-
art features that aid consumers
in finding the right cabinet style based on their lifestyle and design preferences. Behr’s updated Web site includes a virtual color center, a revolutionary interactive tool that enables customers to find and select colors and order samples shipped directly to their home.
Looking ForWarD Our fundamentals and
strategies are sound and we are confident that we will be ready to capitalize on opportunities when the economy improves and the new home construction and home improvement markets rebound. We believe the long-term funda- mentals for our markets are posi- tive. Demographics support strong and sustainable long-term demand for home ownership. More than 70 percent of the single-family homes in the U.S. are more than 25 years old. Kitchens will continue to be remodeled, rooms painted and baths updated. Consumers will demand innovative and energy- efficient products—and we are ready to deliver. Our current strategic focus on new initiatives and innovation should position us to increase our sales and improve customer satisfaction.
Throughout the organiza- tion, our highly committed and tal- ented employees will continue to make our cost structure more lean and to focus on cash generation
to manage through these difficult times. We will also continue to in- vest in innovation and process and quality improvements to enhance our customers’ experience which, we believe, will position us to take advantage of the recovery in our markets and drive long-term value for our shareholders.
Richard A. Manoogian
Executive Chairman
Timothy Wadhams
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  2008 Annual Report | 3
 