Quality
Customer Focus
Lean Innovation Talent Masco
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS During 2010, we continued our focus on driving the implementa- tion of the Masco Business System, aggressively managing our cost structure and providing innova- tive product solutions to our customers. With the discipline of the Masco Business System and the breadth of our product and service portfolio, we were able to maintain our competitive advantage. We believe Masco’s scale and position with its customers remains unparalleled in the industry.
The pace of the economic recovery in 2010 was disappointing. We entered the year with good momentum and our sales in the first half were up two percent. As the year progressed, the expiration of the home buyer tax credit, increasing commod- ity costs and the competitive environment made the second half of 2010 much more challenging. Throughout this economic cycle, we have been reducing expenses to attempt to limit the impact on profitability as sales slowed.
Even though multiple external pressures weighed on our financial results, we continued to deliver innovative products. From the introductions of the ACE® salt water sanitizing system for Hot Spring® spas to the Arrow Fastener R.E.D.TM line of profes- sional tools to Delta Faucet’s ProximityTM Sensing Technology, we were able to bring to market game- changing products. In addition, we introduced digital applications that enhance the overall shop- ping experience and make it easier for consumers to choose our products.
Looking forward, we will continue to invest in our businesses and implement lean principles and quality initiatives throughout the organization.
We will also continue to pursue geographic ex- pansion and opportunities for growth in emerging markets. Understanding today’s consumers and providing them with value-added solutions and quality products and services will always be instru- mental to our success. Recognizing that important shifts are occurring in how consumers research and buy products, we are enhancing the consumer experience through e-business solutions.
A priority for 2011 is to improve the operating per- formance in our cabinet and installation businesses. In addition to reducing our fixed costs in our in- stallation businesses, we have implemented new systems that will create a competitive advantage
in scheduling and order processing. In early 2011, Masco Contractor Services (MCS) entered into a strategic partnership with Owens Corning that will enable MCS to create a more efficient supply chain, increase services to builders and homeowners and represents significant opportunities for growth. In our cabinet segment, we made a decision early in 2010 to combine the Masco Retail Cabinet Group and the Masco Builder Cabinet Group to form a new organization, Masco Cabinetry. We expect this integration to generate significant value for our cus- tomers, drive fixed-cost reductions and ultimately result in market share gains as we emphasize our leadership brands.
4 Masco Corporation

Customer Focus Lean Innovation Quality Talent
In 2011, we believe we will see modest economic recovery in the markets we serve. We expect
our performance to continue to improve as the economy undergoes a steady, though slow, recov- ery. Although the economy seems to be resilient, it is not yet robust. We anticipate that expenditures on repair and remodel activity will be challenged in the near-term, and that big-ticket items (e.g., kitchen cabinets) will continue to be deferred until general economic conditions, unemployment, consumer confidence, credit availability and home prices improve.
Longer term, there are a number of factors that, we believe, when taken together, suggest a very healthy future for our industry. Demographics
will play a key role in the demand for housing as generation Y, the largest population cohort in u.S. history, is just starting to reach first-time home- buyer status and will encounter a limited inventory of new homes. In addition, up to 300,000 housing units every year are removed from the housing stock, creating replacement demand just to meet the needs of existing households.
We believe key indicators also support future growth in the repair and remodel segment. Due
to deferred maintenance and pent-up demand, a growing number of properties are in need of reha- bilitation or upgrades. Lower mobility in the wake of the housing downturn means that homeowners will stay in their current homes and increasingly focus on existing home improvements. Rising environmental awareness is creating demands for
mARCH 2011
water and energy efficient products. And, as life expectancies increase and the aging population desires to age in place, remodeling will be neces- sary to accommodate their life stage needs. our innovation pipeline reflects these and other trends as we focus on future customer needs.
We are confident that the long-term fundamentals for new home construction and home improvement continue to be positive. We believe that the imple- mentation of the masco Business System and our strong financial position, together with our exten- sive brand portfolio, will create shareholder value. on behalf of masco employees around the world, you have our commitment that we will remain focused on our strategic intent to create innovative building products that inspire brand loyalty.
Richard A. manoogian Timothy Wadhams
    Chairman of the Board
President and
Chief Executive officer
2010 Annual Report
5
