This Issue
To our shareholders March 2010
Customer FoCus - Lean - InnovatIon - QuaLIty - taLent. These are the five core capabilities of the Masco Business System (MBS) – our framework to consistently develop and execute strategies to win. Formalized in 2009, the MBS builds, strengthens and improves these core capabilities throughout all of our business units by assuring the standardization and consistency of how we manage, measure and report our business.
Focusing on the components of the MBS, we were able to maintain our momentum throughout a very tough economic year. We started 2009 at the International Builders’ Show, featuring our Environments For Living Cer- tified Green SM show home, a striking, visual reminder of our leadership in building science, the leading brands in our portfolio and the innovation of our business units. During the year, we launched a new business, intro- duced a variety of exciting products, remained focused on research and development and contributed both time and financial support to our local communities.
Keeping the momentum going took hard work. Over the last three years, our markets have been hit hard by the worldwide recession and our sales have dropped almost 40 percent. In this difficult economic environ- ment, we made a conscious decision to invest in our businesses. As a result, we have gained a more intimate knowledge of our customers and end consumers, invested to re-energize our brands, created a robust pipe- line of innovative products, deployed lean principles into our businesses to drive cost-effective quality solutions for our customers and continued to attract and develop world-class talent.
We are very proud of the Masco Team and these accomplishments, and we were pleased by our 2009 financial and operating performance given the difficult business climate. Although we ended the year with sales down 18 percent compared to 2008, innovative new product introductions, aggressive cost management and market share gains helped us offset a significant portion of our volume-related declines in sales and profits. At year-end, we had over $1.4 billion of cash, a testament to our commitment to emphasize cash generation.
We ended 2009 on a high note. As the year progressed, we continued to exceed our expectations for sales, operating profit and cash flow. Although new home construction and big-ticket remodeling activity continues to be depressed, our other product groups, including paint, plumbing and windows, experienced relatively solid sales growth in 2009. The fourth quarter of 2009 saw increased sales to key retailers and three of our five business segments reported sales increases over the prior year’s fourth quarter. We are encouraged by these positive trends.
We enter 2010 with solid momentum and an energized team determined to create opportunities and grow our businesses. This year, we will continue to deliver a wide range of affordable customer solutions that will not only make homes more comfortable, but also reduce the impact on our environment through energy and water efficiency. As one of the world’s largest manufacturers of brand-name consumer products for the home and family, we have the breadth of products to offer real value for families.
Of course, we have a lot of hard work in front of us. At Masco, our focus is on strengthening our leadership brands and improving our execution. Our strategic intent is straightforward—we want to be recognized as the most innovative building products company in the world. In the following pages you will read about our com- mitment to this strategy through the MBS, examples of our game-changing products and innovative customer solutions for our builder, retail and wholesale partners.
We continue to believe that we can outperform the recovery in our markets and that the long-term fundamentals for our markets are positive. We are excited about Masco’s future opportunities.
Richard A. Manoogian Timothy Wadhams
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
     