     To our shareholders:
  Looking back, 2002 was a very good year. Although we faced many challenges, Mattel remained true to the vision, strategies and values laid out during my first 100 days with the company – to be “The World’s Premier Toy Brands –
Today and Tomorrow.”
Mattel performed well across all financial measures during 2002. Looking to the income statement, sales increased while costs declined and expenses were controlled. As a result, operating income was up 14 percent, excluding non-recurring charges and goodwill amortization. On the balance sheet, accounts receivable and inventory were down, cash was up, debt was reduced and stockholder equity increased. Most importantly, cash flow from operations soared to almost
$1.2 billion, an all-time record at Mattel.
The first quarter of 2002 saw toy industry sales start out strong, driven by clean retail inventory levels and an early Easter.
Cash flow from operations soared
to almost $1.2 billion, an all-time record
at Mattel.
But as the year progressed, U.S. consumers stopped propping up the economy. By the fourth quarter, which contributes about 55 percent of the toy industry’s annual retail sales, we witnessed the worst overall retail environment in many years. Most encouragingly, however, the historical pattern of toy sales doing relatively well during tough times held up yet again in 2002. That, combined with our initiatives to optimize our business, drove our success.
With that said, there were challenges in 2002, including the uncertain retail environ- ment, weakening consumer confidence, disconcerting unemployment figures and unrest at the West Coast ports.
The challenging retail environment took its toll on our customers in 2002. Most retailers reported sales below expecta- tions, and certain retailers announced store closures and reorganization plans. The resulting reorganization and consolidation activity put pressure on Mattel’s sales in 2002. This pressure is expected to persist as the reorganization activities continue in 2003.
Additionally, the competitive environment was intense. Once again, our Girls division faced new entrants in the dolls segment; Infant/Preschool continued to see the incursion of new educational toys; and Boys/Entertainment had stiff competition from entertainment properties, with the release of toys supporting the Spider-ManTM and Star WarsTM movies.
Despite these challenges, we kept our focus and optimized results through sound execution of the four strategic priorities I outlined for you in last year’s letter to shareholders.
1
 
  innovative people and processes
Strengthened core brand momentum in the U.S. and abroad:
Each business unit contributed to our success in 2002, with the Girls, Infant/Preschool and Boys/Entertainment divisions well-represented among the hottest “must-have” toys of the year.
Our brands continued to perform well in international markets during 2002, with double-digit growth on top of the prior year’s equally strong gains. Our European business led the way with robust perfor- mance in all markets and across all business segments. Our Latin American region clearly benefited from the manage- ment changes and business system upgrades mentioned in last year’s letter. Despite the difficult economic and political climate in several countries, the region recorded substantial profit increases and exceptional improvement in cash flow. In the Asian Pacific region, sales and profits grew strongly in the developed markets
of Australia and New Zealand.
We also continued our strategic partner- ship with Bandai, Japan’s leading toy marketer, and launched our product lines in South Korea. Finally, our Canadian team delivered another solid year.
In 2003, to accelerate our global brand expansion and provide more focus on in-market execution, we have named a new executive vice president of International.
Executed the financial realignment plan and delivered cost savings:
As part of the financial realignment plan to deliver cost savings, we completed the closure of the Murray, Kentucky manufacturing and distribution facility. We streamlined the workforce in our corporate locations worldwide and
we began investing in our long-term information technology strategy. For the year, the $87 million of cost savings contributed by the plan exceeded our $65 million target.
Improved supply chain performance and customer service levels:
We also made progress in 2002 through our supply chain initiatives. By better aligning our shipments to retailers with consumer demand, we have been able to strengthen our partnerships with retailers and lower costs. Additionally, our multi-language packaging strategy not only reduced item count, but also allowed for much more agility during the West Coast port dispute by providing the flexibility to redirect product in high demand to the appropriate market.
Developed our people, as
well as improved employee development processes:
We also promised to develop our people. The Mattel Leadership Development Center has enjoyed much success with employees worldwide, from the Global Leadership Program and e-learning to seminars for our most senior executives.
2
 
           We also launched “MATPICS” employee competencies in 2002– the standards of how we achieve results.
attel & Business Expertise ction Leader
eam Builder
assion
ntegrity ourage marts
Our people development programs provide a solid foundation for professional development across the organization and at every level.
We also launched our "MATPICS" employee competencies in 2002 – the standards of how we achieve results, which, like our corporate values, are just as important as what we achieve. The skills we are building through training
and processes like MATPICS, Quality of Organization Review succession manage- ment and Career Action Planning are enabling us to be more effective in meeting our business goals and filling
a much higher percentage of positions with internal candidates.
We’ve made good progress around the world with these strategic priorities, and
I am proud of the way Mattel’s employees navigated through the many obstacles to deliver a successful year.
Moving forward, when I think about our strategic focus for 2003, my thoughts revolve around a fresh set of key priorities, which I call the “4 Cs.” They are core brands, channels, costs and cash.
Let's start with core brands. In 2003, we will continue to focus on our core brands through the key strategies of extension, expansion, globalization and promotion
of operational excellence via best-practice sharing. As we announced earlier this year, the Girls and Boys/Entertainment divisions have consolidated to form a new business unit, Mattel Brands. This new global division includes the Barbie® and Hot Wheels® mega brands, as well as brands based on licensed entertainment properties. The creation of the Mattel Brands business unit is a continuation
of our "One Mattel" approach to doing business, eliminating redundancies within the organization and, most importantly, fostering an environment of best-practice sharing.
 M
A
T
P
I
C
S
 3
  
    innovative ideas
       As part of this transition, Pleasant Company was separated from the Mattel Brands business unit. The Infant/Preschool division remains unchanged.
While we have a cache of exciting product lines, the foundation of Mattel's success rests in our portfolio of power brands. Further, as 2003 will be an "entertainment-lite" year with no block- buster movies, such as Harry PotterTM, supporting our toy lines, the spotlight will shine on our core evergreen brands. For example:
My SceneTM, the exciting new Barbie® segment targeted to the “tween” market, which launched on a limited basis in 2002, will feature an expanded line rolling out this year.
BarbieTM of Swan Lake debuts this fall on DVD/home video with an expanded toy line following a solid performance in 2002 by BarbieTM as Rapunzel.
The new elloTM brand, a creativity system for girls, launches worldwide this year.
The Hot Wheels Highway 35TM integrated marketing program celebrates the brand’s 35th anniversary.
Learning initiatives at Fisher-Price continue with a new line-up of Kasey the KinderbotTM software accessories and the launch of the new PowerTouchTM brand, an early-learning system that has scored high marks in tests with kids, their parents and teachers. Following the success of the American Girl Place® flagship store on Chicago’s famed Michigan Avenue, a second store is slated to open on New York’s 5th Avenue this fall.
The next “C” is channels, as in retail channels – our customers. Our retail customers continue to streamline their businesses to address the difficult economic environment through store
closures and just-in-time inventory management, which results in a challenging retail environment. As part of managing our supply chain and inventory levels,
our overarching objective is to continue better matching our shipping with consumer demand. We also will continue to expand our Customer Business Team concept, which was implemented in 2002, to offer retailers focused support from key areas of Mattel, including forecasting, space management, logistics, retail services and more. We will increase our use of sophisticated category management tools, which demonstrates to retailers the economic benefits of supporting our brands.
The third “C” is costs. While the execution of our financial realignment plan is continuing into its final year, including the consolidation of two manufacturing facilities in Mexico by the end of 2003, we clearly face challenges in controlling costs.
      4
  
      In 2001, we efocused.
In 2002, we
began to ptimize.
These mindsets have built a strong foundation for our theme in 2003 –
nnovate.
We expect pressure as commodity prices come off of 20- to 30-year lows, and transportation, insurance and employee benefit costs continue to rise. These expected cost pressures just increase
our resolve to focus on the cost-saving initiatives that are under our control. In a step to help us execute these initiatives, we named a new head of Global Procure- ment in 2002, whose focus will be to leverage cost savings on purchases across the company and around the globe.
And the final “C” is cash. As I like to say, “cash is king” – and we generate a lot of it. Much like our approach in 2002, we plan to be disciplined about how we generate cash in 2003, and just as disciplined about deploying it. Our top priority is to maximize value for our stockholders, and earlier this year our Board of Directors approved an invest- ment framework to help us achieve this goal. We will be looking carefully at all of our options, including reinvesting in our
business, like New York’s American Girl Place®, and other value-enhancing alternatives, such as strategic acquisitions, share repurchases and cash dividends. But most importantly, we plan to take a very disciplined approach in our decision-making.
So where have we been in the last three years? In 2001, we refocused on what we do better than anyone else:
designing and manufacturing the world’s best toys. In 2002, we began to optimize key areas of our business, enabling us to work smarter, leaving more time for creative thinking. These mindsets have built a strong foundation for our theme in 2003 – innovate. And we plan to do this in three key areas.
First, we will work to add more innovative products. In 2003, we will intensify the creative momentum that produced such products as elloTM and PowerTouchTM.
 R
 O
I
 5
   
“I strongly believe that the only way to operate, in life and in business, is with unwavering
integrity. There is simply no room for compromise.”
Robert A. Eckert
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Second, we will work to develop more innovative processes. We’ll continue the momentum of the Global Transformation project, which streamlines our finance, information technology and human resources functions, as well as our worldwide procurement process.
And third, we will continue to seek out the best avenues to enable Mattel’s people to be innovative, including Project Platypus, a rotational program that allows a cross-functional team to temporarily leave behind daily tasks
in order to collaborate on a special design challenge. Project Platypus is an impressive example of how we can find exciting ways to inspire creativity and empower our people.
Our commitment to philanthropy, domes- tically and abroad, is another area where we will innovate in 2003. As the Mattel Children’s Foundation celebrates 25 years of “working wonders” around the globe, we will expand our employee volunteer
programs worldwide, extend our employee scholarship program internationally and continue matching the charitable gifts of our employees. From the $25 million gift to the Mattel Children’s Hospital at UCLA, to the more than one million toys donated each year to children’s charities, I am proud to say that the Mattel Children’s Foundation and our tireless Mattel volun- teers truly are making a difference in the lives of children everywhere, in a variety
of inspiring ways.
I strongly believe that the only way to operate, in life and in business, is with unwavering integrity. There is simply no room for compromise. In light of the public’s diminished trust in corporate America, I’d like to emphasize the importance of our values at Mattel,
from our consumers – inspiring kids’ imaginations, and our work– striving for excellence and creativity in everything we do, to our partners – sharing success with customers, vendors, shareholders and communities, and even ourselves – taking
ownership of all that passes in front of us and being accountable for the results of the business and the development of our fellow employees. Although we faced many obstacles throughout 2002, I am encouraged with the progress we made. And just as importantly, I am proud of how we have conducted business. You have my word that Mattel will continue
to operate with unwavering integrity – at every level of the business and in everything we do.
As we strive toward our vision to be
“The World’s Premier Toy Brands – Today and Tomorrow,” you have rewarded us over the past three years with your trust. We plan to continue earning it.
Sincerely,
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
   6
       