                                        2 All Infant and Preschool brands and characters will now be marketed under the Fisher-Price name.
To Our Shareholders:
1998 was a disappointing year for Mattel. Changes in our business, which we had anticipated would happen, occurred much more quickly and more dramatically than we ever expected. But we had initiatives well underway to address these changes, and we believe they will deliver positive, long-term results. So let’s review what happened and then tell you why we are so confident about our future.
We were informed early in the year of a major buying shift by our key retailer, Toys “R” Us, as they moved to reduce their inventories by $500 million over three years. In fact, they accomplished most of this reduction in just one
year, which affected Mattel by $250 million in total. But we didn’t foresee that this inventory reduction trend would accelerate to most
of our key retailers, resulting in across- the-board cutbacks in year-end buying.
So when historical re-orders didn’t materialize in December, we decided
to take the appropriate actions to adjust our own shipping to a more just-in-time pattern. As a result, we pre-announced that we expected to see flat top-line growth, and that our earnings would decrease to approxi- mately $1.20 per share. And the year- end results we reported were earnings of $1.20 per share, before charges, on a 1 percent decrease in sales.
The positive news coming out of 1998 was that retail sell-through of our products at our top U.S. accounts was up 12 percent, and retail inventories were down 30 percent in total, and down 50 percent at Toys “R” Us.
As I said earlier, we knew that our world was changing, and we began taking strategic action as early as 1997 to position Mattel for the future.
       
                                        3 Fifty million American Girl catalogues are sent to the homes of consumers each year.
Our first step was taken in March 1997 when we announced our merger with Tyco, the third largest U.S. toy company. This merger, which gave us brands such as Matchbox and Tyco Radio Control, enabled us to transform our Hot Wheels brand franchise into a broader global Wheels strategy that has grown three-and-a-half times in just 2 years. We now hold the #1 market share position in vehicles, having gone from a $200 million Hot Wheels business in 1996 to a worldwide Wheels franchise totaling $700 million last year. The Tyco merger also gave us the opportunity to integrate the Infant and Preschool brands of Sesame Street, Magna Doodle and View-Master
into the Fisher-Price brand, which along with
Disney Infant and Preschool and Winnie the
Pooh, is now a $1.7 billion franchise.
Then, in June of last year, we announced our acquisition of Pleasant Company and its blue-chip American Girl brand, which immediately brought us an additional $300 million in direct-to- consumer business, and gives us the infrastructure to take many of Mattel’s brands directly to the consumer. This makes infinite sense as we seek to expand our channels of distribution.
But to achieve our long-term goals, we did
more than just make strategic acquisitions last
year. We put our core brands back in order —
most importantly, Barbie. For the first four months
of 1998, we focused on cleaning up our Barbie retail inventory, which had been affected by 1997’s late shipping of Barbie products. Because we focused on clean sell- through, we did have a 14 percent shipping decline for 1998, but we sold more Barbie products over the counter in 1998 than any other year in Barbie doll’s history. And we reduced our retail inventory by more than
      
                                        Millennium Bride is a leading product in 4 the 1999 Barbie collector line.
40 percent at our top U.S. accounts, and over 60 percent at Toys “R” Us.
We also put our Fisher-Price business back on course, achiev- ing a strong return to profitability and an improved inventory position at retail — down 30 percent from last year.
The most positive outcome of 1998 was that our margins remained strong, despite the decline in Barbie, as evidenced by our gross margin of 49.4 percent, off only slightly from 49.6 percent in 1997. This resulted from improved
margins in our fast-growing Wheels business, the much improved profitability at Fisher-Price and manufac-
turing efficiencies coming out of Asia.
Though our margins held up well, our selling, general & administrative and
advertising ratios were out of line, as we incurred costs in anticipation of
reaching the higher volume. In 1999, we will manage our SG&A
and advertising ratios back to their 1997 levels, which were at historical
highs. Then we will cut costs even further after we complete our merger
with The Learning Company and realign the Mattel business in keeping
with our long-term strategic vision.
Now I’d like to talk about our brands, and how we plan to expand them across multiple platforms as we work to become even more rele-
vant in the lives of kids and their families.
Our $2 billion-plus girls category now includes the brands of Barbie and American Girl, which together make Mattel the world’s premier consumer products company for girls. Barbie ended the year with $1.7 billion in worldwide sales, and she has entered her 40th anniversary year ready to
         
                                        The Barbie Digital Camera was the #1 selling 5 children’s software title in 1998.
show she’s not getting older — she’s getting smarter.
We will have more new dolls shipping each and every quarter, strategically spread throughout the year, and a new marketing plan to build a stronger Barbie brand relationship with adults, older girls beyond 8 years, and our core girls 3 to 7 years of age.
A new “Generation Girl” Barbie doll segment, targeted to an older girl, features friends from around the world, each with a contemporary look and individual personality. And Barbie will represent many new looks and body types
in her 40th year, including a new full-bodied friend known and loved by all, Rosie O’Donnell.
Our Barbie collector products for 1999 will be led by a 40th anniversary limited edition
Barbie and our very limited edition Millennium Bride. Frank Sinatra, and
Elizabeth Taylor as Cleopatra, will join our growing celebrity collector busi- ness, which already includes Lucille
Ball, Elvis Presley and Audrey Hepburn. Our direct-to-consumer
collector catalog has been a very successful tool for us and will be
made even stronger when it is avail- able online starting in the second half
of this year.
Our Barbie media business grew 39 per- cent to $80 million in 1998, versus our total
$100 million interactive business. We had 7 of the top 10 children’s software titles in the U.S., and
Barbie CD-ROM titles achieved top 10 rankings in every country in Europe in December. Our interactive growth was led by the Barbie Digital Camera, which sold over 300,000 units, and was the #1 new software product of the year, according to PC Data.
        
                                        6 American Girl Place, our first flagship store, opened in November in Chicago.
And Barbie made her way successfully to the Internet in 1998. Barbie.com was named by Media Metrix to be one of the fastest-growing new shopping sites on the world- wide web, thanks to “My Design,” our design-your-own Barbie, which drew an average of 16.4 million daily hits in the month of December alone.
American Girl, the second largest girls brand in the world, produced $300 million in full-year sales for 1998. We opened our first flagship store — called “American Girl Place” — in Chicago in November and achieved results that exceeded every benchmark we set for ourselves. More importantly, Pleasant Company will be selling
all of its products online beginning in September of this year.
And since all of Pleasant Company’s business has been in the U.S., we plan to use Mattel’s international expertise to take the American Girl concept global, beginning in the year 2000.
At $1.7 billion in sales, our Infant and
Preschool business is now equal to
Barbie in volume. Our profitability
for this category is growing at exciting
levels, which will add to our brightened
future. And, all of our Infant and Preschool
brands and characters will now be marketed
under the Fisher-Price umbrella all around the world, allowing us to gain full leverage for this most important market share leader.
Winnie the Pooh was our fastest-growing brand last year, with sales up well over 50 percent and more than doubling outside of the U.S. This year, we will launch new segments for Pooh, including a girls and activity toy line. And our Sesame Street business, after tripling in 1997, saw a decline
        
                                         7 Mattel signed a worldwide exclusive licensing agreement with Ferrari.
in plush in 1998, but a big increase in basic Infant and Preschool toys. For 1999, we expect growth for this segment, driven by strong new introductions and Sesame Street’s first new movie in 15 years — “Elmo in Grouchland.”
I am very excited about our plans to launch our first-ever, direct-to-consumer catalog for Fisher-Price brands, which we will deliver in the second half of this year. Our Internet site is already in operation and our catalog products will be sold through our Web site as well.
At $700 million in sales last year,Wheels is now our third largest category. Our combined Hot Wheels, Matchbox and Tyco Radio Control shipping increased by 21 percent in 1998, and our
die-cast car unit sales increased to $300 million, up from $200 million in 1997.
We’ll further fuel this growth with
important new partnerships, such
as our worldwide exclusive Ferrari
relationship and our entry into
Formula One Racing, the counter-
part to NASCAR in Europe. We will
continue to build our Wheels busi-
ness around the world by continuing
to implement the country-by-country
focused strategy we developed with the
Boston Consulting Group, which enabled
us to realize a 30 percent growth in our
international Wheels business last year. We will
also introduce direct-to-consumer collector cata- logues for both Hot Wheels and Matchbox, which will also be sold online in the second half.
Our Entertainment category — which includes Disney and Nickelodeon — had a very strong year in 1998, approaching $500 million on the strength of “Mulan,” “A Bug’s Life” and “The Rugrats Movie.” In fact, Mattel
        
                                        The innovative X3 Microscope was developed through a 8 partnership between Mattel and Intel.
Entertainment properties were up 14 percent. Our Nickelodeon business tripled last year, fueled by products based on the very popular “Rugrats,” and on “Blue’s Clues,” the new top-ranked T.V. show from Nickelodeon. And our Disney business alone was up 16 percent for the year and now equals almost $700 million around the world.
We have a great line-up of new entertainment properties for 1999. “A Bug’s Life” will launch in Europe in the first quarter, and U.S. home video releases of “Mulan,” “A Bug’s Life” and “The Rugrats Movie” all will come this year. Then Disney’s “Tarzan” will be released in June, and
Disney’s and Pixar’s much anticipated “Toy Story 2” will debut in November.
Our future looks very bright, based on the strategic initiatives we have underway.
Growth of our core businesses will remain a key priority, and our global brand building strategy will continue
to be a big part of that, as we seek to double our international sales.
To do that, we will implement
the systematic approach developed through our work with the Boston ConsultingGroup. OurWheels,Infant
and Preschool, and Barbie franchises will be the targeted brands — and
Europe and Japan the target markets.
Our second initiative has been to develop a $1 billion software business. We began Mattel
Media in 1996 with $20 million in sales and one Barbie title. Over the last two years, we have grown to a $100 million interactive franchise with the #1 top-selling children’s title for three years in a row. This year, we will have 25 new Mattel Media titles, including CD-ROMs based on American Girl, Sesame Street and Caterpillar, which is part of the Matchbox brand. We will also have
       
                                        Shopping online for Mattel products will be 9 offered through Mattel.com.
software for new platforms including Sony Playstation and Nintendo’s Game Boy.
Deepening our entry into technology, we entered into a rela- tionship with Intel last year. I am very proud of the products that have been developed through that partnership. The mis- sion of our alliance has been to create PC-related products that allow children to see and do things they have never done before. We’re delivering on that mission, with the X3 Microscope and the Me2Cam, which are being heralded as two of the most innovative new products of 1999. They will launch in the second half.
Mattel Media and Intel have given us a strong position in the interactive arena, but it made
great sense for us to seek out a partner to help us realize our $1 billion goal. The only
company that met all the criteria we established was The Learning Company. We announced our proposed merger
with The Learning Company in December. This merger will provide Mattel with tremendous opportunities for synergies, cross branding, age
expansion, consumer relevancy and channel expansion. The Learning
Company holds the #1 market share for both education software and productivity
software, the #2 position for reference, and the #3 ranking for entertainment.
After the merger’s completion, we will become the second largest consumer software
company in the world, second only to Microsoft.
Our third initiative is to build a $1 billion direct-to-consumer business. We have nearly $500 million in direct sales today, most of it through catalogs, and we will have catalogs for all of our key brands available in the second half of the year. But the real opportunity in direct marketing is through an
      
                                        10 Children around the world will benefit from the Mattel Children’s Hospital at UCLA.
Internet strategy based on all that our merger with The Learning Company will bring.
Mattel.com will bring every Mattel and Learning Company brand together at one family destination portal. Once there, consumers will be able to make purchases through one shopping cart, one database and one fulfillment center, with all of the customer service, friendliness and product quality that people would expect from our company.
We’ve come a long way in just three years. Let me share a timeline with you that shows how far we’ve come in building our brands, and where we’re headed.
In 1996, our principal brands were Barbie, Fisher-Price, Disney, Hot Wheels, Nickelodeon and Cabbage Patch. Through our 1997 merger with Tyco, we added Matchbox, Tyco R/C, Sesame Street, View-Master and Magna Doodle. Last year, we added American Girl and
the worldwide rights to Polly Pocket, which we will relaunch all around the world this year. And with our proposed merger with The Learning Company,
we will add brands like Carmen
Sandiego, Reader Rabbit, The Oregon Trail, National Geographic, American Greetings, The Print Shop, Riven and Myst.
Importantly, this growth in brand power has
enhanced our category leadership. We’re the #1
leader in Girls’ brands at $2 billion in annual sales, and
#1 in Infant and Preschool, which is also headed for
$2 billion. We’re #1 in Wheels, which is fast approaching $1 billion, and #1 in Entertainment, at nearly a half-billion dollars. And with The Learning Company merger, we will reach $1 billion in interactive sales.
        
                                         11 Jill E. Barad, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Perhaps our proudest moment of 1998 came in November, when we announced a $25 million gift to UCLA Children’s Hospital. In honor of the gift, the hospital has been renamed the Mattel Children’s Hospital at UCLA, and this name will appear on a spectacular new I.M. Pei-designed facility that will be completed by 2004, providing a new landmark for the city. We are so incredibly proud to provide a gift of such lasting benefit to Mattel’s hometown, while — through the hospital’s renowned research and teaching activities — helping boys and girls in need all around the world.
Mattel is a strong company and will be even stronger. We should generate $600 million in annual cash flow from operations going forward, which
should increase to $800 million following
our merger with The Learning Company.
Our solid financial position, the power of our brands and the initiatives we have underway will help take us to a new level of strength and leadership. With all of this, and the support of our shareholders, we will continue
to build the brand name of Mattel to mean what we hold so dearly as our mission — to serve the world’s children and their families.
Sincerely,
Jill E. Barad
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
       March 22, 1999
