  To our
shareholders
1
 DESPITE THE SIGNIFICANT CHALLENGES WE FACED DURING 2001, MATTEL HAD A SUCCESSFUL YEAR AND IS POISED TO CONTINUE IMPROVING ITS PERFORMANCE IN THE YEARS AHEAD.
2001 presented substantial obstacles for our company. Global economies softened; the September 11th terrorist attacks eroded U.S. consumer confidence; and as a result, several important U.S. retailers canceled holiday reorders as they intensified their focus on inventory management in light of uncertain consumer spending prospects.
As a result, despite reaching record levels, Mattel’s three percent worldwide net rev- enue growth for the year was at the low end of our expectations. A precipitous eight percent decline in U.S. shipments during the fourth quarter brought full-year gross revenues down one percent in the U.S., the world’s largest toy market. Offsetting weak U.S. sales, our international gross revenues grew 10 percent for the year and we have now experienced six consecutive quarters of growth internationally. A turn- around in our European business, which grew 13 percent for the year, led the
international performance. Our business also grew strongly in Latin America
(20 percent), Canada (10 percent) and Australia/New Zealand (3 percent).
In last year’s letter to shareholders, I wrote that one of our key priorities for 2001 was to strengthen core brand momentum in the U.S. and abroad. And we did just that. Consumer demand for our brands grew around the world as we gained market share in virtually every country where
we sell our products. In the U.S., despite weaker-than-expect-
ed shipments to
retailers, all of our
major brands
showed strength
with consumers
and posted sales
increases at retail.
According to NPD industry data for toy sales at the consumer level, we gained
 
  2
market share in the U.S. in the dolls, vehi- cles, action figures, games and puzzles and core infant and preschool categories. Our market share of total traditional toys grew 1.2 percentage points to 23.5 percent.
We also recorded strong market share gains outside the U.S.,
as our market share
grew in the five major
European markets,
as well as in Canada,
Mexico and Australia.
We began reaping the
benefits of our strategic partnership with Bandai, Japan’s largest toy
maker, eliminating chronic operating losses in that country and building our brands in the world’s second largest toy-purchasing nation.
Our brands benefited from strong market- ing programs, which promoted product lines such as Barbie in the NutcrackerTM, the innovative What’s Her Face?TM doll, which combines fashion and activity play,
the Fisher-Price® Rescue HeroesTM line of positive role models, and Hot Wheels®, which once again claimed the title of best- selling toy of the year.
We further gained market share by improving the performance of our supply chain.
Our customer service levels strengthened measurably as we partnered with retailers
to get the right product to the right place at the right time, all with lower costs. This improvement allowed retailers to better plan and execute merchandising programs, which supported our market share growth.
In 2001, perhaps the most dramatic evidence of our improved supply chain performance was seen in the suc- cessful, worldwide
launch of our Harry PotterTM toys to coin- cide with the global theatrical debut of Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer’s StoneTM,
last year’s box office
smash. This was
particularly challeng-
ing, as never before
had we launched so
many products on a
global basis in such close proximity to the holiday season. I am pleased to report that our supply chain teams executed tremendously well.
I also wrote in last year’s annual report about the importance of executing our financial realignment plan and delivering the cost savings we promised. I am delighted to say that we are on track to realize the full $200 million in savings that we projected. In 2001, gross margin increased by 110 basis points, while selling, general and administrative costs
Our market share grew in the five major European markets, as well as in Canada, Mexico and Australia.
      
  decreased by 40 basis points, excluding the bad debt expense related to Kmart Corporation’s bankruptcy filing. (Printing this report in conjunction with our Form 10-K is just one example among hundreds
invested in manufacturing capacity in Mexico to absorb
production from our
Kentucky plant,
which will cease operations this year as part of a phased
closure. We improved efficiencies by moving more product designers
and engineers closer to production locations. We developed and have begun executing a three-year plan to fully integrate and upgrade our information systems and technology infrastructure. We have added warehouse and office space in China to capitalize on the region’s structural cost
3
  of projects to lower overhead costs.) a result, operating profit advanced 15 percent and
represented 13.3
percent of sales.
As
We are on track to realize the full $200 million in savings that we projected.
 Worldwide income
from continuing operations was $351.6 million or $0.81 per share, excluding restructuring and non-recurring charges. This represents 20 percent growth from $293.3 million or $0.69 per share in 2000. Including restructuring and non-recurring charges, full-year earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.71, com- pared to $0.40 in 2000.
Most encouragingly, as a result of our strong cash flow from operations in 2001, we ended the year with more than $600 million in cash, an increase of more than $380 million from the prior year. We also reduced debt by more than $230 million. Year-end debt as a percentage of total capi- tal was 42 percent, down from 52 percent at year-end 2000. This puts us well on our way to achieving our stated long-term objective of having debt represent approxi- mately one-third of total capital.
While delivering on our near-term financial objectives, we also made investments aimed at ensuring a strong future. We
advantages.
We also acquired Pictionary, Inc., the owner of the Pictionary® board game, obtained a license for the rights to BarneyTM, alliance with
 and renewed our global
Sesame Workshop® and our license for the Disney character brands. Licensing agreements with Vivendi Universal Publishing and THQ also were finalized to extend our core brands, including Barbie® and Hot Wheels®, to console games and personal computers.
Most importantly, we have invested in the people of Mattel, whose talents provide

  4
    our most prized
competitive
advantage. While
our workforce was
smaller in 2001,
and has been further reduced in 2002,
we have enhanced employee development with performance tracking, leadership classes, global employee
surveys and follow-up action plans. The result is a smaller, and we believe, more productive workforce.
Finally, our progress
continues in the important areas of corporate governance and social responsi- bility. We strengthened our Board of Directors with the addition of G. Craig Sullivan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Clorox Company and Kathy Brittain White, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Cardinal Health, Inc. in 2001. These well-respected, highly successful business leaders add invaluable new perspectives to board discussions.
We continued to improve the commu- nities where Mattel employees live and work. We provided the time, talent and resources needed to build a children’s hos-
pital in Tijuana, Mexico, several elementary
schools in Indonesia and a daycare center in China. Here in the U.S., construction of the new, world-class Mattel Children’s Hospital at the University of California, Los Angeles is underway thanks to the gen- erosity of the Mattel Children’s Foundation.
Our work with the Mattel Independent Monitoring Council
(MIMCO) is another source of great pride. Since 1997, MIMCO has devel- oped standards for and audited the working conditions
and welfare of our manufacturing employ- ees around the world. In 2001, MIMCO broadened its reach by advising and assisting Mattel’s suppliers in an effort to improve the lives of more people who
are associated with Mattel’s products.
While we have successfully begun to turn around Mattel’s performance, there still is much work ahead of us. First-rate compa- nies consistently perform well and that is what we intend to do.
Last year, the inculcation of our vision allowed us to refocus on what we do better than any other company in the world – design, manufacture and market the most innovative toys. While our vision of being the "world’s premier toy brands for today and tomorrow" remains unchanged, our mindset for 2002 is progressing from “refocus” to “optimize.” We will accom-
                                               We have invested
in the people of Mattel, whose talents provide our most prized competitive advantage.
  
  plish this by adhering to the four priorities I outlined in last year’s shareholder letter. I would like to tell you how we intend to build upon these objectives this year:
1. Strengthen core brand momentum in the U.S. and abroad. In 2002, we will build on the strong point-of-
sale momentum that
we experienced in 2001.
listened-to scores. New action figures sup- porting Yu-Gi-Oh!TM will debut based on the successful cartoon and card game from Japan. Masters of
the Universe®, includ- ing He-Man®, will be relaunched to a new
generation of hero worshippers. And as part of The American Girl® Collection, this year millions of young girls will
meet KayaTM, the first Native American American Girl® doll.
Latin America will be a primary focus for us. While sales have grown at a significant rate in the past few years, our business systems and management skills have not kept pace, resulting in inconsistent profit growth. Therefore, we have appointed a solid new management team and are mak- ing adjustments we believe are necessary to convert sales growth into increased cash flow and profitability.
2. Execute the financial realignment plan and deliver the cost savings announced in September 2000. In 2002, we will close our Murray, Kentucky manufacturing plant and will continue to evaluate opportunities to eliminate underutilized production
5
 Last year, the inculcation of our vision allowed us to refocus on what we do better than any other company in the world -- design, manufacture and market the most innovative toys.
   As an encore to our highly successful Barbie in the NutcrackerTM film and product line, in 2002, Barbie will star in the story of Rapunzel, with a video and toy line.
Harry PotterTM fans will enjoy toys associat- ed with the video and DVD release of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s StoneTM,
as well as the fall movie premiere of Harry Potter and the Chamber of SecretsTM. Matchbox® celebrates its 50th anniversary in 2002 with a year-long marketing pro- gram and a commemorative product line for car-loving kids of all ages. As the infant and preschool leader, Fisher-Price will intro- duce a new line of educational toys while also expanding its targeted age group with a line of “Pre-Cool” products. New games also will be launched, including the “Disney’s Wonderful World of MusicTM Game” featuring some of the world’s most-

  6
capacity, improve our gross margin and lower overhead costs. We have reduced the workforce at our Mattel corporate locations by seven percent, and our investments in information systems and technology will help us better manage the business, with lower costs in procurement, finance, distribution
and manufacturing.
3. Improve supply
chain performance
and customer service levels. We have become one of the industry’s leaders in customer service. And while there always is work to be done when it comes to cus- tomer service, we also are focusing on improving supply chain efficiencies.
For example, we will launch fewer new SKUs this year by taking advantage of multi-lingual packaging, providing us with increased distribution options for any given toy. We have implemented a company- wide initiative to better align shipments with consumer demand by contracting the time it takes for us to manufacture and dis- tribute toys. While our new program will reduce first-half revenues, there will be tan- gible benefits in terms of lower shipping and promotional costs, as well as strength- ening our partnerships with retailers as they continue to focus on just-in-
time inventory management.
4. Develop our people and improve our employee develop-
ment processes. In 2002, advanced leader- ship and global leadership classes will be added to our training curriculum, and a new innovation platform will be offered to product designers to further hone their creativity. E-learning initiatives will be expanded, allowing more employees the
power to develop their skills at their own individ- ual pace.
Mattel’s vision is to create and market “the world’s premier toy brands
for today and tomorrow.” In the past two years, we have refocused the company on its core business – toys, and its core com- petency – building brands. We have reduced costs and developed our people. We have begun to optimize our product portfolio and business systems. And most importantly, we have tasted success – and we hunger for more.
On behalf of my 27,000 colleagues around the world, thank you for investing in our
business – and in us.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Eckert
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
“the world’s premier toy brands for today and tomorrow”
   