  To our shareholders,
 There are leaders and there are followers. Leaders inspire. They overcome challenges. They are visionary. Leaders redefine boundaries. They take risks and set the pace. As the world’s largest toy company with the most powerful brands in the industry, Mattel strives to do all of these things – to motivate, to push the envelope, to triumph over challenges and to be visionary. At Mattel, it’s not enough to be part of the pack – we must lead, even in the face of adversity.
And we will do just that.
Looking back, 2003 was a year of mixed results for Mattel. Though we struggled with top-line sales growth all year, especially in the United States, we continued to grow internationally and made progress in improving profit margins and strengthening the balance sheet. We also began executing our capital and investment framework by using our strong cash flow to significantly increase the cash dividend and initiate a share repurchase program.
We know that to be a leader we must focus on regaining positive momentum in the business and re-establishing growth in our core brands. To accomplish this, we must lead with children, their parents and with customers. At the same time, we want to continue the momentum we have established and lead in our communities as well as with our shareholders.
In order to lead with children and their parents, we must focus our efforts on better understanding what consumers want and need, and then translate those desires into products that will ultimately outperform the competition.
A model for success in this area is American Girl®. Since 1986, American Girl® has brought history to life by artfully weaving together education and entertainment through books, dolls and acces- sories. Last fall we opened the second American Girl Place® retail location, on New York’s Fifth Avenue, to give girls a venue and a brand experience unlike any other in their world. Girls responded by making the New York location an even bigger success than our Chicago store in its opening holiday season in 1998.
This year, girls will have another way to experience the American Girl® brand through an original, made-for-television, live-action film based on one of the company’s most popular historical charac- ters, Samantha Parkington®. The first-ever American Girl® movie is scheduled to air this November on The WB Television Network. It is a tremendous opportunity to provide the legions of American Girl® fans with a new way to experience the brand, while simultaneously reaching a whole new audience.
As a leader in the infant and preschool market, we believe that it's important for children to be exposed to a wide variety of play experiences. We also know that it is critical that these play experiences be driven by the child's input and imagination. When it comes to learning toys, our philosophy is no different. Fisher-Price has a team of leading content developers, engineers, early childhood and development experts onsite every day, actively involved from initial product concept through final production, making sure our toys are not only fun but also educational.
These unmatched research and development efforts have allowed us to establish a strong position in the growing Electronic Learning Aid, or ELA, category. Two years ago, the #1 new ELA was Fisher-Price’s Kasey the KinderbotTM, a robotic friend who helps pre-kindergartners learn physical, social and reading skills. Last year, Fisher-Price’s PowerTouchTM system was launched to further help early readers to progress, and was the category’s new product best seller. Building on our success, this year we are introducing an exciting new lineup of interactive learning toys designed specifically for children at different developmental stages, from infancy through grade school.
 Leaders inspire. They overcome challenges. They are visionary. Leaders redefine boundaries. They take risks and set the pace.
 As a leader in
the infant and preschool market, we believe that it's important for children to be exposed to a wide variety of play experiences. We also know that it is critical that these play experiences be driven by the child's input and imagination.

                        
  For infants, we’ve combined our expertise with recently conducted, in-home "reality research" to develop a platform where babies learn through everyday experiences. It’s called experiential learn- ing. The result is a new infant toy line – Laugh and LearnTM – that encourages learning through fun and familiar everyday play.
The next learning introduction is InteracTVTM, which enables preschool and grade-school children to interact and learn with their favorite characters from popular TV shows, using their own TVs and DVD players. This breakthrough system transforms watching television from a passive activity to a proactive pursuit.
A clear opportunity for improvement in leading with kids exists in our fashion doll business. For 45 years, the Barbie® brand has been and continues to be the worldwide leader in this profitable category. More than a doll, Barbie® is the strongest girls brand in the world. With $3.6 billion in retail sales worldwide, the Barbie® brand boasts the #1 girls Web site with 31 million visits per month and, according to Forbes, is the #1 girls global entertainment property.
Recently, however, we have seen an unprecedented level of competition in the girls category. To regain our momentum in the doll category, this year we are going to do things differently. First, we have new leadership in the Girls area that has brought new energy and sparked new thinking to the team. Second, we are going to do fewer things better by using a different approach to product development and marketing. The new mantra for Barbie® is not about a multitude of different dolls, but instead focuses on a strategy based on storytelling, enhanced with technology and age-appropriate aspiration.
With the success of the Barbie® entertainment series, we’ve learned that when we combine the Barbie® brand with storytelling or content, girls become more engaged with the brand and in turn, connect with the product. For 2004, we have re-established the brand into content-rich worlds, which we call the “Worlds of” strategy. First, we write engaging stories for girls, then create dolls and toys to play out these stories. Second, we tell these stories through value-added content like movies, books, magazines and music.
The “Worlds of” approach not only provides enhanced play value for girls, but also provides a platform for a broader scope of product that complements the story, giving girls more and more reasons to buy deeper into the brand.
Turning to boys, our Wheels strategy is twofold: one, create a set of wheels for every guy, no matter what age; and two, empower boys with toys that promote age-appropriate activities. Through the Matchbox®, Hot Wheels® and Tyco® R/C brands, it is our goal to connect with the consumer at every stage and create toys that are not only fun, but also encourage hand-eye coordination, physical dexterity and cognitive abilities.
Mattel participates in the entertainment arena from both ends of the entertainment continuum. On one side, our own power brands – Barbie ®, My SceneTM, Hot Wheels®, Matchbox®,
Little People® and Rescue Heroes® – provide an extensive cast of characters that allows us to create some of the most popular children’s entertainment programming of our own, which in turn immerses kids deeper into the brand experience. On the other side is the “toyetic” know-how to create toys for the best children’s licensed entertainment programming in the business, including Harry PotterTM, BatmanTM, Yu-Gi-Oh!TM, Dora the ExplorerTM, Sesame Street® and many more.
 More than a doll, Barbie® is the strongest girls brand in the world. With $3.6 billion in retail sales worldwide, the Barbie® brand boasts the #1 girls Web site with 31 million visits per month and, according to Forbes, is the #1 girls global entertainment property.

                     
 Mattel is the first and only global consumer products company to
apply a required standards system to both its own manufacturing facilities and those of its major vendors, and to independently monitor and publicly disclose the results.
Despite having many of the toy industry’s strongest brands, we cannot, however, lead alone. Our success is dependent on a healthy and vital retail presence. In 2003, we witnessed what many described as a price war in the toy aisle. Although maintaining affordable price points is important, our power brands are capable of commanding a premium price because of their innovation and quality. While we cannot set retail prices, we can lead our retail partners to enhance profitability in their toy departments. With category management analytics, more channel-specific products and customized promotional programs, our goal is to help retailers enjoy profitable growth. It’s good for their business, and ours.
We will also continue our leadership position in our communities. In celebration of the 25th anniver- sary of the Mattel Children’s Foundation in 2003, Mattel and the Foundation made a significant and meaningful impact around the globe through millions of dollars in grants and toys, thousands of hours volunteered and an ongoing, multi-year $25 million commitment to the Mattel Children’s Hospital at UCLA. The ability to inspire kids’ imaginations is a powerful contribution and a philoso- phy that is embraced by Mattel throughout the world via its gifts of time, talent and toys.
It is also important to lead the industry by example. In January of this year, the International Center for Corporate Accountability (ICCA), which provides third-party analysis of working conditions in Mattel manufacturing facilities, released audit results of our major suppliers in China. While voluntary audit reports of Mattel-owned manufacturing facilities have been published since 1999, the supplier report marks the first effort to broaden the scope of the analysis to include Mattel's major vendors. According to Dr. S. Prakash Sethi, chairman of ICCA, with the publication of these reports, Mattel is the first and only global consumer products company to apply a required standards system to both its own manufacturing facilities and those of its major vendors, and to independently monitor and publicly disclose the results.
To be a leader in our industry, we must have leaders among us. And we do. At Mattel, we continu- ally challenge our current leaders to instill and encourage leadership qualities in their respective teams. We accomplish that goal by applying our MATPICS competencies, which I introduced to you in last year’s letter, as well as through programs at the Mattel Leadership Development Center, which provides training opportunities for leaders at every level. At Mattel, it’s not enough to deliver results. It’s just as important how those results are achieved.
It is also a priority to lead with you, our shareholders. Despite challenging sales in 2003 we contin- ued to improve profitability, generate strong cash flow and reduce debt. Our improved profit margins are the result of continued supply chain improvements and a sharp focus on reducing costs. Last year, for example, we centralized and globalized our procurement activities and installed state-of-the-art information technology to facilitate lower cost material and transportation purchas- ing. We have continued to reduce excess manufacturing capacity and streamline our "back office" functions. We repaid $187 million of debt last year, further reducing our debt-to-capital ratio to
23 percent, down from 52 percent three years ago.
In recognition of the company’s ability to generate strong levels of cash flow, your Board of Directors increased the annual cash dividend from $0.05 per share in 2002 to $0.40 per share in 2003. Additionally, the Board authorized a share repurchase program, again with an eye toward returning excess funds to shareholders. Both of these actions are consistent with the capital investment framework that the Board approved in early 2003.
In today’s environment, leadership requires a strong and active Board of Directors to oversee and challenge your management team. Mattel’s Board continues its commitment to using the best practices in governance, disclosure and accountability.
Our improved profit margins are the result of continued supply chain improvements and a sharp focus on reducing costs.

 Mattel’s Board continues its commitment to using the best practices in governance, disclosure and accountability.
Consistent with a new retirement policy in our corporate governance guidelines, two directors, Bill Rollnick and Harold Brown, are retiring from the Board this year. Bill, who retired in January, chaired our Audit Committee with unwavering integrity. He also served as Chairman of the Board in early 2000. Harold is clearly one of the smartest people I’ve ever met. His research and leadership on global issues spans six decades at the very highest levels of government and education.
In anticipation of upcoming retirements, your Board recruited Mike Dolan, former chief executive officer of Young & Rubicam, and Ron Sargent, chief executive officer of Staples, to join its ranks. Mike and Ron bring intellectual and operating discipline crafted over years of diverse business experi- ences. We look forward to their contributions as we take Mattel to a higher level of performance.
To achieve success in 2004, we need to stay focused on leading with children and their parents, with customers, in our communities and with our shareholders. I want to assure you that we are intently focused on addressing the top-line by invigorating the Barbie® brand and by capitalizing on the positive momentum of our electronic learning strategy. We are also managing and controlling costs while we continue to improve productivity and processes. We are working on ways to strengthen our relationships with existing customers while at the same time developing alternative retail channels. We are dedicated to leading by example in our communities. We are committed to maximizing long-term value for our shareholders.
We will be leaders. We will inspire, take risks and set the pace. We will overcome adversity and redefine boundaries. We will be visionaries. We will be leaders every day, everywhere, for everyone, with every brand.
And we will be the World’s Premier Toy Brands–Today and Tomorrow.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Eckert
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
   