    What’s Next for Mattel?
I’ve heard that question quite a few times as our company has worked to weather uncertain economic times and strengthen operations while also creating toys that are relevant to the way today’s children play. Last year, I said companies that deliver improved execution during the tough times will be the ones best positioned to capitalize on the economic turnaround, which
will most certainly occur. I also made some commitments to you, the shareholders of Mattel: to run the business well and responsibly, reward investors and make kids’ lives fun.
Looking back, I am proud of how well Mattel’s employees delivered on our promises. As expected, sales were down
due to retailer inventory management, our lack of toys tied to movie properties compared to prior years and the effect of foreign exchange rates. That said, we succeeded in improving execution across the supply chain and throughout the company by realigning our structure; controlling costs and expenses; tightly managing working capital, especially inventories; and reducing capital spending by doing only business-critical projects and doing them exceptionally well.
The result was improved profitability, a stronger balance sheet and improved cash flow, which we used to lower debt, increase cash balances and continue to reward shareholders through our strong annual dividend.
We also were successful in bringing magic to the lives of children through innovative new toys, including the continued revitalization of some of our classic and time-honored brands, such as Barbie® and Hot Wheels.®
Last year, we celebrated the 50th anniversary of the world’s most iconic doll – and the world celebrated with us. This incredible milestone for the Barbie® brand allowed us a unique platform to reconnect girls of all ages with the legacy of
the brand: fashion, aspiration and cultural relevance.
In our Wheels business, both Hot Wheels® and Matchbox® experienced strong global performance, and we saw growth in core games brands like UNO® and Apples to Apples.® Wealsointroducedanexcitingnewgame,Mindflex,TM which was an early sell-out and ultimately one of the hottest toys of the year. Our Fisher-Price® BabyGearTM line experienced double-digit growth for the holiday season. And unlike many premium-priced products facing the current economic environment, American Girl® held its own through continued exemplary brand development.
We also experienced success with our partners and another year of outstanding performance in our Disney PrincessTM line. The Disney®/Pixar® relaunch of the Toy Story® franchise in Fall 2009 drove performance with our Toy Story® line of toys and Disney/Pixar’s Cars® had another strong year further establishing it as an evergreen brand.
And even though 2009 was a year of sacrifice and hard work for Mattel employees, I am extremely proud that, for the third consecutive year, FORTUNE Magazine named Mattel to its “100 Best Companies to Work For” list.
We published our third Global Citizenship Report, which focused on our efforts to create safe, high-quality products
and to manufacture them in a responsible and ethical manner while managing our environmental impact. I am also pleased to share that Mattel was again named to the “100 Best Corporate Citizens” list by Corporate Responsibility Magazine.
The year 2010 is a personal milestone for me – May 17 marks my 10-year anniversary with Mattel. I joined the company during some tough times and in the midst of change. On my first day, I told Mattel employees gathered in the company’s cafeteria that we were going to do three things: build brands, cut costs and develop people. We’ve made good progress on all three fronts.

So after 10 years, what investors and employees ask me most often is “What’s next for Mattel?” Let me start with where we have been. In 2000, the senior management team created a vision for the company to be: “The World’s Premier Toy Brands – Today and Tomorrow.” In the context of what’s next, we challenged our thinking around the vision itself.
In 2010, we are launching a new guiding vision for the company:
“Creating the Future of Play.”
At Mattel, we are the imaginations behind some of the most recognized and best-loved products around the world. But I will let you in on a secret: we don’t just make toys. We create emotional connections that last a lifetime by encouraging children to stretch their imaginations, creating joy and allowing children to become lost in play. That’s the real value of our toys. That’s the value of play.
So with our new vision in mind, what’s next in the world of play?
First, we believe in reinventing favorites while creating new products and play opportunities to captivate generations
to come. After a year-long celebration of 50 years of Barbie® as a fashion icon, 2010 is about reclaiming the Barbie® brand’s heritage as an inspiration to girls of all ages.
This year, Barbie® celebrates another milestone – her 125th career and kicks off the global “I Can Be...TM” campaign. For the first time ever, consumers around the world helped select the next career. With more than a half-million votes counted, her 125th career was selected by girls around the world and is
a News Anchor. But consumers of all ages and both genders loudly campaigned for another Barbie® career. Therefore, we’re also launching Computer Engineer Barbie®, debuting in Winter 2010, to inspire a new generation of girls to explore this important high-tech career.
Innovation can redefine what it is to play and what makes something a toy. Adding a new twist to today’s play experiences, our innovative engineering team is transforming small toys into sophisticated gadgets that bring a new dimension to how boys and girls play today.
One of my favorite examples is the Fisher-Price® iXLTM learning system, a child’s portable window to a whole new world of learning and entertainment, featuring six applications: Story Book, Game Player, Note Book, Art Studio, Music Player and Photo Album.
Boys of all ages can now take their Hot Wheels® radio control vehicles anywhere with the new Hot Wheels® R/C Stealth Rides. About the size of a deck of cards, these fully functioning radio control vehicles fold flat to fit in a very thin carrying case that doubles as the control for the vehicle.
To encourage girls to play outdoors, American Girl® introduces LanieTM, the 2010 Girl of the Year®, a thoughtful, energetic girl who discovers the world in her own backyard. Available for only one year, LanieTM launched with two books that tell her story.
This year, Mattel has partnered with the biggest names in kids’ entertainment from Disney® and Pixar® to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE®) and Thomas & FriendsTM, developing innovative toys that evoke creativity, foster role play and continue storylines off-screen and onto living room floors.
    Creating the future of play is evolution. Our goal is to build on the progress we’ve made and to push ourselves to achieve more. That’s consistent with our 2010 goals: we will capitalize on opportunities to increase revenues by continuing core brand performance while maximizing the opportunities surrounding our new entertainment properties (WWE®, Toy Story® 3 and Thomas & FriendsTM); maintain cost and expense controls;
and deliver another strong year of profits and cash flow.
We believe in the value of play – the possibilities it creates and the joy that it brings. At Mattel, we have the unique opportunity to work at the intersection of what is enduring and what is innovative. When we do this, there are no limits to what we can invent and the joy we can create.
  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
