To our shareholders:

While in New York last year for meetings, I stopped by American Girl Place® for a look around. I was captivated by some­ thing spectacular - girls and their families full of enthusiasm and excitement explor­ing the characters and stories they love, attending a show In the theater and even enjoying special celebrations in the cafe. On that same trip, I watched a young girl at Kennedy Airport play with her Barbie® doll while dressed from head to toe in her own Barbie® outfit, even carrying a Barbie® backpack. And if you've ever watched an infant discovering something new in his or her world with the help of a Fisher-Price® toy, like Laugh and Learn™, you know what these things have in common: there is a connection.

I started thinking about how we at Mattel connect with others each day, in various capacities, with our retail partners, fellow employees, consumers and communities. Each year I choose a word to establish our priorities and set the tone for the upcoming year, guiding each of us at Mattel in our daily endeavors. This year,
I have chosen the word "connect."

As I take stock of our accomplishments during 2004 and think about the chal­ lenges that lie ahead in 2005 and beyond, it's increasingly apparent that one of the keys to our success is in building and maintaining meaningful relationships.

Looking back at 2004, I see a year with exciting turns and momentum. The year had its challenges, but we fared well and I am encouraged by the progress we made in leading with children and their parents, with customers, in our communities and with shareholders.

Overall retailers remained cautious in 2004, tightly managing inventories all year. Consumers also continued the trend of shopping later in the holiday season. This translated into more of our sales continu­ing to shift into the fourth quarter, and for that matter, late in the fourth quarter. On top of that, the U.S. toy industry contract­ ed by about 3 percent (Source: The NPD Group - Online Consumer Panel). But we held our own, with our share up about three-quarters of a point. Most encourag­ingly, in the fourth quarter we saw improved trends in our consumer take­ away. Retailers saw a bit of a boost in our business and as a result, our holiday season re-orders were stronger. In the end, the holiday season was okay
- not great, but not bad.

I am happy to report that we made good progress on two of  our key goals for 2004 - invigorating the Barbie® brand and building on the positive momentum of our electronic learning initiative.

As I told you last year, the Barbie ® brand is in transition. We began to see the fruits of our hard work during the holiday sea­ son. We started this process with the development of a new strategy designed to regain relevance with girls. We made innovative improvements in the product line and launched a new marketing cam­paign highlighting a fresher, more relevant image. Our efforts were rewarded with improved performance at retail in the holi­day season reflected by significant gains in category share. We are regaining rele­vance with our consumers, improving share and instilling confidence in our retailers. We're clearly early in the cycle, and still have much work to do, but there is momentum.

We also made excellent progress with our Fisher-Price® learning initiative. Our strate­gy in this segment is not to rely on a single product platform, but rather to have a variety of platforms designed to appeal to different age segments. Building on exist­ ing platforms, including the PowerTouch™ reading system, Kasey the Kinderbot™ and Learn Through Music, we introduced new "edu-tainment" products in 2004, like Laugh and Learn™  and lnterac1V™, which helped us grow and gain share in the infant and preschool category.

While we successfully led in key product categories for 2004, our financial results were mixed. Earnings per share grew 11 percent to $1.35. This included the net benefit of a tax settlement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service associated with the examination of prior years' tax returns conducted in the normal course of business. Our operating income for 2004, however, declined by 7 percent from the prior year. There were two primary drivers behind this decline. The first was a sales mix shift toward lower margin product lines, including our strategic decision to add more "value in the box," like clothing and accessories, with every doll in our Barbie® line. And the second was cost increases, primarily driven by higher oil prices impacting our cost of resin and transportation.

On the other hand, our cash flow remained strong, and we continued to be opportunistic and disciplined as we exe­cuted within the capital and investment framework we established two years ago. Since that time, we have reduced debt by more than $200 million, significantly increased the annual cash dividend from a nickel per share to 45 cents and repurchased 27.4 million shares of stock, representing 6 percent of our common shares outstanding.

The balance sheet also is healthy. Since 2000, debt has decreased nearly 60 percent, and we finished 2004 with more than $1.1 billion in cash. This provides us the flexibility to make future acquisitions or continue returning funds to shareholders. Underscored by the progress we made in 2004, I continue to believe that over the long term, this company will generate exceptional cash flow.

Despite the challenges we faced in 2004, we made solid progress. Looking forward, the business environment in 2005 does not look that different from 2004 - we expect the global retail environment to continue to be challenging as retailers rationalize stores and prioritize inventory management. We also expect continued cost pressures with increasing oil-based resin and transportation prices, as well as other commodity and labor costs.

Against this backdrop, we have identified two overarching goals for the year: first, to drive growth globally, by continuing to turn the Barbie®brand around, while maintaining growth in our other core brands. Our efforts to grow will be aimed at better aligning with growing retail cus­tomers and continuing to develop new channels.

Barbie
•	the best-selling toy of all time
•	#1 toy for each of our top five retailers
•	#1 girls global entertainment property, according to  an annual Forbes.com ranking
•	#1 girls licensed brand
•	#1 girls website with more than 55 million visits a month

Second, we'll further tighten our supply chain. We've already begun planning for the next generation of centralizede-procurement and rationalized manufac­turing and vendor sourcing.

There is more good work to do in 2005, and it begins by connecting to children and their parents. This year, the Barbie® lineup builds on our momentum from 2004 as we continue to focus on our age segmentation strategy, based on the prin­ciple that Barbie® changes as girls change and grow. Within each age seg­ment - younger girl, transitional girl and older girl - we offer a variety of product lines with age-appropriate content.

We have made excellent progress with content-driven lines, and this year will write another chapter in the Barbie® story. As the interests of girls continue to evolve, so will Barbie®, by building content around the characters and play patterns unique to each segment, connecting with girls of all ages and providing a deeper, richer play experience.
 

The Barbie® American Idol™ line and the first-ever spring movie from Barbie® Fairytopia™should be early favorites with girls. Beyond a girl's initial connection with the doll, Barbie® continues to provide positive imagery to girls and creative out­ lets to build their confidence, self-esteem and independence.

Another consumer insight is knowing how girls connect and relate to each other, for example, through fashion. With our Barbie® apparel lines, we've made cloth­ ing so cool that a girl's friends take notice. Our strategies have translated into terrific products, like Fashion FeverrM, which we have supported with memorable commu­nications, featuring aspirational and kid­ friendly celebrities, as well as strong retail execution to drive purchases.

We also realize, however, that no one brand, despite its status as the best sell­ ing toy in the world, connects with every girl, all the time. Our other brands, like American Girl®, Polly Pocket!™, Pound Puppies®, Winx™ Cluband Little Mommy™ provide hours of fun for girls while building strong connections at vari­ous stages of their childhoods.

For boys in 2005, the Hot Wheels® brand launches AcceleRacers™, a content­ driven line that we think will revolutionize the way toy companies look at building content, from lV and web to DVDs and online games. It's a unique approach to connect kids into the story, characters and products.

Our entertainment strategy also focuses on the deep connection kids have with some of the best-loved characters. Batman™ is a global cultural phenomenon and one of the biggest superheroes in history - at the box office, in home video, in comics, with consumer products and, of course, in toys. Mattel is bringing the Batman™ franchise to life with three dis­ tinct product lines inspired by all new con­ tent across various media: a feature film, Batman BeginsTM, slated for theatrical release in June; an animated series, Batman™, on Kids' WB!; and comic books that continue to engage kids in all elements of the property and keep kids connected to the character. 

Our games business also continues to expand. Connecting the board game for­ mat to popular technology, Scene It?™ is probably the most exciting thing that has happened in the games industry in years. Scene It?™,with its flexible DVD format, allows us to create new themes and con­tinually add fresh content, making the brand relevant to both kids and adults season after season. In 2005, we'll expand Scene It?™ to include music, sports, classic lV and HBO editions.

American Girl® continues to be a shining example of connecting on a deeper level with girls and parents through content­ rich lines, from books and magazines, extending to consumer products, movies and in-store experiences. Last fall's live action, made-for-lV movie, Samantha: An American Girl Holiday, achieved excep­tional ratings and drove equally impressive sales. In 2005, we will introduce two new dolls: Mariso™l, a Hispanic girl who lives in the Chicago area and loves to dance, and Elizabeth™, the new friend of Felicity®, who will be featured in this fall's new made-for-lV movie on The WB Television Network. 

The magic of early connections for younger children will continue with learn­ ing initiatives and "edu-tainment" as we expand the success of Laugh and Learn™ and lnteracTV™, while introducing the Read With Me DVD system in collabora­tion with Scholastic Entertainment ,the global leader in children's publishing.
Fisher-Price also continues to reinvent physical play and innovate core lines.

An area in which we can build stronger connections is with retailers. As the retail landscape continues to evolve, presenting us with new challenges, our goal is to capture our fair share of toy purchases regardless of where consumers choose to shop. We continue to invest in industry­ leading customer analytical tools and in­ store merchandising support through Mattel's Retail Services representatives to further set us apart from our competitors and serve our retail customers even bet­ter. During the peak holiday season, we have more retail representatives in more stores than any other toy company to ensure our toys are well stocked and that we have maximized promotional space. It's a competitive advantage that also benefits our retail customers and, in turn, our consumers.

We also will connect through our supply chain. In 2005, as we continue optimizing manufacturing and sourcing, we will begin executing the next phase by transitioning from certain higher cost plants to our own more efficient operations. The savings from these moves, combined with a mod­est price increase that went into effect on January 1, 2005, should help mitigate the impact of expected higher commodity, component and distribution costs.

Additionally, by centralizing our global spending through e-procurement, we can consolidate purchases with low cost sup­ pliers and realize the full benefits of scale. And, with the use of digitization, we will connect toy designers with procurement specialists earlier in the development cycle, thereby building cost-advantaged components into the toy as it is created.

We'll also be connecting with consumers in more countries In 2005. We've recently opened offices to support emerging toy markets in China, Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary. And we'll continue working to gain share in the more mature markets of Western Europe and through­ out Latin America.

We are continuing to connect with employees as well, through programs like the executive seminar, the Matte l Leadership Development Center and other exciting learning opportunities for employees around the world.

For manufacturing employees, Mattel is continuing its work of connecting its glob­ al manufacturing principles to the toy industry at large. In 2004, we published our first Corporate Social Responsibility report, which also was the first such report for the toy industry.Reaching out to a variety of stakeholders and audi­ences, the report highlights how we are leading the way in ethical manufacturing through Mattel's Global Manufacturing Principles, or GMP. In fact, this year we will transition workplace audits from the proprietary Mattel model, pioneered in 1997, to industry-wide standards, which are based on Mattel's methodology.
Adopting the International Council of Toy
Industries (ICTI) CARE Process through­ out the industry will reduce auditing expenses, standardize processes and rules across plants, and help provide assurances to consumers that toys, regardless of brand, are produced in plants which comply with standards of ethical conduct and safe working and environmental conditions.

I am very proud of how Mattel connects with our communities around the world and the children who live in them. In 2005, we celebrate the re-launch of the Mattel Children's Foundation with new programs that include global grant making and exciting new community partners. Focused around our philanthropic vision of "making a meaningful difference, one child at a time," we are encouraging employees to connect to the world around them by extending a generous hand to serve those in need through volunteerism.

With the fulfillment of our multi-year, $25 million commitment to the Mattel Children's Hospital at UCLA, Mattel renews its support in 2005 by endowing the physician-in-chief position so that current chair Dr. Ed McCabe and his successors have the resources they need to lead the advancement of medicine for the world's children.

And reflecting our efforts to better connect with shareholders, Mattel has implement­ ed governance practices that have received the highest overall global rating of 10 from GovernanceMetrics International {GMI), placing us among the top 1 percent of more than 3,220 global companies.

In 2005, we will be losing a strong connection on the Board of  Directors. Ron Loeb will be retiring at this year's Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Ron has served on the Board for 35 years and has seen Mattel through its many ups and downs. He has stepped up whenever called upon, including leading the compa­ny as acting CEO during the management transition of early 2000. We will miss his advice, legal expertise, constructive criti­cism and heartfelt responsibility for connecting Mattel's past to our future success. 

Our objective for 2005 is simple - continue to build leading brands and use our strong cash flow to generate superior returns. We will work to find new and better ways to connect with our consumers, our retail customers, our employees, our communiites and with you, our shareholders.

It is crucial for all of us at Mattel to continually create, maintain and nurture these important relationships so that we achieve meaningful results and lasting success.

Robert A. Eckert
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer







 
