To Our Valued Shareholders:
It’s been said the real secret to success is sustaining it ... and that’s what McDonald’s did in 2010.
We began the year determined to build on our momentum and strengthen our brand around the world. So with the business environment still challenging—and with many others forced to hold their ground—we pushed ahead.
We dug for deeper consumer insights, aligned our strate- gies, and strengthened the pillars of our business, from our menu and restaurants to our value and convenience.
The result was another banner year for McDonald’s. Global comparable sales increased 5% in 2010—our eighth consecutive year of same store sales growth. Operating income grew 9% and we continued to gain market share around the world. In addition, we returned $5.1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends paid, and we provided a 27% return to investors for the year, ranking us third among the companies comprising the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Our success remains global, with all areas of the world contributing significantly to our results. In the U.S., comparable sales increased 3.8%, while guest count growth reached all-time highs. A record number of customers visited our restaurants and drive-thrus across the U.S., even as overall dining-out traffic remained flat. Europe grew comparable sales by 4.4% and also increased guest counts—serving 200 million more customers than the year before. Asia/ Pacific, Middle East and Africa continued to make a strong impact to our overall results with higher guest counts and 6% comparable sales growth.
We achieved all of this through our Plan to Win, which has served as our strategic blueprint for the past eight years. The plan focuses on the core drivers of our business—People, Products, Place, Price, and Promotion, or the five “P’s.” I often say the opportunity within each “P” is enormous—and we intend to go after it. To that end, we continue to focus on the right priorities to keep our brand relevant and meet the evolv- ing needs of our customers. This approach has served us remarkably well and will continue to do so in 2011 and beyond.
Jim Skinner
Vice Chairman and CEO
Operating Income
(In billions)
’10 $7.5
3-Year Compound Annual Total Return
     ’08   $6.4
  ’09   $6.8
      (2008–2010)
-2.9% -1.6%
S&P 500
DJIA
MCD 12.7%
    McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2010 1

 Our results could not have been achieved without the performance of our highly talented management team. They are focused, aligned, and committed to raising the bar in everything we do. President and Chief Operating Officer Don Thompson and our senior leadership operate with tremendous insight and a keen sense for how to drive continued growth. In addition, our exceptional Board
of Directors provides strong corporate governance and knowledgeable perspectives as we continue to deliver shareholder value.
Meanwhile, the entire McDonald’s System is thriving.
Our world-class franchisees continue to invest in their restaurants and their people in order to elevate the entire customer experience, resulting in significant increases
in cash flow. Our suppliers perform what I like to call the McDonald’s Daily Miracle—providing 32,000 restaurants an assured supply of safe, high-quality products at competitive prices, with ever improving efficiency. Lastly, our highly experienced company employees worked smarter to propel our business forward.
With the powerful alignment of our System and the Plan to Win as the foundation, we will continue our winning formula: building on the basics as we further modernize and differenti- ate the brand.
As always, running better restaurants is our number one priority. We will improve operations excellence around the world through new technology, better training, and service enhancements that will make it easier for our managers and crew to quickly and accurately serve the customer.
At the same time, our brand is more contemporary and convenient and provides great value with menus that feature all of our iconic favorites—from our Big Mac sandwiches to French fries—along with local offerings and new products that today’s consumers want. Whether it’s McWraps in Europe, Angus Burgers in Australia, or McCafé specialty coffees and smoothies in the U.S., we are strategically enhancing our menu to appeal to more customers more often.
92Consecutive months of global comparable
sales increases through December 2010
        2 McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2010

We are moving ahead with the reimaging of our restaurant interiors and exteriors to create an even more modern
and inviting dining atmosphere. Around the world, we are re-invigorating our restaurants with local and relevant new designs that keep the spirit of our brand alive and delight our guests with a fresh look and contemporary appeal.
Of course, we must continue to lead in ways that positively impact the trust in our brand. It starts with delivering
a great restaurant experience every time and extends to
a host of areas to which we are strongly committed—
from charitable giving and supporting the communities
we serve, to environmental stewardship and animal welfare. In addition, we provide our customers with a variety of menu options that address balance and choice. We will keep listening to our customers, engaging our stakeholders,
and embracing the responsibility that comes with being
a socially responsible brand.
As McDonald’s Chief Executive Officer, I am immensely proud of our performance and confident in our ability to continue our growth. The secret to our success is staying focused on the execution in our restaurants on behalf of our customers.
As always, thank you for your investment in McDonald’s.
I appreciate your support and look forward to sharing further success with you.
Sincerely,
Jim Skinner
Vice Chairman and CEO
Combined Operating Margin
Earnings Per Share
Dividends Paid
(In billions)
 ’08   27.4%
  ’09   30.1%
  ’10   31.0%
    ’08   $3.76
  ’09   $4.11
  ’10   $4.58
    ’08   $1.8
  ’09   $2.2
  ’10   $2.4
 McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2010 3

Dear Fellow Shareholders:
McDonald’s Corporation achieved another year of strong results in 2010, as we continued to strengthen our connection with customers around the world.
We maintained our momentum and increased sales amid
a still challenging environment for many. Working within the framework of our proven Plan to Win strategy, McDonald’s showed flexibility, decisiveness, and strong business acumen in meeting the evolving needs of consumers and staying in step with their lives.
Your Board of Directors believes this is a testament to the strength of the McDonald’s System, what we refer to as our “three-legged stool.” Under the leadership of Vice Chairman and CEO Jim Skinner, all three legs of the stool—franchisees, suppliers and employees—continue to be firmly aligned behind the Plan to Win. This stability has been key to sustaining McDonald’s successful performance and to achieving an impressive eight years of increasing global comparable sales.
Jim continues to lead our company with tremendous skill and a deep passion for the brand. His global leadership team, with its deep insights into the operation of our three-legged stool, gives us a true competitive advantage in our efforts to evolve and elevate the McDonald’s customer experience.
The Board of Directors is pleased with McDonald’s performance and its plans moving forward. We believe the company has a clear vision—and the right people and strategies in place—for building our business even further and delivering profitable growth into the future.
As to our Board responsibilities, we remain committed to overseeing the company’s direction and promoting strong corporate governance principles and effective management oversight. Our team of experienced and diverse directors is eager to continue doing its part to help strengthen McDonald’s and deliver shareholder value.
It is our honor and privilege to serve on behalf of you,
our shareholders, and we look forward to the days ahead for this great brand.
Very truly yours,
Andy McKenna
Chairman
Andy McKenna
Chairman
          4 McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2010
