 To Our Valued Shareholders:
Jim Skinner, Chief Executive Officer (left)
Ralph Alvarez, President and Chief Operating Officer (right)
I’ve been thinking a lot lately about a quote from Thomas Alva Edison, one of America’s greatest inventors.
“Opportunity is missed by most people,” he observed, “because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.”
I believe Mr. Edison was reminding us that lightning really doesn’t come in a bottle — and that overnight successes are very much the exception to the rule, not the norm.
At McDonald’s, success has always involved a not-so-profound formula involving one-part inspiration and four-parts perspiration.
Our founder, Ray Kroc, coined the phrase “grinding it out” to characterize the determination and attention to detail that is required to be successful in our industry. “Grinding it out” was his way of saying the restaurant business is, and always will be,
a labor-intensive operation.
It was hard work and determination that built McDonald’s — and today, those same qualities drive our success.
As this Annual Report indicates, 2008 was a banner year for McDonald’s. Revenues increased to a record $23.5 billion ... global comparable sales increased 6.9 percent and we marked our 68th consecutive monthly increase ... operating income and earnings per share rose 17 and 15 percent, respectively (excluding the 2007 Latin America transaction) ... and we returned $5.8 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends paid.
REVENUES
06 07 08
$20.9 $22.8
$23.5
   In billions.

These financial results are among the best in our Company’s history. Significantly, in a year when nearly every investment suffered, when the Dow fell 34 percent and the S&P lost nearly 39 percent
of its total shareholder value, your investment in McDonald’s increased by nearly 6 percent. In fact, McDonald’s was one of only two companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average to post a gain.
OUR HARD WORK PAID OFF IN 2008.
We are confident we can sustain this success going forward because our entire McDonald’s System — comprised of the industry’s best franchisees, suppliers and employees — continues to focus on delivering long-term profitable growth.
This process began nearly six years ago, when McDonald’s embraced a strategy focused
on restaurant operations and our cornerstones of quality, service, cleanliness and value.
“Better, not just bigger” became our mantra, and the customer-centric Plan to Win became our playbook.
This same strategy continues today ... in 32,000 McDonald’s restaurants around the world. Every decision we make, whether it affects thousands of restaurants or just one, has customer relevance as its primary driver.
Whether it involves adding more choices and variety ... improving our operational excellence ... making our restaurants more convenient and more inviting ... or enhancing our value proposition across the menu, we take our cue from customers.
 2 McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2008
68
Consecutive months of positive global comparable
sales through December 2008
THEY SPEAK. WE LISTEN.
58Million Customers served
on average each day
In 2003, McDonald’s served an average of 47 million customers a day. In 2008, our average increased
to 58 million customers a day—an increase of about 25 percent in just five years.
Our 5,000 franchisees worldwide, who own and operate 80 percent of our restaurants, display outstanding leadership in their restaurants and

communities. Our managers and crew are serving customers better than ever, as measured through our Customer Satisfaction Opportunity scores.
Our unparalleled global supply chain enables us
to obtain the quality and quantity of ingredients we need at competitive and predictable prices. The collaborative relationship we have with our suppliers is a true competitive advantage, especially in today’s environment, and a key reason why we continue to achieve industry-leading restaurant-level profitability.
We believe the strategies we have in place continue to be exactly right for our business ... and, in
the future, will enable us to seize opportunities when others can’t.
I am immensely proud to be a part of this McDonald’s team. Six years ago, to recall Mr. Edison, we did not let opportunity pass us by. We rolled up our sleeves and worked together to restore pride and prosperity to the McDonald’s brand. Looking ahead to 2009 and beyond, I am confident we will maintain our momentum by continuing to focus on our customers, our restaurants and our strategy of being “better, not just bigger.”
As always, thank you for your investment in McDonald’s. We appreciate the trust you have in our Company, and we are working hard to keep it.
Sincerely,
Jim Skinner
Vice Chairman and CEO
CASH GENERATED BY OPERATIONS
06 07 08
In billions.
$4.3 $4.9
$5.9
   And our talented, experienced employees, led by President and Chief Operating Officer Ralph Alvarez and his global management team, have kept McDonald’s strategically focused on the Plan to Win.
In addition, strong financial management contributes to our profitability and returns. Whether it involves controlling our costs or investing to grow our business, McDonald’s disciplined approach provides flexibility and strength in these unprecedented financial markets. This is reflected in our healthy balance sheet and the highest credit rating in the restaurant industry, which allows us to have ready access to capital when we need it. Our financial strength is also a positive for our owner/operators and suppliers, who continue to have access to the credit needed to reinvest in their businesses.
  CASH RETURNED TO SHAREHOLDERS
06 07 08
Through dividends and share repurchases. In billions.
$4.9
$5.7
$5.8
   McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2008 3
