To Our Valued Shareholders:
It’s a privilege to serve great-tasting, high-quality food and beverages with the speed and convenience expected by almost 70 million daily customers in 119 countries — and we don’t take it for granted.
Our unique business model — comprised of the best franchisees, excellent suppliers and talented employees — is the reason McDonald’s is the world’s largest quick-service restaurant brand. It’s also the reason we continued to grow in 2013. Global comparable sales increased 0.2%, and Systemwide sales were up 3%*. We increased operating income 3%* and diluted earnings per share 4%*. And, we invested approximately $2.8 billion in new and existing restaurants.
We also remain committed to returning all free cash ow to shareholders. In 2013, we returned $4.9 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Though McDonald’s continued to grow, our performance fell short of our high expectations this past year. Challenging conditions — including a at or contracting informal eating out category in most of our major markets, increased competitive activity and consumer price sensitivity—impacted our results. In addition, some of our customer-facing initiatives didn’t generate the comparable sales lift and incremental guest visits needed to overcome external pressures in today’s highly fragmented marketplace.
We’re addressing near-term performance by optimizing current initiatives for broader reach and better execution, while appropriately investing to meet future demand. As we look forward, I remain con dent in the underlying strength of our System and business model. Yes, for us, this is about our scale. It’s also about our sizeable marketing presence, our industry-leading cash ow and the ef ciencies we’re able to capture as a result.
Building on our strengths to generate enduring, profitable growth
Our desire to ensure the McDonald’s experience consistently delivers on our trademark QSC&V—
Quality, Service, Cleanliness & Value — remains a top priority. We’re also building on the competitive advantages inherent in our business model and focusing on the drivers within our control. Around the world we’re:
• Balancing core classics and new menu choices. We’re focusing on timeless favorites such as the Big Mac, Egg McMuf n and our World Famous Fries while broadening our appeal with new menu options in the categories where we believe the most growth opportunity exists: beef, chicken, beverages and

breakfast.
• Focused on improving customer service. We often say that the interaction between our customers and our crew at the front counter or drive-thru is the “moment of truth.” Emphasizing important elements of the service experience — like the staf ng, scheduling and positioning of our crew — enables us to deliver at that all-important moment, and also improves the restaurant’s overall capacity for change.
• Ensuring we provide affordable options across our menu. We are strengthening our value platforms as we maintain an emphasis on this foundational element of our brand promise and a key driver of the customer experience.
• Keeping our restaurants contemporary.
With more than 1,500 re-images in 2013, nearly 60% of McDonald’s restaurants now have more modern interiors and exteriors.
• Growing to the real market opportunity.
We opened more than 1,400 restaurants in both established and emerging markets last year.
As our customers evolve, so must we. We’re drawing on deeper consumer insights to better understand their changing preferences. And, we’re applying these learnings across all our actions—from restaurant execution and operations innovation to marketing and menu.
*in constant currencies
McDonald’s Corporation 2013 Annual Report | i
Giving customers more reasons to choose McDonald’s, more often
We’re placing greater emphasis on strengthening our relationship with our customers. We’re focused on what motivates them — and closely aligning our global growth priorities with the reasons they choose McDonald’s. That means serving great-tasting food and beverages, creating memorable experiences within and beyond our restaurants, and offering unparalleled convenience from a brand they respect and trust.
While our growth priorities are a global framework, markets have different areas of focus based on their customers’ needs. Our decentralized approach is truly an enviable local market structure that provides grass-roots knowledge to help us better execute local initiatives and programs that resonate with our

customers.
For example, the U.S. is focusing on breakfast by building on the advances we made in 2013 with the introduction of the delicious Egg White Delight McMuf n — while also enhancing customer service. Europe continues to strategically grow the McCafé brand, emphasize affordability through mid-priced bundles like France’s two-item Le Casse Croute, and build on investments in technology to advance digital efforts within the context of our newly formed global digital strategy. And, in Asia/Paci c, Middle East and Africa, we’re concentrating on getting the right value platforms in place and growing brand extensions such as delivery and McCafé. Our ability to learn, share and scale best thinking across geographies is truly a testament to our unique business model.
Making an impact, growing our business
Our brand and our business are inextricably linked. We are excited about the more focused and ambitious way we’re leveraging our brand as we accelerate our growth.
The work we’re doing across the broad spectrum of social responsibility and sustainability underpins our belief that holistic and outcome-based actions can deliver the most meaningful impact for our customers
and the business. I’m especially proud of the advances we made last year. We partnered with the Alliance for a Healthier Generation, founded by the American Heart Association and the Clinton Foundation, and committed to increase customers’ access to fruit and vegetables in 20 of our top markets. Working together with organizations, including the World Wildlife Fund, we advanced our commitment to sustainable sourcing, including the eventual purchase of sustainable beef. And, as founding members of the Global Roundtable for Sustainable Beef, we’re helping to develop globally accepted principles and criteria.
Of course, we never forget that it’s our people who make the difference — to us as a company, and to our approximately 70 million daily customers. Whether we’re providing a teenager with a rst job or equipping a new manager with skills to run one of our 35,000 restaurants, we’re honored to provide resources that open the doors of opportunity for learning, training and advancement to the estimated 1.8 million employees in our company- owned and franchised restaurants worldwide.
Leading in new ways

In today’s rapidly shifting marketplace, great brands like McDonald’s must lead in new ways. While change is our biggest challenge, it’s also our greatest opportunity. Change is our chance to get better. Stronger. Even more relevant and memorable to the customers we serve. That’s our commitment, because our customers are the heart and soul of who we are, as one System.
On behalf of the entire McDonald’s System, thank you for your support and con dence in our ongoing effort to deliver strong shareholder value. We’re grateful for your partnership and investment in our enduring brand— and we’re committed to satisfying each customer who chooses McDonald’s.
Sincerely,
Don Thompson
President and CEO
