 To Our Valued Shareholders:
To state the obvious, 2009 was a tumultuous year economically.
Despite this tough environment, McDonald’s delivered another exceptional year of growth, posting strong sales and increased market share around the world. In 2009, global comparable sales increased 3.8 percent, fueled by solid gains in the United States (+2.6 percent), Europe (+5.2 percent), Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa (+3.4 percent), Latin America (+5.3 percent) and Canada (+5.8 percent). Earnings per share for the year increased 9 percent to $4.11 (13 percent in constant currencies), while consolidated operating income increased 6 percent (10 percent in constant currencies).
We also returned $5.1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends paid, bringing our three-year cash return total to $16.6 billion—notably at the high end of our stated target
of $15 to $17 billion for the years 2007 through 2009.
Concerning McDonald’s performance, there are three milestones that I want to recognize:
First, our 2009 comparable sales increase marked the sixth consecutive year of positive sales in every geographic segment of our business.
Second, our increasingly relevant menu options, combined with clear competitive advantages in convenience and value, enabled us to serve 60 million customers per day last year. This is up
2 million from the prior year and a remarkable 14 million more per day compared to 2002.
Third, as a result of these sustained operating results, McDonald’s total stock return for the three-year period ending in 2009 was ranked number one among the 30 blue-chip companies that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
These singular achievements relate directly to our historic decision in 2003 to reinvent McDonald’s by becoming “better, not just bigger.” I say historic because we could not have made a more wise decision for our System than to implement our Plan to Win and refocus our efforts on restaurant execution—with the goal of improving the overall experience for our customers.
There is nothing profound about our Plan to Win. It essentially identifies the five core drivers of our business—people, products, place, price and promotion—and aligns our industry-leading owner/operators, world-class suppliers and talented, experienced employees around initiatives that drive results.
Jim Skinner
Vice Chairman and CEO
Operating Income
(In billions)
* Includes $1.7 billion of charges related to the Latin America developmental license transaction.
3-year Compound Annual Total Return
(2007–2009)
                                                                 1 McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2009

 As we survey the business and competitive landscape today, it’s clear our investment in the Plan to Win has paid off. We are operating from a position of strength and continue to become more relevant
in the lives of our customers.
It’s also remarkable how our Company culture has evolved since we initiated our Plan to Win.
Today, we are aligned throughout the System. We have a leadership culture that embraces change and rejects complacency. We are continually focused on what’s working and then leveraging our scale around the world for the overall good of our customers and our System.
For example, our intense effort on restaurant reimaging, which initially excited customers in Europe, is now a foundational element of each Area of the World business plan. Similarly, our successful value menu, pioneered so well in the United States, now appears on McDonald’s menu boards throughout the world.
From restaurant operations to marketing ... from consumer insights to menu management ... in virtually every aspect of our business ... we are continually improving and will never be satisfied. We truly are “better, not just bigger.”
Looking ahead, we see tremendous opportunity for brand McDonald’s, an opportunity to further differentiate our brand and truly distance ourselves from the rest of the industry. We bring to the table what no one else can—a scale advantage in voice, convenience and cost; a brand advantage in predictable value, family fun and familiar taste. We also have a balance sheet and cash flows that are strong and support our ability to continue investing in our business.
We’re determined to build on our competitive advantages, investing in our brand to energize future performance.
We will continue to pursue opportunities to extend our relevance with a particular emphasis on three key areas: service enhancements, restaurant reimaging and menu innovation. With service, we will leverage technology to make it easier for managers and crew to quickly and accurately serve the customer. To enhance brand perception and drive higher sales and returns, we’re accelerating our interior and exterior reimaging efforts around the world. And
we will innovate at every tier of our menu to sustain our momentum and create excitement for our customers. This is just one
more step on our journey to modernize our brand and improve customer relevance.
80
Consecutive months
of global comparable sales increases through December 2009
60
   million Customers served
on average every day
    2 McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2009

In addition to our customer-focused strategies, our success is the direct result of our people—our owner/operators, suppliers and Company employees. The best plans are only as good as the people who execute them. That’s why our efforts around talent management and leadership development are so important.
Our collaborative management approach has resulted in the strongest global leadership team in McDonald’s history. Because of the constant cross-fertilization of ideas and innovations, our leaders are better able to assume new challenges and responsibilities
on behalf of the Company.
This was most recently demonstrated in the election of Don Thompson as President and Chief Operating Officer. In his previous role as President of McDonald’s USA, he worked side by side with his counterparts on the global leadership team and became familiar with their challenges and successes. Don has hit the ground running in his new role and I’m confident he will add extraordinary value as we work to further differentiate brand McDonald’s.
Clearly, we have a strong and deep bench of talent; people who are ready to step in and step up to every challenge and opportunity. They can be found at every level of our global System ... in our restaurants, among the ranks of our outstanding franchisees and suppliers as well as inside our Company. Collectively, they personify an evolving leadership approach that continues to elevate our brand and drive our growth.
As McDonald’s Chief Executive Officer, I am delighted to provide you these highlights. I take considerable pride in our people and performance. We’re determined to keep stretching our business, increasing traffic, and going to where our customers are headed. And we will continue to work hard to deliver sustainable business results for the long-term benefit of our shareholders.
Thank you for your investment. Sincerely,
Jim Skinner
Vice Chairman and CEO
Combined Operating Margin
(Operating income as a percent of total revenues)
*Includes 7.4 percentage point negative impact related to the Latin America developmental license transaction.
Cash Returned to Shareholders*
(In billions)
*Via dividends and share repurchases.
Earnings Per Share
* Includes $1.3 2 of charges related to the Latin America developmental license transaction.
                                                                                                              3 McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2009

Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Your Board of Directors is pleased to report that McDonald’s Corporation continued to perform well in 2009, despite a difficult economic environment around the world.
In a year when sales in the Informal Eating Out segment declined, McDonald’s continued to execute our Plan to Win ... and sales increased.
We believe that McDonald’s performance under these circumstances is due in large part to the commitment and experience of your senior management team, led by Jim Skinner, Vice Chairman and CEO. Jim is a strong leader and a tireless advocate for McDonald’s customers and for our shareholders.
McDonald’s is well positioned to elevate our industry leadership. Management’s ongoing focus on enhancing long-term profitable growth, giving constant attention to talent management and leadership development, and continuing to provide relevant offerings and support balanced lifestyles all contribute to the Company’s continued success. And while we cannot control outside economic conditions, we can—and do—control how we manage our future and achieve our goals.
Your Board of Directors is mindful of our obligation to serve as representatives for you, our shareholders. We pay special attention to our responsibility to keep your interests in mind as we review the Company’s performance and plans. We believe McDonald’s continues to operate under a clear strategic business vision for the decade ahead, and that our people work diligently and enthusiastically executing our plans.
Finally, the Board is also responsible for promoting strong corporate governance principles and effective management oversight.
Our team of directors, who bring a range of independent and experienced voices to our deliberations, is diligent in executing these responsibilities. And as always, we remain united in our commitment to deliver shareholder value.
We are honored to serve you, and believe that McDonald’s best days lie ahead.
Very truly yours,
Andy McKenna
Chairman
Andy McKenna
Chairman
            4 McDonald’s Corporation Annual Report 2009
