To Our Valued Shareholders:
It is an honour to assume the role of CEO for this iconic global brand that serves approximately 69 million customers in more than 100 countries every day. I’m privileged to lead this network of outstanding franchisees, supplier partners and company employees, all committed to delivering the very best customer experience.
By our standards, McDonald’s 2014 nancial performance was disappointing. While we grew systemwide sales by 1%*, global comparable sales decreased 1% and operating income declined 8%*.
We faced signi cant challenges – some of which were anticipated, while others were not. Our 2015 plans address those challenges as we reset the business: how we think, how we make decisions and how we organise to put consumers at the forefront of everything we do. We will hold ourselves more accountable for tangible results and judge performance by our ability to drive growth.
Our approach is multi-dimensional, acknowledging the uniqueness of our individual markets through both near- and longer-term actions as we strive to become a more contemporary brand. We will improve the Quality, Service, Cleanliness and Value that are hallmarks of the McDonald’s brand as we strive to run better restaurants. At the same time, we are taking bigger, bolder actions to connect more deeply with consumers and improve critical aspects of our business – including our menu, the customer experience and brand trust.
We are strengthening our menu pipeline and localising menu and marketing efforts to be more locally relevant to consumers
in individual countries and regions. For example, we are giving customers even greater exibility to customise their orders as we roll out platforms like Create Your Taste across Australia and in parts of the U.S.
* in constant currencies
We are also building on the investment we’ve made in technology to further modernise the restaurant experience and make
it more convenient and contemporary – within and beyond
the restaurant. That’s why we’re scaling multiple order-point strategies such as self-order kiosks, mobile order and pay, web order, delivery and table service. It’s also why we’ve signi cantly accelerated efforts to create more personal connections with consumers under the umbrella of a global digital strategy.
Meanwhile, we remain committed to actions that strengthen consumers’ trust in McDonald’s. In addition to actively addressing food quality and perceptions, we are making meaningful progress toward the goals articulated in our global sustainability framework introduced in 2014. We also give back to the thousands
of communities worldwide where we and our independent franchisees operate McDonald’s restaurants.
I’m con dent we are taking the right actions to assert McDonald’s as a modern, progressive

burger restaurant; one that delivers outstanding food and beverages at a great value with the ease and convenience our customers expect. We will emerge from this time of transition more responsive to customer expectations and market conditions and better able to deliver enduring, pro table growth for our franchisees, suppliers, company and shareholders.
Thank you for your investment. I look forward to McDonald’s next chapter.
Steve Easterbrook
President and CEO
