 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Your Board of Directors is pleased with the Company’s performance, achieved once again in a challenging economic environment. Maintaining success requires strong plans, adept leadership, and unwavering alignment — all of which McDonald’s continues to demonstrate.
The Plan to Win remains the guiding strategy for the McDonald’s System and continues to keep us focused on the customer and elevating the entire dining experience. Around the world, we are delivering on the Plan in highly local ways — from our menus to our marketing — helping to make us a more relevant and meaningful brand in all the communities we serve. Our System partners are as uni ed as ever, with our franchisees, suppliers, and employees all working together toward our shared goals under the Plan to Win.
Vice Chairman and CEO Jim Skinner and his global leadership team continue to direct the Company in an outstanding manner. Jim is a passionate brand advocate and skilled manager of our business, with a team that is talented, seasoned, and aligned. This strong continuity of management—and the consistency, stability, and focus it brings— has been instrumental in our ongoing success.
Taking all of this into account, we believe in McDonald’s ability to keep achieving results and delivering shareholder value. With a focus on the right priorities and plans, the right people in place, and a commitment to the highest level of execution, the Company is well-positioned to drive the business further and achieve continued pro table growth.
Our Board — comprised of diverse and experienced leaders across the business landscape—remains committed to overseeing the Company’s direction and promoting strong corporate governance. We eagerly embrace our responsibilities to help ensure the strength of this
great brand moving forward.
Speaking on behalf of the Board of Directors, it is an honor and privilege to serve you, our shareholders.
Very truly yours,
 McDonald’s Corporation continued its strong momentum in 2011, as we stayed focused on delivering an outstanding experience for
our customers across the globe.

Andy McKenna
Chairman
