Contents

Annual Report 2015

What we think
A unified approach

With nearly 30 years of experience delivering high-quality events and meetings, expanding our business across the globe and acquiring established brands, we are stronger than ever in providing our clients with unmatched solutions and unique offerings to meet their various needs and challenges. Our expertise and capabilities are based on the quality of the communities we have created, nurturing long-term relationships with local and global clients, partners and our people. Our company's DNA is bringing people together to build communities and creating unforgettable experiences, which we express in our belief that when people come together, magic happens. For that reason, we will continue engaging with audiences before, during and after the event to improve performance and drive momentum in the meetings, incentives, conferences and events industry. Technology is changing the way we help clients meet their business objectives and build local communities around their brands, so it is equally important to leverage new technology when engaging with them online and offline too.

Looking forward, it is essential to maintain our agile and flexible approach, the same approach which enabled us, since 1987, to sail through worldwide changing economic cycles in each of our regions. By fostering change, inspiring, educating and motivating people, we can build empowering communities with our clients, strategically engaging their audiences to boost growth, value and results. To do this, we will firstly continue forging deep client relationships using a strong community-based approach. Secondly, we will strengthen our world-class company culture to celebrate entrepreneurial creativity, reaffirm our sustainability principles and focus on results. Finally, we will look into structuring and investing in our digital, content and creative services that already represent a quarter of our revenues. I look forward to taking these steps forward by uniting our company, our people, our clients, our partners and the wider industry, to continue driving performance and achieving better business results harnessing the power of community.

What we think
page 3

Who we are
page 4

Why we exist
page 5

What we do
page 6

Unlocking client opportunities
page 8

Sebastien Tondeur Chief Executive Officer, MCI Group

MCI ­ a global brand
page 22

How we are doing
page 30

Our people
page 36

How we behave
page 42

Join the conversation
page 46

Page 3 - What we think

" Our Company's DNA is bringing people together."

