Dear Stockholders, I am pleased to report that McKesson completed a strong fiscal 2014, making great strides in our mission to bring better health to our customers and the millions of patients they serve. We extended our steady track record of top-line growth, recording revenues of $137.6 billion compared to $122.1 billion in fiscal 2013 and translating our strong top-line results into even stronger adjusted earnings per diluted share (Adjusted EPS) growth. Our fiscal 2014 Adjusted EPS of $8.35 represents a 31% increase over last year, contributing to a 17% compound annual growth rate since fiscal 2007.

As we begin a new, global chapter in our company's remarkable history, I could not be more excited about our outlook.

We earn our industry-leading position every day by delivering exceptional value to our customers and suppliers, and we are proud of the robust partnerships we forge across every sector. We deepened many of these relationships in fiscal 2014, including a new five-year agreement with the Rite Aid Corporation for expanded distribution of both brand and generic pharmaceuticals, and recognition from Wal-Mart as a Supplier of the Year for our exceptional teamwork and partnership. At the same time, our technology businesses continued to make progress in repositioning themselves to address our customers' evolving needs. We realigned our technology portfolio to focus greater attention on emerging markets, including analytics, connectivity solutions, and tools and services that support value-based care models, while divesting businesses that are no longer core to our customers' strategies. We saw particular strength in our connectivity and payer-facing businesses, which we believe represent the growth engines for our technology segment going forward. Against the backdrop of these important advances in North America, clearly the most significant event of the year was our acquisition of a majority stake in Celesio AG, a leading international wholesale and retail company and provider of logistics and services to the pharmaceutical and healthcare sectors. This acquisition will strengthen our ability to compete in an increasingly global industry, while providing the scale and reach our customers and manufacturing partners need to improve their efficiency. In response to your feedback, we also made important modifications to our corporate governance practices in fiscal 2014, including the appointment of Edward A. Mueller as our first lead independent director; the addition of a new independent director, N. Anthony Coles; the reassignment of several committee leadership roles; and numerous adjustments to our compensation policies. We believe these steps further align management's interests with your interests and demonstrate our ongoing commitment to active stockholder dialogue and Board responsiveness. As we begin a new, global chapter in our company's remarkable history, I could not be more excited about our outlook. Guided by our ICARE Shared Principles, we continue to innovate in ways that are helping to create a healthier future for our customers and their patients, while supporting the transformation of our industry. It is an honor to lead an organization that is so focused on what is important and what is right, with bold aspirations to bring better health to all. On behalf of the entire corporation, thank you for your commitment to McKesson.

John H. Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer McKesson Corporation

