Dear Shareholders: I am pleased to report that McKesson completed a strong Fiscal 2015 as we helped our customers improve their performance in the name of better patient care. We extended our steady track record of top-line growth, recording revenues of $179 billion compared to $137.4 billion in Fiscal 2014. Our Fiscal 2015 Adjusted EPS of $11.11* represents a 29% increase over last year, contributing to a 17% compound annual growth rate since Fiscal 2009. For 182 years, McKesson has been a leader in healthcare services. And while we are very proud of our history, we could not be more excited about the promise of our future. Our business model, our strategy and our performance position us for continued growth, increased scale, and deeper relationships with our customers and our supplier and manufacturer partners. In Business for Better Health As a company, we believe that better business health and better patient health are inextricably linked. To achieve one means to succeed in the other. And we know that the only way to accomplish both is to join efforts across the industry to work together with all parties to deliver better, safer care. McKesson pursues this purpose across three broad dimensions. First, we focus on business health. Through our distribution and technology solutions, we help our customers improve the efficiency and effectiveness of their healthcare operations, because a hospital, clinic or pharmacy that runs smoothly can provide patients with more consistent, convenient and cost-effective services. Second, we focus on care. The science of medicine and the art of care have never been more advanced or complex. By truly understanding the process of care delivery across virtually every healthcare setting, we are able to offer solutions that give providers access to the right information and the right medication or medical tools at the right time, so they can provide the clinical care, focus and support that patients need. Third, we focus on connectivity. The sheer size and scale of healthcare demands new ways to improve the flow of information among all parts of the healthcare ecosystem. From the manufacturer, to the hospital, to the pharmacy, to the payer, and ultimately to the patient, better access to and management of information enables high-quality care at a lower cost. Our leadership role in the CommonWell Health Alliance, a not-for-profit association of healthcare companies working to create universal access to healthcare data, is just the latest example of our pioneering work to improve connectivity across every setting of care. Clearly, the business of healthcare is evolving at an unprecedented pace. In the face of so much change, our customers are looking to McKesson more than ever to provide the resources, scale and expertise that will position them for continued health and vitality. Fiscal 2015: Expanding Our Scale and Strength Against this backdrop, we drove progress in several key areas over the past year that position McKesson as a partner of choice for our customers and an investment of choice for our shareholders. Increasing Our Global Scale At the top of the list, achieving operational control of Celesio was a major step in our strategy to expand the scale and strength of our global supply chain. In Fiscal 2014, we acquired Celesio, a German company that provides logistics and services to the pharmaceutical and healthcare sectors primarily in Europe. Like McKesson, Celesio has a long, successful history in pharmaceutical distribution and a customer-first approach. Together, we are one of the

$179B

Revenues

Adjusted EPS * increase

29%

Compound Annual Growth Rate
Since Fiscal 2009

17%

*See Appendix A to this 2015 Annual Report for a reconciliation of earnings per share as reported under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") to adjusted earnings per share. Non-GAAP measures such as adjusted earnings per share and adjusted operating profit should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP.

largest pharmaceutical wholesalers and providers of logistics and services in the healthcare sector worldwide, with purchasing scale that drives value for our customers and shareholders. At the same time, McKesson and Celesio have much to offer each other beyond scale advantages. McKesson has best-in-class operational practices for supply chain management that will help strengthen Celesio's performance and profitability. Celesio, in turn, offers deep experience in retail that will help McKesson provide even greater value to our retail pharmacy partners in North America. With the addition of our Lloyd's pharmacy brand in Europe, McKesson is now one of the largest pharmacy retailers in Europe. We estimate annual synergies of $275­$325 million of our combined operations by the end of Fiscal 2019, and we are well on track to achieve that goal through a combination of procurement and operational efficiencies. Helping Our Retail Pharmacy Partners Thrive We are a strong partner to our retail and independent pharmacy customers, and our business strategy is focused on helping them thrive. We value our partnerships with independent pharmacies and are always looking for new ways to deepen our relationships. In Fiscal 2015, we added more than 500 new Health Mart stores and increased our presence in the Canadian market with the acquisition of Remedy, that nation's fastest-growing independent pharmacy network. Enhancing Manufacturer Relationships Our focus is on our customers and the patients they serve, but we simply could not be as successful as we are today without the long-term and healthy relationships we have with our manufacturing partners. Our supplier partners play a key role in our ongoing growth, and we work hard to add value to their business models. For example, in the specialty market, we have taken advantage of opportunities to expand value-added services to manufacturers, including offering multiple distribution channels, a distinctive go-to market approach and clinical trial access to our network of oncology physicians. Leading in Specialty The specialty market continues to expand, and McKesson is proud to be a leader in the distribution of specialty drugs to physicians and other healthcare providers throughout the U.S. In addition to distribution services, our Specialty business supports our manufacturing partners with additional offerings, including comprehensive programs for clinical trial research and commercialization. This business delivered excellent results with growth across its broad portfolio of solutions. In Fiscal 2015, we continued to add physicians to our US Oncology Network, one of the nation's largest networks of integrated, community-based oncology practices dedicated to advancing high-quality, evidence-based cancer care. An important development in the coming year will be the emergence of biosimilars in the United States. McKesson is well positioned to support our customers and manufacturing partners as this new category is introduced in the U.S. market. Extending Medical-Surgical Market Leadership In our Medical-Surgical business, we continued to make great progress on the integration of PSS World Medical. In Fiscal 2015, our team did a tremendous amount of work to harmonize our distribution network, product portfolio and general operations. We are pleased to have successfully increased our market share while expanding the support we provide to our Medical-Surgical customers. Focusing on Innovation and Technology Innovative technology is playing an increasingly important role in healthcare. The shift to value-based reimbursement, combined with increasing consumerism and the proliferation of alternative, technology-enabled caredelivery services, is reshaping the landscape for healthcare information technology. In response to these emerging needs, our Technology Solutions businesses are focused on several areas we know are crucial to our customers' future success: connectivity, imaging solutions, payer and financial solutions, and provider revenue and risk management. These are the areas where we are best positioned to help our customers and business partners navigate the changing landscape of healthcare to emerge as stronger, more efficient organizations.

Our Greatest Advantage: Our People Looking toward the future, the challenges and opportunities may be different from the ones we have previously faced, but the recipe for our success remains unchanged: by helping our customers succeed, so do we. We have an organization filled with people of diverse backgrounds who are committed to this philosophy. They work at McKesson because they want to make a difference. They want to improve, extend and save lives by helping doctors, pharmacies, hospitals and others across healthcare perform at the highest level. This commitment starts at the top, with our executive leadership team. We have an exceptionally talented, experienced and strategic team of leaders with a strong bench of talent behind them. We welcomed two new members to our Executive Committee this year: Lori Schechter, executive vice president, general counsel and chief compliance officer, and Bansi Nagji, executive vice president for corporate strategy and business development. Both of these talented executives bring tremendous experience and a history of accomplishment to their new roles. We also added three new directors in Fiscal 2015, and their strong business and healthcare backgrounds add great perspectives and experience to our Board. Our management team has historically mapped out an ambitious strategy for growth and then executed against that strategy to deliver the value our customers and shareholders expect of us. There are few companies in our industry that can match our consistent record of growth and performance. From our strategy to our proven and experienced leadership team and our remarkable performance, I think you will agree that the future of our company is very bright. We stand out as a business dedicated to an important mission and guided by a deeply held value system. We are humble, we learn from our failures and we are grateful for our success. For nearly two centuries, we have been creating a healthier future for our customers and their patients. As one of the largest pharmaceutical wholesalers and providers of healthcare services in the world, we are excited by the opportunities that lie ahead for our company, our customers and our investors. On behalf of the entire organization, thank you for your commitment to McKesson.

John H. Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer McKesson Corporation

