Dear Fellow Stockholders:
I am pleased to report that McKesson delivered strong results in fiscal 2010, an achievement made all the more remarkable by the challenging economic environment we faced coming into the year.
Rarely in our 177-year history has the Company experienced an era like the present -- one that offers so many opportunities for success and growth in the healthcare industry, while presenting so many questions about the path forward. An important lesson to be learned from our long and successful history is that change presents opportunities, and I can say with confidence that we are well positioned to thrive in the years ahead. Five factors support my positive outlook for fiscal 2011 and beyond: 1. Expanding Market for Pharmaceuticals and Medical Supplies In addition to the demographic shifts driving long-term demand for pharmaceuticals, the pharmaceutical market is expected to expand in the coming years due to the new Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which will add approximately 32 million new patients to the healthcare system over the next decade. The legislation also seeks to lower healthcare costs, and pharmaceuticals offer one of the most cost-effective ways to treat many illnesses and chronic conditions. As the nation's leading distributor of pharmaceuticals and medical-surgical supplies, one with unique solutions for enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of the delivery process for these products, we stand to benefit from these market trends. 2. Growing Demand for Healthcare Information Technology The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act offers incentives totaling approximately $19 billion to care providers who adopt healthcare information technology (HIT). McKesson can help providers qualify for these funds with our marketleading clinical systems, analytics, and connectivity solutions. The need for HIT is also expected to rise due to increased reporting requirements, initiatives to prevent hospital re-admissions, and complex insurance reimbursement methods. We believe that our unmatched HIT solution portfolio positions us extremely well to meet these demands. 3. Deep Customer Relationships With so much change occurring in healthcare, customers are looking for strategic partners who can help them improve their financial, operational, and clinical performance. As reflected in our fiscal 2010 results, McKesson has been successful at building broad and deep customer relationships in all areas of healthcare. These long-lasting partnerships open doors to new opportunities with existing customers, and they help the Company secure new business. 4. Strong Balance Sheet and Financial Flexibility Solid operating profit, significant cash flow, and a strong balance sheet give McKesson the ability to deploy capital for acquisitions, share repurchases, and dividends. Our financial strength also allows us to invest in research and development, infrastructure, and strategic initiatives that enhance our competitive position in the markets we serve. 5. Proven Leadership Team with a Track Record of Superior Performance Our experienced executive team has consistently proven its ability to overcome challenges, exercise financial discipline, and successfully execute on opportunities to increase stockholder value. Since March 31, 2006, our revenues have increased from $87.0 billion to $108.7 billion, a compound annual growth rate of 5.7%, and diluted earnings per share, excluding adjustments for litigation charges (credits) net, has increased from $2.48 to $4.58, a compound annual growth rate of 16.6%. Reflecting our earnings per share growth, McKesson's stock price has substantially outperformed both the Value Line Healthcare Sector Index and the S&P 500 Index.

Clearly, the coming years will bring significant change to healthcare. We believe the trends are in McKesson's favor, and, as we have demonstrated over our history, we consistently lead the way -- creating exceptional value for our customers, suppliers, employees, and stockholders. We look forward to leading again in fiscal 2011. Fiscal 2010: Another Year of Above-Market Revenue and Earnings Growth At McKesson, we view our financial performance as the ultimate measure of how well we have helped our customers achieve their own strategic goals. Our fiscal 2010 results show that, even in the face of one of the most challenging economic environments of the past 100 years, we succeeded once again in fulfilling this mission. We helped make our partners and our stockholders more successful than ever before. I am pleased to report that McKesson's fiscal 2010 revenues totaled $108.7 billion, with diluted earnings per share, excluding adjustments to litigation reserves, increasing 12.5% over the prior year to $4.58. Further, cash flow from continuing operations was very strong at $2.3 billion, compared to $1.4 billion the prior year. McKesson's solid performance was reflected in the market's valuation of the Company: even in the midst of a volatile year for the stock market, McKesson's stock closed fiscal 2010 at $65.72, up from $35.04 at the beginning of the fiscal year.

Strong Performance in Distribution Solutions In our Distribution Solutions segment we performed well, with solid contributions from all of our businesses. Highlights included the following: s#ONTINUED%XPANSIONOF#ORE Distribution Business In our U.S. pharmaceutical business, we delivered strong results despite the loss of two large customer buying groups in our prior fiscal year. We executed well for our branded pharmaceutical partners, continued to grow gross profit from our proprietary generics program, and realized many benefits from our global sourcing activities. In our Canadian distribution business, we grew revenues and increased operating leverage through additional investment in our distribution center network and increased utilization of McKesson's global sourcing programs. s3UCCESSFUL(.&LU6ACCINE Distribution Initiative We successfully partnered with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on the H1N1 flu vaccine distribution initiative, perhaps the largest effort of its kind in history. Since October 2009, we have shipped more than 126 million H1N1 vaccine doses and related medical supplies to thousands of providers across the country, earning high praise from our clients at the CDC. Never before have so many McKesson employees from across the Company come together as one team for a customer, putting on full display our operational excellence and industry-leading capabilities. In total, all businesses in Distribution Solutions met or exceeded their strategic and financial goals, and we expect our momentum to continue into fiscal 2011.

Better Business for Better Health Passage of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was an important step in expanding access to healthcare; it will ultimately extend coverage to approximately 32 million of the estimated 54 million Americans who lack health insurance today. Yet the real work of transforming the nation's healthcare system is just beginning. Though government regulation is an important first step, improving healthcare is fundamentally a business challenge, one that can be tackled through process innovation, practice and measurement standardization, data and knowledge management, automation, and more. At McKesson, we know how this is done -- and we have nearly two centuries of practice behind us. By partnering with our customers to show what can be done to improve the quality, efficiency and safety of healthcare, McKesson has been pointing the way for both private industry and government toward what must be done to create a healthcare system that is simultaneously high-performing, accessible, and economically sustainable.

Growing Momentum in Technology Solutions In Technology Solutions, we grew revenues and increased bookings in nearly all of our businesses. We also achieved the highest operating margin in recent history. Additional highlights included the following: s!CCELERATED3TIMULUS2ELATED0URCHASINGIN 0ROVIDER4ECHNOLOGIES"USINESS Early in fiscal 2010, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act led to increased customer interest in our solutions. As the year progressed, stimulus-related purchasing accelerated, and we saw strong growth in new bookings in the fourth quarter, achieving a solid finish to the year. s!DOPTIONOF.EXT'ENERATION 2EVENUE#YCLE3OLUTION McKesson has long been a leader in solutions that improve provider performance by automating financial and administrative operations. In fiscal 2010, we extended our leadership position with the introduction of our next-generation revenue cycle system, Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management. Healthcare reform is expected to stimulate demand for this innovative solution as hospitals focus on streamlining their systems and improving their financial performance. Across our technology businesses, we have sharpened our focus on execution, innovation, and collaboration, and we maintain a positive outlook for the segment in the coming year.

Summary and Outlook In summary, I am very pleased with our fiscal 2010 performance, and I believe that our results position McKesson for continued success in fiscal 2011. We have leading positions in very attractive markets, long-standing customer relationships, and tremendous financial strength and flexibility. Both Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions are producing sound operating results and positive cash flow, providing strong momentum for fiscal 2011. Based on our outlook, in April 2010, our Board of Directors approved a $1 billion increase in our share repurchase authorization, giving us additional flexibility to deploy our significant cash balances. Additionally, in May 2010, the Board approved a change in our dividend policy, increasing the amount of the Company's regular quarterly dividend by 50%, from $0.12 per share to $0.18 per share. With the best leadership team in the industry, an unequaled solution portfolio, and our dedicated team of 32,500 employees, McKesson will continue to lead the change in healthcare, extend our longstanding track record of performance, and advance our mission to improve the quality, efficiency, and safety of healthcare for all. Thank you for your confidence and continued support.

John H. Hammergren Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Industry Leadership The world noticed McKesson's success in fiscal 2010. The Company earned several significant awards recognizing our financial success and our excellence in corporate social responsibility, employee engagement, and service quality. s FORTUNE Magazine's sh7ORLDS-OST!DMIREDvINTHE(EALTHCARE7HOLESALER#ATEGORY This award measures corporate reputation and performance against nine key attributes: innovation, people management, use of corporate assets, social responsibility, quality of management, financial soundness, long-term investment, quality of products and services, and global competitiveness. McKesson ranked number one in all nine categories. s4OWERS7ATSON'LOBAL(IGH0ERFORMING#OMPANY This distinction recognizes companies for financial performance that exceeds that of their sector while also achieving best-in-class employee engagement scores. s Corporate Responsibility Magazine's s h"EST#ORPORATE#ITIZENSv This list is based on more than 360 data points in seven categories: environment, climate change, human rights, philanthropy, employee relations, financial performance, and governance. McKesson ranked 44th, up from 67th in fiscal 2009.

