a message from your MDC management tea m

derived primarily from closing 8,900 homes, the most for any year in our history. Both our homebuilding and mortgage lending businesses produced historic highs in operating profits. We ended 2002 with our Company's highest year-end backlog of 4,035 homes, up 40 percent from yearend 2001, thanks to record orders received for almost 9,900 homes. And, perhaps most importantly, our financial position and balance sheet are stronger than ever, supported by measurements of leverage and interest coverage that continue to rank among the best in the homebuilding industry. Beyond our tremendous financial results, 2002 also will be remembered for the many milestones we achieved.  In February, we celebrated MDC's anniversary of 30 years in business.  In March, we received an upgrade to our senior note rating by Standard & Poor's to BB+, as well as positive outlooks by both Fitch Ratings and Moody's Investors Service.  In July, we expanded the maximum capacity of our unsecured homebuilding line of credit to $600 million and extended the term to 2006.  In October, we reached 90,000 homes delivered since we began building singlefamily homes in 1977, generating over $17 billion in revenues in the process.  In December, MDC was included on the Forbes Magazine "Platinum List" of the 400 best big companies in America for the fourth consecutive year.

 Also in December, we issued $150 million of 7 percent, 10-year senior notes to investors who recognize our history of operating successes and financial strength.  We ended the year with $619 million in liquidity, including no outstanding borrowings on our homebuilding credit facility.  And finally, our stockholders' equity at year-end exceeded $800 million and $30 per outstanding share for the first time in our history. We particularly are proud that the strength of our financial performance, operating strategy and leadership were rewarded by Moody's in January 2003 with their assignment of an "investment grade" rating to our senior notes. This recognition, combined with the "investment grade" rating we received from Fitch in March 2001, represents the accomplishment of a key objective that all of us at MDC have been working toward for many years, and could have significant positive implications for our business in the future. To those who have worked for and with our Company to produce the results that enabled us to achieve this important milestone, we are most grateful. As 2002 began, we established a goal to double the size of our Company, both the top and the bottom line, in five years or less. Over the last twelve months, we have made substantial progress toward achieving this goal. We entered the Dallas/Fort Worth market in the first quarter of 2002. Twelve months later, we control almost 1,000 lots in this market and soon will

A WINNING TEAM: Richard Grasso pictured with Larry A. Mizel, Paris G. Reece III and David D. Mandarich.

Strength. Focus. Vision. These attributes have driven MDC's emergence as an industry leader in recent years and enabled us to produce the most successful year in our history in 2002. Not only did we achieve record results, but we also celebrated a number of historic milestones and laid the groundwork for continued profitable growth in 2003 and beyond. Each success is testimony to: the strength of our management team, our markets and our financial position; the focus and discipline of our operating strategy; and the ability of our 2,300 employees to execute the vision we share for the future of our Company and our industry. Our performance in 2002 was outstanding by all measures. For the fifth consecutive year, we reported record operating earnings, reaching $167.3 million, or $6.03 per share. Our $2.3 billion in total revenues was our ninth consecutive annual record,

have five new communities open for home sales. In the second quarter, we acquired the assets of John Laing Homes in Las Vegas and Northern Virginia, accelerating our growth in these markets. Another acquisition from John Laing facilitated our entry into Salt Lake City. These actions, combined with our continued organic growth, enabled us to increase our total active communities by 30 percent in 2002 to 178 by year-end. With these communities in place, a record year-end backlog and expectations for continued strong demand for new homes in our markets, we are positioned to close more than 10,500 homes and deliver new Company records for revenues and earnings in 2003. As we grow, we remain committed to our mission of building quality homes in

strong markets, providing a variety of mortgage and insurance products to our homebuyers. We will maintain our disciplined approach to backlog and inventory management, continuing to apply strict underwriting standards as we evaluate land acquisition opportunities to fuel expansion in our existing markets, as well as entry into new markets. Our growth has intensified the importance of our employees. As a result, we will continue to invest heavily in our people, broadening our training programs and increasing our efforts to attract, retain and develop talented individuals to serve as our Company's future leaders. Streamlining our business processes and procedures also will be a priority in the years to come, as we introduce technology wherever possible to reduce costs and improve efficiency.

Our Company already has assembled a team of professionals to lead this effort. Our achievements in 2002 are a source of great pride for all of us at MDC, and we look forward to even greater successes in 2003. We would like to take this opportunity to extend our sincere appreciation to our employees, whose hard work and dedication made these achievements possible. We also thank our subcontractors and other business partners for their efforts to meet the needs of our growing operations. Finally, we recognize and appreciate our Board of Directors for their untiring commitment and vision, which is an essential ingredient to reaching our long-term goals.

On behalf of our entire organization, we thank you for your continued support.

Larry A. Mizel Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

David D. Mandarich President and Chief Operating Officer

Paris G. Reece III Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

