Dear Shareowners,
A Message From Your Management Team: 2001 was a tremendous year for M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. By virtually every measure, our results were the best in a history that spans three decades. As we reflect upon the accomplishments of this past year, we are reminded of just how far we have come since our modest beginning 30 years ago. From just $50,000 of capital and a dream, we have built an enterprise that employs over 1,700 people and has accumulated more than $650 million in equity. MDC may have started small, but our successes have earned a position among the performance leaders in the homebuilding industry. Over the last twelve months, we achieved several important milestones. For the first time, we recorded revenues exceeding $2 billion, we recognized more than $155 million in net income, and we reached earnings per share of $5.72. In addition, we closed 8,174 homes, extending the number of families that have experienced the "American Dream" through Richmond American Homes to 84,000. Both our homebuilding and mortgage lending businesses reported their highest levels of profitability, and our operating returns reached new heights for our Company. Our balance sheet and financial flexibility have never been stronger. Our equity grew by 36% in 2001, and we ended the year with almost $500 million in liquidity and no balance outstanding on our $450 million unsecured line of credit. These factors contributed to leverage and interest coverage ratios in 2001 that not only are our Company's best ever, but rank among the strongest of our peers. Of particular importance in today's environment, our Company has grown without reliance on joint ventures or other off-balance-sheet financing arrangements. As a consequence, we believe that the strength of MDC's financial position, as reflected in our balance sheet, is solid. We recognize that our primary responsibility is to maximize our Company's value to its shareowners. Perhaps the best measures of our success in 2001 are the contributions made toward the fulfillment of this responsibility. We raised our quarterly cash dividends by 17% and increased the liquidity in our stock by distributing two separate 10% stock dividends in 2001. In addition, MDC received its first "investment grade" rating, issued by the rating agency Fitch, Inc., and also received a ratings upgrade from Moody's Investors Service. The investment community's response to our achievements resulted in a 39% increase in MDC's stock price in 2001 and an increase of more than 190% over the last 24 months. Notwithstanding our Company's record performance over this past year, 2001 forever will be remembered for a number of momentous events. The longest period of economic expansion in our nation's history came to an end. We saw the beginning of our country's first economic recession in ten years, and then began to see signs of recessionary pressures easing as the year ended. All of us experienced the devastation of the tragic events of September 11th. But, we also will remember with pride the unified and patriotic response of our nation and its leaders to these events. MDC responded as well, joining with our employees and trade partners to raise over $1 million to benefit victims of terrorism. The homebuilding industry, and our Company in particular, proved its resilience throughout these tumultuous times. We met the challenges, weathered the storms and continued to perform at a high level, bolstered by historically low interest rates and strong demand for new homes throughout most of the country. We look forward to 2002 with great confidence. MDC has never been in a better position to respond to the broad range of economic challenges that may confront us. Large, wellcapitalized homebuilders like MDC draw strength from the anticipated improvement in the economy, increasing household formations and constrained land supplies in most of the country's best housing markets. With our disciplined approach to homebuilding, which benefits from management's thirty years of experience in the business, and our significant presence in some of the country's strongest homebuilding markets, we have substantial operating flexibility. We have the ability to streamline our operations and generate significant levels of cash in a downturn. On the other hand, we believe that we can leverage our leading or significant market shares to expand

C O R P O R AT E O F F I C E R S AND BOARD MEMBERS
Larry A. Mizel Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer David D. Mandarich President, Chief Operating Officer and a Director Paris G. Reece III Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Michael Touff Senior Vice President and General Counsel

within many of our markets, even when they are contracting. We also have the financial strength and, for the first time in a decade, the desire to pursue strategic and opportunistic expansion into new markets in order to facilitate the continued quality growth of our enterprise. We are very proud of our record-setting results in 2001. We sincerely appreciate the loyalty, hard work and dedication of our employees, to whom we attribute our success. We also acknowledge the wisdom and tireless dedication of our board of directors, without whom we could not achieve our goals. On behalf of our entire organization, we thank you for your continued support.

John J. Heaney Senior Vice President and Treasurer Mark S. Duke Senior Vice President­Human Resources David M. Abbott Vice President Sharon M. Brown Vice President­Human Resources William J. Dinnebeil Vice President­Financial Services Daniel S. Japha Vice President of Law­Corporate and Secretary Thomas M. Jenkins Vice President­Division Finance Arthur R. Lehl Sr. Vice President and Chief Information Officer Ronald A. Milzer Vice President Real Estate­Legal Phillip M. Nowick Vice President Finance­Strategic Planning David E. Blackford Director Steven J. Borick Director, Chairman of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Audit Committee Herbert T. Buchwald Director and member of the Audit, Compensation and Legal Committees Gilbert Goldstein Director and Chairman of the Legal Committee

Sincerely,

Larry A. Mizel
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

David D. Mandarich
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

Paris G. Reece III
AND

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

William B. Kemper Director, Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee

