Fellow Shareholders: Yes, we're big. But we've never lost touch with the source of our success: the ability to listen with a creative ear...the imagination to meet people's needs with innovative food ideas...a commitment to trust we will not compromise. And as we've grown, we've kept the best of local while capturing all the advantages of global scale ­ and done it with teamwork, discipline and speed. For those who invest in us, our goal is simple: consistent, top-tier performance. Perhaps no other year in our history has embodied all this quite like 2001. It was a transformational year for Kraft Foods. · We integrated Nabisco and Kraft with great success, building new growth opportunities and gaining more than $100 million in synergy savings. · We completed an initial public offering of 16.1% of Kraft's outstanding shares, raising $8.4 billion in net proceeds used to retire debt associated with the Nabisco acquisition. · We began paying dividends at an annual rate of 52 cents per share and produced a total return for shareholders of 10.6% for the 28 weeks Kraft shares traded in 2001. · New products generated more than $1.1 billion in revenues. · Our volume grew 11% in developing markets around the world. · We made five acquisitions to drive future growth. · More than 12 million consumers visited our websites each month for ideas and information. · Productivity savings for the year met our target of 3.5% of cost of goods sold. · We grew worldwide volume 3.7%, in line with our stated goal of 3% - 4% growth. · We generated a strong $3.3 billion in operating cash flow. · And once again we delivered on our promise of top-tier financial results, with operating companies income up 8.9% to $6.1 billion, net earnings up 19.9% to $2.1 billion and diluted earnings per share up 19.8% to $1.21. Our results were strong across the company. All six of our business segments increased volume and operating companies income for the year. Kraft Foods North America: Beverages, Desserts and Cereals ­ Volume was up 9.3%, powered by double-digit gains in our ready-to-drink beverage business, which more than offset softness in Desserts and Cereals. Operating companies income for the segment increased 7.0%. Biscuits, Snacks and Confectionery ­ Volume increased 1.6%, led by strong growth in our core cookies and crackers businesses. Operating companies income was up 24.6%, benefiting from volume growth and synergy gains. Our Mission To Be the Undisputed Global Food Leader Consumers... First Choice Customers... Indispensable Partner Alliances... Most Desired Partner Employees... Employer of Choice Communities... Responsible Citizen Investors... Top-Tier Performer

Note: All amounts discussed in this letter are on a pro forma basis. In addition, the volume comparisons are also adjusted to reflect a 52-week fiscal year 2000.

19

Cheese, Meals and Enhancers ­ Volume grew 0.9%, as growth in Meals and Enhancers and in Canada more than offset declines in Cheese and Food Service, due in part to exiting non -branded businesses. Operating companies income increased 5.1%. Oscar Mayer and Pizza ­ Volume was up 2.3% on gains from our processed meats, meat alternatives and pizza businesses. Operating companies income was up 5.4%. Kraft Foods International: Europe, Middle East and Africa ­ Volume increased 1.3%, as strong growth in Central and Eastern Europe and gains in numerous Western European markets were partially offset by declines in Germany and Italy. Operating companies income increased 0.5%. Latin America and Asia Pacific ­ Volume increased a strong 9.9%, led by broad-based growth in snacks, beverages, cheese and grocery products. Operating companies income increased 32.7%. Overall, the earnings growth we delivered was once again among the industry's best. But as good a year as it was, we're not satisfied. Looking ahead, we will continue to build both the bottom and top lines with five enduring strategies: Our Strategies Accelerate growth of core brands Drive global category leadership Optimize our portfolio Drive world-class productivity, quality and service Build employee and organizational excellence Accelerate growth of core brands ­ To drive growth, we're leveraging one of the industry's most powerful portfolios of brands to address the marketplace's most compelling trends. We're focusing new-product innovation on four high-growth consumer needs: snacking, beverages, convenient meals and health & wellness. We're capturing a greater share of the fastest-growing distribution channels, including supercenters, convenience stores, mass merchandisers, drug stores, club stores and food away from home. And we're developing customized products and marketing programs to reach rapidly expanding demographic segments such as the African-American and Hispanic populations in the U.S. Drive global category leadership ­ Managed effectively, category leadership is a compelling advantage. With our large number of leading brands, we're able to capture a strong share of each category's growth, giving us the resources to reinvest in marketing and innovation and keep us well positioned for future growth. We build category strength with our worldwide councils of category experts, who share best practices, fast-adapt product ideas, and optimize productivity and sourcing in our global biscuits, cheese, coffee, confectionery and refreshment beverages businesses. We are intent on driving growth in developing markets. More than 80% of the world's population lives in developing markets, yet only 9% of Kraft's revenues are sourced there. Our rapid expansion in these markets will continue by broadening our brand portfolio in current categories, bringing new categories to current geographies, expanding to new geographies and building distribution in all geographies where we operate. Optimize our portfolio ­ With the integration of Nabisco, our reported revenues increased 28%, giving us a leading global position in snack foods. We will continue to acquire high-potential businesses to jump-start us in new fast-growing categories or countries and give us greater scale in existing ones. We also will divest slower-growth or lowermargin businesses that no longer constitute a strategic fit. Drive world-class productivity, quality and service ­ Strong cost management funds our future, helping us deliver top-tier growth and profitability. Using a continuously replenished, three-year pipeline of ideas, our productivity programs now yield annual

20

savings of 3.5% of cost of goods sold, while helping us improve product quality and customer-service levels. We're also on track to achieve $600 million in ongoing annual synergy savings from the integration of Nabisco. Build employee and organizational excellence ­ Even with our great brand strength and global scale, the biggest advantage we have is our people. Using highly successful recruitment, retention and development initiatives, we've built the best team in the business. We have the experience, the bench strength, the diversity and the leadership skills that set us apart. And every one of us is committed to the same goal ­ consistent, top-tier performance. We expect to deliver on that goal again in 2002. For the year, we expect to grow volume in the 3%-4% range. And we project diluted earnings per share growth in the range of 14%-16%, to $2.00 -$2.05, reflecting new accounting standards on goodwill amortization. Of course, in every year there are challenges, some anticipated and some we cannot foresee. But whether it's currency translation, commodity costs or economic weakness in certain countries, you have our committment that we will do our best to overcome them.

Geoffrey C. Bible

Betsy D. Holden

Roger K. Deromedi

In so many ways, 2001 was an extraordinary year for Kraft Foods. As eventful as it was, and as pleased as we are to celebrate all its successes, our focus is on what's next: an emerging trend that creates new opportunity...another developing market where our brands can prosper...a thriving high-potential business we can acquire...the next innovative idea to reduce supply-chain costs...a new leadership program to help the best team get even better. We look ahead with confidence ­ to another strong year in 2002 and a future of long-term, sustainable growth.

Geoffrey C. Bible Chairman of the Board Kraft Foods Inc.

Betsy D. Holden Co-CEO, Kraft Foods Inc. President & CEO Kraft Foods North America

Roger K. Deromedi Co-CEO, Kraft Foods Inc. President & CEO Kraft Foods International

February 28, 2002

21

