Dear shareholder, now that you've seen the world through the eyes of our consumers, I'd like to share with you, how this perspective is helping us to create a new Kraft that will be better than ever before.
We made progress in 2006 on both our top and bottom lines, but our results were mixed. Growth in North America slowed significantly during the second half of the year, due to lower contribution from new products and declining market shares in a number of core categories. In our International business, we saw continued strength, driven by developing markets across Latin America and Eastern Europe. For the full year, our net revenues increased 0.7%, reflecting one less shipping week in 2006 compared with 2005. Full-year reported net earnings were $3.1 billion, an increase of 16.3% versus the prior year. And reported diluted earnings per share were $1.85, up 19.4% from $1.55 in 2005. In August, your Board of Directors continued to return cash to shareholders by increasing the dividend by 9%. Our 2006 results, though, were driven, in large part, by one-time, non-operational benefits. We recognize that we must fix certain aspects of the business to deliver predictable growth over the long term that meets your expectations. Kraft has many strengths, including a portfolio of iconic brands, a powerful selling and distribution network, a global presence, and considerable financial resources. The company is focused on four strategies that build on these strengths to deliver consistent predictable growth:
· Rewire the organization for growth; · Reframe our categories to make our portfolio more relevant and grow faster; · Invest in our sales capabilities to build our scale advantage; and · Drive down costs without compromising quality.

Rewire the organization. Rewiring the organization for growth begins with reinforcing a mindset of candor, courage and action throughout the company. A recent example is how we reassessed our Tassimo hot-beverage system. The original business assumptions for this innovative product proved too aggressive. After careful reconsideration, we took a $245 million write-down and redesigned the entire marketing plan. We now have a more realistic business plan and are excited about Tassimo's potential.

17

We're also striking a better balance between globalization and centralization. We're putting operating decisions in the hands of our local-market leaders ­ the people closest to our consumers ­ so that we can act more quickly on new ideas that will drive growth. Reframe our categories. The essence of our second strategy ­ reframing our categories ­ is about exploiting the full potential of Kraft's unique and highly complementary portfolio. When we do this right, the breadth of our portfolio will be a competitive advantage. To begin with, we're broadening the frame of reference for each of our categories by looking at our products through consumers' eyes rather than through the narrow lens of our manufacturing processes. With a broader frame of reference, we can compete in larger, faster-growing categories; gain share from a wider range of quick meal and snack alternatives; drive incremental volume and mix; and better meet consumer needs. For example, cheese, our largest business, has been growing, but not fast enough. We have tended to classify our cheese business in terms of how it is made ­ i.e., process slices, natural chunks, sticks, shreds, and so on. By broadening our frame of reference to reflect how consumers actually eat cheese, we immediately see many growth opportunities, including cheeses for snacking, for dipping, for sandwiches and for quick meals. More specifically, when we expand our thinking from the processed cheese slices category, which is declining 2%, to the way our consumers actually use sliced cheese, we have a much larger category to consider ­ sandwich cheese, which is growing at 2%. Similarly, natural chunks are growing at 4%, but the broader category of snacking cheese is growing at 6%. And the premium cheese segment in which we barely participate is growing at a healthy double-digit rate. In short, by expanding our frame of reference, we're confident that we can increase our share of the large and growing $14 billion cheese market. We're also moving beyond meal components to create complete meal solutions. Our new Oscar Mayer DeliCreations sandwiches are a perfect example. We've combined our proprietary dough technology with a number of our trusted brands ­ Oscar Mayer Deli-Shaved meats, Kraft cheese, A.1. steak sauce, and Grey Poupon mustard ­ to create convenient, microwavable sandwiches with fresh-baked taste. Further, we're exploring opportunities to use our broad portfolio to meet the demands of specific consumer groups for weight management, health and wellness and other benefits. This approach led us to develop our successful $250 million South Beach Diet line, which is designed for consumers looking for convenient and delicious ways to manage their weight. The strategy of reframing our categories and the belief that scale matters will not, however, act as a safe harbor for every product in the portfolio. We will continue to objectively assess the potential of each of our businesses to deliver attractive long-term value. Exploit our sales capabilities. Our third strategy is about leveraging one of the largest and most powerful sales forces in the food industry. Only Kraft has the scale to combine the executional benefits of direct store delivery with the economics of warehouse delivery. We are piloting an approach in North America that we believe will give us a competitive advantage to drive faster growth.

18

Internationally, the company is growing and building profitable scale by expanding its distribution reach in countries with rapidly growing demand. With the right investments and application of local-market know-how, we expect to see excellent returns, as we've delivered in Russia and Ukraine. We will focus on a select number of developing markets where we have sufficient scale, including Brazil and Mexico. Drive down costs without compromising quality. Driving down costs has been and remains a core competency for Kraft. In the future, we'll strike a better balance, as we invest more in growth. We will complete our $3 billion restructuring program in 2008, and we expect it to deliver a total of $1 billion in annual savings. When this program is finished, we'll spend at a more consistent level each year to provide a steady stream of savings and more predictable earnings. We intend to lower overhead costs as a percent of sales over time, including cutting back in certain support functions by outsourcing business processes and using shared services. As our fourth strategy states, however, we will not compromise quality for the sake of cost savings. On the contrary, we will use cost savings to invest in building capabilities in areas that can drive or support growth, including R&D, marketing and sales. The prospect of independence. All of us at Kraft are excited about becoming a fully independent company. While our strategies for growth are sound, regardless of who owns our stock, the imminent spin-off of Kraft from Altria Group, Inc. will enable us to accelerate our plans and provide us with greater financial flexibility. To that end, in February, the Kraft Board of Directors approved a $5 billion share repurchase program that will become effective after the spin-off. This program enables us to repurchase a significant amount of stock over the next two years. Together with our dividend, it will help enhance shareholder returns until we fully achieve our growth targets. However, we will still have ample capacity for acquisitions. Our focus will be on building scale in key international geographies and on gaining access around the world to new categories, new capabilities and new technologies. With the spin-off, I will assume the chairmanship of Kraft from Louis Camilleri. I am delighted that Louis has graciously agreed to remain on our Board as a director and that Kraft will continue to benefit from his financial acumen and deep understanding of our business. I would like to thank Louis for his leadership over the years and for his counsel and support during this transition. The 90,000 people of Kraft and I also thank you, our shareholders, for your ongoing support. We are energized about getting your company growing again. A return to predictable growth will take time, but I am confident we are on the right path. Let me assure you that we will work tirelessly to reach our destination as quickly as possible.

Irene B. Rosenfeld Chief Executive Officer March 01, 2007

19

