Message from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

a 2 b

Ever since my first "job" selling Girl Scout cookies, I believed that business could be a force for good. Today, I know it is.

Irene B. Rosenfeld Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

As a global food company, we can help raise people up--out of hunger, out of poverty, toward healthier lifestyles--through what we make and how we make it. Millions of times a day...in ways big and small...quite literally around the world, we're doing just that. And we do it at multiple points in our supply chain...from our agriculture Business is a vital part of the success of most sourcing initiatives that have made us a leading nations. From Chile to China. The United States purchaser of sustainable cocoa, coffee and to Ukraine. Well-run businesses contribute to cashews to our finished products, like Biskuat society in so many ways: Providing jobs, creating and Tiger fortified biscuits that help Indonesian robust supply chains, revitalizing communities, moms ensure their kids get the right vitamins innovating solutions for some of the world's and minerals to grow to their full potential. toughest challenges, contributing to public coffers and delivering shareholder returns that "Creating a more delicious world" is a lofty enable further investment. But companies that goal to be sure. But we make it achievable by can successfully and simultaneously balance taking a pragmatic approach. First, we focus the short- and long-term interests of the our efforts where we can make the greatest multiple constituents they serve can do the difference. Our global priorities are food safety, most good. They can, indeed, change the health and well-being, and sustainability. Next, world for the better. we agree on the goals, strategies and actions That's one of the reasons I'm so proud to be leading Kraft Foods, where we say that "delicious is our difference." Yes, our products taste delicious. But to us, it's more than that. Delicious is also our corporate purpose...the mindset and spirit we apply to everything we do and how we do it. It's also why we titled this report, "Creating a more delicious world." to achieve each priority. Our goals, whether financial or philanthropic, are designed to be ambitious, but achievable. Our strategies are long term, spanning decades in some cases. But the targets we set to evaluate our progress are measured in increments of five years or less. That way, the same people who set the targets can also be

Message from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Index

Creating a more delicious world | Our 2010 Report

a 3 b

Irene Rosenfeld helps build a playground in Chicago's Washington Park, one of 13 playgrounds built as part of our partnership with KaBOOM! during Delicious Difference Week in 2010. During this week, nearly 25,000 employees in 56 countries engaged in community activities to help fight hunger and promote healthy lifestyles.

held accountable for delivering them. Finally, our actions focus on what we call the "Three Ps" for creating lasting change: Products, Policies and Partnerships. All three are important, but I want to elaborate a bit on Partnerships. Even though there is a lot we can do as the world's second-largest food company, many of the issues we're tackling are so big that we can only achieve lasting change when we work with others. So together with our suppliers, customers and consumers...with governments, multilateral organizations and nongovernmental organizations (NGOs)...we look for innovative ways to combine our inherent strengths and capabilities to achieve the kinds of significant change we all want--for ourselves, for our children and for generations to come. In the following pages, I encourage you to take a look at what we're doing and what we've accomplished, on our own and in partnership with others around the world. This report covers both the legacy Kraft Foods and Cadbury businesses and summarizes our 2010 progress in the areas of highest societal interest.

We're not perfect, and we're not finished. But by focusing on what matters most and where we can make the biggest difference, I am confident we're on the right path. We're working to support healthier lifestyles and sustainable agriculture. Seeking solutions that, by design, benefit our business and our society. Working for outcomes that are sustainable and scalable. And sharing our progress and setbacks along the way. We can't do everything, but we are doing a great deal. We're proud of what we've accomplished and how it is helping consumers and communities around the world live more deliciously every day.

Irene B. Rosenfeld Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kraft Foods Inc. May 2011

Message from Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Index

