LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Our actions are designed to stabilize the business and position McDermott to deliver greater value to our customers and shareholders.
FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
When I joined McDermott last October, I was familiar with its proud history and reputation as a leading global offshore contractor. I also understood the challenges the organization faced. We have been working diligently over the past few months to assess the business and identify opportunities to improve the organization and our competitive position.
Despite our recent difficulties, we have the components in place to succeed as a market leader: an excellent safety record, talented employees, a strong brand, a solid balance sheet, unparalleled engineering and construction expertise and a new strategic plan to reach our targets.
While we have a lot of work to do, we have made significant progress relatively quickly, and I am excited and energized by the opportunities ahead of us. Our actions are designed to stabilize the business and to position McDermott to deliver greater value to our customers and shareholders.
RECAPPING 2013
While 2013 was a difficult year for the organization – both financially and operationally – we are making important headway on addressing the issues we face. We are learning from past challenges, recruiting new talent and restructuring the organization to ensure that we have the necessary resources and the optimal structure in place to achieve long-term success. In that regard, we are working diligently at enhancing financial discipline, improving our cost structure, building stronger customer relationships and creating a culture of operational excellence and greater accountability. I am impressed with the quality of our team, including the dozens of seasoned professionals who have recently joined the Company,
and I am confident that the changes we are implementing will enable McDermott to succeed.
STRUCTURING FOR OUR PURPOSE
McDermott is implementing an organizational realignment that puts additional focus on our business lines and customers to leverage our global assets and
McDermott 2013 Annual Report 1

 Our business improvement plan has established a clear path forward to achieve our goal of creating sustainable long-term value for our shareholders. 2014 is expected to be a year
of transition and one focused on closing out our legacy projects and bidding on new, profitable and innovative opportunities.
capabilities. Under this new structure, the organization will be designed around two businesses – offshore and subsea. Our offshore business includes fixed platforms, floating production facility topsides, compliant towers, subsea and export pipelines, and our subsea business includes subsea umbilical, riser
and flowline installation.
These businesses will be led by two individuals with a wealth of knowledge and experience in the industry. Scott Cummins, who has been at McDermott for more than 25 years, will lead our offshore business, and Tony Duncan, who has nearly 30 years experience in the industry, will lead our subsea business. Among other benefits, structuring the business around offshore and subsea is designed to facilitate our ability to seamlessly share best practices and to transfer knowledge from one region of the world to another. Under this new structure, accountability will be reinforced through performance targets and improved management reporting. I am confident in our team and our plan, and remain committed to taking additional actions, as necessary, to return McDermott to growth.
I believe we can be more responsive as an organization to the needs of our customers, and our new structure is designed to fortify our customer relationships and to enhance our ability to deliver superior technical solutions – on time and within budget. Meeting and exceeding the expectations of our customers continues to be a top priority. By adding value for our customers, we expect to create value for our shareholders.
Finally, although cost cutting is only a small part of our strategy to get McDermott back on track, we are re-evaluating and modifying some of our capital investment plans and we intend to reduce our fixed costs in order to build a more flexible organization. This should allow us to operate more efficiently and to pivot to the customer needs of tomorrow. Our goal is to be a more efficient global organization and to leverage the competitive strengths that distinguish McDermott from other tier-one EPCI companies.
BUILDING ON SUCCESSES
While there is more work to do, we have many achievements to celebrate. Notable among McDermott’s successes is our outstanding track record of safety and operating excellence. McDermott builds some of the most complicated and unique structures in harsh environments, while never wavering in our commitment to safety. Being a leader in personal safety, process safety, environmental excellence and reliability is important to our world-class customers, so it is crucial that we work safely, dependably and efficiently on their behalf. In fact, Malaysian oil company PETRONAS recently awarded us with “Best Contractor HSE (Health, Safety and Environment) Performer, 2013” for our work on the Kepodang Gas Development Project, a project to develop offshore surface facilities and an infield flowline for the Kepodang field off Indonesia. We will continue to make it a priority to achieve
a zero-incident environment across all of our operations.
With regard to operational excellence, I would be remiss if I did not mention the outstanding work that is ongoing on the Ichthys Project. This was the largest subsea project at its time of award, and our progress on Ichthys is not going unnoticed. I am impressed with the depth and quality of our project management team and our ability to leverage McDermott’s strength as a leading fabricator. The project is being executed in line with the highest standards in the industry, and I will remain focused on this project to see it through to a successful completion.
 2 Where Purpose Meets Potential

 Human capital is another of McDermott’s great strengths. Employees are the Company’s greatest asset, and having the right team to make our action plan a reality is essential to our ability to create value for customers and shareholders. We are building on our strength in this area and have enhanced our organization through the recent addition of individuals who bring strong subsea and technical experience. Ensuring that we have the right group of people to succeed is critically important, and we will continue to augment the organization with expert talent as we execute on our growth initiatives.
STRONG MARKET POTENTIAL
Our success is ultimately dependent on our ability to win new projects, and I am pleased with our progress. As we optimize the business, both financially and operationally, I am encouraged by the size of McDermott’s market opportunity. We have announced several important customer wins and have an impressive pipeline of potential projects, all of which reinforce our confidence and enthusiasm about McDermott’s next phase of growth.
We are targeting over $16 billion in new projects that are expected to be awarded in the next five quarters. When our target projects are combined with our $4.8 billion backlog and $3.6 billion in bids outstanding, the Company’s revenue pipeline totaled $24 billion as of December 31, 2013.
We expect that our new structure will make us more focused and competitive, helping us to capitalize on these global opportunities. For example, our newly established North Sea and Africa region serves a rapidly growing market and we expect to leverage the experience from both our recently hired individuals and our other regions when bidding and executing new work. Additionally, we are bringing in some of our best talent from around the world to rebuild our Americas region and to position it to be a future driver of our profitability.
MOVING FORWARD TO SUCCESS
Our business improvement plan has established a clear path forward to achieve our goal of creating sustainable long-term value for our shareholders. 2014 is expected to be a year of transition and one focused on closing out our legacy projects and bidding on new, profitable and innovative opportunities. We are confident in our position and our talented team, and look forward to sharing our successes with you as we realize this Company’s great potential and achieve the goals we have set for McDermott.
I would like to thank McDermott’s investors, customers and vendors for your faith and commitment. Your continued support is tremendously important as we move forward on our path to success.
I would also like to recognize the employees of McDermott for their passion and unwavering dedication to our mission. I am proud of the outstanding work they have done, and I am excited to continue building and
expanding on our opportunities for the future.
Sincerely,
David Dickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
       