Fellow shareholDers
 It is a pleasure to share this year’s letter regarding the state of your company with each and every one of you. In 2006, McDermott International, Inc. (“McDermott” or the “Company”) successfully completed the multi-year turnaround that began before my tenure commenced. The hurdles our team overcame during this journey were substantial. For this reason and many others, 2006 proved to be the most gratifying 12-month period I’ve enjoyed since becoming CEO of your Company. As we turn the page to a new chapter in this Company’s distinguished history, “McDermott is...” my way to articulate our identity, accomplishments and vision.
McDerMott Is...
...unIque aMong our e&c peers
McDermott is an engineering and construction company, with specialty manufacturing and service capabilities. A distinguishing characteristic of McDermott, compared to our peers, is that all of our activities are focused on energy markets. We also perform more of the work in-house, with less subcontracting. Our projects cover the energy spec- trum – coal, nuclear, oil and natural gas. McDermott’s customers primarily consist of North American utilities and other power generators; the super-major, major and national oil companies operating offshore across the globe; and the United States Government, primarily the U.S. Department of Energy (“DOE”).
...FranchIse naMe operatIons
For each of the energy markets we serve, McDermott operates through subsidiaries that have earned reputations for excellence, safety, innovation and industry leadership. Our primary operating subsidiaries are:
• The Babcock & Wilcox Company (“B&W”) in power generation systems,
• J. Ray McDermott, S.A. (“J. Ray”) in offshore oil and gas construction, and
• BWX Technologies, Inc. (“BWXT”) in government operations.
The enviable status that our subsidiaries have earned with their respective customers took decades to build. We
view the strength of our brands as one of McDermott’s great assets, and therefore we continue utilizing these fran- chise names today to conduct our business.
...together agaIn
On February 22, 2006, a transformational event occurred when B&W emerged from its six-year asbestos-related reorganization and was reconsolidated with McDermott. To me, this event was the crowning achievement of McDer- mott’s turnaround. Due to the significance of this milestone, let me share some of the background.
When I joined McDermott in 2000, B&W had already filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy as its comprehensive approach to resolving the increasing number of non-employee asbestos claims filed against it and the escalating amount these claimants sought in compensation. As B&W’s case progressed in the courts, it became more and more likely that the ultimate conclusion of the bankruptcy would involve McDermott losing ownership of B&W and incurring substantial expenses in addition. Fortunately, we refused to let this scenario materialize.
With dimming prospects of federal asbestos legislation and the slow progress of B&W’s previously proposed settlement, McDermott reached a revised settlement in August 2005 that became effective in February 2006. This new settlement allowed the Company to continue its ownership of B&W, and instead use cash to fund a trust for all asbestos claimants. During the course of 2006, McDermott and B&W paid all of the financial obligations under the settlement to the trust – a combined $955 million of cash – and assigned about $1.15 billion of insurance rights. As a result, B&W has settled all current and future asbestos claims against it. Of the amount paid, McDermott expects approximately $270 million will return to the Company in the form of a tax refund, likely in late 2007 or early 2008.
an Industry Leader
B&W literally wrote the book on Steam in 1875. BWXT was part of the Manhattan Project in 1945. J. Ray was a pioneer in offshore oil & gas construction in the 1940s. McDermott’s leadership in each of the industries it serves continues today.
             

 To shareholders, of course, there is one metric that’s probably more important than all the others – stock price performance. In 2006, McDermott shares appreciated 71 percent, well above our peer group average.
Resolving the B&W reorganization was an essential critical path item for the additional value-creating restruc- turing that followed, such as:
• In September 2006, we announced that BWXT and B&W would be combined under a common management struc-
ture to Capture the Value associated with these strong businesses. This combination, effective January 1, 2007, will strengthen our presence in the emerging commercial nuclear market, enhance our service offerings to existing and future customers and produce synergies as the businesses come together. John Fees has been elected President and Chief Executive Officer of the combined entity, The Babcock & Wilcox Companies.
• In December 2006, McDermott consolidated its two groups of U.S. legal entities into a single consolidated group. There are numerous benefits to this transaction, including administrative efficiencies, increased flexibility in our financial structure, returning to a more tax-efficient legal structure and the ability to utilize at least $275 million of net operating losses against future taxable income.
Keeping B&W within McDermott ensures that the Company will be a leader across the energy E&C universe for the foreseeable future and it enables the realization of other synergistic opportunities. As I indicated earlier, it was a true crowning achievement.
...DelIverIng results
The foundation of any successful year begins with financial performance. I am pleased to report that McDermott truly excelled in that regard during 2006. McDermott’s financial health is strong and improving. Revenues exceeded $4.1 billion, clearly the highest level in recent memory. Operating income was about 9.4 percent of revenue, or $387 million, both at the high end of our E&C peer group. And although it’s not a perfect comparison, 2006 reported earnings of $3.01 per diluted share were 66 percent higher than in 2005.
Our success in 2006 is further evidence that McDermott is on the right track and is building momentum. Addi- tional data points demonstrating progress include:
• J. Ray’s strong cash flow enabled it to retire its $200 million, 11% notes in June becoming essentially debt-free in
our Offshore Oil & Gas Construction segment.
• Company-widebackloggrewto$7.6billion,morethan1.8times2006consolidatedrevenue.J.Rayaloneincreased
backlog by almost $2.4 billion from year-end 2005.
• McDermott ended the year with cash, restricted cash, investments and equivalents totaling in excess of $1.0 bil-
lion, a substantial amount considering approximately $950 million was used during 2006 for B&W’s settlement
and J. Ray’s debt retirement.
• After almost a decade in dispute, settlement agreements were reached in several of our long-standing legal pro-
ceedings.
• In continuing our focus on growth, McDermott spent $146 million on capital expenditures to increase capacity,
enhance service offerings, acquire new facilities and maintain our capabilities.
To shareholders, of course, there is one metric that’s probably more important than all the others – stock price
performance. In 2006, McDermott shares appreciated 71 percent, well above our peer group average. McDermott ended the year with a market capitalization of $5.6 billion, approximately $2.5 billion greater than year-end 2005. Dur- ing 2006, McDermott announced and completed a 3-for-2 stock split, which provides additional liquidity for our shares, lowers the entry point for new investors, and reflected the Board’s confidence in the Company’s long-term outlook. The entire management team at McDermott understands that shareholders are truly the owners of our Company, and I am pleased that McDermott rewarded your ongoing trust and investment.
Customer Focused
In our businesses, McDermott rarely has a “new” customer, therefore repeat business is essential. The fact that year-end backlog at J. Ray and B&W ascended to recent records is evidence that our customer focus is warranted and rewarded.
             

                OFFSHORE OIL & GAS CONSTRUCTION
From the beginning of oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico, McDermott has been an industry pioneer. Our Offshore Oil & Gas Construction segment today provides engineering, construction, installation and project management services for the major and national oil companies through our subsidiary, J. Ray McDermott.
During 006, investing for growth became a major priority for this segment, with notable accomplishments. J. Ray increased capacity in the Middle East and Asia Pacific fabrication facilities, enhanced the marine fleet, and commenced construction on a new facility
in Mexico.
These initiatives enabled year-end backlog to reach a record $4. billion, an increase of $.4 billion compared to last year. As demand for our offshore construction services grew, J. Ray was able to provide solutions for customers by demonstrating the strength of our global network.
An example of this global capability is the Reliance Industries project. Destined for Indian waters, this schedule-driven project will draw upon our Houston-based engineering division, the construction facilities in both Louisiana and the United Arab Emirates, and will be installed by our in-house marine fleet.
The Offshore Oil & Gas Construction segment has achieved strong backlog, revenue and earnings growth in recent years and will carry this momentum into 007.
 
                POWER GENERATION SySTEmS
The Power Generation Systems segment represents our position as a leading supplier of fossil-fired steam generating systems, replacement nuclear steam generators, environmental equipment, replacement parts and related services to the power industry.
Key activities include the design, engineering, manufacturing, con- struction and related services associated with large utility and indus- trial power generation systems. This segment is anchored by our subsidiary, The Babcock & Wilcox Company, a leader in the industry since 867.
In February 006, B&W emerged from its six-year, asbestos-related restructuring and entered into a plan of reorganization, enabling the reconsolidation of B&W’s financial results. With the bankruptcy pro- ceedings concluded, we are in position to support a growing market.
Backlog ended 006 at $. billion, bolstered by environmental equip- ment orders, driven by state and federal clean air regulations, and increased demand for new coal-fired power plants in the United States.
A technology leader, B&W is addressing concerns about greenhouse gas emissions. In 006, we became a significant participant in SaskPower’s Clean Coal Project. The proposed 300-megawatt pulverized coal plant would capture over 90% of the carbon dioxide emissions, becoming the first commercial-scale coal plant to capture and sequester CO emis- sions in North America. Our efforts represent our ongoing commitment to research and development in the power industry.
 
 ...settIng new MetrIcs to DeFIne success
With McDermott’s turnaround declared complete, B&W back in the family and the Company performing well, the question became “now what?” Our management team and the employees of your Company are never satisfied with the status quo. We saw McDermott through its most challenging time, and we are now intensely focused on the next mission: achievement of our 2010 targets.
During 2006, the management team and Board of Directors determined these longer-range goals, the achieve- ment of which we would define as success. While we may reach some of the targets earlier, we set 2010 as the mea- surement year for the following key goals:
More than double 2005 operating income and other financial targets
One of the keys to our definition of success is to achieve more consistent earnings growth in what are admittedly cycli- cal markets. We believe that by obtaining an average growth rate of 15 percent from a preset 2005 base level, McDer- mott will reach at least $600 million of operating income by 2010. This growth rate would more than double 2005 operating income, which was already at a solid level. Other financial targets include maintaining our peer-leading operating margins – an indicator that we deliver more from a dollar of sales to our shareholders than other E&C competitors. We also stated our intention to limit McDermott’s debt-to-book capitalization ratio to below 30 percent.
enhance existing assets to exploit current business cycle
Probably the highest returning investment a company can make is spending modest amounts of money to increase the capacity of a business that is already succeeding. During 2006, we increased our capital expenditures to prepare for growth. At J. Ray, we invested to increase capacity at two of our construction facilities and in our marine assets. B&W spent money to improve its research and development capabilities during a time when climate-change con- cerns, the need for new power generating capacity and the desire for U.S. energy independence are all hot topics. BWXT plans to extend the nuclear component manufacturing it currently provides governmental customers, to pre- pare to serve the commercial nuclear industry as well.
expand geographic presence to meet client needs
Similar to the preceding goal, taking what a company currently does well to a new geographic region is also a lower- risk growth strategy. It also can leverage our existing customer relationships. In 2006, we announced that BWXT would pursue facilities management and operations in the United Kingdom similar to what we do in the United States for the DOE. Likewise, J. Ray announced plans to open a new fabrication facility in Kazakhstan and began groundbreaking for a new facility in Altamira, Mexico.
re-enter u.s. commercial nuclear market
A number of initiatives already discussed form the foundation for McDermott’s objective to re-enter the commercial nuclear market in the United States. The combination of B&W and BWXT under common leadership was driven pri- marily to present a unified offering to commercial nuclear clients, by bringing together what these businesses already provide separately. B&W has been a leader in replacement steam generators and services in the Canadian market for years, while BWXT recently renewed its ASME certifications to provide commercial components in the United States and formed an agreement with AREVA NP. McDermott’s belief is that the United States will return to nuclear power as a primary source for new electricity generation. We are preparing for that future today.
Leading Technology
McDermott solves industry problems. By securing over 5,300 U.S. patents in our power businesses and more than 1,000 worldwide patents in offshore construction, McDermott has consistently provided technological solutions to the energy markets we serve.
             

 pursue acquisitions to expand product offering
McDermott participates in large and growing markets. Coal & nuclear power, production of oil & gas and working with the Department of Energy are strong, core businesses. We have a solid foundation in each of these areas, and are well positioned to add to these strengths. McDermott has also generated strong cash flow. With our turnaround com- plete, we formed a business development group to explore potential partners and candidates for acquisitions. I have said numerous times, “there are no must-have deals” for McDermott – but if you’re not looking, you’ll never find the perfect opportunistic transaction. If we can generate favorable returns by acquiring a complementary business or partnering with a peer, expect us to do so.
earn appropriate after-tax returns on all initiatives
Achieving growth would be a lot easier for all companies if the needed capital didn’t have a cost associated with it; however, McDermott competes for capital daily, including for your investment in us. With McDermott’s current credit ratings, the money we borrow isn’t inexpensive and we all know there is no source of capital requiring a higher return than our shareholders’ equity. Because we understand these facts, you can be assured that the capital we invest will be subjected to rigorous analysis and will seek returns worthy of your investment.
These six macro objectives are the guidelines by which we intend to measure ourselves and be judged by the financial community in the coming years. We believe the attainment of these objectives will represent another chapter in your Company’s history: the return of long-term disciplined and profitable growth. Since our opportunities are large, our competition is strong. This Company embraces the challenge. We are proud of our accomplishments but clearly are not satisfied. We look forward to executing on our strategy.
...McDerMott Is More than you thInk
I regularly hear or read someone’s description of what they believe McDermott to be. In reality, McDermott is almost always much more than they understand and articulate.
For instance, McDermott is strong in North America, but our reach spans the globe. We’re a market leader in power generation, but equally recognized in oil & gas and government operations. Engineering & construction is our industry, but we also have a solid parts and service business as well as specialty manufacturing operations. Just about any way we can be described, there’s more that can be added.
Probably the best description of who “McDermott is” would be my 27,800-plus co-workers, each of whom I proudly call my colleague. In a competitive marketplace, these men and women
chose to be with McDermott during our difficult times and they represent why I am
so confident we will be successful going forward.
Best regards,
Bruce W. Wilkinson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
a Talented, Global Workforce
Based in Houston, Texas, McDermott’s operations and its 27,800-plus employees across the country and around the globe, help support the world’s energy needs.
               6
