LEARNING FROM OUR PAST, FOCUSING ON OUR FUTURE
TOOUR SHAREHOLDERS
McDermott serves the national security and energy needs of the United States and supports the energy infrastructure of nations worldwide. Both of our major business segments have substantial opportunities in 2003 and beyond. While our operating performance in 2002 was unacceptable, we have taken actions that will enable the company to transform these opportunities into value for you, our shareholders.
Substantially all of our operating loss was due to the poor performance of J. Ray McDermott (“J. Ray”), our marine construction services business. More specifically, it was largely due to the flawed execution strategy J. Ray used for its three spar projects. The contracts were priced on a lump-sum
basis and require that J. Ray engineer, procure, install and construct (“EPIC”) the truss spar floating production platforms. J. Ray signed its first EPIC spar contract in early 2001 for the Medusa project. Within thirteen months, it signed two addi- tional lump-sum contracts for the Devils Tower and Front Runner spar projects, each with an EPIC scope.
The spar design is a proprietary technology owned by J. Ray and another company. While J. Ray has prior experience with four other spar projects, it had not previously engineered and fabricated the hull section of this type of floating production structure. Unexpected design and production inefficiencies were encountered in fabrication of the hull. J. Ray also is experiencing project problems with the fabrication of the top- sides, resulting from poor execution at facilities that were either re-opened after many years of closure or that are performing tasks never before undertaken at those locations. The financial and human toll has been significant, and the lessons learned are profound.
 02 MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL 2002 ANNUAL REPORT
 
“Our customers value our reputation for delivering engineering and construction solutions for the offshore oil and gas production market. Clearly, 2003 is a turn- around year to further stabilize operations and position
J. Ray for future growth and profitability. We believe that the worst is behind us and that J. Ray can move forward to a brighter future.”
During 2002, based on the lessons learned from the EPIC spar projects, we took decisive steps intended to achieve a turnaround at J. Ray. While we believe that spar technology has a substantial future in the deepwater market, we have implemented a more risk-averse strategy for its future development. We have also improved controls and are continuing to increase the rigor and discipline throughout the bidding, contracting and project management processes.
In March 2003, we named Bob Deason as the new President and Chief Operating Officer of J. Ray McDermott. Bob’s long and successful career in the upstream oil and gas sector of the engineering and construction industry makes him uniquely qualified to lead J. Ray into the future. His most immediate challenge is to manage the remain- ing scope of the spar projects to conclusion throughout 2003 and into early 2004 without any further losses and to ensure effective execution of J. Ray’s record $2.1 bil- lion backlog. Clearly, 2003 is a turnaround year to further stabilize operations and position J. Ray for future growth and profitability. We believe that the worst is behind us and that J. Ray McDermott can move forward to a brighter future.
Our government operations business, BWX Technologies (“BWXT”), achieved a new level of performance excellence in 2002. BWXT’s operating income increased by 14 percent over last year, while its backlog grew to nearly $1.7 billion, the highest level in its history. BWXT’s performance at all of the sites it manages for the U.S. Department of Energy resulted in service fees that were uniformly higher than histor- ical averages. Through its work in both prime and subcontract roles, BWXT contin- ues to extend its core capabilities of managing complex nuclear and national security operations. Our nation’s expanded commitment to homeland security and national defense will continue to create new opportunities for BWXT.
During late 2002, John Fees, a 23-year McDermott veteran, transitioned into the role of President and Chief Operating Officer of BWXT, replacing Allen Womack who retired at the end of last year. John’s leadership will enable BWXT to continue its strong financial and operational performance in its existing core com- petencies while also expanding the business into additional new and complementary products and services.
03
 
LEARNING FROM OUR PAST, FOCUSING ON OUR FUTURE
“Our government operations business, BWXT, achieved a new level of performance excellence in 2002. Our nation’s expanded commitment to homeland security and national defense will continue to create new opportunities for BWXT and will enable it to continue its strong financial and operational performance.”
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
The Babcock & Wilcox Company (“B&W”) achieved record financial performance in 2002 despite a very difficult and demanding market for its products and services. McDermott has not consolidated B&W results since it filed Chapter 11 in early 2000. In December 2002, we filed a Settlement Agreement and Consensual Plan of Reorganization (“Plan”) with the bankruptcy court (“Court”). This was the culmina- tion of three years of litigation and negotiations with the representatives of the asbestos claimants that included a difficult legal battle to protect our investment in BWXT. The Plan includes conveyance of the B&W equity, applicable insurance proceeds, a long- term unsecured note of $92 million and 4.75 million shares of McDermott stock (with certain price guarantees) to a trust, for which McDermott is given a full and complete release under the bankruptcy code that provides protection to the company from all current and future B&W asbestos claims, as well as other protection. Bankruptcy dis- closure hearings on the Plan are in process, and we hope to have the B&W issue resolved later in 2003. The Plan is subject to approval by 75 percent of the claimants, approval by our Board of Directors and our shareholders, and Court confirmation.
Our financial results were negatively affected by a number of other issues. We wrote off our investment in B&W and recorded a provision for the future costs of resolving the B&W Chapter 11. We also recorded a goodwill impairment charge for
J. Ray during the third quarter of 2002, which was largely a result of the deteriora- tion of its financial performance on the three spar projects. Additionally, due to weak financial market conditions, we were required to increase the minimum pen- sion liability for McDermott’s defined benefit plans. While the majority of the fore- going are non-cash charges, cumulatively they dramatically reduced shareholders’ equity as of the end of 2002.
During 2002, we recruited a new CFO and a new treasurer, both of whom were instrumental in completing the recent refinancing of our credit facility in a difficult credit market. By the end of 2003, we expect to put a more permanent capital struc- ture in place to support our two operations that represent the future McDermott International — J. Ray McDermott and BWX Technologies. We will closely monitor liquidity during 2003, as we work through the cost overruns on the spar projects.
04 MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL 2002 ANNUAL REPORT
 
“I truly believe that we have the right people in leadership posi- tions, and that we have taken the actions necessary to solidify and turn around our business in 2003 and to create a platform for growth in 2004 and beyond.”
2002 was a year that could be described as “The Perfect Storm” where a num- ber of events came together simultaneously to cause a serious financial impact on our company.
2003 will be a pivotal year for McDermott. We have the right leadership in place at our two operating businesses. The outlook for resolution of the B&W bankruptcy during 2003 is positive, although not certain. While J. Ray’s 2002 financial per- formance was dismal, our customers still value our reputation for delivering engi- neering and construction solutions for the offshore oil and gas production market. BWXT continues to get stronger, and removing the cloud of the B&W bankruptcy is extremely beneficial to our company. We have industry-leading safety performance and a long established commitment to high standards of corporate ethics, compli- ance and governance. We will continue to make these areas a priority. McDermott was incorporated in 1959, and the enterprises that were the forbearers of our marine construction services and government operations businesses operated for many years prior to that time. We have weathered rough times before. I truly believe that we have the right people in leadership positions, and that we have taken the actions neces- sary to solidify and turn around our business in 2003 and to create a platform for growth in 2004 and beyond.
I want to thank our employees for their dedica- tion as we worked through critical issues. I appreci- ate your continued support during these tough times and look forward to sharing better times ahead.
Sincerely,
Bruce W. Wilkinson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 2003
   