   To Our Shareholders
McDermott ended 2012 with excellent growth prospects, achieving significant prog- ress toward the realization of strategic initiatives that were commenced in 2010 and continued throughout this year. We have transformed our company for the future with disciplined investments that position us to meet the needs of our end markets and provide our customers with local engineering, procurement, construction and installation (“EPCI”) solutions.
Building fOr grOwth
McDermott enjoyed a record year-end backlog, having built momentum early in 2012, when the company was awarded one of the largest contracts in its history, INPEX’s $2 billion Ichthys subsea project offshore Northern Australia, which was also the industry’s largest SURF (Subsea Umbilical, Risers and Flowlines) contract to date. Securing our re-entry into the grow- ing subsea arena, this award dramatically focuses us on new, vibrant markets.
One of our greatest strengths is the quality of our
human capital. We have been identifying, developing
and recruiting the technical and managerial talent that will drive the company’s vision for years to come. In our efforts to further develop our SURF business strategy, we are assembling a highly experienced and talented team to lead our further expansion in this market.
Strategy in aCtiOn: new and upgraded aSSetS
After a number of years in which we did not pursue capital projects as aggressively as some of our competitors, McDermott enhanced its capabilities in 2012 by committing to invest more than $750 million of growth capital in marine and fabrication assets over the next three years. Recognizing the changing offshore oil and gas markets, management employed a disciplined, methodical approach to these capital expenditures using robust market analytics, customer insight and specific project opportunities in furtherance of our three strategic end markets: conventional infrastructure, floating solutions and SURF. Our enhanced fleet and fabrication facilities will better serve all our customers around the world and allow us to compete for increasingly complex deepwater floating and subsea programs.
 Bookings by End Market
in billions
SURF & Charter Floating Conventional
$4.8
$4.2 Backlog by
$2.3 End Market at December 31, 2012
         SURF & Charter (58%) Floating (3%) Conventional (39%)
       2010 2011 2012
 013
 Our employees are the real force behind the company’s future and the engine that will keep it moving in the right direction.
  
   lay veSSel nOrth OCean 105
Fast-transit, dynamically positioned (DP2) vessel with an advanced reeled system capable of rigid and flexible pipelay in up to 10,000 feet of water.
 02

 Letter, continued
In December, we initiated construction of a new high-spec combination deepwater S-lay vessel, the DLV2000. With an anticipated cost of $450 million and delivery
in mid-2015, the new vessel’s fast transit, 2,000-ton crane and large diameter, deepwater pipelay capability is well suited to the bulk of undersupplied demand that we forecast in the deepwater and subsea markets.
Earlier in the year, we contracted for the construction of the new Lay Vessel 108. Designed as a sister ship to the Lay Vessel North Ocean 105, which was delivered from the shipyard in August 2012, the LV108 is estimated to cost $260 million and
be available for subsea projects in the second half of 2014. Both the LV105 and LV108 are designed with rigid reel and flexlay capability to support our growth in the SURF market. Although only in service for a few months, the LV105 has been met with enthusiastic customer response and performed successfully. We anticipate high utilization levels for the vessel in the years ahead.
During the year, we continued the upgrade program for our existing marine fleet that began in 2010. We completed the refitting of the Derrick Barge 50 with a new deepwater lowering system, new power plant and new thrusters, which will provide improved station-keeping capability to perform work for subsea installations in a wider variety of weather conditions.
The upgrade program will continue in 2013, when the Lay Barge 32 will receive a 1,600-ton crane and be rechristened the Derrick Barge 32; and the Derrick Barge
30 is planned to go into dry dock to be enhanced with dynamic positioning capability. Concurrent with these developments, we are actively divesting non-core marine assets.
Complementing the marine program, McDermott also continues to invest in its fabrication facilities around the globe. Our Altamira fabrication yard near Tampico, Mexico is being substantially enhanced on a just-in-time basis to meet the demands of customers who fabricate components in the Western hemisphere.
With our Atlantic region’s new leadership, a targeted focus on prospective work, and right-sizing of the organization to meet the market, we were awarded more than $700 million of new business in the region during 2012, including a sizable drilling platform project for PEMEX and our first rig repair contracts at the Altamira facility. Industry-wide, rig repair represents a growing market, and we believe we have the right assets and skill set to address that market in a meaningful way.
$23.5 $19.0
  Revenue Pipeline
in billions
Target Projects Bids Outstanding Backlog
$19.6
               2010 2011 2012
  03
  derriCk lay veSSel 2000
Derrick Lay Vessel 2000 is a dynami- cally-positioned combination S-Lay vessel with a 2,000-ton crane and 50-inch or larger pipelay capability in water depths up to 10,000 feet.
The vessel will be constructed in Singapore and we expect delivery
in mid-2015. It is targeted to address the robust market demand for large diameter trunklines.

 We have transformed our company for the future with disciplined investments that position us to meet the needs of our end markets.
 Letter, continued
Among the challenges in our industry are the various local-content rules and regula- tions that many countries have enacted to encourage domestic construction activity. During the year, McDermott negotiated joint-venture agreements and expanded our reach to address growing demand throughout the world. We overcame barri- ers to create opportunities. McDermott agreed to joint-venture with TH Heavy Engineering, a Malaysian fabrication firm, to create a locally licensed engineering, procurement, construction and marine
installation group of companies. We also positioned ourselves to better access the significant market in Brazil through our joint-venture with two local firms, with the aim to invest in a Brazilian fabrication yard contingent upon being awarded a contract from Petrobras. Additionally, we reorganized some of our relationships to meet the growing demands in Indonesia, where McDermott has substantial capability through its Batam Island fabrication yard, and in the Middle East, where in 2012 we opened an engineering office focused on Saudi Aramco programs.
peOple pOwer
The accomplishments of 2012 would not have been possible without the diligent execution of our talented employees. I would like to personally congratulate all of our employees for their effort and dedication in 2012, and I look forward to the fruits of their efforts in 2013 and beyond. They are the real force behind the company’s future and the engine that will keep it moving in the right direction.
Throughout our organization, we have talked internally and externally about “delivering certainty,” a theme that drives our activity at McDermott. That slogan reflects the disciplined approach shared by all 14,000 McDermott employees worldwide, who
are committed to creating predictable outcomes for our customers’ projects – and for our shareholders.
That attitude, we can assure you, will not change. It is an honor to serve you. Kindest Regards,
Stephen M. Johnson
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
     04
