TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
BuildingValue
As I look back on 2003, McDermott International, Inc. (“McDermott”) recognized a combination of important achievements, familiar challenges as well as signs of promise that we’re building an improved future together. For 2004 and beyond, our goals have not changed from what I’ve articulated in the past: we seek to build sustainable profitability around our three “franchise name” businesses, improve our liquidity and strengthen the balance sheet, and continue to sim- plify our corporate structure.
McDermott consists of three different operating subsidiaries. BWX Technologies (“BWXT”) is our government operations segment in the defense industry. J. Ray McDermott (“J. Ray”) comprises our marine construction segment. Together, BWXT and J. Ray are the segments con- tained in McDermott’s consolidated financial results shown in the attached Form 10-K. The third business is The Babcock and Wilcox Company (“B&W”), a leading supplier in the power generation industry. B&W has not been consolidated in McDermott’s financial statements since it filed for bankruptcy in early 2000. B&W’s insolvency was not related to its operations, but rather to the insurmountable number of legal claims filed against it related to asbestos. Condensed results of B&W are included in Note 20 in the attached Form 10-K.
Achievements, challenges and signs of promise
Key achievements during the year included:
• Thesubstantialrefinancingofthecompany’scapitalstructure
• BWXT’srecordsettingfinancialperformanceandbacklog
• Resolutionofsomesignificantlegalchallengesfacingthecompany,andgoodprogress
on others
• Improvement to the leadership throughout the company
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
“ For 2004 and beyond, our goals have not changed from what I’ve articulated in the past: we seek to build sustainable profitability around our three ‘franchise name’ businesses, improve our liquidity and strengthen the balance sheet, and continue to simplify our corporate structure.”
 01

Building >> The 2003 Annual Report
J Ray McDermott Backlog
“ BWXT achieved record levels of profitability and backlog. BWXT attained segment income of $86.7 million during 2003, an improvement of 46 percent versus the prior year. In addition, BWXT completed the year with a record backlog of $1.8 billion.”
Perhaps the greatest challenge facing McDermott as it entered 2003 was to obtain a finan- cial structure that would support the company over the longer term. At the beginning of 2003, we faced a February expiration of our credit facility combined with expected cash losses from operations. We signed a new one-year bank facility in February, but with our weakened credit profile, the facility had neither the capacity nor the flexibility needed to operate our businesses long term. The finance organization set out to obtain more permanent financing at the operat- ing subsidiaries. That was largely accomplished in December with the issuance of $200 million of J. Ray’s 11 percent, senior secured notes, the signing of a $135 million, three-year revolving credit facility at BWXT and the extension of B&W’s debtor-in-possession credit facility. The final com- ponent is for J. Ray to complete negotiations on a new letter-of-credit (LC) facility. Once an LC facility is signed, these new securities and facilities will provide McDermott’s major subsidiaries with the capital needed to operate their business and will reduce the liquidity concerns sur- rounding our subsidiaries, positioning them for growth. I appreciate the confidence our new lenders and investors have displayed in the future of our businesses.
Under the first full year of leadership by John Fees, BWXT achieved record levels of prof- itability and backlog. As a leading participant in the lifecycle management of complex, high consequence nuclear and national security operations, BWXT attained segment income of $86.7 million during 2003, an improvement of 46 percent versus the prior year. In addition, BWXT completed the year with a record backlog of $1.8 billion.
We made significant strides in resolving many of the various legal proceedings to which McDermott or its subsidiaries were a participant. In particular, our legal staff resolved significant aspects of the Petronius dispute which began in 1999. In addition, we resolved almost all of the remaining anti-trust claims filed against J. Ray between 1998 and 2000.
Familiar Challenges at McDermott
The challenges facing the company today are not new. They include:
• RealizingsustainableprofitabilityatJ.Ray
• Emergingfromthefour-year-oldB&Wbankruptcy
• Managingtheliabilityassociatedwithourdefinedbenefitpensionplans
The best signal we can give shareholders that our financial performance has turned the corner is to achieve sustainable financial results. We are not there yet, due to inconsistency at J. Ray. In 2003, J. Ray produced two quarters of segment income, but for the year it realized a seg- ment loss of $45.9 million. J. Ray’s performance was largely muted by $119.6 million in losses associated with fixed price, first-of-a-kind contracts whose risk/reward profiles were skewed and the execution was flawed. Two of these projects, the Medusa and Devils Tower spars, are now substantially complete. The three remaining, Carina Aries (a pipelay project in Argentina), the Belanak FPSO in Indonesia and a third spar, Front Runner, will be finished in 2004. While all of these loss-generating contracts were entered into by previous J. Ray management, the current team is responsible for their completion. J. Ray has implemented improved financial discipline
$ in millions
$2,100 $1,800
$1,400
01 02 03
   02 McDermott International

BWXT Backlog
“ B&W is the single biggest unknown associated with McDermott’s future. I urge our shareholders to contact their Senators and congressional representatives and ask them to pass asbestos resolution legislation and do so immediately.”
and risk management to prevent these types of contracts in the future. The new challenge at J. Ray is to build a pipeline of sufficient, profitable work. While the second half of 2003 saw a reasonable level of bidding activity for new projects, there was an industry-wide slowdown in awards. This will challenge J. Ray’s performance in the first half of 2004 as the capacity and the costs of our facilities may exceed the work we have in backlog. J. Ray is working diligently, but overall it is not yet at the consistent profitability level required.
B&W is the single biggest unknown associated with McDermott’s future. As I mentioned earlier, B&W filed for bankruptcy due to the use of asbestos in its products prior to McDermott’s acquisition of B&W in 1978 and the hundreds of thousands of claims which followed alleging exposure, mostly from claimants who display no ill-effects of asbestos exposure.
There are only two outcomes available to emerge B&W from its bankruptcy, and we are pursuing both simultaneously. The first alternative is through a negotiated settlement with the asbestos claimants and their lawyers. This plan involves giving to the plaintiff’s trust 100 per- cent of the stock of B&W and its subsidiaries, issuing a $92 million note from McDermott Incorporated and delivering 4.75 million new shares of McDermott stock with certain price guarantees. Additionally, rights to over a billion dollars of insurance coverage would be assigned to the trust.
The second and preferred alternative for B&W relates to the proposed national legislative solution currently being discussed in the U.S. Senate. This solution involves the creation of a national trust for all the victims of asbestos exposure. This trust would be publicly administered but privately funded by companies like B&W and its insurers. I fully believe this legislative solu- tion is the best alternative, not only for McDermott and our shareholders, but for the victims of asbestos exposure and for our national economy.
At December’s special shareholders meeting, the board of directors was given the author- ity to consider approving the negotiated settlement when the plan is ready to become effec- tive. The asbestos claimants also approved the plan. The material question is whether your Senators and representatives in Washington will approve a bill creating a legislative solution prior to the settlement becoming effective.
I urge our shareholders to contact their Senators and congressional representatives and ask them to pass asbestos resolution legislation, and do so immediately. Everyone at McDermott is sympathetic to the victims of asbestos exposure and wants a system in place to compensate the sick in a fair, timely fashion. The approach of massive lawsuits, largely from claimants displaying no signs of illness, is not working. A national trust seems to be the only approach that will keep companies solvent, compensate the sick, clear our courts and improve the prospects for labor in our country.
The final challenge we face is the liability associated with McDermott’s defined benefit pension plan. In 2003, we charged $89 million against the income statement related to pensions. The vast majority of that amount was non-cash, qualified corporate pension expense ($76 million), but the amount represents a substantial burden to our earnings nonetheless. We have taken
$ in millions
$1,800 $1,700
$1,000
01 02 03
   03

Building >> The 2003 Annual Report
“ By no means is our work completed or the turnaround date known. We will continue to be open and forthright with you in good times and bad. There are no quick fixes but we are working to build a better company each and every day.”
action to minimize the future cost of these plans. In March 2003, J. Ray froze its pension plan to existing participants while increasing its contribution to employees’ 401(k)s. Decisions like this are difficult ones to make. We plan to fulfill the pension promises that were made in the past, but we must continue to ensure that promises we make going forward are those that we can afford. In 2004, non-cash, qualified corporate pension expense is expected to decline to approx- imately $63 million.
Promising Signs
By no means is our work completed or the turnaround date known, but our 16,000 McDermott employees are working to create the consistently profitable company that rewards your invest- ment. Some of the promising signs I see are:
• McDermott’sstockpriceincreasedduringtheyear173percentfromDecember31,2002
• AresolutionoftheB&Wbankruptcybylegislationorsettlementcouldoccurin2004or2005 • Ourthreefranchisenamedbusinessesmaintainedleadershipintheirrespectiveindustrysectors My colleagues and I are a shareholder-focused management team. McDermott shares were volatile during the year as choppy financial results, liquidity concerns and the ebb and flow of asbestos legislation impacted our trading. In addition, McDermott was removed from the S&P 500 index during 2003 which forced most of the tracking index funds to sell. We are pleased that despite the volatility, your stock’s value improved year-over-year. During 2003, we met with the majority of our shareholder base in meetings and at conferences. We will continue to be open and forthright with you in good times and bad. I appreciate the trust and confidence that you have placed in us and will work diligently to improve the long-term value of your company.
There are no quick fixes but we are working to build a better company each and every day.
In this letter, my intent was to discuss frankly with you the major issues in our business. I encourage you to read thoroughly the attached Form 10-K to familiarize yourself with our financial results and other matters. To provide a brief summary of our financials, McDermott’s revenues increased 35 percent versus 2002 to $2.3 billion, but we realized a net loss of $95.2 mil- lion. The net loss includes pretax amounts of $14.5 million related to a non-cash mark-to-mar- ket expense associated with the proposed B&W asbestos settlement, $89.2 million of pension expenses and $119.6 million of losses at J. Ray related to the five projects previously discussed. Even though the end is in sight on the J. Ray projects, we are not satisfied with this level of per- formance. I expect that 2004 will continue to be a turnaround year at J. Ray, but we are build-
ing the foundation from which a prosperous future can be attained.
If I sound optimistic about our company, it’s because I am. McDermott has endured its
most challenging period in its history and we are dedicated to building a better future. I thank you for your continued trust and support.
Bruce W. Wilkinson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 2004
 04 McDermott International
