                 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
When I last wrote, my tenure at McDermott had just started. My strong sense was that McDermott had all the required com- ponents necessary to succeed as an industry leader. Today, given the way the organization has embraced its challenges and transformed itself over the past 12 months, I believe that more than ever.
2014 was a year of significant progress for McDermott. We stabilized the business and moved the Company forward to deliver greater value to our customers and shareholders. The objectives we set out as part of our turnaround efforts included:
• Reorganizing into a stronger, more engaged organization; • Improving project execution;
• Renewing our customer focus; and
• Instilling greater financial discipline.
Today, compared to a year ago, McDermott is in a much stronger position as a result of our actions.
With the recapitalization of the Company in early 2014,
we raised the liquidity needed to work through our legacy contracts, capital expenditure commitments and support our initiatives for the foreseeable future. We established a new orga- nizational structure and brought in new leaders to complement the Company’s existing talent, to help turn our action plan
into a reality. Our commitment to addressing our client needs and a renewed focus on these relationships is showing strong, tangible results.
CULTURE AND ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
One of our key 2014 objectives was to refine and to reshape the Company to establish a culture of change. At its core, an organization driven by innovative ideas, challenging the status quo and promoting a “One McDermott” mentality.
That organizational structure is now in place. We consolidated layers of management, which has brought our executives much closer to the work-face of our project operations. We have developed global standards for bidding, established a central- ized QHSES group and brought concentration to our offshore and subsea markets. Additionally, our ability to identify risk and opportunities earlier in our projects, through greater over- sight, are now inherent in our organizational structure. As opportunities are identified, we have positioned ourselves
to capitalize on them. Should potential issues become known, we are actively addressing them upfront to mitigate any consequences.
With respect to our customers, we are reaching out at multiple levels within their organizations to develop and build deeper relationships. We look for opportunities where McDermott’s capabilities and geographic positioning are strategically aligned with our client’s project objectives. Today, we are focused on prospects for which we have significant differentiating factors from our competition – whether in our engineering expertise, procurement capabilities, state-of-the-art fabrication facilities or specialized vessel fleet. Our increased level of customer interac- tion is providing McDermott more confidence and awareness in all aspects of existing or new project execution.
IMPROVING PROJECT EXECUTION
A key component in executing industry-leading EPCI projects
is people. We have enhanced a world-class workforce to develop innovative solutions to meet the complex demands of our cus- tomers. With this team, we have been able to achieve some significant first-of-a-kind milestones in various parts of the world, including:
• The first installation of a rigid-reeled pipe-in-pipe in the Asia-Pacific area for the Murphy Siakap North-Petai project,
a highly complex deepwater effort at 5,000 foot water depth;
• The first dry tree floating platform in South America for the Petrobras Papa Terra P-61 project; and
• The successful engineering and fabrication of the largest subsea structure ever laid on the seabed floor on the INPEX Ichthys project in Australia.
Additionally, last year marked our return to Brunei for the
first time in more than 20 years. In March, we were awarded
a transportation and installation contract with Brunei Shell Petroleum. With a focus on schedule and efficient project execution, we planned appropriately, had reliable offshore operations and an excellent safety performance. We delivered the full installation project with the quality that the McDermott brand represents; overall, the project was a technical, commer- cial and financial success story. Our accomplishment on
this project has resulted in Brunei Shell Petroleum awarding McDermott with a new three-year installation contract.
01

                      LETTER CONTINUED
In the third quarter, we completed the high profile Chevron- operated Jack & St. Malo project in roughly 7,000 feet of water. Jack & St. Malo is one of the largest ongoing field developments in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. McDermott’s work involved the instal- lation of complex umbilical systems and the tie-in of all of the jumper spools that hook up to the field’s wellheads. Ultimately, our work was the last part of the development before first pro- duction flowed into the pipeline systems. It was a significant technical achievement for the Company and more importantly, we believe we have a very satisfied customer.
In Australia, we reached significant de-risking milestones on
the INPEX-operated Ichthys project, the industry’s largest subsea contract at its time of award. Since January 2012, McDermott has completed the subsea engineering, successfully executed a large and complex procurement program with a large group of suppliers and commenced the fabrication of hun- dreds of complex subsea structures totaling over 28,000-tons, in our Batam Island fabrication yard. Our most recent milestone was the load-out of the foundation of the 9,400-ton Riser Support Structure, allowing the pipe installation campaign
to begin. We expect to have McDermott vessels, including
our new Construction Support Vessel 108, at the Ichthys field later this year. A top priority for McDermott, Ichthys serves as a milestone for McDermott’s entry into the subsea market. The project’s ongoing execution success has elevated McDermott’s brand and reputation in the contractor community as a leader in complex subsea engineering, procurement, construction and project management.
Improving McDermott’s project execution has been a critical component to our transformation, as is our ability to win new work from repeat customers. Most importantly, the results we have achieved are bearing fruit as we enter 2015. Our work is progressing on schedule on the INPEX project. We have been awarded a new multi-year brownfield offshore pipeline installa- tion project for Brunei Shell Petroleum. More recently, we have been awarded two new projects in the Middle East. The first
award is with Saudi Aramco, a long-time customer, for a significant power supply system replacement for the Marjan field, offshore Saudi Arabia. This significant brownfield project will utilize the entire scope of McDermott’s EPCI expertise over the next two years. The next award, a brownfield EPCI contract for a wellhead jacket deck and umbilical removal for Qatar Petroleum, marks the first project in Qatar’s North Field in over five years. These new awards showcase the strength of our organization in the Middle East, our strong relationships with the national oil com- panies and the value of McDermott’s integrated EPCI solutions.
INSTILLING FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE
Inherent in the reorganization and turnaround of the Company was the understanding that accountability and an emphasis
on the cost structure are critical to McDermott’s longer-term success. To build a more stable financial foundation, we recapi- talized our business in April, raising the liquidity needed for the foreseeable future.
Throughout the year, we sold off non-core assets, reduced
our discretionary capital expenditures and introduced compen- sation metrics that focus on cash flow. We increased the level
of responsibility and accountability of our operations manage- ment and project teams for the underlying profitability of
their business lines. At the end of the year, we launched a
new initiative focused on three key components – increased organizational efficiencies, centralization of various front- and back-office functions and an operational cost plan to leverage McDermott’s global scale and the outsourcing of some non-core business activities.
While we built a platform for near-term growth in 2014, we are also aware of the longer-term challenges of a low oil and gas price environment to McDermott and the industry. To ensure
we deliver on our commitments in this difficult external environ- ment and achieve further efficiencies in the organization, we are taking further necessary cost-reduction actions that we expect will result in substantial savings in 2015 and beyond.
 02

                 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
  (Figures are presented on the basis of continuing
operations; $ in millions, except per share amounts) 2012
Revenues $ 3,641.6 $ Operating Income (Loss) $ 307.1 $ Net Income/(Loss) $ 194.5 $ Earnings Per Diluted Share $ 0.82 $ Weighted Average Diluted Shares 237.6
Cash including Restricted* $ 658.3 $ Investments** $ 46.0 $ Long-term Debt $ 88.6 $ Total Assets $ 3,333.6 $ Backlog $ 5,067.2 $
*Includes cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments. **Includes mutual funds, asset-back securities, commercial paper.
2013 2014
           REVENUES
in billions
OPERATING INCOME
in billions 2014: 0.01
2013: -0.46
2012: 0.31
2,658.9 (456.7) (516.9) (2.15)
236.5 142.4 13.5 49.0 2,807.4 4,802.2
BACKLOG
in billions
$ 2,300.9
$ 8.6
$ (76.0) $ (0.32)
237.2 $ 852.9 $ 3.9 $ 864.5 $ 3,444.0 $ 3,601.0
2014: 3.6 2013: 4.8
2012: 5.1
   2014: 2.3 2013: 2.7
2012: 3.6
      03

                       LETTER CONTINUED
PARTNERING FOR THE FUTURE
A majority of what I have shared thus far has been about the near- and medium-term restructuring of McDermott and the progress we have made over the last year. There exists however, many other opportunities to increase the horizontal and vertical integration of our EPCI capabilities – through interacting with our customers earlier in their projects and offering a broader suite of solutions.
Earlier this year, we announced new strategic partnerships with two industry leaders that substantially enhance McDermott’s offerings to customers – one in the early stages of project design and the other to expand our offering for large, complex deepwater EPCI field developments.
In January, we formed a venture with GE Oil & Gas for ear- ly-stage conceptual and pre-FEED consulting for offshore
and subsea field developments. Our objective with io oil & gas consultingTM is to design more cost and time efficient solutions at the front-end of EPCI projects. Clients gain better insight into price dynamics of their proposed field plans, combined with greater execution certainty when they move their projects forward to implementation. With McDermott’s experience and insight into real world execution, customers gain first-hand knowledge of what does and does not work in offshore and subsea environments – an invaluable tool in ensuring a project’s long-term success.
In February, we formed a strategic marketing alliance with Petrofac, a leading EPC company, to pursue large subsea deep- water EPCI projects. Leveraging the complementary capabilities and experience of both companies, the alliance will open up fur- ther EPCI opportunities by combining McDermott’s specialty SURF fleet, our new Derrick Lay Vessel, the DLV 2000
and strong subsea fabrication capabilities, with Petrofac’s
world-class JSD 6000 installation vessel. Currently under construction, the JSD 6000 complements our existing fleet by offering top-tier, ultra-deepwater capabilities. Together, we plan to provide clients with an integrated, top-tier solution on the largest and most complex deepwater developments.
ELEVATING OUR COMPANY
In many ways, we expect the new year will be similar to 2014,
a year of stability and transition. We expect our operations to continue to improve, while recognizing the ongoing challenges of the current macro environment. To ensure we deliver on our commitments to customers, shareholders and employees, we will maintain our unwavering focus on the long-term health of our Company and on the global opportunities we have in
front of us.
As we look toward the next chapter in McDermott’s history,
I am proud to acknowledge all the hard work in the last year
that has gone into reshaping our organization. We have made great strides in changing our cultural accountability, improving our project execution and instilling a sense of financial discipline that we believe will allow our Company to be a competitive force in the industry going forward.
I hope you share my satisfaction in our accomplishments for 2014 and look forward to the next part of McDermott’s evolution in providing leading EPCI solutions for customers around the world.
Sincerely,
David Dickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
       04
