 McDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 ANNUAL REPORT | 1
 TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS
Two-thousand-sixteen was a break- through year for McDermott. We delivered strong financial results and
industry-leading shareholder returns despite the prolonged down cycle in
our industry. More importantly, we have positioned the company for stability and additional growth, both in the current environment and for the future.
We delivered total shareholder returns of 120 percent to lead our peers for the second consecutive year. We also built a solid foundation for the future. With robust order intake, we achieved 1.0X book-to-bill in the continued low-price environment. We ended the year with $3.0 billion of our projected 2017 revenue in backlog and total backlog of $4.3 billion.
Looking beyond the business cycle, we continue capturing opportunities to grow and strengthen the competitive advantage of our vertically integrated business model. In 2016, we built out our capabilities in Mexico by hiring over 80 engineers and support resources in our Mexico City office, as well as begin- ning upgrades in our Altamira Fabrication yard to align with customer needs. Globally, we expanded
our engineering staff by more than 20 percent in 2016 and grew our pre-FEED and FEED work significantly. In early 2017, we announced the opportunistic acquisi- tion and subsequent sale leaseback of the deepwater pipelay and construction vessel Amazon at a fraction of the new-build cost.
   
INDUSTRY-LEADING SAFETY
McDermott ended 2016 with a Total Recordable Injury Rate of 0.12 compared to 0.24 for the International Association of
Oil & Gas Producers and 0.43 for the International Marine Contractors Association in 2015, the last year for which industry figures are available.
FOCUS DRIVES RESULTS
Our 2016 results reflect our success in executing on five focus areas:
• Demonstrate schedule and cost execution and improve liquidity,
• Drive integration of our processes and capabilities,
• Focus on National Oil Companies (NOC) and markets where capital
is being invested,
• Maintain our Middle East market leader position, and
• Grow customer alignment and the strength of our relationships.
EXECUTION
Solid project execution and diligent cost management drove our financial
and operational success in 2016. We achieved this through a consistent global focus on safety, process, quality and performance. Key initiatives, including the One McDermott Way and Taking the Lead with safety, have been central to
our operational performance.
In addition to meeting project milestones in all of our operating areas, we have set new industry records for safety with a 2016 TRIR of 0.12. We are particularly proud of our Middle East region, which reached 48 million man-hours without a lost-time incident (LTI) in 2016 and, in early 2017, topped 50 million man-hours LTI-free.
As the energy industry struggles through one of the longest down cycles in its history, disciplined cost management is central to McDermott’s profitability. Our cost-management programs, which contribute to improved liquidity, achieved savings at or above the targets we set. Completed in the third quarter of 2016, our cost-restructuring program, the McDermott Profitability Initiative, is expected to save $150 million annually and our Additional Overhead Reduction program, completed by the end of 2016, is expected to produce more than $50 million
of cash savings annually.
INTEGRATION
McDermott’s unique ability to offer vertically integrated, life-of-field services
is a key competitive advantage, particularly with National Oil Companies, which account for the majority of opportunities in the current market environment. Our increased emphasis on pre-FEED and FEED work extends this advantage as part of a strategic focus on engineering as an enabler and a differentiator. Coupled with our capabilities in fabrication and installation, our engineering expertise builds cus- tomer confidence in project feasibility, constructability, schedule and cost.
Added to our vertically integrated business model is the integration – in all areas of our business and across our global footprint – of the way we execute projects. One McDermott Way has created company-wide consistency in systems, processes, execution and culture. Our employees have embraced this new culture, which drives efficiency and enables us to make full use of our global capabilities.
Working as one organization, doing things the same way, we can share work across regions to better match our utilization to customer demand. Customers can count on uniform processes, systems and the same high standards everywhere. We demonstrated the benefits of the One McDermott Way by work-sharing fabri- cation for a Saudi Aramco project at our Batam yard and by conducting front-end engineering for our Abkatun project in Kuala Lumpur while we continue to build our engineering resources in Mexico.
/0.12
MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC.
/0.24
INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF OIL & GAS PRODUCERS
/0.43
INTERNATIONAL MARINE CONTRACTORS ASSOCIATION
TRIR
 TRIR
 TRIR
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              McDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2016 ANNUAL REPORT | 3
             TAKING T
HE LEAD
 IN SAFETY
Not only is safety a prerequisite for flawless project execution, McDermott’s strong safety culture
reflects the company’s commitment to the wellbeing of our employees. For the past six years, we have signifi- cantly out-performed the industry in Total Recordable
Injury Rates, and we continue to improve. We reduced our TRIR from 0.29 in 2010 to 0.12 in 2016, and we are
  determined to continue the positive trend. Designed to maintain safety as an integral value within our corpo- rate culture, McDermott’s “Taking the Lead” initiative
keeps safety front and center with our employees. Our uncompromising attitude toward safety was reflected
in several milestones in our Middle East region, which reac ed48millionman- ourswithoutalost-timeinci- dent n 2016 and, in early 2017, topped 50 million man-
    hours LTI-free.
                hh i
                   
                                                                                                                                                                                       ONE
McDERMOTT WAY
AMAZON
 ACQUISITION
McDermott’s opportunistic acquisition and subse- quent sale leaseback of the deepwater pipelay
and construction vessel Amazon for a fraction of the cost to build the vessel is part of a long-term strategy to grow the company’s ultra deepwater and SURF
capabilities. Following future expected upgrades to add a state-of-the-art, ultra-deepwater J-lay system
  outfitted with the latest vessel technology, the Amazon will be a world-class asset acquired at a relatively low cost. In the near term, the vessel will be used to replace
some third-party vessels on existing construction and pipelay projects following minor upgrades to bring her
up to McDermott standards.
                                   / BUIL
 
 McDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC.
2016 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
MARKETS
We are focused on brownfield projects and basins with the lowest production costs as well as National Oil Companies, which remain committed to production across market cycles. We have leveraged our vertically integrated service offering – a differentiator with NOCs – to build a strong position with customers in the
Middle East and in other markets where capital is currently being invested.
We view localization and cultural diversity as another competitive advantage. We continue to build our in-country capabilities in key markets, investing in additional talent and assets needed to execute new projects so that we can be
a “multi-local” organization. Following the award of Pemex’s Abkatun-A2 project in Mexico, we began upgrades to our Altamira fabrication facility to align our capabilities with customer requirements. At $454 million, Abkatun is our largest contract award to date in Mexico. We also expanded the strategic build-out of our vertically integrated capabilities in this promising market, hiring 80 engineers and support personnel in our Mexico City office. Further, we have relocated marine assets to Mexico and continue to grow our project management and supply chain capabilities as well.
MIDDLE EAST LEADERSHIP
Local capabilities and the ability to offer total solutions also sustain and support our market leadership position in the Middle East. Building on a long-standing relationship, McDermott has captured the highest market share of Saudi Aramco work over the past two years. We were awarded several Saudi Aramco contracts in 2016, with the most recent award in the Safaniya and Zuluf fields where McDermott has supported this customer for more than 50 years.
In addition to the awards from Saudi Aramco, several other project awards in 2016, including a pipeline project and an offshore pipelay project, supported our Middle East leadership position. In Qatar this year, we focused on offshore work for the RasGas Flow Assurance and Looping project, which remains on schedule, and
we also ramped up FEED activity associated with Dubai Petroleum’s fixed and subsea facilities.
In-region capabilities help us deepen customer alignment and strengthen relationships through early engagement and cultural fit. We opened a new office in Al-Khobar, Saudi Arabia, in November of 2016, providing space to
add 300 employees. The office expands our engineering capacity in the region and strengthens our service to customers, particularly in brownfield work, while supporting Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030. Earlier in the year, we inaugurated the Dammam fabrication yard and conducted a recruitment drive for Saudi craftsmen in Al-Khobar.
RELATIONSHIPS
McDermott’s reputation with customers and the strength of our relationships are among our most valued assets. Our strong relationships with leading companies including Saudi Aramco, RasGas, Pemex, INPEX and ONGC have generated repeat business over years and even decades. Additionally, new relationships are starting to take shape, as demonstrated by the recent award from Hess in the Gulf of Mexico.
GLOBAL PRESENCE
McDermott operates in key energy-producing regions all across the globe, conducting business as a multi-local orga- nization. We continue to build our capabilities in key markets by hiring local people, building in-country facilities and forming joint ventures to better serve our customers.

 DAVID DICKSON
President and
Chief Executive Officer
The alignment of our operations with customer drivers produces better solutions and deepens these relationships. On the INPEX Ichthys project offshore Australia, flexibility and close alignment has resulted in additional activities and a strong relationship with the customer. We also form joint ventures or establish consor- tiums to better serve our customers. We created the best in-market solution for the ONGC Vashishta project in India by forming an alliance and consortium with Larsen & Toubro. Similarly, our QMW joint venture in China expertly handled the fabrication of LNG modules for the Yamal LNG project during 2016.
During the year, we forged a five-year exclusive cooperation agreement with Nakilat-Keppel Offshore Marine (N-KOM), a premier marine and offshore
service provider in Qatar, to pursue engineering, procurement, construction
and installation (EPCI) projects within Qatari waters. The agreement will leverage McDermott’s proven track record in offshore EPCI projects and N-KOM’s strategi- cally located ship repair and offshore construction facility while increasing local content in our projects.
As we move forward in 2017, we are building upon our strengthened customer alignment and relationships with an expanded service offering and a new technology focus. Our enhanced capabilities in the early stages of projects, through our io Oil and Gas joint venture, and our increasing pre-FEED and FEED business enable us to become involved in projects earlier and help customers create the best total solutions.
LEADING – THE McDERMOTT WAY
McDermott entered 2017 in a position of stability and strength. In addition to a healthy backlog, we started the year with a prospective revenue pipeline approach- ing $21 billion. We believe we have witnessed the bottom of the offshore markets, which currently account for 80 percent of our business. We expect activity levels to remain stable for most of the year with recovery beginning in late 2017. Deepwater subsea is expected to remain challenged until sometime in 2018.
We are building upon the strategies that drove our success in 2016 and the competitive advantages we enjoy. Our vertically integrated business model, our long-standing relationships with NOCs, our leadership position in the Middle East and our strong balance sheet position us for stability in the current environment and for growth when the super majors and independents ramp up their investments.
In 2016, we shifted our focus from stabilizing and optimizing our business to sustainability and growth. I believe that 2017 will be a year of transformation as we leverage our life-of-field capabilities and continue to be a provider of the best total solutions for our customers.
We greatly appreciate the dedication of our employees, who are at the heart
of all that we achieve, the contributions of our management team in formulating and executing the strategies that have driven our success, the thoughtful guidance we have received from our Board of Directors and the patience of our valued investors along our journey over the past three years.
David Dickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
      