 Dear Shareholders,
When I decided to come to Medtronic, I knew I was joining a company that has demonstrated a steadfast commitment to customers and patients throughout its history; a company with a strong Mission, culture, and business fundamentals. Given the tremendous need for what we do, I am excited and humbled to have the opportunity to lead the company to the next phase of evolution and growth.
1

 At the core of that growth will be innovation, which — at Medtronic — has many faces, including those of the 7 million patients a year whose lives are improved by our therapies. That translates
to one person every four seconds. The entire Medtronic team is focused on our goal to reach
25 million patients annually by 2020, which means we will deliver life-enhancing technology to one person every single second.
In recent months, I have been traveling the
world meeting our people, our customers, and the patients they serve. These early visits have taken me to many of the more than 120 countries in which Medtronic operates. This experience highlighted even more strongly the tremendous opportunity for us to provide greater access
to medical technology for large, underserved populations around the world.
FY11 summary
In fiscal year 2011, Medtronic achieved $15.9 billion in revenue, an increase of 1 percent over last year. This performance was primarily impacted by the significant decline in the overall market growth
of two of our larger markets, Spinal and Cardiac Rhythm Disease Management, especially in the United States. These markets aside, revenue growth was driven by the introduction of new technologies, performance in emerging markets, and continued steady growth in key businesses, including Coronary & Peripheral, Structural Heart, Endovascular, Diabetes, and Surgical Technologies.
Our international business represented 43 percent of total company revenues for the year. We are building steady momentum in our international markets, delivering 12 percent growth in the fourth quarter. Performance in the major emerging markets, including China, India, and Latin America, was particularly strong, reaching 20 percent.
We also introduced a number of important and differentiated new therapies that are expected
to help drive growth and market share in FY12. In our Cardiac and Vascular Group, we launched the first pacemaker in the United States designed for use in the MRI environment; a portfolio of ICD and CRT-D devices that reduce the risk of inappropriate shocks to patients; the first cryoballoon ablation catheter system in the United States used to treat a refractory, recurrent form of atrial fibrillation; and two novel stent graft systems for the treatment
of aortic aneurysms.
In our Restorative Therapies Group, we gained FDA approval for our bowel control therapy and further enhanced our industry-leading portfolio of deep brain stimulation devices. We also launched an important refresh of our spinal fixation platform. And finally, we introduced several innovative products from our Surgical Technologies business, which had its first $1 billion year in sales.
The pathway to growth
As I look across the company, I see a tremendous business, social, and humanitarian opportunity. This opportunity starts with restoring sustainable top-line growth. This is our most pressing imperative. Medtronic’s business fundamentals are in place — large underpenetrated markets; ample opportunity to continue to take market share; a robust technology platform; and talented, passionate, and motivated people. To reignite growth, we need to accelerate our efforts in three areas: globalization, innovation, and execution.
Globalization. With 43 percent of our revenue derived from markets outside the traditional U.S. core, Medtronic is already a well-established global company. However, given that 95 percent of the world’s population resides outside the United States, there is clearly much work to do
     2
CEO Omar Ishrak recently met with 13-year-old Tucker Manske, one of 7 million people a year whose lives are improved by a Medtronic product or technology. Tucker collapsed from sudden cardiac arrest (SCA) during a school soccer game this year. Fortunately, his dad was on the sidelines and performed CPR until someone could get the school’s automated external defibrillator (AED). Tucker was then rushed to the hospital, where he was given permanent protection from SCA: a Medtronic implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD).
 
to serve the millions of people who currently do not have access to our technology. Countries like China, India, Russia, and Brazil represent a tremendous short- and long-term opportunity for us. To be successful in these markets, we must deliver the right products, in the right way, at the right price. We will partner with leaders around the world to advocate for education and help put in place the health care infrastructure needed to ensure increased access to better care for all people.
Innovation. Medtronic has vast expertise and capabilities, and a strong heritage of providing patients and physicians with some of the most innovative products in medical technology. Our investment in research and development is unparalleled in our industry. However, we will sharpen our focus on opportunities for innovation that drive higher quality while concurrently reducing cost and increasing access for patients. To that effect, we will increase our efforts to enhance the clinical and economic value of our products. This will accelerate adoption of important medical technology advances, thus saving more lives.
Execution. Enhancing globalization and innovation will take some time, but better execution is something we can all focus on today. While we have enviable share positions in
many areas, I am convinced we can and must
do better. This starts by ensuring we have the right operating framework in place and holding each other accountable for results. We will also maintain a relentless focus on the quality and reliability of our products. Importantly, increased operational rigor will lead to more efficient use of resources, improved shareholder value, and enhanced patient care.
Unprecedented opportunity
My first few months at Medtronic have validated what I heard from our employees and customers across the globe—the need for what we do has never been greater. We have the opportunity
to improve human health around the world, and at the same time to create shareholder value. Given the sense of purpose and passion instilled in us by our Mission, there is no question we will contribute to combating the global burden of chronic disease. Reigniting growth by accelerating global expansion and optimizing innovation is central to alleviating pain, restoring health, and extending life. I am proud to be leading such an exceptional company and look forward to engaging with you in the months and years ahead.
Sincerely,
Omar Ishrak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
        3
     