Report to Stockholders
 At MDU Resources, strong leadership is a deep-seated legacy. It is the theme that runs through our history, connecting past with present. With integrity as their guide, our people have used their expertise to build this company from a small utility on the prairies in 1924 to today’s $3.5 billion diversified international enterprise. Each person plays an important role in providing the goods and services that help keep America’s infrastructure strong. On the following pages, you will meet some of our employees who are leaders in our workplaces, our industries and our communities.
  Annual Stockholder Return (Percent)
26 12 18 14
1 5 10 20 Year Years Years Years
Stock price appreciation and increasing dividends benefit stockholders.
Earnings (Dollars in millions)
155.1 147.7 174.6 206.4 274.4
01 02 03 04 05
Earnings reflect the company’s successful growth strategy.
                    Thanks to our employees, MDU Resources achieved record financial results last year. Revenues for 2005 totaled $3.5 billion, up 27 percent from $2.7 billion in 2004. We also achieved our highest earnings, $274.4 million, up 33 percent from $206.4 million in 2004. Earnings per common share, diluted, totaled $2.29, up 30 percent from $1.76 in 2004. The growth in earnings continued to be driven by our strategically diverse business model. Our natural gas and oil production business benefited from prices that were much higher than in the prior year, and our other business units also performed well.
This strong performance resulted in an outstanding one-year total return of 26 percent for our shareholders. For the five-year period ending with 2005, our total average annual return was 12 percent, while our peer group average return was 11 percent
and the S&P 500 average return was 1 percent.
MDU Resources has had an unbroken record of quarterly dividend payments
since 1937. We increased our quarterly dividend 5.6 percent in August 2005. With this increase, our annualized dividend grew to 76 cents per share. Our dividend has increased every year since 1990.
Leading in our markets: Reserve strength, competitive service
In our natural gas and oil production segment, we continue to increase our proved reserves, which now total 616 billion cubic feet equivalent. We have interests in more than 1.7 million acres of existing leaseholds, which provide future exploitation and exploration opportunities that will serve our shareholders well for years to come.
We are the largest producer of natural gas in Montana, where we have legacy fields that have been producing since the 1930s. In fact, production has gone up in those fields because of the implementation of new technologies.
  A LEGACY OF LEADERSHIP
 1924
1944
R.M. Heskett
President 1944–53
1945 1951
   Rolland M. Heskett incorporates the company and begins acquiring electric utilities. In 1927, a subsidiary was formed to develop and explore for natural gas to
fuel power plants and to build pipelines to transport gas.
The oil boom begins, and the company enters into an agreement with an operator to produce its vast reserves of oil in eastern Montana.
  A coal-mining operation is acquired to supply fuel for the company’s electric generating stations.
 2 MDU Resources Group, Inc.
 ¿
¿
¿
¿

   Martin A. White
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer
Terry D. Hildestad
President
and Chief Operating Officer
 Our construction materials and mining segment targets mid-sized, high-growth markets. We enjoy a distinct competitive advantage in this business as a result of our strong aggregate reserve position of 1.3 billion tons – more than a 30-year supply – which we also continue to build.
In our pipeline and energy services segment, we are the owners of the largest natural gas storage field in North America. We connect natural gas in the Rocky Mountain region to lucrative Mid-Continent markets through our Grasslands Pipeline, the largest pipeline project ever undertaken by this company.
In our two regulated utility segments (electric and natural gas distribution), our customers consistently give high marks to our service. Additionally, our electric generation costs are some of the lowest in the nation with one plant ranking No. 23 out of 297 plants.
Our independent power production segment completed the first major coal-fired electric generating facility to be built in Montana in 20 years, bringing competitively priced energy to its markets.
Our construction services group – formerly known as utility services – has successfully targeted niche markets where barriers to entry are high and where it can capitalize on the specialized technical expertise of its employees.
Leading with our strategies: Supplier of choice, diversification
The company has achieved success by executing several focused strategies. One strategy is to become the supplier of choice in all of our markets. Our construction materials and mining segment, which grew from our coal mining expertise, was founded in 1992. It is now the No. 1 or No. 2 construction materials supplier
in virtually all of its markets.
“The employees of
this company are
truly its leaders – whether they spend their days climbing poles, driving trucks
or operating computers. Wherever they are,
they live our vision by always doing business with integrity.”
MARTIN A. WHITE
   1953
Cecil W. Smith
President 1953–65
1960
Energy demand increases as the economy booms. Communities celebrate when natural gas service reaches their towns.
1965 1968
    David Heskett
President 1965–78
Corporate headquarters move from Minneapolis, Minnesota, to Bismarck, North Dakota, to be closer to customers.
 MDU Resources Group, Inc. 3
  ¿
¿
¿
¿

Report to Stockholders
  Dividends (Dollars per common share)
.60 .63 .66 .70 .74
01 02 03 04 05
Dividends have increased
23 percent since 2001.
Note: Dividend amounts reflect the company’s three-for-two common stock split effected in October 2003.
Aggregate Reserves (In billion tons)
1.1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.3
01 02 03 04 05
Recoverable aggregate reserves are a valuable asset.
Natural Gas and Oil Reserves (In Bcfe)
429 477 525 556 616
01 02 03 04 05
Our reserve base promises a continuing domestic energy resource.
                                 Our diversification strategy serves to mitigate the inherent risk of any particular business unit in our company. First, we are geographically diverse to reduce exposure to and risk from catastrophic regional events such as the Gulf hurricanes. Second, the businesses themselves create natural hedges. For example, when the costs of petroleum products go up, our construction materials business may be negatively affected by
use of such products. However, rising costs also mean that we may enjoy outstanding returns from our natural gas and oil production segment.
Another strategy is vertical integration, whereby we control all steps in the production process. Our pipeline segment maximizes vertical integration through its ability to move our natural gas to market and can grow as demand increases production.
We combine organic growth with a disciplined approach to acquisitions. We have an outstanding track record of economically acquiring and integrating successful companies. Acquisitions in 2005 have added new products, successful services, growth markets and rich reserves.
Finally, we are committed to conservative financial management. Our balance sheet shows significant strength and is A rated by three rating agencies. Maintaining fiscal discipline provides us with access to capital at lower costs and the financial flexibility to take advantage of acquisition opportunities as they arise.
Leading with our people: Integrity guides us
It’s not just our strategies that have made us successful, however. It’s our people. The employees of this company are truly its leaders – whether they spend their days climbing poles, driving trucks or operating computers. Wherever they are, they live our vision by always doing business with integrity. They create our culture by always keeping our shareholders in mind as they make their daily business decisions. They provide outstanding customer service as they produce the fuel, build the roads
and energize the lines that support the American way of life. They treat each other with respect as they strive to make our company a safe and great place to work.
We thank our employees for their contributions. Their legacy of leadership will continue to make this company as successful in the future as it has been in the past.
Leading into the future: Continuing the legacy of success
MDU Resources’ future includes solid growth strategies that will benefit all of our stakeholders. Natural gas and oil production leads the way. We are focused on increasing our production and our proved reserves in almost all of our production areas. We are acquiring new properties and are involved in promising new opportunities
to replace existing reserves.
     A LEGACY OF LEADERSHIP
   1978 1985
1992
Harold J. Mellen
President 1992–98
    Corporation realigned under new name:
MDU Resources Group, Inc. In 1986, a strategy to expand natural gas and oil operations beyond eastern Montana is implemented.
                  John A. Schuchart
President 1978–92
Using its mining expertise, the company enters into the construction materials and mining industry.
 4 MDU Resources Group, Inc.
 ¿
¿
¿

 Passage of the new federal transportation bill during 2005 has helped secure a solid future for our construction materials segment. The $286.5 billion bill increased annual funding in the states
we serve by an average of 31 percent. This industry continues
to consolidate, and we will take advantage of opportunities to acquire companies that fit with our growth strategies.
To grow the regulated side of our business, we will continue to look for economically attractive utility acquisitions and to expand our pipeline and energy services segment as the demand for natural gas increases.
After a successful turnaround, our construction services segment will continue to look for profitable expansion opportunities. Our independent power production segment will be challenged in 2006 to replace earnings from the sale of its Brazilian investment, but it plans to forge more long-term relationships with financially stable customers.
We’re confident that these strategies will continue the
legacy of focused growth that MDU Resources’ leaders have passed on to their successors. In August, I will retire, and
Terry Hildestad will become the CEO. Terry, the first native North Dakotan to be CEO, rose through the operations ranks and will use that background to keep this corporation on a firm path. Your board has carefully planned for this succession
(see more details on p. 6), and you have our commitment that the transition will be a smooth one.
Martin A. White
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Terry D. Hildestad
President and Chief Operating Officer
February 21, 2006
    A leader among companies
As the corporation has grown, so has the recognition it has received. Thanks to our employees, last year MDU Resources was recognized in the following ways:
• Named “2005 Utility of the Year” by Electric Light & Power magazine in its November/December 2005 issue. According to EL&P, MDU Resources was chosen because it was built on an electric and natural gas utility foundation, and it follows a corporate strategy based on integrity and solid, conservative growth.
• Named for the sixth straight year to Forbes magazine’s “Platinum 400 Best Big Companies” in America list. Criteria used were corporate governance and accounting practices, as well as financial performance.
• Named by Mergent, a leading provider of business and financial information, as a Dividend Achiever for 2005. This honor, which recognizes 10 or more years of consecutive dividend increases, is bestowed on only 3 percent of listed dividend-paying companies
in the United States.
• Ranked No. 18 on Public Utilities Fortnightly’s “Fortnightly 40,” the magazine’s Top 40 list
of the best energy companies in America. The “Fortnightly 40” is a financial ranking of electric and gas utilities, pipelines and distribution companies that appeared in the September issue of the magazine. The publication dubs its list
“a benchmark that highlights the industry’s leading companies – its brightest stars proven in performance and exceptional corporate management.”
   1997
1998 2001
Martin A. White
President 1998–05
2005
Terry D. Hildestad
Current President
    Expanding on the company’s extensive utility experience, construction services companies are acquired.
The company forms
an independent power production subsidiary and invests internationally and domestically.
  MDU Resources Group, Inc. 5
 ¿
¿
¿
¿
