   2
mdu resources group, inc.
The company’s business and financial strategies helped steer us profitably through a very difficult economy in 2010.
Our regulated utility and pipeline businesses, along with our oil and natural gas production business, demonstrated the strength of our diversification strategy. Their strong performance helped offset some — though not nearly enough — of the recession’s impact on our construction businesses.
Our financial discipline also has been successful. Throughout the recession we have maintained strong operating cash flows, a healthy balance sheet, good liquidity and access to capital. All of this adds up to stability for our operations and the financial flexibility to take advantage of growth opportunities. This enabled us to make a number of major investments in 2010, and we have identified additional potential investments that we expect will drive future growth.
Earnings in 2010 were $240 million, or $1.27 per share, compared to a loss of $124 million, or 67 cents per share in 2009. The loss reflected a non-cash ceiling test charge related to low natural gas and oil prices. Excluding that charge, 2009 adjusted earnings were $260.4 million, or $1.40 per share.
In November, we increased the company’s common stock dividend for the 20th consecutive year. We are very proud of that track record, which has been achieved by only a small number of companies, and of the fact that we have paid dividends for 73 consecutive years.
Utility business has
strong year
For results to be sustainable, our strategies must benefit both customers and stockholders, and our regulated utility business continues to deliver. The utility had
an outstanding year and increased year- over-year earnings by about 20 percent.
This business, which now serves approximately 964,000 natural gas and electric customers in eight states, continued integrating the operations of its four utilities in 2010. The resulting efficiencies have reduced our costs and improved services for customers. This includes a new, centralized customer service center that consolidates work previously spread among five locations. We also relocated the general offices of Cascade Natural Gas from downtown Seattle to part of the utility’s service territory in Kennewick, Washington.
Montana-Dakota Utilities added 55 megawatts (MW) of electricity generation. This includes 30 MW of wind generation — an additional 10.5 MW at its Diamond Willow facility in Montana, and the 19.5-MW Cedar Hills facility about 20 miles away in southwest North Dakota. To ensure an economical electricity supply for Wyoming customers, the utility replaced a purchased power contract with a 25 percent ownership in the Wygen III power plant that began operating last April. The utility is evaluating additional generation options to meet future load requirements.
The Wyoming Public Service Commission approved a $2.7 million electric rate increase, effective last May, that was related primarily to Wygen III’s costs. Electric rate cases are under way in North Dakota and Montana to recover investments in infrastructure upgrades and other costs.
A methane gas recovery facility at the landfill in Billings, Montana, was placed into service and is providing enough gas for the utility’s natural gas system to serve about 4,000 homes annually. The project also solves a potential environmental issue for Billings, while providing the city with a revenue source.
Montana-Dakota Utilities and its partners in the Big Stone generating plant are planning to move forward with installation of air quality control equipment required by the Environmental Protection Agency. The utility’s share of the capital costs could exceed $100 million. Without the upgrade, Big Stone would be forced to cease operations. The plant provides approximately 20 percent of Montana-Dakota’s capacity requirements. The utility currently believes continued operation is the most cost- effective option for customers, but is continuing to review alternatives.
Montana-Dakota expects to begin construction this year of a 30-mile, high- voltage power line in southeast North Dakota. The line would transport electricity to the electric grid from a 150-MW wind project being developed by another utility. Construction and ongoing operating costs would be paid by the interconnecting generator.
Pipeline, storage
growth planned
Our pipeline and energy services business also had a good year. The business is benefiting from its location in the Bakken region, which is one of the most active oil fields in the U.S. and has moved North Dakota to No. 4 among oil-producing states. Although this is an oil play, the quantity of natural gas associated with the wells is greater than the current capacity for processing and transportation.
Williston Basin owns and operates an extensive natural gas transmission pipeline system in the Bakken production area, and transports approximately 90 million cubic feet (MMcf) per day of natural gas from 11 Bakken production area receipt points. Williston Basin plans to expand its capacity in the area by about 30 percent, or 27 MMcf per day, by increasing the capabilities of an existing compressor station in 2011.
Report to Stockholders
Regulated E&P Construction

Construction of 12 miles of high-pressure transmission pipeline, to provide takeaway capacity for a new natural gas processing facility in northwestern North Dakota, also is planned for 2011.
Natural gas storage reached record levels in 2010. To serve increasing demand, Williston Basin is expanding the deliverability capacity of its Baker storage field, which is the largest single natural gas storage reservoir in North America. The expansion ultimately will add 125 MMcf per day of firm deliverability. The first phase, accounting for about 30 percent of the additional capacity, is expected to be completed late this year.
The pipeline and energy services business is continuing to seek opportunities to expand its gathering and producer-related services in both its current areas of operation and new areas such as Wyoming’s Niobrara region, where exploration and development are in very early stages.
Oil production increasing
The Bakken also is proving to be very profitable for our production business, Fidelity Exploration & Production. Our Bakken oil production increased 39 percent in 2010, and it has become Fidelity’s largest oil-producing field and most significant cash flow contributor.
The bulk of this production is in Mountrail County, where Fidelity owns 16,000 net acres. Production from both operated and non-operated wells averaged 3,700 barrels per day at the end of 2010. Fidelity will continue developing this acreage in 2011 with additional drilling and participation in non-operated wells.
Last year Fidelity acquired approximately 50,000 net acres in Stark County, about 100 miles south and west of its Mountrail County production. The acreage has about
75 potential drilling sites, based on 640-acre spacing. Fidelity plans to add a second drilling rig in the Bakken areas in the second quarter of this year.
Fidelity also established a significant foothold in the emerging Niobrara oil shale play in Wyoming last year with the acquisition of approximately 88,000 net acres. When leasehold costs increased in the play, Fidelity sold a 25 percent working interest in the acreage to a well-capitalized partner to help reduce its overall portfolio risk. Fidelity expects to drill two exploratory wells on its remaining 65,000 net acres later this year and, if successful, will begin a drilling program.
Total oil production increased 5 percent last year. We will continue to balance our production mix in 2011 because of favorable oil prices and prolonged weak prices for natural gas. This includes seeking additional investments in the Bakken, Niobrara and other oil-producing areas of the U.S.
Fidelity also is in a strong position to benefit when natural gas prices improve, which we are confident will happen as the nation’s electric utilities turn to natural gas to reduce carbon emissions from their generating plants. Natural gas represents 69 percent of Fidelity’s 646 billion cubic feet equivalent (Bcfe) of proved reserves. Last year, Fidelity acquired natural gas properties in the Green River Basin in southwestern Wyoming, which included more than 60 Bcfe of proved reserves. We will continue to look for opportunities to build natural gas reserves for long-term growth.
Construction market
still difficult
The economy has severely curtailed activity in the nation’s construction industry, and we expect this will continue in 2011. However, both our construction materials and
Chairman of the Board
   President and
Chief Executive Officer
mdu resources group, inc. 3
Terry D. Hildestad Harry J. Pearce

contracting business and our construction services business are seeing some encouraging signs that their focus on cost and performance will put them in a very strong position as the economy accelerates.
Knife River Corporation, our construction materials and contracting business, remains one of the top 10 U.S. producers of sand, gravel, aggregates and ready-mix concrete.
The business is seeing an increase in bidding opportunities for large, multi-year projects. For example, construction of a new light-rail project in Hawaii recently received the go-ahead; Knife River is in a strong position there as a cement supplier and ready-mix contractor.
Three-fourths of federal transportation stimulus funding in Knife River’s states of operation has been directed at asphalt work, which is a strong part of its business. Knife River produces and sells asphalt mix and supplies liquid asphalt. It also has its own liquid asphalt division, unlike most competitors. In 2011 the business plans to add its fifth liquid asphalt terminal with a new location in Wyoming.
Our construction services business continues to concentrate on improving efficiency and reducing costs. Although its markets remain difficult, the company maintained its year-end work backlog at a level comparable to year-end 2009.
The company continued to gain recognition for its solar energy construction, and is positioning itself as a strong competitor for high-voltage transmission construction. It holds the engineering, procurement and construction contract for a 214-mile
transmission line that is being built between Alberta, Canada, and Great Falls, Montana. The company also has been awarded a contract to build a 50-mile high-voltage line in Kansas this year. In addition to high- voltage transmission and substation construction, the company sees opportunities in renewable resource construction, government facilities, refinery turnaround projects and utility service work.
Delivering on core values
Our employees deserve a great deal of credit and thanks for an outstanding job. Although it’s easy for economic stress to affect everyday work, our employees have remained focused on our most important priorities — safety and integrity. Last year employees once again improved a safety record that already outpaced our peer companies.
The commitment of employees and our businesses to the communities where we live and work remains as strong as ever, and we encourage you to take a look at our efforts, which are explained in our annual Sustainability Report. You can find the report on our website at www.mdu.com.
Our website also contains reports on several subjects that we have singled out for special attention. Among these is a discussion of some of our company’s work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. This includes a commitment by our utility business — the largest greenhouse gas emitter among our businesses — to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions intensity 10 percent by 2012 compared to 2003 levels. We also have prepared extensive reports on how we are safely addressing two important issues: the coal ash that is produced by our electric generating plants and hydraulic fracturing, which is a critical process in developing the
Bakken and other shale oil resources in the U.S.
We have made a number of changes over the past decade to make sure that our corporate governance practices are strong, and we added several more items in 2010. At last year’s annual meeting, shareholders approved management’s proposal to repeal the supermajority vote requirement. We also strengthened requirements for stock ownership by directors and executives; we believe this change will help ensure that their interests are aligned with the interests of investors. We also added safety and sustainability as items that may be used in calculation of the long-term incentive plan. Incentive compensation for some key executives, including all of our top corporate officers, already factors in safety results.
Finally, thank you for your continued investment in our company. We expect 2011 will be every bit as challenging as last year. But as we confront those challenges, we expect to identify opportunities to grow our company. We are optimistic that as the economy recovers, each of our businesses will be in a strong position to contribute to a very bright future for MDU Resources.
Harry J. Pearce Chairman of the Board
Terry D. Hildestad
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 23, 2011
     4
mdu resources group, inc.
Regulated E&P Construction
