 Report to Stockholders
                   2 mdu resources group, inc.
A year ago we declared victory in our efforts to guide the company safely through the country’s recession, and promised that in 2011 we would focus on re-establishing the strong growth that was characteristic of MDU Resources in pre-recession times.
That work is off to a very good start. Last year our businesses invested more than $480 million in production and service improvements that we believe will help deliver sustainable growth for shareholders as the economy strengthens. We will invest nearly $700 million this year, and a total of about $3.7 billion over the next five years. These investments will be funded almost entirely with internal cash flows generated by our businesses.
Earnings in 2011 were $212.3 million, or $1.12 per share. Excluding a one-time arbitration charge related to the guarantee of a construction contract, adjusted earnings were $225.2 million, or $1.19 per share.
The Board of Directors increased the common stock dividend for the 21st consecutive year. We are very proud of this achievement and our history of paying dividends uninterrupted for 74 consecutive years. We recognize the importance of the dividend to our investors; in 2011 it contributed to a total shareholder return of 9 percent, which outperformed the S&P 500 and almost all other major indices.
Although the economy continues to be difficult, we are seeing encouraging signs that some markets are strengthening and the construction industry decline appears to have bottomed out. One of the brightest spots is right here in North Dakota, where the biggest oil boom in the country is taking place. Development of the Bakken region has pushed oil production in the state to more than 500,000 barrels per day, which represents about 10 percent of U.S. oil production. North Dakota is ranked fourth in the country for oil production behind Texas, Alaska and California, and at the pace of current development is expected to climb into the No. 2 spot.
Oil production and the wide range of infrastructure and services required to support it have contributed to a healthy state economy, including the lowest unemployment rate in the U.S. This is creating significant growth opportunities across all of our businesses.
Bakken Oil Production at Record Level
The Bakken is the centerpiece of efforts by our production business, Fidelity Exploration & Production, to accelerate development of its existing leaseholds and achieve a more balanced production mix of oil and natural gas. Last year Fidelity set a company record for Bakken production, and that helped drive a 7 percent increase in total oil production. Oil now accounts for 32 percent of Fidelity’s production, up from 16 percent five years ago, and more than half of its revenue.
Fidelity expects to increase oil production by another 20 to 30 percent this year, and we will target more than half of our company’s total capital expenditure budget to support this continued growth. We currently have eight active drilling rigs, up from two at the start of 2011, and expect to deploy two more by the end of this year. Fidelity will continue to defer much of its natural gas development because of sustained weak prices, which at year-end had dropped to their lowest point in 10 years.
Much of the activity will continue to focus on the Bakken, where Fidelity owns approximately 95,000 net acres of leaseholds. Fidelity plans to drill approximately 30 operated wells on this property during 2012; it already has 58 operated wells and participates in more than 180 non-operated wells there.
Fidelity also has significant production in Texas, and plans to drill 20 more wells there this year. This effort targets natural gas with a higher liquids content, which is more lucrative in today’s commodity markets than dry natural gas.
Fidelity also has some exciting growth opportunities on acreage that is in earlier stages of exploration. Drilling plans to explore the potential of these properties include the Niobrara formation in southeastern Wyoming, a developing oil shale play that has yielded encouraging results for a number of producers; additional Bakken acreage that reaches into Richland County, Montana; the Heath Shale in central Montana; and Utah’s Paradox Basin, where the company already has some production experience.
Utility Continues Strong Performance
Earnings at our utility increased again in 2011. The utility’s customer base continues to grow, particularly in western North Dakota and eastern Montana as activity in the
 
 Bakken production area brings an increased demand for electric and natural gas services.
Electricity sales grew more than 3 percent due to both customer growth and colder temperatures during the early months of 2011. This growth was most pronounced in western North Dakota, where Bakken-related economic activity led to a 5 percent increase in electricity customers. We expect that oil production in the region will continue to provide good growth opportunities for
the utility.
Natural gas sales increased more than 8 percent, largely because of a significantly colder winter in the Pacific Northwest. In addition, low natural gas prices are providing an incentive for fuel-switching in agricultural applications such as grain drying, as well as commercial and industrial uses. We expect that weak pricing will continue to provide opportunities for natural gas to displace fuel oil and propane.
The utility successfully concluded electric rate cases in Montana and North Dakota. Both cases involved recovery of investments made in renewable energy generation and infrastructure that improved reliability of the electric distribution system.
Our electric utility plans to build an 88-megawatt generating plant fueled by natural gas to meet the growth in customers and energy demand. The $85 million plant would be built adjacent to our Heskett generating plant in Mandan, North Dakota. We have asked the North Dakota Public Service Commission for an advance determination of prudence; if approved, the facility is expected to be in operation early in 2015.
We also are pursuing growth opportunities associated with new high-voltage transmission lines and system enhancements that would connect potential new wind energy projects with major markets to the east. The utility already has a contract to develop one such project – a 30-mile high-voltage transmission line that would connect a proposed 150-megawatt wind farm in southeastern North Dakota to the electric grid. Construction of the line is expected to be completed by the middle of this year.
Bakken Provides Pipeline Opportunities
Our pipeline and energy services business is experiencing near-term challenges from low natural gas pricing spreads, which are expected to remain flat at least through this year. Utilization of our natural gas storage fields, and our transportation system in and out of storage, declined last year as producers moved gas to other markets.
However, the extraordinary development taking place in the Bakken offers a bright outlook for our pipeline business. The Bakken oil wells produce a substantial amount of associated natural gas; in fact, natural gas production in North Dakota has increased by about 67 percent in the last two years and is still growing. This creates a growing demand for gathering, storage and transportation services, and ours is the most extensive natural gas transportation system in the Bakken.
Last year we more than doubled our ability to move gas out of the Bakken with the addition of 100 million cubic feet per day of firm capacity. The expansion includes additional compression and a 12-mile pipeline to service a new third-party natural gas processing plant. This year we will construct another pipeline to serve two additional processing plants planned for northwestern North Dakota.
We also have designed a project to expand the deliverability of our Baker, Montana, storage field, which is the largest single natural gas storage reservoir in North America. Last year we completed the first phase of this project, which ultimately would add 125 million cubic feet per day of firm deliverability.
We will continue to aggressively pursue additional infrastructure and service opportunities in the Bakken as well as the Rocky Mountain Region, where development of liquids-rich plays is intensifying.
Construction Businesses Are Reorganized
At the end of last year we reorganized our construction businesses under a single leader. This will improve our ability to collaborate across our different types of construction businesses so that we can more efficiently utilize employees, assets and equipment.
    Harry J. Pearce Terry D. Hildestad
Chairman of the Board President and
Chief Executive Officer
mdu resources group, inc. 3

Although our construction materials and construction services companies both continue to be impacted by the nation’s struggling economy, they are seeing signs of stabilization in some of their markets.
This is particularly true in North Dakota, where additional infrastructure is being built to support the fast pace of oil development. A number of housing projects are under way in the northwestern part of the state to accommodate the influx of oil industry workers, and there is significant demand for ready-mix. Knife River, our construction materials and contracting business, opened a new operation in the heart of the Bakken, and already has a work backlog of $31 million.
A number of projects also have developed in California, including expansion work at the Port of Long Beach and a contract to supply the Port of Los Angeles with 1.2 million tons of aggregate. Knife River is the largest cement provider in Hawaii, which positions it for potential work on a $5 billion multi-phase light rail project currently under way in that state. Late last year the company expanded its liquid asphalt operation with a new 35,000-ton asphalt oil terminal in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
At our construction services business, Wagner-Smith Equipment had record earnings last year due to strong equipment sales and rentals to the power line construction industry. Wagner-Smith is a leading manufacturer of equipment used to string electric power lines. We expect its products will continue to be in high demand as utilities and transmission companies increase budgets for building, upgrading and maintaining electricity transmission and distribution lines.
That increased activity also is producing construction work for us, including a high-voltage line in Kansas and a 345-kilovolt substation in Missouri. Our construction services group also has become a national leader in solar photovoltaic design, procurement and installation, and currently is the general contractor managing construction of a 24-megawatt solar facility in Nevada.
Our Continuing Commitment to Stakeholders
We want to express our appreciation to employees for their outstanding performance and for embracing the
company’s commitment to safety and integrity. We are proud that in 2011 we continued to have a better safety record than our peer companies.
We take seriously our responsibility to operate in the best interest of our stakeholders, including shareholders, employees, customers, neighbors and the communities in which we work. This is a never-ending process of improvement, and we share our progress with an annual sustainability report that is presented on our corporate website, www.mdu.com. The site also contains the annual report for our MDU Resources Foundation.
We supplement this information from time to time with reports on topics of particular interest, such as our recently updated report on hydraulic fracturing. This process has been used safely for decades by oil and natural gas producers. It has been in the news lately because of its key role in developing the Bakken and other shale resources, so we felt it important to explain how Fidelity Exploration & Production safely manages the process. To improve transparency, this year we will post hydraulic fracturing data for company operated wells, including the constituents used in fracturing, on the website www.fracfocus.org.
Finally, thank you for your investment in MDU Resources. We enter 2012 with a strong balance sheet, good liquidity and credit rating, and healthy cash flows. This enables us to focus our full attention on growing the company. We made a good start last year, and are excited by the opportunities ahead of us.
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
Terry D. Hildestad
President and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2012
   Building a Strong America®
                     4 mdu resources group, inc.
 