 Report to Stockholders
 In 2016, we made great strides as we transitioned to a more streamlined company with two lines of business: construction materials and services and regulated energy delivery. We reduced MDU Resources Group’s exposure to commodity price volatility by successfully selling our remaining oil and natural gas exploration and production assets, our interests in a diesel refinery in North Dakota and our interests in a natural gas processing plant in North Dakota. Our financial results for 2016 reflect that these changes have provided strong momentum, and we are excited about the opportunities that exist for our continuing operations.
2016 earnings from continuing operations increased 32 percent to $232.4 million, or $1.19 per share, compared to 2015 earnings from continuing operations of $175.7 million, or 90 cents per share. Including discontinued operations, primarily the exploration and production and refining businesses that we sold, MDU Resources reported 2016 earnings of $63.7 million, or 33 cents per share, compared to a loss of $623.1 million, or $3.20 per share, in 2015.
Our company provided shareholders with a 62 percent total return in 2016, and in November we increased our dividend for the 26th consecutive year. Fewer than 100 of the more than 2,400 other U.S.-listed, dividend- paying companies have increased their dividend as many consecutive years as MDU Resources.
Standard & Poor’s in the fourth quarter of 2016 improved our company’s credit rating outlook from negative to stable, a reflection of our reduced exposure to commodity price risk. MDU Resources now has a BBB+ credit rating with stable outlook from both S&P and Fitch Ratings.
Construction materials
has record year
Our construction materials business, Knife River Corporation, finished 2016 with record results for the second consecutive year. Although revenues were down slightly,
earnings were up 15 percent to $102.7 million with an increase in aggregate and asphalt volumes and margins. All of Knife River’s regions continue to perform well. We saw higher construction demand and margins in all but the North Central region, where we have seen a slowdown in North Dakota.
While Knife River has experienced two consecutive years of record earnings, it has capacity with existing resources to take on additional work. For example, we sold 27.6 million tons of aggregate in 2016, but in 2006 we sold 45.6 million tons of aggregate. This indicates that while we have achieved record earnings, we are at only about 60 percent of our prior peak volumes. We believe the $305 billion, five-year Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act, which was passed in late 2015, will provide opportunities to utilize some of Knife River’s additional capacity. The impacts we saw from the FAST Act were minimal in 2016, as states and municipalities worked to identify projects on which to invest the federal funds. We expect to see more substantial impacts this year and going forward as projects are released for bids.
Knife River is the fifth largest sand and gravel producer in the U.S. and has more than a 30-year supply of aggregates with its 1 billion tons of reserves. We finished 2016 with record year-end backlog of $538 million, which is 10 percent higher than the 2015 record year-end backlog, and we are well-positioned to serve our markets.
Construction services
building momentum
Earnings from our construction services business in 2016 were up 43 percent, to $33.9 million, on just 16 percent revenue growth. The increase was mainly from higher construction workloads and margins in the Western Region.
MDU Construction Services Group closed on the sale in the fourth quarter of one of the largest community solar projects in the
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
David L. Goodin
President and Chief Executive Officer
U.S., on which it provided turnkey engineering, procurement and construction. The project was part of the approximately 300 megawatts of solar construction this business provided in 2016. Also in the fourth quarter, MDU Construction Services Group successfully completed a 135-mile, 345-kilovolt transmission line project for Transource Missouri. The project, awarded in 2015, involved constructing 843 transmission line structures and was the largest transmission construction project ever completed by MDU Construction Services Group.
Our construction services business is the 13th largest specialty contractor in the U.S., as ranked on Engineering News-Record’s 2016 Top 600 Specialty Contractors list. Backlog was down slightly to $475 million at the end of 2016, but this business is well-positioned with our strong
  MDU Resources Group, Inc. 3

performance history and safety record to respond to the bidding opportunities that we anticipate will escalate in 2017. We are focused on growing our inside construction services work, particularly in the high-tech, mission-critical arena, health care facilities and the gaming and hospitality industry, where activity is picking up. Our services are in demand in the industrial and manufacturing sector, where we often work with auto and petrochemical manufacturers, and in the electrical transmission and distribution industry. Our transmission and distribution equipment sales and rentals business is strategically located with two manufacturing facilities to meet demand as the country’s infrastructure development continues.
Utility continues focus
on rate recovery
Our electric and natural gas utility businesses also had higher earnings in 2016, up 16 percent to $69.3 million. The increase was mainly related to cost recovery through regulatory relief. Natural gas retail sales volumes were up 4 percent for the year as well, a result of customer growth and colder weather in certain areas.
The utility continues to seek regulatory recovery for investments associated with upgrading and expanding facilities to provide safe, reliable service to our customers at economic prices. Regulatory activity in 2016 and to date has resulted in an additional $32.7 million in final rates. That brings our total finalized rate increases for the past two years to $56.8 million. We also have $55.4 million in rate increases awaiting regulatory agency approval, with $43.6 million implemented in interim rates. We have grown our rate base at a record 12 percent, compounded annually, over the past five years, and we expect our rate base to continue to grow by approximately 4 percent annually.
In 2016, our utility customer base grew 1.6 percent to approximately 1.07 million. We expect our customer base across our eight-state service territory to continue to grow at a rate of 1 to 2 percent annually. Our electric utility will issue its Integrated Resource Plan this year, which we expect will identify a future large-scale generation
4 MDU Resources Group, Inc.
option to meet customer growth. Also to meet customer needs, we announced at the beginning of this year an agreement to buy power from an expansion of the Thunder Spirit Wind farm in southwestern North Dakota, which is expected to be on line in late 2018. We already own the original 107.5- MW Thunder Spirit Wind farm, and our agreement gives us the option to buy the expansion when completed. The additional wind generation will increase our renewable portfolio to approximately 27 percent of our generation capacity.
Pipeline business
pursuing growth projects
Earnings at our pipeline and midstream business were $23.4 million in 2016. This is slightly higher than 2015 when considering that this business recorded impairments associated with asset sales of $1.4 million, after tax, in 2016 and $10.6 million, after tax, in 2015. Customer utilization of our natural gas storage services was 59 percent higher in 2016.
We closed January 1, 2017, on the sale of our 50 percent non-operating ownership interest in the Pronghorn natural gas processing plant in North Dakota. This further reduces our company’s risks associated with oil and natural gas commodity prices, and the company received proceeds of approximately $100 million from the sale.
We are focused on pipeline system growth. In 2016, we completed two expansion projects in northwestern North Dakota that add capacity and reliability. We have another project in the Bakken region that will be completed in the second quarter this year to add volume. We also secured the commitments necessary from customers in 2016 to proceed with our Valley Expansion project. This 38-mile pipeline will connect our existing system in eastern North Dakota with another company’s pipeline in far western Minnesota. We will have an opportunity to provide natural gas to towns and customers along the route that have not been served or have been underserved in the past. The pipeline initially will be built to transport 40 million cubic feet of natural gas per day, and it can be enhanced to transport significantly more as demand grows. We have approval from the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission on our pre-filing and have nearly completed survey work. We expect to start construction in early 2018 and complete the project late that year.
Our employees
are the difference
Our employees work hard to provide results for our shareholders, our customers and our communities. We thank them for their commitment to operating safely and maintaining the integrity that is a vital part of our culture, while being good stewards in the communities where they live. Along with our day-to-day safety practices, we have stepped up our attention on cybersecurity in recent years to ensure our customer, employee and company proprietary information is secure. We know we must be vigilant every day to keep our people and our systems safe.
We are excited about our company’s future as we continue Building a Strong America.® We believe the new administration’s goals for our country will provide additional opportunities for our businesses.
We will maintain our conservative fiscal approach to managing your investment in MDU Resources, while providing the results you expect. We are proud of the fact that we have paid uninterrupted dividends to our shareholders for 79 years, and our commitment to paying dividends is reflected in our membership in the S&P High-Yield Dividend Aristocrats index.
Thank you for your continued support of MDU Resources. We look forward to growing our company while providing you with the long-term value you expect from your investment.
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
David L. Goodin
President and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2017
  