     Natural Gas and Oil Production
Report to Stockholders
Electric aPnidpeNlinateuand Energy Services
Const
importantly, we were ranked much higher (48) for annual
ral Gas Utilities
We have just finished one of the most economically Our financial performance has been widely recognized over
c
als and Contracting
hall
eng
ing
ye
ars in
our
histo
ry. And
yet, the
res
r Cu c o t n i o s n t r u M c t a i t o e n r i S e r v i c e s
po
nse
the years, and we added another milestone when the
across our company to this adversity helped make 2009 one company earned a place (473 based on revenues) on the
of our most rewarding years. Fortune 500 list of America’s largest companies. More
We certainly didn’t expect that this recession would turn out
growth of earnings per share over the 10-year period of
to be the longest and most severe in the post-World War II
1998-2008.
era
ess
earl
y,
t we
did
rec
og
nize
cial
str
. Bu
and made adjustments that have protected our balance sheet, preserved capital and kept the company strong in a very tough operating environment.
the sign
Our employees deserve much of the credit. They have responded to the challenge with an intense focus on cost savings, operating efficiencies and sacrifices, while preserving the product and service quality to which our customers are accustomed. Across the company, we have eliminated millions of dollars in capital and operating expenses.
Thanks to these efforts, we had a very good year that exceeded our initial expectations. Consolidated earnings were $260.4 million, or $1.40 per common share, excluding the effect of a $384.4 million after-tax noncash charge in the first quarter.
Including the noncash charge, we had a consolidated loss of $124 million, or 67 cents per share. The noncash charge resulted from low energy prices on March 31 at our natural gas and oil production business.
We had record operating cash flow of about $845 million, and we have a healthy balance sheet, good liquidity and good access to capital. This gives us the ability to take advantage of growth opportunities that may result from this recession, including the acquisition of businesses and natural gas, oil and aggregate reserves at attractive prices and with upside potential.
In November we increased the common stock dividend for the 19th consecutive year. We are very proud of this accomplishment – only a small number of publicly traded companies can match it – and of the fact that we have been paying dividends uninterrupted for 72 consecutive years. Including dividends, total shareholder return for the year was approximately 13 percent.
Longtime stockholders will notice that this document is different from past annual reports. We have reduced production costs considerably by shortening the annual report (most of the information in a traditional annual report also appears in the 10-K) and consolidating it, the 10-K and proxy into a single document. Although the space here is shortened this year, there are some events and accomplishments that we feel are important to highlight.
utility posts record earnings
Our utility business had record earnings, which included a full year of earnings contribution from Intermountain Gas Company, acquired late in 2008. The acquisitions of Intermountain, and Cascade Natural Gas a year earlier, have built the business into a regional utility that serves 950,000 customers in eight states. The economic conditions in our utility service area generally remain solid, and all of the utility companies are experiencing customer growth.
For the present, one of the main priorities is integrating our four utilities to capture operating efficiencies that reduce costs and improve service to customers. This includes consolidating customer service centers into a single
s of finan
 2 mdu resources group, inc.
   
 operation, restructuring the field work force, and relocating Cascade’s headquarters to Washington’s Tri-Cities area, which is more central to its operations.
Montana-Dakota Utilities is evaluating options for long-term electricity supplies following cancellation of the Big Stone II generating project in November. The 500- to 600-megawatt plant was to have been built in South Dakota next to the existing Big Stone I plant. Construction was cancelled after Montana-Dakota and its three partners were unable to find a replacement for an additional participant that withdrew earlier in the year.
Current generating capacity and a purchased power agreement ensure an adequate electricity supply through 2015. In the meantime, the utility will install 30 megawatts of additional wind generation this year, adding to its Diamond Willow wind farm in eastern Montana and building a new wind farm in southwestern North Dakota. The utility also has installed 7.5 megawatts of renewable energy with a heat recovery unit that captures waste heat from a natural gas pipeline compressor station and converts it into electricity.
Montana-Dakota has purchased a 25 percent ownership interest in the Wygen III generating plant that is being built in northeastern Wyoming. This will replace power that currently is purchased, and will provide our Wyoming customers with reliable and competitively priced electricity well into the future.
In the third quarter we expect to complete a methane gas recovery project at the Billings, Montana, landfill that will benefit the utility’s natural gas customers as well as the environment and city.
We also continued to build on our reputation as a leader in safety. Montana-Dakota was one of two companies recognized by the American Gas Association as the industry’s safest medium-size combination utilities. Montana-Dakota and Great Plains Natural Gas finished 2009 with the best safety performance in their history.
production adjusts to commodity prices
Our production business, Fidelity Exploration & Production, implemented an aggressive cost-management strategy to counter low natural gas and oil prices. Its average realized price for natural gas declined 30 percent last year, and oil dropped 42 percent. The company cut its capital budget in half, reduced its drilling program, lowered lease operating expenses substantially, and benefitted from a strong hedging program.
As a result of the reduced activity, natural gas production declined 13 percent. Oil production increased 11 percent due to a continued focus on North Dakota’s rich Bakken region, which has become our largest oil-producing property. In just over two years, we have produced more than 1.2 million barrels of oil from our Bakken interests. The company operates 30 wells in the Bakken and has an interest in several non-operated wells.
We believe this business has excellent growth potential. In
the short term, we have designated part of our 2010 capital budget for potential reserve acquisitions that we expect may become available in this lower price environment. Over the longer term, natural gas will be a key part of the nation’s solution to energy issues such as carbon dioxide emissions. It is abundant, clean and cost-efficient, and demand for the fuel will increase. Fidelity is in a strong position to benefit, with significant natural gas reserves that are integrated with our pipeline and energy services business.
strong year for pipeline, energy services
Strong demand for transportation and storage services contributed to record earnings for our pipeline and energy services group. Customers acquiring natural gas inexpensively and moving it into storage in anticipation of future price increases helped push storage volumes to a record level and contributed to record total throughput on our transportation system.
Williston Basin Interstate Pipeline owns three storage fields with a total working storage capacity of 193 billion cubic feet. The Baker field in Montana is the largest single natural gas storage reservoir in North America. The company is exploring an expansion of firm deliverability from the Baker field and related transportation capacity.
Last August, Williston Basin completed an expansion of its Grasslands Pipeline, which provides Rocky Mountain natural gas producers access to Mid-Continent markets. The pipeline is at its ultimate firm capacity of 213 million cubic feet per day.
The energy services group broadened its portfolio of services with the acquisition of Total Corrosion Solutions. This business provides solutions for detecting, preventing and controlling corrosion on metal structures for customers throughout the Pacific Northwest and Rocky Mountain regions.
economy impacts construction services
Our construction services business was impacted by the economy, which has brought work to a standstill in the traditionally strong Las Vegas gaming market. However, the group’s equipment sales and rental business remained strong, as customers prepare for an anticipated effort to strengthen and expand the country’s aging electricity transmission infrastructure.
Our construction services business recently was awarded the engineering, procurement and construction contract to build a 214-mile high-voltage transmission line between Alberta, Canada, and Great Falls, Montana. We expect the infrastructure build-out, as well as government stimulus funding, to provide additional opportunities for our highly skilled work force.
construction materials improves earnings
Our construction materials and contracting business, Knife River Corporation, increased earnings by more than 50 percent despite the continuing weakness of the national construction market. Revenue from asphalt paving and liquid
 mdu resources group, inc. 3
 
   Terry d. Hildestad
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Harry J. pearce
Chairman of the Board
transmission line that would transport wind energy to major metropolitan markets.
We also are focusing on our commitment to use natural resources efficiently and to minimize the environmental impact of our activities. This year we will develop quantitative goals, based on available technologies, for reducing total greenhouse gas emissions from our products and operations. By year-end, we will provide a report to stockholders on our plans for achieving these goals.
Thanks to retiring directors
We would like to express our appreciation to two longtime directors, John Olson and Sister Thomas Welder. John retired last August in accordance with the company’s bylaws, which require retirement at age 70. Sister Thomas is not seeking re-election this year because her mandatory retirement date would occur soon after the election.
During their 20-plus years on the board of directors, John and Sister Thomas have helped guide the development of our diversified business strategy. Just as important, their personal values have served as a model for the vision that guides our company: “With integrity, create superior shareholder value by expanding upon our expertise to be the supplier of choice in all of our markets while being a safe and great place to work.”
This core value of integrity also has guided us in establishing a tradition of good corporate governance throughout our history. Through the years, we have adopted governance practices that we believe are in the best interests of all our shareholders and maximize our accountability to them. Recent examples include majority voting for directors in uncontested elections, declassification of the board so that each director stands for election at each annual meeting, and separation of the chairman and chief executive positions for a more efficient leadership structure. This year, in response to a shareholder’s request, we are recommending the repeal of the supermajority vote requirements in our certificate of incorporation.
Finally, thank you for your investment in MDU Resources. Since 1992 we have completed 125 acquisitions, and have increased revenues more than tenfold. We believe the company is in a very strong financial position – balance sheet, cash flow, liquidity and access to capital – that will enable our employees to continue that extraordinary growth.
Harry J. Pearce Chairman of the Board
Terry D. Hildestad
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 17, 2010
asphalt oil increased substantially, and we anticipate these product lines will provide additional opportunities in 2010 as the result of government stimulus funding for roads. The government has allocated $7.9 billion of transportation stimulus funding to states in which Knife River operates, and about 80 percent has yet to be spent.
Energy projects such as wind farms, transmission lines and refineries also present opportunities. In the meantime, the business will continue its aggressive cost management, which reduced costs by about $90 million during 2009. Knife River also will continue its successful employee safety initiative, which has resulted in safety improvements for
11 consecutive years.
new legislation is needed
We are working with industry coalitions on several pieces of federal legislation that have significant implications for our company.
One measure would renew authorization for highway funding, which expired last September. We hope this will include a spending increase, because years of underfunding have left a third of our country’s major roads in poor or mediocre condition, and more than a quarter of bridges are either structurally deficient or functionally obsolete. Transportation work represents a substantial portion of Knife River’s business.
We also support energy legislation that reduces the country’s greenhouse gas emissions. It is important to find an approach that balances the country’s environmental and economic priorities; the “cap-and-trade” legislation that has been proposed in Congress fails this test. Legislation also must allow existing forms of energy, including coal, to play a role alongside a growing supply of renewables. We are in a good position to benefit because of our experience as an operator or supplier to a wide range of energy projects, including coal, natural gas, wind, solar, geothermal and the transmission needed to carry electricity to customers.
Our utility service territory includes some of the best wind resources in the nation, but development is hindered by the lack of adequate transmission. We are investigating participation in some of these transmission projects, such as the proposed Green Power Express, a 3,000-mile
   4 mdu resources group, inc.
