LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 J. Stewart Bryan III, Chairman of the Board, and George L. Mahoney, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Mahoney assumed his position on January 1, 2013.
We’ve completed our transformation to a broadcast television and digital media company. Media General has a bright future, driven by the tighter operational focus we have today and by strong cash flow.
Dear Shareholders,
We’re delighted to write to you about the changes we’ve implemented at Media General and about
our new business model, what’s been achieved so far, and our growth of shareholder value. We believe you’ll be pleased with these accomplishments and with the improved results that are being delivered daily by our incredibly talented, committed and innovative employees. We’re very proud of them.
The Transformation of Media General
Media General began the new year in 2013 as a vastly different company compared to a year ago. Last year, we had a portfolio of newspapers, television stations and advertising services businesses, and we had debt-refinancing needs.
• We entered 2013 having divested our newspapers and advertising services businesses.
Media General tightened its focus with the sale of its newspapers in 2012, it refinanced a $363 million bank loan and it implemented a management succession plan.
   February 22 May 17 June 25 August 22 September 24 October 8 December 31
 Announced potential sale of newspapers
Announced new financing agreement with Berkshire Hathaway
Sold 63 newspapers to Berkshire Hathaway
Board named George Mahoney next CEO
Berkshire Hathaway became a major shareholder
Sold The Tampa Tribune to Tampa Media Group
President, CEO Marshall Morton retired
2 MEDIA GENERAL

We will realize the potential of our new focus with excellent performance, new products, by adapting quickly, and by living our values of integrity, quality and innovation.
• We refinanced $363 million of bank debt, extending its maturity to 2020. The new term loan was provided by Berkshire Hathaway.
• We reduced our corporate staff, which had been scaled to serve both a newspaper and broadcast company, thereby decreasing annual corporate expense from $32 million to $20 million.
• We implemented a management succession plan that became effective on January 1, 2013.
• We have a significant new stockholder, Berkshire Hathaway.
These are transformational changes for our company. We have accomplished everything we committed to do in 2012, and we did so more quickly than some thought possible.
Our New Model Provides A Bright Future
Media General has a bright future as a pure-play broadcast television and digital media company. The change in our business model provides clarity and focus, and we’re moving forward quickly with excellent perfor- mance, serving our customers in new ways across multiple platforms and, every day, living our core values of integ- rity, quality and innovation.
2012 Was An Outstanding Year
Operationally, 2012 was a stand-out year for the company, marked by strong performance in our core broadcast advertising revenue. We benefited not only from record political advertising, the Super Bowl and the Summer Olympics in London on our eight NBC stations, but also from growth in key local and national advertising categories, particularly automotive.
Total revenues increased 28% to $360 million, and all
major categories contributed, including retransmission and digital.
Broadcast cash flow for the full year was $146 million, with a 40.5% margin. EBITDA was $112 million, with a 31% margin.
Record Political Revenues
Political revenues were a record $64 million. We ben- efited from our top-ranked stations and top-rated news- casts, where political advertisers prefer to place their ads. Our political revenues also reflected the presence of six of our stations in four of the key Presidential battleground states – Florida, North Carolina, Virginia and Ohio. We’re very pleased to own this particular group of strategically located stations.
Core Revenues Grew 6%
Core local time sales increased to $187 million, and national time sales grew 6.6% to $95 million. These amounts exclude political advertising. Our stations did an outstanding job managing our inventory during the politi- cal season – and after.
Automotive continued to be our largest advertising category and accounted for nearly 21% of our revenues. Total automotive advertising increased 25% from the prior year. Local automotive advertising was up 31%, and national automotive advertising rose 16%.
Retransmission Fees Increased 76%
Retransmission fees increased by 76% to $38 million. This reflects the renewal in late 2011 of contracts reach- ing about 25% of the subscribers in our footprint and the attainment of new market-based rates. At the end of
2012 Gross Revenues
Local
National
Political
Retransmission fees
Digital (local website and mobile revenues)
  2012 Revenue Growth
($ in millions)
200 150 100
50 0
+6.1%
Local
+6.6%
+11x
2011 2012
                 +76.3%
  +18.4%
     National
Political
Retransmission
Digital
2012 ANNUAL REPORT 3

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
2012, we completed a new, multi-year agreement with Time Warner. The rates we’re being paid are starting to reflect the value of our unique local programming and the demand in our communities for the quality content we provide.
We also executed a new, four-year affiliation agreement with NBC in early December. The terms of the agreement were retroactive to January 1, 2012, and include a new quarterly fee that can vary based on actual subscriber counts and retransmission revenues at our stations.
Digital Revenues Grew 18%
Digital revenues increased 18% to $10 million. Grow- ing our digital audience and revenues is a priority; in this, our newspaper heritage gives us a sense of urgency and ability as we evaluate legacy platforms and focus on new ones. We are, and we will continue to be, aggressive about pursuing new ways to sell digital products and build audience, principally by adding new mobile and desk-
top web content – all with the aim of fully capturing the growth in our markets.
and local advertising training and programs. Further, our stations have gained access to new national and niche digital content.
More Newscasts
In 2012, the overall market share of our television stations increased by almost a full point against our in-market broadcast competitors. This is a significant ac- complishment in our industry.
We’re out-performing the competition in part because we have more local newscasts. In 2012, we added 13 newscasts across our stations. It’s not unusual for a Media General station to run 35-40 hours of local news each week. And the vast majority of our newscasts are rated #1 or #2 in their markets.
More Local Programming
Additionally, many of our stations produce local variety shows aimed at specific consumer interests in their markets. We introduced eight of these shows in 2012 and, across the company, we air 37 hours each week of
Media General intends to be at the forefront with new ideas as the broadcast business evolves and adapts to new technologies and consumer habits.
this type of very local programming. This content distinguishes Media General and consistently attracts new viewers and advertisers. It also
We’re additionally in the midst of a program to strengthen the content and technology for our broad- cast websites and our mobile platforms with a new content management system that’s designed specifi- cally for broadcasters. It provides a single workflow between newsrooms, websites and mobile devices, which means that our newsrooms are able to provide richer content, more efficiently, and with greater imme- diacy for their audiences. We’re also adding audience extension products, national advertising sales support,
Significant Revenue Growth Drivers in 2012
Elections Super Bowl Olympics
reduces syndicated programming expense, while increas- ing our spot inventory.
Debt Refinancing Activities
We entered into a new financing arrangement with Berkshire Hathaway in May 2012. It provided us with a $400 million term loan and a $45 million revolving credit line. This gives Media General significant financial and operating flexibility; the term loan’s 2020 maturity allows us to operate with a long-term view.
         4 MEDIA GENERAL
Retransmission Fees Auto Advertising Digital Media

Because of our strong operating track record and the steps we’ve taken to transform the company, Media General has a bright future.
We immediately used the proceeds from the sale of our newspapers to reduce the outstanding face value of the term loan to $302 million. Our revolver has no outstanding balance.
We also have outstanding Senior Notes with a face value of $300 million. The notes mature in 2017 and are callable in February of 2014 at a redemption price of just under 106%. By this time next year we expect to have refinanced these notes at a significantly lower interest rate, also utilizing cash on our balance sheet to reduce the amount borrowed.
Forward Focus
Our over-arching focus now is to increase our broad- cast cash flow and our margins. At the market level, this means increasing our ratings and growing our share of available revenue, particularly with new products, all as we carefully manage our expenses.
Innovation has become a critically important part of the fabric of Media General, and we intend to be at the forefront with new ideas as the broadcast industry evolves and adapts to new technologies and consumer preferences.
2013 Outlook
For 2013, as expected in an “odd” year in our industry, total revenues will decrease from last year, mostly due to the absence of non-recurring political revenues.
We have in place multiple key revenue drivers to
help offset these declines and capture anticipated mar- ket growth. Our household numbers were up in the important November sweeps. We expect 2013 political revenues of at least $5 million, from the Virginia guberna- torial race, from the Senate race in Massachusetts, from other races in South Carolina and Alabama, and from issue advertising across a number of our markets. Our retransmission revenues will increase by 50%. Our digital business will grow at better-than-industry rates.
In the near term, we’re focused primarily on organic growth initiatives. In 2013, we expect to:
• increase our market share,
• increase margins compared to the last odd-num-
bered year 2011,
• grow existing products, and
• introduce new products that will help us develop
our local audiences and enhance our advertiser relationships.
Our People Are Key Competitive Advantage
Media General employees have demonstrated extraordinary loyalty, diligence, and creativity during the challenges of the past several years. They have shown they can adapt quickly and effectively. Today, this means we can move quickly and effectively to seize new oppor- tunities.
The changes you’re reading about here are, signifi- cantly, a result of the leadership of Marshall Morton, who retired as our President and Chief Executive Officer on De- cember 31, 2012, after 23 years with Media General. We thank Marshall for everything he has accomplished, and we look forward to his continuing counsel as a member of our Board of Directors.
Tom Rankin and Scott Anthony will retire from our Board at this year’s Annual Meeting. Tom has served the company well as an expert on our Tampa market. Scott’s global experience with innovation and new product devel- opment has brought invaluable – and lasting – perspec- tive to the company. We thank Tom and Scott for their dedicated service.
On behalf of all Media General employees, we deeply appreciate your support and confidence. This is a time of great opportunity for us. We have a clear path forward.
We look forward to a strong 2013 and to delivering further increases in shareholder value.
Yours sincerely,
J. Stewart Bryan III Chairman of the Board
George L. Mahoney
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 28, 2013
       2012 ANNUAL REPORT 5
