 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
While we cannot defy the gravity of the current advertising environment, we can manage our business to emerge from the downturn stronger and more resilient. This means improving our operational efficiency, strengthening our local brands and continuing to invest in new media.
 6
A year ago I expressed optimism about the strength of our business given the popularity
of TV with consumers, its effectiveness as an advertising medium and our ability to grow new digital revenues. I also mentioned concern with the overall economy.
America’s love affair with TV has indeed continued. TV dominates the home space and high- definition programming has driven new TVs to the top of consumer electronic shopping lists. Broadcast television programming continues to attract the largest audience
and overall TV viewership levels remain strong, despite exponential increases in media entertainment choices. Unfortunately, the global economic crisis created many challenges for our industry in 2008.
Maximizing Opportunities in a Challenging Year
In 2008, our stations continued to hold strong market positions. We maximized our opportunities to generate greater political revenues, capture market share and distinguish ourselves from the competition during this historic election year. We had one goal in mind: to be the local source for information, both on-air and online. To help reach our goal, we launched politics.tv web sites in each
of our markets. This first-of-its-kind product provided viewers with the most
complete, hyper-local coverage of politics throughout the entire political season. In addition, we dedicated more time to cover political issues and candidate-centered stories, both on-air and online. As a
result, we generated significant political advertising with many of our stations exceeding our political revenue goals.
Also in 2008, we redefined our sports coverage. Our stations leveraged new teams of digital journalists who have
a wide range of skills, including video camera operation, writing and editing, to send unique and extended coverage back to our stations for instantaneous use on- air and online. We catered to consumers’ 24/7 viewing preferences and delivered award-winning local, regional and national sports coverage of popular events, such
as the NFL Super Bowl, the Major League Baseball playoff games and the World Series, as well as local high-school football and basketball “games of the week”.
The Olympic Games in Beijing were the most popular broadcast event of the summer. Through the magic of TV, viewers watched U.S. athletes compete on the other side of the world from the comfort
of their own living rooms, in near-perfect HD clarity. LIN TV deployed top-notch journalists to cover the events and feed live shots, blogs, daily news stories and special coverage back to all of our stations, which shared the cost of the undertaking.
The results of our efforts were outstanding, as many of our stations achieved our highest viewership level in years.
Financially, 2008 was disappointing. The unprecedented reductions in consumer and advertiser spending impacted our
business, especially in the second half of 2008 as the economic decline accelerated.
While we cannot defy the gravity of the current advertising environment, we can manage our business to emerge from the downturn stronger and more resilient. This means improving our operational efficiency, strengthening our local brands and continuing to invest in new media.
The LIN Interactive brand continues to be a driving force for our company’s success. This past year, we announced a new partnership with FOX Interactive Media (FIM) for the delivery of both back-end and front-end publishing services to
our company’s growing suite of web properties. Our new media teams worked around-the-clock with FIM to build the optimum web sites and populate them with local and relevant content. Today, most of our sites rank an impressive #1 in our local markets, with time spent on our sites averaging nearly 14 minutes.
We are industry-leaders in new media
and our online business has the potential for continued growth. Since only a small percentage of the local population visits our web sites, we believe there is plenty of room for incremental viewership. In order to capture even further market share,
we will continue to improve and add
new content that is exciting and relevant to viewers in our local markets and evaluate new business opportunities that complement our company’s core assets.
As I mentioned in my letter to shareholders last year, 2008 would be incredibly busy with pay-TV retransmission negotiations. I am pleased to report we have now

completed negotiations with every major pay TV provider in our local markets, enabling our company to diversify
away from the single revenue stream of traditional advertising and participate in and receive a fair share of subscription fees, something cable programmers have enjoyed for years.
Despite the economic downturn, in 2008 we increased total digital revenues by 95% year-over-year, further advancing our transformation to a company
with multiple, high-growth revenue streams. Digital revenues have become a significant part of our profitability and will become an even greater percentage in 2009.
Our Plan for 2009 and Beyond
Looking ahead, 2009 will likely result in the largest ad revenue decline in decades. Since we do not have clear visibility into when an economic turnaround might occur, we have adjusted our plans for what could be a new sales paradigm, resulting in significantly reduced advertising expenditures.
I believe the best companies adjust their operating plans during challenging times and with sound execution, survive short term crisis and emerge stronger, leaner and more focused to take advantage of the next cycle of economic prosperity. This is our mission.
Here is some insight into
2009 and beyond:
Given the economic crisis, local TV advertising could contract by 10%
or more in 2009, excluding political. Consumer advertising, including auto, retail and financial services, represents 80% of LIN TV’s total revenue; therefore, we expect to be negatively impacted.
Our company is focused on increasing new business and continuing to capture greater share of the local TV ad market. We will monetize our growth in web traffic and interactive revenues, including mobile - a business that was non-existent
two years ago, attracting more than 25 million impressions in 2008. In addition, we will enjoy the full-year impact of
the retransmission fees we have previously negotiated.
Our 2009 expense-reduction initiatives are significant, and will help to partially offset the decline in advertising revenue. We have made unprecedented restructuring decisions in station operations, including the use of multitasking news professionals that will report, photograph and edit local content for our television stations
and web sites. This new approach
to newsgathering requires talented individuals that embrace the job diversity and fast pace of new media – truly a new way of thinking.
We have reduced LIN TV’s headcount
by 11% in the last four years, while building our digital teams and improving the quality of our local news product. In addition, we are upgrading our equipment and reconfiguring our newsrooms. Our goal is to produce more news on a 24/7, real-time basis for our web, mobile and TV outlets, using fewer resources.
We continue to automate our master control operations. In addition, many
of our studios are fully-equipped with robotic cameras that are programmed with hundreds of shots. We have eliminated the finance and administrative functions at our individual stations
by regionalizing these administrative functions, including timekeeping.
Restructuring our company is possible because we have invested in the
digital conversion of our stations and technology centers. We have focused
our resources on viewers and
advertisers, while streamlining back-office functions, all while maintaining
the same high level of commitment
to the communities we serve. Our stations are active on a daily basis covering important news stories
and serving advertisers through the development of effective multi-platform advertising campaigns.
LIN TV’s restructuring and shift in approach to newsgathering and production will be one of the most significant changes the TV news business has experienced.
From 2001 to 2005, TV station advertising averaged a 3% annual growth rate.
We believe growth will return to
our industry, once we get past this challenging economic period. TV is
a very effective advertising medium and when coupled with Internet advertising, it is the most effective combination of media outlets. We
also believe some fragmentation will occur to new media, which is why
our interactive business is so
important – we have and will continue to offer our clients a diversified, one-stop shopping ad campaign on our top rated TV stations, web sites and mobile platforms.
As long as people are interested in what is going on in their communities – politics, local sports, community affairs, weather, traffic – local TV will be a great business.
I truly believe that TV will always have
a place in the world of digital media
and I am proud to be a part of a great community-building, informative and entertaining business. I know we provide valuable products to our viewers
and advertisers. In these challenging economic times, there is no other place
I would rather be.
Know that your team at LIN TV is making the decisions necessary to be fiscally responsible, while continuing to work new media initiatives that we expect will continue providing high revenue growth. Our plan includes digital growth and a rationalized efficient cost structure to accelerate cash flow growth, as we emerge from the current state of
the economy. Sincerely,
Vincent L. Sadusky
  7
