Chairman’s Letter
To my fellow shareholders:
Most certainly, 2010 will be a year that people will look back upon as a time of significant transformation and accomplishment for MetLife. This is no small statement given the tremendous milestones of growth and innovation that define MetLife’s 143-year history. But it is also fitting in that we truly demonstrated the power of this great company and our focus on ensuring that we deliver on the promises we have made to our customers, who now total 90 million around the globe.
Without a doubt, our acquisition of American Life Insurance Company (Alico) was a tremendous accomplishment in 2010 as it transformed MetLife into a global life insurance and employee benefits powerhouse. At its core, this acquisition benefits us in many ways, giving MetLife leadership positions in key markets, including Japan, Europe and the Middle East. Furthermore, it will be accretive to both our earnings and return on equity in 2011 and provides opportunities to expand the strong relationships we have built with FORTUNE 500» clients in the U.S. But even more noteworthy is that we were able to pursue and complete this $16.4 billion acquisition because of the high priority we placed on our financial strength before and during the financial crisis. The foresight, experience and risk management expertise that define the culture of MetLife have truly served us, our customers and our shareholders very well.
Strong, Diverse Businesses
In 2010, we continued our focus on growth, even as we completed the largest acquisition in MetLife’s history. Total revenues grew 28% over 2009 to $52.7 billion as premiums grew 4%, fees increased 16% and net investment income recovered significantly, growing 19%. We have demonstrated industry-leading strength in growing our top line over the past two years — a time during which there has clearly been considerable economic uncertainty. We are pleased to be a top provider in our chosen markets, but we will only pursue revenue growth where we know we can generate bottom line growth as well.
To that end, bottom line improvements were very impressive in 2010, with earnings increasing significantly over 2009. Book value per common share rose 16% over year-end 2009 to $44.18 as our investment portfolio moved from being in a net unrealized loss position to having net unrealized gains at year-end 2010.
Briefly, I would like to share some highlights of our businesses’ performance this year.
Our U.S. Business is an industry leader that meets consumers’ protection and savings needs wherever it is convenient for them — at the workplace, through a MetLife or third-party representative and, more recently, by offering term life insurance online as well. In 2010, U.S. Business premiums, fees and other revenues increased slightly over 2009 to $28.9 billion while earnings grew considerably. Results within U.S. Business included:
• Premiums, fees and other revenues in Insurance Products were $20.2 billion, which is consistent with 2009’s performance. Top line results in this business benefited from growth in our group life and dental businesses — two product lines in which MetLife is a leader. We also made further progress on our efforts to help consumers address their life insurance protection needs by making it easier for the underserved middle market to purchase term life insurance through metlife.com. Also, in early 2011, we launched MetLife Promise Whole Life, a new permanent insurance product that offers long-term protection and the advantages of guaranteed cash value that grows each year, tax-deferred, along with dividend participation.
• RetirementProductspremiums,feesandotherrevenueswere$3.3billion,up19%duetostronggrowthin fee income as profits in the segment more than doubled. Annuity deposits also were strong at $20.1 billion and assets grew 14% over 2009 to reach a record $162.7 billion. We continue to be a leader in the annuity business, with clients valuing the guaranteed income these products generate in retirement.
• In Corporate Benefit Funding — which specializes in structured risk solutions — premiums, fees and other revenues were $2.4 billion. At the same time, the business experienced strong growth in profitability and a higher return on equity over 2009. During the year, we had solid sales of both structured settlements and
  
pension closeouts. The high structured settlement sales we have generated over the past two years are an ideal example of how MetLife has benefited from the flight to quality in the industry that I have spoken of before. Recently, pension closeout sales have been smaller due to the low interest rate environment, but we remain well positioned to assist businesses in need of expertise with managing their pension liabilities.
• MetLife’s Auto & Home business, which is one of the largest providers of group auto and home insurance, continued to deliver strong performance in 2010. Sales of new policies increased 11% for our homeowners business and 4% for our auto business compared to 2009 — notable increases given the highly competitive property and casualty insurance market. In addition, the combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, improved to 88.1% from 88.9% in 2009.
Our International business experienced a tremendous expansion this year, growing from operating in 16 countries to more than 60 with the completion of our Alico acquisition on November 1. Due to Alico having a fiscal year end of November 30, only one month of its results are reflected in International’s year-end performance. Nevertheless, premiums, fees and other revenues grew 36% to $5.8 billion in 2010 and we are well positioned to expand this growth in 2011. Our International business now has expanded diversity in products, distribution and geography, and is expected to contribute approximately 30% of MetLife’s total premiums, fees and other revenues in 2011, up from 16% in 2010.
Finally, MetLife Bank, which has grown to become a leading originator and servicer of residential mortgages, generated total operating revenues of $1.4 billion, down 9% from 2009 as mortgage refinancing activity returned to more moderate levels compared to the unusually high activity experienced across the industry in 2009. At the same time, total assets for MetLife Bank grew to $16.3 billion, up from $14.1 billion at December 31, 2009.
All together, these results truly demonstrated the value that our company can deliver for both customers and shareholders. They also illustrate our ability to successfully complete a significant undertaking like the acquisition of Alico while maintaining attention on our day-to-day business operations. I am proud of all that we accomplished in 2010 as our achievements will help drive further growth and value in the future. Looking ahead, we are focused on leveraging the many strengths of our new, global organization to ensure we can build upon MetLife’s impressive history with new milestones of success.
I thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
C. Robert Henrikson
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
MetLife, Inc.
March 1, 2011
 