Chairman’s Letter
To my fellow shareholders:
In my letter to you last year, I talked about some of the attributes that define and differentiate MetLife — our financial strength, our leading position in the insurance industry and the guarantees we provide our customers. In 2009, these attributes once again proved to be critically important, and enabled us to grow premiums, fees & other revenues 4% over 2008. This growth was achieved in one of the most challenging economic environments seen in decades, proving that MetLife’s customers value what
we bring to the marketplace — demonstrated expertise in meeting their long-term financial needs.
As shareholders of this great company, you know that our extensive track record of success can also be attributed to the long-term view we take. Over time, we have built leading insurance and retirement businesses with tremendous scale which, when combined with our unwavering focus on meeting client needs, have enabled us to increase market share and further strengthen our leadership positions.
Extending Our Lead in the U.S.
Last August, we took a bold step in reorganizing our businesses in the United States to position MetLife for further success. Specifically, we combined the former Institutional and Individual Businesses, as well as our Auto & Home unit, into a single organization now called U.S. Business. This realignment recognized that we can better serve both employee benefit plan sponsors and individual customers through a single, integrated organization.
In U.S. Business — which consists of Insurance Products, Retirement Products, Corporate Benefit Funding and Auto & Home — premiums, fees & other revenues grew 2% over 2008 to $28.6 billion. Importantly, this growth was achieved while we simultaneously maintained our pricing and risk management discipline. Briefly, I would like to share some highlights of the performance of these businesses to illustrate how our financial strength, scale and experience are benefiting us:
• In Insurance Products, premiums, fees & other revenues increased 4% as each of the businesses that make up this segment — group life, individual life and non-medical health — grew over 2008. The scale that MetLife has built in a number of group businesses has enabled us to generate profitable growth, and this was particularly the case with our group life and non-medical health businesses, where we continue to maintain leading market positions. On the individual side, we also saw strong demand for our whole and term life insurance products, sales of which grew 46% and 23%, respectively.
• The demand for the guarantees associated with many of our annuity products helped drive a 5% increase in premiums, fees & other revenues in our Retirement Products business. In addition, total annuity deposits grew 10%. In 2009, we also maintained our leading position in the annuity marketplace, ending the year as the number one seller of annuities, according to VARDS and LIMRA.
• Financial strength and long-term experience are just two factors that have made us a leader and expert in providing pension closeouts, structured settlements and other solutions that make up our Corporate Benefit Funding business. During 2009, we continued to capture market share in the structured settlement business, growing premiums for this product line 53% over 2008. In addition, our long history of developing innovative pension risk transfer solutions enabled us to generate $944 million in pension closeout premiums.
• Our Auto & Home business also had another solid year, with sales of new policies increasing 10% over 2008. Today, we remain the largest provider of group auto and home insurance and this business continues to generate strong profits for MetLife, ending the year with an excellent return on equity of 18% and a combined ratio of 92.3%.
  
In addition to the strong performance of our U.S. insurance and retirement businesses, MetLife Bank also grew considerably. In 2008, we acquired both forward and reverse mortgage businesses, which helped drive the Bank’s total revenues to $1.3 billion in 2009, up substantially from $284 million in 2008. In addition, total assets grew 37% from year-end 2008 to reach $14.1 billion.
Expanding Our International Reach
The diversification in both product offerings and distribution that has benefited our businesses in the U.S. has also enabled us to grow internationally. In 2009, our International business generated premiums, fees & other revenues of $4.3 billion as we continued to focus on expanding our established businesses in certain countries while also investing in operations that will deliver future growth.
Our international growth will be accelerated as a result of our recently announced agreement to acquire one of American International Group, Inc.’s international subsidiaries, American Life Insurance Company (ALICO) — one of the world’s largest and most diversified international life insurance companies. With this acquisition, MetLife will create a global life insurance and employee benefits powerhouse, and is delivering on its strategy to accelerate international expansion as a powerful growth engine for our company. Upon completion of the transaction, MetLife, which is already the largest life insurer in the United States and Mexico, will become a leading competitor in Japan, the world’s second-largest life insurance market. The transaction will give MetLife a presence in more than 50 countries outside of the U.S. It will materially advance our position in Europe and move MetLife into a top five market position in many high growth emerging markets in Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Latin America.
During the remainder of 2010, while ensuring customers of both MetLife and ALICO receive seamless service, we are dedicated to unlocking the value and earnings accretion that this acquisition will bring to MetLife’s shareholders.
Demonstrating the Value of MetLife
Over the course of 2009, we continued to see the benefits of the initiative we took to reposition MetLife’s investment portfolio prior to the recession. As the year progressed, net unrealized losses dropped dramatically. At year-end 2009, our book value was $37.54 per share, a 37% increase over year-end 2008.
In addition, we took a number of proactive steps in 2008 and 2009 to further improve shareholder value. Not only did we pay an annual common stock dividend of $0.74 per share — unchanged from 2007 and 2008 — but we did not let the recession distract us from the strategic efforts we began in 2007. Specifically, we made significant progress on our Operational Excellence initiative in 2009, achieving our goal of attaining at least $400 million in pre- tax annualized savings one year ahead of our target. As a result, we have increased our pre-tax annualized savings goal by $200 million to reach $600 million by year-end 2010.
Affirming MetLife’s Strong Financial Position
Before I conclude this letter, I feel it is important to highlight two key issues that affirmed MetLife’s great financial strength last year.
As you know, the economic challenges in the U.S. spurred the government to implement a number of efforts to create stability in the economy in 2009. One of these efforts was the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Capital Purchase Program, otherwise known as TARP. In April, we announced that MetLife had elected not to participate in the program. We made this decision because of the actions we had already taken to reinforce our strong financial position, including raising capital in the marketplace in late 2008. This strong position was validated when the results of the U.S. Treasury’s capital assessment exercise (known as the stress test) affirmed that, based on the economic scenarios and methodology of the exercise, MetLife was deemed to have adequate capital to sustain a further deterioration in the economy. It also reinforced what MetLife had been saying since the financial crisis began — that we are financially strong and well positioned for both the current environment and a potential further economic downturn.

Looking ahead, I am very optimistic about MetLife’s future. Despite all that has occurred in the global economy over the past 18 months, we have grown revenues and stayed true to our disciplined focus on risk management, underwriting and improving our expense margins. We will continue to bring an intense focus to executing our growth strategies, enabling us to meet the expanding financial needs of customers around the world. This is what MetLife is all about.
Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
C. Robert Henrikson
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
MetLife, Inc.
March 10, 2010
 