1 A Letter from the CEO
MoneyGram 2004 Annual Report
 Our Purpose:
To help people and businesses by providing affordable, reliable, and convenient payment services
Our Corporate Values:
Respect, Courage, Passion, Integrity, Teamwork
Phil Milne
President and CEO
A Letter from the CEO
To Our Shareholders:
Welcome to MoneyGram International, Inc. and our first annual report. The year 2004 was remarkable for our business. We successfully completed two major structural changes, saw significant growth in our money transfer business, and repositioned our Payment Systems official check business. These events and many other accomplishments in 2004 prepare our company for a bright future.
In March 2004, we sold our Game Financial business, enabling us to sharpen our focus on our core business. In June we completed our spin-off from Viad Corp, and MoneyGram International began “when-issued” trading on the NYSE on June 22. Our total return from the beginning of “when-issued” trading through December 31, 2004, was 8.5 percent, compared to 7.8 percent for the S&P 500.
Our employees rose to the challenge of bringing our company public, while never losing sight of our core purpose: to provide people and businesses with affordable, reliable and convenient payment services.
At MoneyGram International, our corporate values form the foundation of our organization and have been the basis of our success. Our values of respect, courage, passion, integrity and teamwork define how we interact with all our stakeholders, from our consumers and customer-partners to our shareholders and one another. Every employee is expected to demonstrate these traits every day, as well as comply with the requirements of our corporate code of ethics.
We leave 2004 having reached several milestones:
• Grew the global money transfer agent network by 22 percent to more than 77,000 agent locations.
• Achieved money transfer transaction volume growth of more than 25 percent for 14 consecutive quarters.
• Expanded the money transfer business into the financial institution market in the U.S. with the signing of two major domestic banks as money transfer agents.
• Enhanced our value proposition to more consumers around the globe by introducing the right currency with the right fee structure.
 
MoneyGram 2004 Annual Report
A Letter from the CEO 2
  Corporate Governance
MoneyGram International is committed to fair and ethical business practices that incorporate clear corporate values, strong corporate governance, integrity in financial reporting and strict compliance with laws governing our business activities.
The values that are the cornerstone of our corporate culture are respect, courage, passion, integrity and teamwork.
MoneyGram has a code of ethics. Our employees are educated to conduct themselves in a manner that demonstrates high standards of business and personal ethics as well as compliance with laws.
The majority of our board is independent. MoneyGram’s audit committee, human resources committee, finance and investment committee, and corporate governance and nominating committees are all composed entirely of independent directors.
In 2004, we began our Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404 assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. We will report on internal controls for the year ending December 31, 2005.
• Broadened distribution channels for global money transfer by introducing Internet money transfers through MoneyGram eMoney Transfer.
• Positioned the official check business to capitalize on improving interest rates over the long term and increased fees.
To enhance stockholder value in 2005, we plan to:
• Continue to expand our agent base and broaden our distribution channels.
• Increase our investment in our global branding strategy, technology
and people.
• Introduce new products and enhancements.
• Step up our initiative to cross-sell our Global Funds Transfer products to
the financial institution marketplace.
• Continue to invest in compliance with regulatory requirements, including
money transfer regulations and Sarbanes-Oxley.
• Continue to support the communities where we do business through our
five-year commitment with Habitat for Humanity to build homes around the world and our MoneyGram Global Giving initiative.
We have adopted strong corporate governance policies, adhering to principles that are required by the New York Stock Exchange. A majority of our board of directors is independent and all are experienced business people. I want to thank them for the invaluable support and counsel as we worked through the successful spin-off and launch of MoneyGram International as an independent, publicly traded New York Stock Exchange company.
I would like to thank everyone who helped us accomplish so much in 2004. This includes our hard-working employees who share our vision and values, our business partners, our loyal customers and our shareholders.
As we look forward to 2005 and beyond, we are driven by our vision to provide affordable, reliable and convenient payment services, and are guided by our values. Thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Philip W. Milne
Chief Executive Officer
 What Guides Us: Our Strategic Focus
