  © MAYA LIN - “SILVER RIVER” 2009
LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
Let me be clear: 2009 was a demanding year. It demanded our courage, our strength and our resolve.
Throughout what were undoubtedly the most difficult economic circumstances of our generation, your Company demonstrated the courage of conviction, the courage to persevere, and the courage to endure. It is said that the greatest measure of character comes when we are pushed to the very brink – that moment when we feel we have nothing left, and then reach deeper to find just that much more.
THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT THE EMPLOYEES OF YOUR COMPANY DID IN 2009.
Like most, ever since I was young I have defined courage in traditional ways. The word evoked images of a soldier taking up arms for his/her country and of a police officer staring down a criminal with a gun. But this past year, I learned a new form of courage. I was privileged to witness the courage of our employees as they faced this recession head-on. While all of us were reading the fatalistic headlines written by journalists and analysts who had written off our industry, the employees of your Company were coming to work, supporting one another through extraordinary personal and professional circumstances, clocking in on time, going the extra mile and delivering a level of exceptional service that made our guests feel special.

  We have stared down the competition, the economy and the naysayers.
THEY NEVER GAVE UP AND NEVER GAVE IN.
Ultimately, the successes our Company achieved would not have been possible without the extraordinary courage, dedication and heroism exhibited by the people of this Company. So I begin my annual message to you by telling you how extraordinarily proud I am of my fellow employees and the courage they exhibit among us every day at MGM MIRAGE. We have stared down the competition, the economy and the naysayers. There were those who thought we would fail. The problems of Las Vegas, the U.S. economy, and the global financial crisis were just too big – they said. But we prevailed. Our company demonstrated that it is necessary – and beneficial – to meet unprecedented problems with unprecedented solutions, to remake and re-imagine, to innovate and envision, a new company that is not just stronger, but smarter, more sustainable, and more connected to the people we serve.
      
   “CITYCENTER SEEMED LIKE A NATURAL EXTENSION - OR EVOLUTION - OF THE BEST VEGAS HAS TO OFFER, WRAPPED UP IN ONE HUGE PACKAGE. EXCITING WITHOUT BEING OVERWHELMING. IMPRESSIVE, BUT NOT OPPRESSIVE. LUXURIOUS BUT LESS
WASTEFUL. A PLACE IN ITS OWN RIGHT, NOT A SUPERFICIAL KNOCKOFF OF
ANOTHER CITY. AND YES, YOU’RE REALLY IN LAS VEGAS.”
SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE

  THE
COURAGE
TO
PERSEVERE
Your Company greeted the arrival of 2009 under formidable circumstances. Compounding a national economy already on the ropes, politicians and the media vilified companies that came to Las Vegas to do business. Wall Street began to pen our obituary. Anxious lenders, already concerned, became even more apprehensive.
The largest privately funded project in the United States, CityCenter right here in Las Vegas, faced financial jeopardy. Thousands of jobs were at risk; the future of the city was in doubt. We understood the overwhelming odds and kept working, refusing to accept defeat. Each hill we climbed revealed yet one more behind it, even larger. Our Corporate Finance team led by Dan D’Arrigo and Bob Selwood worked literally around the clock and brilliantly tackled every challenge we faced.
FINALLY, WE ACCOMPLISHED WHAT OTHERS SAID COULD NOT BE DONE.
We successfully negotiated terms with our lenders for both CityCenter and for MGM MIRAGE that injected vital capital into our enterprises. We sold assets to raise cash, and cut costs from every corner of operations. We created the runway needed to restructure our obligations and in the months since, we have accomplished even greater strides in strengthening our financial position.
And while we now stand on far more solid financial ground, 2009 still served as a serious wake-up call. As survivors of that experience, each of us has gained a renewed sense of hope and determination. As a company, we begin every day with a new lease on life and a keen sense of optimism, armed with the lessons of our past.
   
    “CITYCENTER IS STRAIGHTFORWARD, BOLD AND BEAUTIFUL.” THE OREGONIAN
No less impressive than our financial accomplishment was the successful, on-time completion and opening of CityCenter. While we were working around the clock to build and solidify relationships with international financiers, 10,000 men and women were next door building one of the finest resort destinations in the world. When guests arrive at CityCenter, they may not realize the toil and true grit that we invested in this project, but they almost immediately realize that in CityCenter, we have changed the landscape of Las Vegas forever. Architects, craftsmen and builders turned vision into a brick-and-mortar reality, merging refined style and innovation with sensibility and class. Our staff worked tirelessly to ensure delivery of a world-class icon. The result is the most breathtaking, extraordinary development Las Vegas has ever seen.
AMIDST THE WORST ECONOMY IN A GENERATION, CITYCENTER BECAME THE LARGEST HIRING OPPORTUNITY IN THE NATION, CREATING MORE THAN 10,000 JOBS.
 
  THE COURAGE TO ENDURE
   
 Beyond Las Vegas, your Company continues to make great strides in the international marketplace. MGM Macau turned the corner operationally in 2009. Cash flows are growing and plans are underway to increase our stake in that dynamic market. We are rolling out concepts to modify the gaming floor, to make it even more exciting and compelling for high-end players, and to broaden our appeal to mass market customers. Our Macau neighbor, One Central, opened its doors in January 2010. This new retail facility is a beautiful addition to the area, featuring a phenomenal line-up of retailers that includes Louis Vuitton, Hermès, Loewe, and Tod’s. We expect MGM Macau to benefit greatly from the increased visitor traffic. While we continue to grow the market share of MGM Macau, we are also seeking opportunities to expand in the region with our JV partner. We are engaged in the process of expanding our presence in Macau and plan to play a significant role in the region’s future development. MGM MIRAGE Hospitality (“MMH”) continues its aggressive campaign to partner with local developers in select venues and introduce MGM MIRAGE-branded hotels and resorts in many nations around the world. MMH projects in various stages of development are underway in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Vietnam, India and several additional locations in China. MMH’s business model allows us to extend the global presence and reputation of our world-famous brands by leveraging existing resources without committing significant capital. The first project is slated to open in China in the fourth quarter of 2011.
AND WHILE WE ARE EXPANDING OUR PURVIEW INTERNATIONALLY, WE ARE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE SYNERGY CREATED BY OUR BEST-IN-SECTOR PORTFOLIO OF PROPERTIES AND THE UNMATCHED EXPERTISE OF THE PROFESSIONALS WHO OPERATE THEM.
To address this, Corey Sanders was promoted to Chief Operating Officer of our Core Brand portfolio.

  CityCenter
is one
of the world’s largest environmentally responsible projects.
In addition to leveraging our brands and resorts, MGM MIRAGE has a database of more than 60 million customers.
Last August, Bill Hornbuckle was promoted to the newly created position of Chief Marketing Officer. In this role, he is leading our Company’s overall marketing efforts. One of his first initiatives includes the re-launch and re-branding of our Players Club into a unifying loyalty program that drives revenue, increases customer intimacy and maximizes shareholder value by leveraging our unique portfolio of assets. The newly expanded club will be a perfect blend of loyalty and reward, providing members with the industry’s simplest, most comprehensive and most appealing combination of gaming experiences, privileges, appreciation and engagement. Underlying the program is more refined technology that allows Players Club members to customize their engagement with the program, so they can define their own Las Vegas experience. Key to the new Players Club is a tiered system that rewards players with richer benefits and rewards the more they engage with our brands. Expect to hear much more about these efforts, about our new Players Club and other marketing success stories before the end of this year.
DESPITE INTENSE ECONOMIC PRESSURES THAT MIGHT CAUSE OTHERS TO COMPROMISE, I AM PROUD TO SAY THAT MGM MIRAGE REMAINED TRUE TO ITS PRINCIPLES AND MAINTAINED ITS POSITION
OF RESPONSIBILITY TO THE COMMUNITIES IN WHICH WE OPERATE.
Your Company’s philanthropic efforts last year continued to support many much-needed and deserving programs and agencies in our communities. Particularly salient in this economic atmosphere were contributions to agencies that provide a “safety net” for those experiencing difficult times, such as Three Square food bank, HELP of Southern Nevada and the Shade Tree Shelter for women and children. MGM MIRAGE also continued its leadership in support of public education. Last year, we sponsored seven Empowerment Schools, and we were recognized as an Outstanding Corporate Partner by the Clark County School District School-Community Partnership Program. We have maintained our commitment to The Smith Center, dedicated to bringing a premier performing arts center to Las Vegas. We are also helping to bring cutting-edge medical care and research to the greater Nevada community and beyond through our support of organizations like the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health and Nevada Cancer Institute, among others.
      
Aside from our Company’s philanthropy, the employees of MGM MIRAGE continued their financial support of our communities through the employee-funded Voice Foundation. Last year, in addition to countless hours of volunteer time, our employees invested more than $4.7 million in a wide variety of causes. In total, MGM MIRAGE employees have invested more than $30 million into their communities since the foundation was created in 2002. We are immensely proud of their efforts, and we applaud them for their service, passion and dedication. As our nationally recognized Diversity Initiative enjoys its tenth year, it was remarkable to see this effort continue to grow throughout the organization. We are, in every way, a better company for having integrated this value system into our daily lives. Our CityCenter team, led by Bobby Baldwin and Bill McBeath, delivered a masterpiece and an inspiration. As a companion to our award-winning supplier diversity program, CityCenter’s construction diversity push resulted in expenditure of more than $700 million with minority- and women-owned enterprises who contributed to this development across many disciplines. We believe this to be a historic level of participation by minority- and women-owned businesses in a major construction project in our nation. The opening of CityCenter in 2009 was the single most significant accomplishment in environmentally conscious development in history, and today is a global showcase of urban design and human sustainability. The project was awarded six LEED Gold Certifications by the U.S. Green Building Council and focuses on building energy efficiencies, including the introduction of the first highly efficient self-generation power plant on the Las Vegas Strip. S. Richard Fedrizzi, President, CEO and Founding Chairman of the U.S. Green Building Council, said, “CityCenter was developed with a sense of purpose and quality and will inspire those around the world. This is a transformative development.” These principles are not unique to CityCenter, but have been at work throughout your Company for years. We continue to create programs and processes to further sustainability and improve operational performance. Total electricity saved during the past year as a result of these combined efforts is equivalent to more than 11,000 average homes. Sustainability will continue to be a platform for organizational innovation from which we will drive shareholder value for years to come.
   
  THE
COURAGE
OF
CONVICTION
Many view MGM MIRAGE as simply a collection of great resorts, but we are more than that. Your Company is the embodiment of a set of powerful values: Leadership. Diversity. Sustainability. Responsibility. And most importantly... Courage. While this past year demanded courage from all of us, we remained true to our core, maintaining the
other important principles that define who we are as a Company. Many of us were working unimaginably long days untangling the economics of the recession, while others kept steel and glass rising into the sky. Above all, our employees learned to use creativity to work more effectively, to do more with less, and most importantly,
to send every guest home eager for their next visit.
WE NEVER GAVE UP AND NEVER GAVE IN.
We are by no means out of these woods, but a brighter horizon is in our sights. In 2009, we proved our resolve and our ability to utilize our tremendous assets to achieve results that most thought were unachievable. And as we have many times, we showed the character and courage of our convictions to face challenges head-on and turn them into victories. We feel that our courage is not yet depleted, that we can reach deeper still and achieve many
   more victories in 2010 and beyond.
Sincerely,
James J. Murren
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 