    proud
of our achievements
Dear Shareholders,
2013 was a great year for your Company. Just one year ago, I shared my belief that 2013 would represent a new era for MGM Resorts International, allowing us to transform from a Company that was recovering from a recession into one growing through an expanding economy. I am proud to say that through a tremendous amount of hard work by our team of talented people, that is exactly what happened.
In 2013, we achieved our best operating performance since the recession. MGM Resorts International delivered net revenue and adjusted property EBITDA growth of 7% and 18% respectively, driven by strong results in Las Vegas and Macau.

  We believe the domestic recovery is still only in its early stages and we are well positioned for continued success. Our wholly owned domestic resorts delivered net revenue of $6.1 billion and adjusted property EBITDA of $1.4 billion. We are proud of our market leading resorts in Michigan, Mississippi and Nevada and see opportunities for growth throughout our portfolio. CityCenter reported record results for 2013 as ARIA® solidified its position as a premier luxury resort and casino. Additionally, CityCenter completed a refinancing that results in approximately $80 million in annual interest savings.
M life, our loyalty program, fulfilled our goals for the year by increasing active members in our database, shifting customers from the leisure channel to direct bookings, and driving tens of thousands of room nights through our valuable partnerships. Targeted technology investments have allowed us to reach our customers more effectively and manage our business more profitably.
We saw the benefits from strategic capital enhancements made across our properties. Room remodels at MGM Grand® and Bellagio® completed in 2012 helped drive room rates and occupancy in 2013. We also benefitted from the opening of many new resort amenities including Hakkasan at the MGM Grand, a luxury restaurant, lounge and nightclub. At Mandalay Bay®, we opened Michael Jackson ONETM by Cirque du Soleil®, and in collaboration with The Light Group welcomed two new restaurants as well as LIGHT Nightclub and Dayclub.
We are continuing to invest where we see opportunity for growth in Las Vegas. The remodel and rebranding of THEhotel as DelanoTM Las Vegas with an all-suite boutique offering will bring the effortless style and unparalleled service of the original Delano South Beach to the energy and buzz of the Las Vegas Strip.
The new Strip frontage at New York-New York® and Monte Carlo® will be completed in 2014, creating inviting spaces where pedestrians can enjoy a multitude of new dining, bar and retail experiences. We are well underway with the design and development of a park and entertainment district between those two properties that will lead to an amazing 20,000-seat arena we are building with the renowned sports, entertainment and facilities organization, AEG. The arena is expected to break ground this spring and welcome its first event in 2016.
MGM China achieved record results in 2013 with net revenues up 18% and adjusted property EBITDA up 20% to $814 million. We have adopted strategies to protect and grow our earnings by focusing on customer experience, employee engagement and operating efficiency. We are also investing in technologies to enhance our analytical capability for operations and marketing in order to further enhance our overall efficiency.

             MGM Cotai
We broke ground on MGM Cotai in 2013 and remain on target to open in early 2016. Our plans call for up to 1,600 rooms, 500 gaming tables, and 2,500 slot machines. MGM Cotai will more than double our footprint in the world’s largest gaming market.
MGM National Harbor
In 2013, we won the sixth casino license in Maryland. MGM National Harbor, located along the banks of the Potomac River, is expected to begin construction later this year. This luxury resort plans to feature a casino with 3,600 slots and 160 table games, a 300-suite hotel with a beautiful spa and rooftop pool, high-end branded retail, fine and casual dining options, as well as entertainment and meeting space.

     expanding our
    MGM Springfield
In 2013, we were selected by the city of Springfield and received strong voter support through a successful local referendum. MGM Resorts International was found suitable for a license in the Western Zone of Massachusetts and we are excited about the opportunity for a downtown revitalization project in Springfield. We expect to receive a decision on the awarding of the license sometime later this year.
Japan
MGM Resorts International has spent years in Japan developing an understanding of the market and creating relationships with key players in the event it presents an opportunity for our business. Lawmakers in Japan are currently considering legislation to allow integrated resorts in the country.

           taking
in all we do
We are an organization guided by one vision, one mission and a unified purpose: to be the premier hospitality and entertainment resort company in the world. To achieve that purpose, we promote a culture of inclusion and innovation where our employees are empowered to maximize diverse perspectives and opinions for higher performance and results. Our leadership in corporate social responsibility is a critical anchor of our long-
term growth and competitiveness, and has earned us national acclaim far beyond the gaming and hospitality industry. We have been named a top employer for university undergraduate and MBA students by Universum, and we are proud to have received the Department of Defense’s Extraordinary Employer Support Award in recognition of our sustained support of members of the Guard and Reserve.
Our business is built on service, and our accomplishments are a result of the pride our dedicated employees put into everything they do. In addition to AAA, Forbes and World Travel awards for excellence, other honors include the Conde Nast Traveler World Savers Finalist Award, and Green Key ratings and TripAdvisor GreenLeadersTM awards for environmental conservation.
  
   This is an exciting time for MGM Resorts International shareholders. The Company is in a unique position to leverage its existing assets in Las Vegas, improve and grow its operations in Macau, as well as pursue major development opportunities in new markets. At MGM Resorts, we are proud of our accomplishments, expanding our pride in new resorts and taking pride in everything we do!
 Jim Murren
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
