 02
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
MGM MIRAGE DEFINES MOMENTUM
“Your company has undergone several defining moments throughout its history.”
From its roots some 35 years ago with the opening of the International Hotel, we have played a leading role in continuously redefining the Las
Vegas experience.
We announced two significant initiatives in 2004 that,
taken together, give your company unrivaled momentum to set industry standards for creativity, performance and responsibility for decades to come.
Defining Momentum for Las Vegas
Our merger agreement with Mandalay Resort Group and our plans to develop Project CityCenter on the Las Vegas Strip are among the most significant announcements in Las Vegas history. As this fabled city begins its second hundred years, MGM MIRAGE is positioned like no other company to take advantage of unsurpassed growth oppor- tunities in the most dynamic gaming and entertainment market in the world.
Project CityCenter will uniquely re-position Las Vegas like no other project before it. Far more than simply another casino-hotel, Project CityCenter encompasses a
myriad of elements that will propel Las Vegas into a new generation of urban sophistication.
While additional details of this extraordinary develop- ment will come in the months ahead, I am pleased to tell you that we have secured the services of the internationally acclaimed architect Cesar Pelli to design our anchor resort at the heart of Project CityCenter.
Cesar Pelli & Associates has worked with corporate, government and private clients to design major public spaces, museums, airports, research centers, performing arts centers, academic buildings, hotels, office and residential towers and mixed-use projects.
The work of Cesar Pelli is not constrained by a personal style or a signature that would limit his architecture; instead, it celebrates the unique characteristics of each project. Using this approach, he has designed several exceptional buildings in the United States and abroad.
We are very excited about our partnership with Mr. Pelli and his colleagues and believe they will deliver for MGM MIRAGE and the residents of Southern Nevada a building of iconic stature around the world.
 J. TERRENCE LANNI Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
 BELLAGIO SPA TOWER
The quintessential luxury hotel is now even more opulent. This expansion includes 928 rooms and suites, 80,000 square feet of convention space, retail outlets, and restaurants.
 SHIBUYA MGM GRAND Designed by superstar team Yabu Pushelberg, Shibuya features stellar sushi and the widest sake selection this side of the Pacific, all served in a sleek, airy ambiance.
 CRAVINGS THE MIRAGE
The zenith of all-you-can-eat. Designed by Adam Tihany, Cravings boasts 11 cooking stations, a street of unique restaurants,
and an array of temptations in what’s unquestionably the ultimate buffet dining experience.
     
  2004 $2.85 2003 $1.61
2002 $1.83
       FIX BELLAGIO Classic American fare using the freshest fish, meat, and poultry cooked to order on
a wood-burning grill. Costa Rican Padouk wood inspires a warm environment in a unique, vibrant design.
   Defining Momentum for Our Industry
The gaming industry in America is maturing, and international expansion, while exciting in select markets, remains challenging. As a result, your company has pursued a growth strategy that calls for maximizing the assets we currently own and seeking prudent development opportunities and strategic acquisitions.
Upon completion of our merger with Mandalay, MGM MIRAGE will be the world’s leading gaming and leisure company. The combination will result in a well- capitalized company uniquely situated to invest in its current portfolio in addition to creating new projects
in the United States and around the world.
We believe this is an outstanding transaction for the shareholders of both companies. With this acquisition, we will own,
operate and have investments
in 28 properties throughout Nevada, Mississippi, Illinois, Michigan, and New Jersey.
The combined company will have an asset portfolio which includes some of the most widely recognized brand names in the world. These properties cater to a broad customer base, ranging from value-oriented to the ultra-
high end. Each resort provides a unique customer experience through its specific personality and combination of amenities.
We also will have at Mandalay Bay the fifth largest convention center in the United States, providing the com- pany with a great resource to further develop the business travel and convention market.
But the bricks and mortar tell only part of the story of this transaction. At the heart of Mandalay is its people. Mandalay employees at all levels are energetic and talented and will be a tremendous asset to us. Together, we will become a family in excess of 70,000 people committed to delivering the best possible experiences for our guests. The transaction also will create unparalleled opportunities for our entire family of employees.
In short, this groundbreaking transaction creates unstoppable momentum for all stakeholders in the MGM MIRAGE family.
Defining Momentum in our Properties
In 2004, your company invested over $690 million of capital in the creation of new restaurants, clubs, shows and nightspots as well as the development of strategic enhance- ments to existing amenities. These investments generated exceptional returns in a time when competition for the entertainment dollar has never been higher.
  Mystère® byCirqueduSoleil®
 03
$0.00
$0.50 $1.00 $1.50 $2.00 $2.50 $3.00
EARNINGS PER SHARE

 04
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
EXPANDING WITH EXCELLENCE
BELLAGIO underwent a significant expansion during 2004 result- ing in the opening of the Spa Tower and several important new amenities at this AAA Five Diamond property. Bellagio remains Las Vegas’ first and only hotel-casino to receive this prestigious recognition. These new additions add dimension and depth to the world-famous experience awaiting guests at Bellagio.
MGM GRAND LAS VEGAS completed a transformation, begun in 2003, of its food and beverage and entertainment offerings. MGM Grand is one of the must-see attractions of
Las Vegas, with Cirque du Soleil’s newest pro-
duction, KA`TM, and several of the Strip’s finest restaurants and hottest nightspots.
TI’s transformation was no less extensive, as the property’s management team conceived and implemented a program to enliven the property with new restaurants and nightlife.
THE MIRAGE was the site of a revolution in
Las Vegas’ history as the venerable buffet was given new life as a top dining establishment, Cravings. Others may follow this lead, but The Mirage was the first property to breathe new life into what remained of the last bastion of “old” Las Vegas.
These investments in your company’s future paid dividends even before the year was out. We established a new record for net revenues posting $4.2 billion, a 10% increase over 2003.
Your company’s resorts produced record EBITDA of $1.46 billion, an increase of 23% over 2003, while operating income was $951 million, an increase of 36%, with record results at Bellagio, MGM Grand Las Vegas and Beau Rivage.
Defining Momentum in the Community
I’ve spent 27 years in this profession and the incredible generosity of our employees never
ceases to amaze me. Shortly after the merger with Mirage Resorts in 2000, we established
the Voice Foundation. This allows employees to express themselves in the communities we serve by
providing them a mechanism to raise monies for worthy causes. It’s their money and they decide
where it goes. Your company provides the marketing and administrative support.
In each year since we established the program, employees have given record amounts to support a
 2004 Revenue Mix
Casino
Rooms
Food & Beverage Entertainment, Retail, & Other
     KÀ The most spectacular production ever, by a troupe renowned for its pageantry. Cirque du Soleil’s KÀ debuted at a new theatre at MGM Grand in the fourth quarter of 2004.
 What exactly is a defining moment? Try a multi-billion dollar project centered in the heart of Las Vegas.
 SKYLOFTS MGM Grand
A private sanctuary of sleek, elegant two-story accommo- dations, offering discerning guests the quintessential loft environment - harmonizing design, décor, ambiance and unparalleled vistas.
 BELLAGIO SPA Unique design elements, combined with an international array of innovative treatments and specially trained therapists, provide the ultimate indul- gent experience.
 TEATRO MGM Grand A new genre of Las Vegas nightlife where European club influ- ences permeate. DJs spin jazz/ house throughout the evening, giving way to an energetic after-hours vibe with live cat- walk entertainment.
    18.0%
14.9%
47.6%
47.6%
19.5%
19.5%
14.9%
18.0%
 
wide array of community needs. From homeless shelters to after-school programs, MGM MIRAGE employees have generously donated more than $8 million since 2001.
Your company also sets aside a portion of its profits each year to be given to important programs intended to build stronger communities. Since 2001, your company has given more than $18 million to support such programs.
Defining Momentum in Our Family
Our momentum is driven from within by acknowledging the contributions of each and every one of our employees, business partners and customers. Our commitment to diversity is recognition of the fact that in today’s ever- changing marketplace, we must reflect that which we see
in the world around us.
This commitment should be seen as a common- sense business decision. That said, we are proud of the recognition our Diversity program has received, including accolades from prestigious media such as Fortune and DiversityInc. magazines.
Since formalizing our program only four years ago, we’ve made enormous strides. There is still progress to be made and your company has the momentum to remain at the forefront on diversity initiatives, provid- ing yet another advantage for sustaining performance in the long term.
Defining Momentum in the Future
Your company achieved many business goals in 2004 and set in motion plans for future growth. These initiatives will provide unmatched returns. We have also created unri- valed opportunities for our employees and will continue our rich history of strengthening the communities in which we do business.
As exciting as 2004 was, our momentum will carry us to even greater achievements in 2005 and beyond.
J. TERRENCE LANNI
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2005
    (from left to right) KENNETH ROSEVEAR President, MGM MIRAGE Development; JOHN T. REDMOND President & CEO, MGM Grand Resorts, LLC;
J. TERRENCE LANNI Chairman & CEO, MGM MIRAGE; ROBERT H. BALDWIN President & CEO, Mirage Resorts, Incorporated & President, Project CityCenter; GARY N. JACOBS Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary, MGM MIRAGE; JAMES J. MURREN President, CFO & Treasurer, MGM MIRAGE
 SENSI BELLAGIO An eclectic menu features diverse cuisines in an earthy arena replete with waterfalls and chrome. A bold wine list complements Chef Martin Heierling’s sumptuous work.
  JEAN-PHILIPPE PATISSERIE
BELLAGIO A mesmerizing fountain of cascading liquid chocolate showcases a splen- did selection of chocolates, cakes, crêpes, salads and sandwiches.
  ISLA TI Designed by Jeffrey Beers, Isla bright- ens all the senses. Chef Richard Sandoval gives an innovative and modern interpretation of traditional Mexican cuisine.
  05
