                                        2 Our Stockholders
• J. Terrence Lanni [Chairman and Chief Executive Officer]
  2000 WAS A MOMENTOUS YEAR FOR YOUR COMPANY
While we all learn early in our education that 1 plus 1 equals 2, this simple fact doesn’t stop any of us as businesspeople or investors from searching out the illusive opportunity to better the equation.
With apologies to Miss Porter, my second grade teacher, I can honestly say that I can now prove that 1 plus 1 can equal far more than 2.
The MGM Grand, Inc. acquisition of Mirage Resorts, Incorporated was nothing short of momentous.
Early in 2000, your management team was discussing its growth strategy in the coming years. When considering possible acquisitions, we consistently centered on Mirage Resorts. We knew that combining MGM Grand and Mirage Resorts would create the undisputed leader in the gaming industry.
Without the strength and dedication of MGM Grand, Inc.’s employ- ees, we could not have achieved the outstanding operating per- formance which enabled us to acquire Mirage Resorts, a larger company than MGM Grand.
We found many compelling reasons to acquire Mirage Resorts. The company had some of the best properties in the business. They were almost all brand new or expertly renovated, beautifully main- tained and featured extraordinary amenities.
Mirage Resorts’ properties also enjoyed worldwide brand recognition with a reputation for overall excellence and remarkable attention to detail.
 “FOR THE YEAR, EARNINGS PER SHARE ROSE 51% AND EARNINGS PER SHARE EXCLUDING NON- RECURRING ITEMS, INCREASED 44%.”
  M35
    
                                          5Bellagio [Las Vegas] • MGM Grand [Las Vegas] 5 The Mirage [Las Vegas]
  Finally, and of greatest significance, the people of Mirage Resorts were the secret asset that made experiences come to life for guests from around the world.
The combined assets of MGM Grand and Mirage Resorts would result in an unmatched portfolio of properties. To manage these assets we have pulled together an equally unrivaled team of professionals. Gary Jacobs joined your company as Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Bobby Baldwin was made CEO of the Mirage Resorts properties and John Redmond took control of the MGM Grand properties.
Our challenge was to leverage these resorts to achieve the type of returns that would drive shareholder value. The results, even after only a few months, show that our strategy was correct.
For the year, your company’s net revenue soared 132% to $3.2 billion.
EBITDA grew to $996 million from $422 million, an impressive 136% increase.
For the year, earnings per share rose 51% and earnings per share excluding non-recurring items, increased 44%.
This financial performance was the result of a tremendous effort on the part of the 45,000 men and women in MGM MIRAGE who come to work each day and create wonderful memories for our guests.
The merger of two companies this size brings with it understandable anxiety and concerns about the future. Our employees pulled together and, in what may be the most remarkable aspect of the
entire experience, have blended the cultures and personalities of two of the most recognized leaders in the gaming and entertainment industry into one.
With leadership comes responsibility, and at MGM MIRAGE we take our responsibilities very seriously. During the year, we initiated a company-wide diversity initiative that we believe to be historic. It represents the first such effort in our industry and covers all aspects of our business including employment, purchasing and contracting. We are fully committed to making opportunities available to people of all races, ethnicities and backgrounds.
The leadership role in any industry can certainly be determined by size alone. To be recognized for your company’s character is far more satisfying. Just as we were preparing this report, Fortune Magazine announced that MGM MIRAGE had been selected as the “Most Admired Company” in the gaming industry in a survey of our
 5M4
 “WITH LEADERSHIP COMES RESPONSIBILITY, AND AT MGM MIRAGE WE TAKE OUR RESPONSIBILITIES VERY SERIOUSLY.”
      555

                                          •MGMMIRAGEManagementCommittee(L-R)GaryN.Jacobs,J.TerrenceLanni,DanielM.Wade,JohnT.Redmond,JamesJ.MurrenandRobertH.Baldwin 5New York-New York [Las Vegas]
   peers. It is a fitting tribute to the efforts of every one of our employees that they would receive such recognition.
As we look ahead, the future has never seemed more exciting.
We are positioned to take full advantage of our wonderful collection of branded properties and deliver to our guests entertainment and travel experiences second to none. We are underway with a joint- venture project in Atlantic City, and have announced a second resort project to be wholly owned, that will establish Atlantic City as a center for tourism and entertainment on the East Coast.
In Las Vegas, we own the most strategically important piece of undeveloped land in the marketplace. Our 55 acres sit geographically at the center of our major holdings creating an unparalleled opportunity for future growth.
I’m not yet certain which mathematical principles we’ll challenge in 2001, but I know that we’re on the way to providing monumental opportunities for our employees, our business partners and our shareholders.
5J. Terrence Lanni [Chairman and Chief Executive Officer] MGM MIRAGE, 3/10/2001
   MGM MIRAGE DIVERSITY INITIATIVE STATEMENT:
At MGM MIRAGE, we are committed to the economic empowerment of all people including our shareholders, employees and business partners. As such, we embrace our corporate responsibility to provide opportunities in purchasing, contracting and employment to ethnic minorities and women. We believe this commitment strengthens our company and the communities in which we do business.
 M55
   