O P E R AT I O N A L M O M E N T U M
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
2014 was a momentous year for MGM Resorts International. With the foundation of improving financial performance and extensive preparation by our talented team, your Company successfully launched many thoughtfully developed projects in 2014. I am incredibly proud of the considerable momentum we have gained in just one year, and I believe we are more focused than ever to maintain this energy in 2015 and beyond.

In 2014, your Company grew Net Revenue and Adjusted Property EBITDA by 3% and 5%, respectively, driven by strong results both domestically and in Macau. Our wholly owned domestic resorts achieved their best operating performance in six years. In addition, CityCenter's Adjusted EBITDA from resort operations was a record this year, as we continue to operate with increased success at our newest Las Vegas Strip resort. LAS VEGAS Our largest market, Las Vegas, continues to show signs of growth, with record visitation of 41.1 million in 2014, driven by incremental air capacity and international travel. MGM's Las Vegas Strip convention business in 2014 was a record 17% of occupied room nights. Given our presence in Las Vegas with more than 40,000 hotel rooms, we have significant operating leverage that, we believe, will be further enhanced by the ongoing increase in visitation. We will continue to drive this growth through our legacy and leadership in entertainment... including sports, concerts and performances.

U.S. REGIONAL Our resorts in Detroit and Mississippi continue to lead their markets. They also provide our regional customers with an entrée into the astonishing experiences offered by their sister resorts in Las Vegas, creating natural crossmarketing opportunities. MGM CHINA MGM China, despite a challenging macroeconomic environment, had a record Adjusted EBITDA year due to management's ability to successfully operate in a dynamic market and focus on higher margin main floor business. Our sophisticated data analytics, ability to maximize table yields and continuously enhance the customer experience have allowed MGM China to outperform the broader market, and we remain optimistic about our future growth opportunities.

CONSOLIDATED NET REVENUE
5%
$9.8 $9.2
CAGR

CONSOLIDATED ADJUSTED EBITDA
$2.1

13%
$2.2

CAGR

WHOLLY OWNED LAS VEGAS STRIP REVPAR GROWTH

$10.1

8%
$1.7 2% 2%

2012

2013

2014

2012

2013

2014

2012

2013

2014

($ IN BILLIONS)

M life
Our award-winning loyalty program continues to drive market share gains. We have increased member engagement through our advanced analytics capabilities and strategic alliances with companies including Hyatt and Southwest Airlines. Additionally, the top-rated myVEGAS social game continues to drive awareness for our brands and visitation to our resorts. We are also working to position the M life program to support our future resorts in Cotai, Maryland and Massachusetts.

THE PARK

DEVELOPING MOMENTUM
We continue to invest in our Las Vegas Strip resorts, the largest contributor
MANDALAY BAY

to our profitability.

In the summer of 2014, we completed the revamping of the New YorkNew York and Monte Carlo Strip frontage with new food and beverage and retail offerings, including Shake Shack, HERSHEY'S CHOCOLATE WORLD® Retail Experience, Tom's Urban and Yusho. In September 2014, we completed the rebranding and remodel of THEhotel into a Delano hotel within Mandalay Bay. The widely recognized Delano brand is already proving to be a successful addition to the Las Vegas Strip. To better serve convention demand, we have begun expanding the Mandalay Bay Convention Center to over two million square feet, the first phase of which is expected to be completed in August 2015 and the total project completed in early 2016. As the premier entertainment company in Las Vegas, your Company has embarked on numerous projects which we expect will not only increase our market share, but will ultimately drive citywide growth as well.

LAS VEGAS ARENA

In May 2014, MGM Resorts and AEG broke ground on the 20,000-seat Las Vegas Arena, which we believe will elevate the sports and entertainment offerings in Las Vegas. It is expected to be completed in the first half of 2016.
MGM RESORTS VILLAGE

MGM Resorts also began construction on a park and entertainment district leading up to the Arena and encompassing New York-New York and Monte Carlo. The high-energy retail, dining and entertainment district, designed in an integrated urban park setting, will be the first of its kind on The Strip and is expected to open with the Arena in 2016. In 2014, MGM Resorts announced a collaboration with Rock in Rio to bring the world's largest music festival to Las Vegas in 2015, 2017 and 2019. The first Rock in Rio event ever in the U.S. will be held over two weekends in May 2015. MGM Resorts is developing a 37-acre lot north of Circus Circus Las Vegas to serve as home for this and other future events. We also converted a previously vacant 15-acre lot across from Mandalay Bay and Luxor into MGM Resorts Village, a festival venue that has already hosted successful events.

NATIONAL HARBOR, MD

Your Company also made significant progress in building out our presence in the Northeast corridor of the United States:
NATIONAL HARBOR, MD
SPRINGFIELD, MA

In June 2014, we began construction on MGM National Harbor and are targeting a second half of 2016 opening. Featuring a 300-room hotel with a luxury spa and rooftop pool, approximately 3,600 slots and 160 table games, retail, dining, entertainment and meeting space, we expect MGM National Harbor to be one of the most successful U.S. resorts outside of Las Vegas. SPRINGFIELD, MA With the support of the Springfield community and the Massachusetts Gaming Commission, we officially accepted the Western Massachusetts casino license in November 2014. In March 2015, we broke ground and are working toward a second half of 2017 opening. The resort will include approximately 3,000 slots and

ATLANTIC CITY, NJ

100 table games, a 250-room hotel, as well as retail, restaurants and meeting space that we believe will be a catalyst in revitalizing downtown Springfield. ATLANTIC CITY, NJ In September 2014, our casino license was reinstated in the state of New Jersey, which allowed MGM Resorts to again become an active participant in the New Jersey gaming market through our 50% ownership of Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa.

COTAI, MACAU, S.A.R.

MGM COTAI, MACAU, S.A.R. The construction of our second Macau property, MGM Cotai, continues to progress toward a targeted opening in the fall of 2016. This will be an integrated resort with approximately 1,500 hotel rooms, 500 gaming tables and 1,500 slots. With a world-class showroom and unique retail and entertainment experiences, MGM Cotai will truly highlight our industry-leading resort expertise.

MGM GRAND SANYA

H O S P I TA L I T Y M O M E N T U M
Global hospitality development continues to be one of our top priorities, and we remain committed to diligently exploring opportunities worldwide. Diaoyutai MGM, our hospitality affiliate in China, continues to make great progress. We had our best year ever at MGM Grand Sanya, opened the Diaoyutai Boutique Chengdu, topped off the Bellagio Shanghai and signed an agreement to build a Bellagio in Beijing. In 2014, we also created MGM Hakkasan with the Hakkasan Group, forming a hotel management company focused on providing non-gaming hotel resorts and residential offerings in key international cities around the world.
DIAOYUTAI BOUTIQUE CHENGDU

BELLAGIO BY MGM SHANGHAI

C O R P O R AT E S O C I A L RESPONSIBILITY MOMENTUM
At MGM Resorts International, corporate social responsibility is a cornerstone of our values, culture and operations. It fosters a competitive business advantage and enhances long-term shareholder value. Our diligent pursuit of inclusion as the catalyst for innovative excellence and employee engagement, our community investment and our environmental stewardship have not only benefited our business immeasurably, but have also earned our Company consistent accolades. Some key recognitions we received in 2014 include: · · · · · No. 1 on DiversityInc's List of Top 10 Regional Companies for Diversity Best Company for Diversity (Hispanic Business) Best Place to Work for LGBT Equality (The Human Rights Campaign) Responsible Business of the Year (Global Gaming Awards) One of America's Top Corporations for Women's Business Enterprises (WBENC: Women's Business Enterprise National Council) Our advances in environmental sustainability practices received many honors, such as: · · · Galaxy Star Award (Alliance to Save Energy) Food Recovery Challenge Award (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency) Green Key ratings and TripAdvisor GreenLeadersTM awards

Our business is built on service, and our accomplishments are a result of the pride our dedicated employees invest in everything they do, as illustrated by the numerous awards we have received, including AAA, Forbes and World Travel awards for excellence.

Armed with best-in-class teams executing on the MGM vision, your Company has built strong momentum in 2014, and I am thrilled with the progress we are already making in 2015. I believe we are taking MGM Resorts International to the next level, and I cannot be more excited about our future.

Jim Murren Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

