     To Our Shareholders
We have always operated our company based upon a few simple beliefs: create resorts of memorable character, treat our employees well and provide superior service for our guests.
At the height of this competition billions of dollars were invested. Our company, as well as our competitors, created exciting new resorts and opened new markets. As the stakes were raised and re-raised, our formula continued to prove true, and we were able to create enduring investments for our shareholders by producing industry-leading results.
In my role as Chairman of your company, it is my responsibility in this report to share with you the highlights of our business. This year, these highlights pale in comparison to the display of united purpose by your companyÕs employees to keep our business healthy and make our guests feel welcome.
                                             ÒWe have always operated our company based upon a few simple beliefs.Ó > > >
            > J. Terrence Lanni > Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                  In turn, we have enjoyed customer loyalty unmatched in our industry, which has translated into enhanced profitability and confidence in the eyes of our shareholders and lending institutions.
These relationships Ð with guests, employees and Wall Street Ð allow your company to seek out new opportunities, support them with an appropriate level of investment and strive to raise the bar and create new levels of service and excitement.
These beliefs have proven true in a time of intense competition and unprecedented growth. IÕve often heard the expression "tried and true," but IÕm not sure I came to a full appreciation of its significance until this year.
No one could have imagined what happened on September 11. At a time of unprecedented slowdowns in business, your company rebounded faster and stronger than virtually every other company in our industry. This was a direct result of our ability to react in times of uncertainty.
September 11 marked a moment in history when we learned anew of the importance of leadership and teamwork and the meaning of heroism. We learned that heroism can come from the simple act of doing your job well under extraordinary circumstances. We learned that leaders come from every walk of life, ethnicity, gender and race. And we learned that teamwork is far more than a mechanism for getting a job done. It is an inspirational vehicle for carrying people through difficult and challenging times.

I believe that what turned out to be the most remarkable part of 2001 was not as much the performance of your company, but the incredible strength and resolve of our employees in facing these unprecedented challenges. I have been in the gaming and entertainment business for almost 25 years and I have never been more proud of my association with any company or group of people.
Pearl > MGM Grand
> We reduced your companyÕs debt by $422 million, bringing the total debt reduction to $949 million since the creation of MGM MIRAGE;
Siegfried and Roy > The Mirage
    Mystre > Treasure Island
Last year, your management committee had the unique privilege of witnessing the men and women of MGM MIRAGE unite in the common objective of maintaining the highest standards of professionalism and leading us through this most difficult period.
It is a testament to their efforts that we can report the following commendable results from 2001:
> Revenues for your company grew in 2001 to $4.01 billion, up 29% from 2000 and EBITDA increased 14% to $1.13 billion. These increases largely reflect the first full year impact of the combination of MGM Grand, Inc. and Mirage Resorts on May 31, 2000;
NOBHILL > MGM Grand
> Bellagio became the first Las Vegas casino-hotel and the largest hotel ever awarded the prestigious AAA Five Diamond Award. This honor is bestowed on only those hotels that exemplify unsurpassed excellence and superior customer service. Bellagio is one of only 70 such hotels in North America to receive
this honor;
> Picasso at Bellagio and Renoir at The Mirage each received the AAA Five Diamond Award and the coveted Mobil Five-Star Award for 2002 making them two of ten restaurants in the nation to have been so honored;
Coyote Ugly > New York-New York
            13

> Our superstar entertainment and attractions continued to lead the way industry-wide in terms of attendance and revenues. During 2001, we signed
a historic, lifetime contract with "Magicians of the Century" Siegfried & Roy. We also expanded our support of Siegfried & RoyÕs conservation and education efforts with the re-dedication of the Siegfried & Roy Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat.
Danny Gans > The Mirage
> New YorkÐNew York saw the opening of the nationÕs seventh ESPN Zone, a sports dining and entertainment complex, and the premiere of the bar and dance saloon, Coyote Ugly, named after the popular movie;
> The Golden Nugget unveiled newly renovated guest rooms in this historic hotelÕs North Tower, redecorated its 29,000 square feet of meeting space and opened a new Starbucks;
ÒOÓ > Bellagio
                                                           Nectar > Bellagio
> MGM MIRAGE was awarded an Internet Gaming license from the Isle of Man, a British protectorate. While we will move forward with great care, we believe this new dimension of the development of the gaming industry holds great promise;
> Our properties introduced several new exciting features:
> The Mirage commenced a $32 million luxurious room redesign on 2,767 guest rooms and debuted the 90,000-square-foot Mirage Events Center, already a substantial success among convention and meeting planners;
EFX Starring Rick Springfield > MGM Grand
  > Treasure Island opened Kahunaville, a new South Seas-themed restaurant and bar that features award-winning bartenders;
> At the MGM Grand, we saw the debut of "La Femme," an artistic triumph that brings ParisÕ treasured Crazy Horse production to America for the first time for a permanent engagement. Two magnificent restaurants were developed -- NOBHILL, a collaboration with San FranciscoÕs acclaimed chef Michael Mina -- and Pearl, a modern Chinese restaurant with Western flair designed by the internationally-renowned Tony Chi;
> At Bellagio, we opened Nectar, a restaurant and bar along with Light, a sophisticated and trendy new nightclub and lounge that attracts an elegant and exciting late-night crowd;
         La Femme > MGM Grand
          14

         > Primm Valley Resorts at the California-Nevada state line opened the Primm Center offering a one-stop, 24-hour-a-day reservation kiosk for travelers en route to Las Vegas allowing them to book real-time accommodations, enter- tainment and restaurants at all Las Vegas-based MGM MIRAGE resorts.
> We made significant progress in the design and implementation of our Diversity Initiative. We have developed a top-to-bottom organizational structure to support our diversity efforts. We have developed an extensive strategic plan with specific programs and objectives for each department within our company, and we have
> And, in Atlantic City, construction of the Borgata, our 50 percent joint venture with the Boyd Gaming Corporation, continues to be on budget and on time for its scheduled opening next year. We are confident that Borgata will bring new energy and excitement to Atlantic City setting the stage for a tourism renaissance.
While we look ahead in 2002, weÕve gained important insights from 2001.
WeÕve been reminded of the value of our business model based upon simple beliefs.
Alexis Herman > Director
Ò We are delighted to announce Alexis Herman, the former United States Secretary of Labor, to our Board of Directors. She brings great strength, commitment and her proven experience to our company. Ms. Herman served as the 23rd United States Secretary of Labor in the Clinton Administration beginning in 1997. Prior to that, she served for four years as Assistant to the President and Director of the White House Public Liaison Office. Ms. Herman was also the Chief Executive Officer of the 1992 Democratic National Convention Committee. We are honored to welcome Alexis Herman to the MGM MIRAGE Board of Directors."
                                                                                      ESPN Zone > New York-New York
developed a reliable tracking system to provide meaningful data on these efforts. Our resolve as a company has only strengthened and our focus sharpened by all that we have learned during the past year;
> We have expanded our Board of Directors to include former Secretary of Labor Alexis Herman. Ms. Herman brings great strength, commitment and proven experience to our company;
> We continued the development of our player affinity program, Players Club, that provides a new level of customer service and benefits. Players Club will debut in April 2002;
WeÕve been amazed to see the impact of realizing that, in trying times like these, our people and our operating principles have proven "tried and true."
We believe that as a team we will lead the way into a new year of continued growth and prosperity for your company.
Sincerely,
J. Terrence Lanni > Chairman and Chief Executive Officer > MGM MIRAGE > 3/11/2002
   15
