                PUTTING THE WHEELS IN MOTION
$1.50 $1.21
        What if? These two simple words convey the spirit of creativity and innovation that runs throughout your company.
As we seek to implement our growth strategy in an ever more competitive environment, we are constantly asking ourselves, “What if?” It spurs us to consider solutions and alternative approaches that lead to innovation and success.
What if... we merge with one of our largest competitors and, by doing so, grow stronger together? We can, if we welcome our new colleagues into a secure and stable working environment that is simultaneously comforting and invigorating.
What if... we create a new era in development for Las Vegas, and change the way we think about this city forever? We can, if we assemble a team of the greatest architects and urban planners
in the world.
J. Terrence Lanni
Chairman and CEO • MGM MIRAGE
What if... we pick up the pieces of
a broken community and rebuild our business and, in doing so, enrich many lives along the Gulf coast? We can, if we respond quickly and set our sights on an even greater Beau Rivage for the future.
What if... we create a culture within MGM MIRAGE that reflects the changing demographic of the marketplace in an ever-changing world? We can, if we define our company’s culture not in terms of outdated political policies about people,
but based on a leading edge vision to create a value-based corporate community that recognizes and values the contributions of all people.
All of these things and more have been happening within your company. As a result of our employees’ creativity, hard work and dedication, 2005 was a record- breaking year in every sense. In addition, we are perfectly positioned for sustained growth throughout the coming years.
As we considered the merger
with Mandalay Resort Group, we saw a company that matched ours in many ways. By combining, we would be able to offer the widest possible array of choices for our customers and position ourselves to better take advantage of the boundless oppor- tunities for resort development on the Las Vegas Strip and elsewhere. To do so, we had to be certain that our new colleagues from Mandalay were made to feel welcome and secure in their positions within MGM MIRAGE. The success of the merger
$0.76
‘03 ‘04
‘05
$3,863
‘03
NET RE
             EARNINGS PER SHARE From Continuing Operations
can be measured in many ways— tremendous revenue growth and industry- leading profit margins, for example. But my personal favorite is the fact that employee turnover in the legacy Mandalay properties has reached an all-time low. It became obvious to us that as individuals, our new employees recognized the same opportunity we saw as a company.
We also saw far beyond the immediate positive impact of these newly acquired resorts; we saw an enormous potential
for future development on the vast combined real estate holdings of a merged company—Mandalay’s real estate was vastly undervalued considering recent real estate pricing trends along the Las Vegas Strip and the fact that we would now own most of the prime remaining development parcels on the Las Vegas Strip. On this land, in the years to come, your company will continue to build exciting new projects that will further enhance both the Las Vegas experience and shareholder value.
  
$0.00
$0.40 $0.20
$0.80 $0.60
$1.20 $1.00
$1.60 $1.40
$4,000 $3,500
$5,000 $4,500
$6,000 $5,500
$7,000 $6,500
Opposite Page
MGM MIRAGE
annual report 2005
Bellagio

   
   “We continually reinvest in our resorts, maintaining their world-class status.”
    
   Opposite Page
From left to right
L’Atelier at MGM Grand
JET Nightclub at The Mirage Skylofts at MGM Grand
KÁ • Cirque Du Soleil
Sensi at Bellagio
Joël Robuchon at The Mansion
at MGM Grand
The opening of future projects will
be made all the easier as a result of the tremendous community of MGM MIRAGE employees. Our pre-eminent family of industry professionals positions us for growth as we have the most experienced workforce from which to develop new teams of property staff.
As we considered options for our prime parcel of 66 acres at the heart of the Las Vegas Strip between Monte Carlo and Bellagio, we quickly realized that the development formula of the past fifteen
Your company has assembled a team of world-class architects never before imagined for one project: Cesar Pelli, Kohn Pederson Fox, Lord Norman Foster, Rafael Viñoly, Helmut Jahn, David Rockwell and Daniel Libeskind. Few cities can claim to benefit from their individual contributions, let alone a single project on which they all collaborate. The best builders, contractors and interior designers will also be on board. Of course, we also
have an industry-leading management team assembled for Project CityCenter to ensure
Our confidence in the Las Vegas real estate market was proven correct by the exceptional sales performance of The Signature at MGM Grand. The first tower will soon open to the public, and almost all of the 1,600 units at The Signature sold out faster and at higher prices than we had originally forecast. Even as I write this, only a handful of units remain available for sale, at prices in excess of $1,000 per square foot.
As we were preparing to announce an exciting new future for Las Vegas, we were
 “AS WE SEEK TO IMPLEMENT OUR GROWTH STRATEGY, WE ARE CONSTANTLY ASKING OURSELVES,“WHAT IF?”
years, successful as it has been, must be re-engineered in order for Las Vegas to reach beyond its current paradigm. We envision the Las Vegas Strip as an even greater resort destination and, more importantly,
an integral part of the next-generation Las Vegas, a true metropolitan community with its own identity and character. Based on this concept, we formulated the plans for a new urban metropolis—Project CityCenter.
There are many superlatives that can
be used when describing Project CityCenter. While it will be the largest single privately funded development in the history of the United States, that doesn’t tell the story of Project CityCenter’s potential impact on
Las Vegas. Project CityCenter will redefine the Las Vegas experience for years to come, with stunning, iconic architecture as the visual attraction, and a full slate of residences, luxury hotels, casino, restaurants, retail shops and entertainment amenities to fulfill every need and desire of our residents and guests.
Ken Rosevear President, MGM MIRAGE Development; John T. Redmond President & CEO, MGM
Grand Resorts, LLC; J. Terrence Lanni Chairman & CEO, MGM MIRAGE; Robert H. Baldwin President
& CEO, Mirage Resorts, Inc., & President, Project CityCenter; Gary N. Jacobs Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary, MGM MIRAGE; James J. Murren President, CFO & Treasurer, MGM MIRAGE
that operating results are as spectacular as the buildings themselves. Where necessary, we have hired top talent from outside
the industry, specialists in real estate and residential development, and engaged outside experts to ensure we maximize
the potential of this once-in-a-lifetime development opportunity. We are readying for a May groundbreaking and anticipate opening in late 2009. There is much to be done between now and then, but the process itself is remarkable; one which your company’s management and employees are proud to be a part.
stunned by the developments of Hurricane Katrina last August. Even before the water had receded to the Gulf, we were underway with planning the relief and rebuilding efforts. Teams of people from Las Vegas were dispatched to set up an emergency command center, and Beau Rivage employ- ees were the first to receive paychecks, gain access to Red Cross support and Internet access to the Federal Government.
We were also the first company to initiate clean-up and rebuilding efforts and, as a result, we intend to re-open a new and even better Beau Rivage on the first anniversary of Katrina, in August of this year.
  From left to right

     Your company is growing in Michigan, where our new $765 million casino hotel complex is under construction. This 400- room, 100,000-square-foot casino will be open sometime late next year or in early 2008.
The MGM Grand Detroit casino has performed magnificently since its opening in 1999, and we have even higher expectations of our new multi-faceted MGM Grand Detroit casino hotel.
In Macau, the stunning MGM Grand Macau is rising from the ground soon to reach 34 stories and frame a new icon in
this emerging center of tourism in China. Along with our partner, Pansy Ho Chiu-king, we anticipate opening this resort in late
2007. Our plan for continued growth is secured by your company’s substantial
real estate holdings in Las Vegas and in key markets in the U.S. and abroad.
We are the largest gaming industry landowners in Las Vegas with current real estate assets in excess of 800 acres. Of this, over 300 acres are either undeveloped or underdeveloped. Long after Project CityCenter has become the new standard for the Las Vegas experience in the 21st Century, we will have numerous growth opportunities to ex- pand and improve your company’s holdings.
We are also the largest gaming industry landowners in Atlantic City with over 75 developable acres adjacent to Borgata, our extraordinarily successful partnership with Boyd Gaming. We envision for Atlantic City a project of similar impact to that of Project CityCenter in Las Vegas.
We eagerly await the decision of the government of Singapore to find out
if we will have the opportunity to enter a second market in the rapidly
developing Asian market- place. We’ve enlisted
the talents of top
Borgata
architects and relied on our experience
in operating some of the world’s top resort properties to create and submit a thorough proposal for an iconic resort, worthy of
the unique Marina Bay location. Should the Singapore government choose the MGM MIRAGE proposal, we stand ready
to assist them in achieving their goal of increasing tourism.
Much of our continuing story of success is attributable to the extraordinary men and women who make up our family of almost 70,000 employees. In making them feel at home and secure in their work, we also have made great strides in emphasizing the need for diversity in all that we do. As our nation’s ethnicity changes, so too must we reflect
the vast and varied backgrounds of our guests. As I’ve noted on many occasions,
at MGM MIRAGE diversity is not defined
in terms of EEOC reports, but rather in a philosophy and attitude that we incorporate into our daily business plan.
In addition to the wonderful success of your company financially this past
year, we have taken great care to remain involved and responsive to the needs of the communities in which we are privileged to do business. Along with donations from our family of employees, MGM MIRAGE made contributions to worthy charities
in excess of $7 million in 2005. We are mindful of the need to give back to the communities in which we live and work
in order to strengthen them for our families and future generations.
In all, 2005 was a landmark year for MGM MIRAGE. Now we find ourselves asking how to top this and make 2006 even better.
Your management and employees are still asking “what if”—more now than ever. We are energized by the possibilities before us: new co-workers, new development sites, new profit opportunities, new cities rising from the ground. We are feeding off the momentum of 2005 to propel us forward, and I have no doubt that we will report many new and exciting ideas throughout 2006.
In closing, the MGM MIRAGE Board of Directors sadly mourned the passing of two of its members during 2005 – George Mason and Walter M. Sharp.
Mr. Mason, a Bear, Stearns and Co. executive and longtime member of the MGM MIRAGE Board of Directors, passed away October 5, 2005. He previously served as a member of the Board of Directors for Mirage Resorts from 1973 to 2000, and was a member of the Board of Directors of MGM MIRAGE from 2000 until his passing. With his remarkable business instincts, George made valuable contributions to our Board of Directors.
Walter M. Sharp, an icon of the California banking industry and longtime member of the MGM MIRAGE Board of Directors, passed away December 22, 2005. He served on the MGM MIRAGE Board of Directors and previously on the MGM Grand, Inc. Board of Directors from 1986 until 2002, when he was named to the honorary position of Director Emeritus of the Board.
Although our friends are no longer with us, their contributions will endure well into our company’s future.
Sincerely,
J. Terrence Lanni
Chairman and CEO • MGM MIRAGE
        
Centrifuge • MGM Grand Shadow Creek • Golf Course The Mansion • MGM Grand Fontana Bar • Bellagio
Opposite Page
MGM MIRAGE
annual report 2005
MGM Grand
