THE PARK & T-MOBILE ARENA
     DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
2015 was a rewarding year for your Company. We accomplished important financial and operational milestones and announced key strategic initiatives that we believe will collectively pave the way for a stronger Company, setting the stage for an exhilarating 2016.
Last year, MGM Resorts reported consolidated Net Revenue of $9.2 billion and Adjusted Property EBITDA of $2.5 billion. Our wholly owned domestic resorts achieved its best Net Revenue and Adjusted Property EBITDA in seven years, driven by continued strength in Las Vegas as well as our key regional markets. CityCenter continues to impress, recording its best ever resort operations Net Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA
of $1.2 billion and $348 million, respectively. MGM China earned Net Revenue of $2.2 billion and Adjusted Property EBITDA of $540 million.
In 2015, your Company continued its deleveraging efforts with the successful conversion
of $1.45 billion convertible notes and the payment of $875 million 6.625% senior notes. CityCenter paid its first ever special dividend of $400 million in April, of which your Company received its 50% share while also announcing the adoption of an annual dividend policy. In July, your Company launched a $300 million Profit Growth Plan. We believe this plan is transformational, aimed to encourage our Company to take a dedicated approach to permanently enhancing our business with a focus on both revenue generation and
cost efficiencies. We are already seeing initial success in the plan, not only in our financial performance, but also in the reinvigorated, collaborative mindset of the MGM Resorts family. Internally, our commitment to a “One Company, One Culture” environment is driving increasing engagement, transparency, diversity and inclusion. In October, your Company announced the creation of MGM Growth Properties LLC (“MGP”). Upon its formation, we expect that MGP will be one of the leading publically traded real estate investment trusts (“REIT”), controlled by MGM Resorts, and engaged in the acquisition, ownership and leasing of large-scale destination entertainment and leisure resorts.
Collectively, these meaningful accomplishments reinforce management’s commitment to deliberate financial improvement and position your Company for long-term sustainable growth.
    
  LAS VEGAS
2015 visitation to Las Vegas set a record at 42.3 million visitors supported by another strong year of convention business with year-over-year city-wide convention attendance up 13.4%. With more than 40,000 hotel rooms and over 3 million- square-feet of premium convention and meeting space, MGM Resorts is the market leader. In 2016, we completed
the expansion of the 2.1 million square-foot Mandalay Bay Convention Center, and reaffirmed our position as the #1 entertainment provider by selling close to six million tickets to live performances.
In every way, MGM Resorts is the primary contributor to, and beneficiary of, the city’s success.
In 2015, MGM Resorts’ wholly owned Las Vegas Strip Adjusted Property EBITDA increased 11% year-over-year, driven by an increase in wholly owned RevPAR of 7% year-over-year and margin expansion of approximately 180 basis points to 26.1%.
WE CONTINUE TO INVEST IN OUR PREMIER ASSETS TO ENRICH AND DELIVER UNPARALLELED GUEST EXPERIENCES AND WE HAVE EXCITING PROJECTS OPENING IN 2016.
Serving as Las Vegas’ newest landmark, the LEED Gold-certified, 20,000 seat T-Mobile Arena dazzled audiences at its grand opening on April 6, 2016. The arena brings versatility to the entertainment capital of the world and is expected to host more than 100 world-class events annually ranging from sporting events such as UFC, boxing, hockey and basketball to top high-profile concerts and award shows.
The Park, a dining and entertainment district spanning more than six acres, debuted April 4, 2016, with an eclectic blend of restaurants, bars and entertainment tucked into rich desert landscaping and will serve as the central gathering place on The Strip’s west side, connecting New York-New York and Monte Carlo resorts and the new T-Mobile Arena.
The 5,300 seat theater at Monte Carlo Resort and Casino is on schedule to open in late 2016. This new venue will elevate and further diversify MGM Resorts’ entertainment offerings on the Las Vegas Strip by hosting special engagements from many of the music industry’s most celebrated performers.
U.S. REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT
We are expanding our presence on the East Coast with MGM National Harbor and MGM Springfield. MGM National Harbor, expected to open in late 2016, is a luxury casino resort with the world’s top entertainment, including a 3,000 seat theater and fine dining from local and celebrity chefs, as well as a diverse array of retailers. The MGM Springfield project envisions an exciting and lively residential, retail, dining and entertainment district that preserves much of downtown’s most iconic architecture while initiating a rebirth of the city’s downtown neighborhood. MGM Springfield is expected to open late 2018.
MGM CHINA
MGM China remains committed to the diversification of tourism in Macau and is looking forward to opening its second property on Cotai in early 2017. MGM China’s focus on operating efficiency, product diversification and community engagement sets the stage for continued success as the market evolves to become the top tourist destination in Asia.
 IN 2015, COMPANY EMPLOYEES VOLUNTEERED 157,850 HOURS TO NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
We practice corporate social responsibility as a moral and business imperative that is integral to our core values, culture and operations— leading to sustained competitiveness, growth and long-term value for our Company, our communities and
our society. Through vigorous Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives we are uniting our highly engaged employees in our mission of superior guest service, innovation through team diversity and collaboration, impactful community investment and enduring environmental stewardship. Our quest for continuous excellence in Corporate Social Responsibility as well as our for- profit business has underscored our reputation as a premiere leader in corporate America and one of the world’s most admired companies, as recognized by the Reputation Institute, Diversity Inc, the Human Rights Campaign, the Global Gaming Expo and Fortune Magazine, among others.
    
    Your Company’s accomplishments in 2015 further enhanced its reputation as one of the leading hospitality companies
in the world, one that is widely recognized for ingenuity
in building long-term value for our guests, employees, shareholders and communities in which we operate. I’m excited for MGM Resorts International to take the stage
in 2016 for what will be an exhilarating year and I thank you for your commitment to this remarkable Company.
Jim Murren
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   