landmarka year
dear ShareholderS,
2012 was a landmark year for MGM Resorts International. We made major balance sheet improvements, upgraded our properties and implemented key management changes. All of these steps will play a key role in the future success of our business.
In 2012, we achieved strong net revenue and adjusted property EBITDA growth including a record year of results at MGM China. Our success was driven by our focus on maximizing market share and profitability in an improving Las Vegas market while focusing on key performance indicators and maximizing table yields in Macau.
With all that we have accomplished in 2012, I believe we are very well positioned for 2013. I consider this to be the beginning of a new era for MGM Resorts International. We have a great deal to look forward to and are already off to a busy start in 2013.
   
2012
here are a few highlightS of what we have accompliShed and are working on:
We made transformational balance sheet improvements
In December of 2012, we completed a comprehensive refinancing transaction that will save the Company approximately $230 million per year in annual interest expense. Consistent with our strategy, these transactions allow us to maximize free cash flow and further enhance our Company’s deleveraging efforts.
We are enhancing our properties
We continue to make strategic capital enhancements across our properties to offer fresh experiences to our guests. In 2012, we fully remodeled the rooms and suites in MGM Grand’s main tower as well as the guest
rooms in Bellagio’s Spa Tower. In 2013, we have
opened Hakkasan at the MGM Grand, a luxury restaurant, lounge and nightclub. At Mandalay Bay,
we will open Michael Jackson ONETM by Cirque du Soleil® and in partnership with The Light Group will welcome two new restaurants as well as Light Nightclub and Dayclub. In addition, we will soon begin remodeling
and rebranding THEhotel as Delano Las Vegas. We also recently announced plans to begin construction of a new indoor arena in partnership with AEG, one of the world’s leading sports and entertainment companies. This arena will serve as the centerpiece of an outdoor plaza, which will connect Monte Carlo and New York-New York in
an entertainment district. We believe these new products will allow us to gain market share on the Las Vegas Strip as we move forward in this new era.
                            
 mgm china
MGM China had another year of record results
Net revenues increased by 8% year over year and adjusted property EBITDA before branding fee increased 10%.
MGM Cotai is underway
In February of this year, we broke ground on what we believe will be the most exciting resort on Cotai. Our plans call for 1,600 rooms, 2,500 slot machines and 500 tables. We are on track for an opening in the first half of 2016.
 reaching the top
  ARIA is on the rise
Cirque du Soleil show ZarkanaTM opened in November at ARIA. New restaurant offerings include: Javier’s, a fine Mexican dining experience; Tetsu, with Japanese cuisine prepared on teppan grills; and a remodeled buffet. These additions and enhancements are driving a broader base of customers and increased occupancy.
      
Massachusetts
With the proposal that offers the greatest benefit to the city of Springfield, we believe we have the best chance of earning the Western Massachusetts gaming license.
  Site national harbor
Maryland
In the fall of 2012, we won voter approval in Maryland to compete to build a new casino along the banks of the Potomac. In May, we submitted our proposal for MGM National Harbor, a beautiful destination resort minutes from our nation’s capital. We know that we build the best resorts, and we confidently await a decision before the end of the year.
 we are working to expand in key north american regionS
  Ontario
We have forged a partnership with Cadillac Fairview, the premier real estate developer in Canada, and with them we will pursue the exciting prospect of developing a resort in the greater Toronto area.
     
 Our properties continue to stun, and we have the awards to prove it.
In Las Vegas, MGM Resort’s properties captured half of all the prestigious AAA Four- and Five-Diamond awards given in recognition of travel excellence. Fifteen of our resorts achieved the Green Key rating for environmental conservation, up from 12 last year. Forbes Travel Guide has recognized 24 of our hotels, restaurants and spas with its elite Four- and Five-Star Awards. We are especially proud of the honor bestowed on us by PR News for having the finest corporate responsibility programs among the nation’s largest employers.
MGM Resorts was the first gaming company ever to win the award.
onward and
upward
 Such awards underscore something we have worked very hard to achieve: a cultural change in our Company, where we are united by one vision and mission. In a manner representative of the unique character of our Company and industry, we created a fully realized professional stage show, “Inspiring Our World,” with an incredible cast consisting entirely of our talented employees.
“Inspiring Our World” has been performed across the country, celebrating our unity of mission to engage, entertain and inspire each of our guests. As we continue to improve our Company culture, we further elevate employee morale, and with that we ultimately strengthen customer service and satisfaction.

 a new
With all we have accomplished since our last shareholders’ meeting, I believe our Company is entering a new era. MGM Resorts is poised to benefit from our property improvements, strategic marketing initiatives and market growth. I truly believe our best days lie ahead.
All that we have achieved—all that we will achieve—is a testament to the incredible dedication and service our men and women bring to our properties every day.
With great excitement, I look forward to entering this new era at MGM Resorts International with our customers, our employees and with you, our shareholders.
Jim Murren
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
era
   