McGRAW-HILL 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

1

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Two words sum up the transformative year that we delivered in 2012: growth and value. Last year, we achieved strong growth in our financial results and unlocked value for you, our investors. And we took important steps to pave the way for our company to generate sustainable growth, at a faster rate, in the years ahead. This clear sense of purpose carried us through 2012 as we effectively executed our Growth and Value Plan. We fulfilled all of our commitments, including: · Signing an agreement in November to sell McGraw-Hill Education to Apollo Global Management, LLC; · Delivering nearly $175 million in runrate cost reductions by the end of 2012, which exceeded our forecast of at least $100 million; · Aggressively buying back shares ($1.8 billion over the last two years); · Investing for growth, including closing five acquisitions and the S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture. The sale of McGraw-Hill Education will create two strong companies. It will enable the education company to continue developing digital learning systems for better outcomes for students and professionals around the world. And for our financial information company, under the McGraw Hill Financial* name, it will sharpen the focus on our high-growth, high-margin businesses--Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, S&P Dow Jones Indices, S&P Capital IQ and Platts among them. Our new mission will be to promote sustainable growth by bringing transparency and essential insights to the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. Every day our clients look to us for the essential intelligence--derived from our trusted benchmarks, analytics and research--that contributes to economic progress. In particular, we play a key role, especially in emerging countries, in the formation of capital markets that helps fund roads, power plants, hospitals and all the infrastructure necessary for a better life. We take the role we play in the markets very seriously and it is this responsibility that unites the 17,000 employees of the new McGraw Hill Financial. Our people are what set us apart, and it is their integrity and values--their commitment to the highest standards of fairness, impartiality and transparency-- that inspire confidence in the future. In this, our 125th year, I could not be more proud of the work we are doing to keep markets and societies moving forward, or more positive about where we are headed. EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2012 In 2012, we achieved excellent financial results. Note, these results exclude McGraw-Hill Education as this business has been reclassified as a discontinued operation because of its pending sale. Last year: · Revenue rose 13%; · Adjusted net income from continuing operations increased 24%; and · Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations jumped 32%. Those top- and bottom-line results were driven by the underlying strength of our business. Nowhere was that strength more evident than Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, which benefited from robust
*The name McGraw Hill Financial is subject to shareholder approval.

Harold McGraw III Chairman, President and CEO

" Every day our clients look to us for essential intelligence."

32

%

GROWTH IN ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS IN 2012

2

McGRAW-HILL 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

"Our business generates strong free cash flow. Together with a strong balance sheet, we made 2012 another year of value creation for shareholders."

worldwide corporate bond issuance, as central banks kept interest rates extremely low. This economic environment, our global scale and our operational excellence propelled S&P to 15% revenue growth and 18% operating profit growth. A discussion about S&P would not be complete without an update on our legal situation. Most recently, in February 2013, the U.S. Department of Justice and some states filed civil lawsuits regarding S&P ratings in 2007 of certain U.S. collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) and S&P's rating models for residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS). These claims are entirely without factual or legal merit, especially when you consider that our ratings were consistent with what the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury were saying at the time. Claims that we deliberately kept ratings high when we knew they should be lower are simply not true. We will vigorously defend S&P against these unwarranted claims--as we have successfully defended against more than 40 other financial crisis­related cases. S&P has always been committed to serving the interests of investors and all market participants by providing opinions on creditworthiness based on available information. At all times, our ratings reflected our current best judgments about the RMBS and the CDOs in question. Unfortunately, S&P, like everyone else, did not predict the speed and severity of the coming crisis and how credit quality would ultimately be affected. Although we deeply regret that these 2007 CDO ratings did not perform as expected, 20/20 hindsight is no basis to take legal action against the goodfaith opinions of professionals.

Since 2008 we have taken many steps to enhance our ability to provide highquality ratings, including updating our methodologies and models and enhancing our global connectivity to interpret and respond to credit conditions. All told, we invested approximately $400 million in the systems, governance, analytics, and the methodologies we use to rate securities. The performance last year of McGraw-Hill also benefited from our new joint venture, S&P Dow Jones Indices, which has been operating since last July. Our partnership with the CME Group combines powerful, complementary brands, including two of the most distinguished names in finance, the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average, is very exciting and offers many opportunities for growth. At S&P Capital IQ, revenue grew 9% as we expanded the number of global users, including those from TheMarkets.com, to 71,000. During the year we made three targeted acquisitions that significantly expand our asset class coverage for data and pricing, add technology to move into live intraday coverage of over-the-counter securities, allow us to develop new crossasset class portfolio analytics as well as offer high-speed exchange market data capabilities. In the global commodities markets, 2012 was another strong year for Platts' research, pricing and analytics offerings. This business grew at a double-digit pace, and we entered the important agriculture commodity market with the purchase of the pricing and analytics firm Kingsman SA.

S&P CreditMatters for the iPad® is an easy and informative way to keep up with Standard & Poor's Ratings Services' global perspective on important credit market developments.

J.D. Power's benchmarks and insights are helping the automotive industry thrive in China and elsewhere in the Asia Pacific region. J.D. Power's revenue in Asia Pacific grew 19% from 2011 to 2012.

McGRAW-HILL 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

3

J.D. Power and Associates (JDPA) recorded its best year ever as the U.S. auto market posted a comeback and China's auto industry continued expanding. Platts, JDPA, McGraw-Hill Construction and Aviation Week together produced 9% revenue growth. Last year, the kindergarten to high school market experienced the worst conditions in a decade amid government funding declines. But we took big steps to prepare McGraw-Hill Education for future success in a digital learning world. We selected a strong new management team, including President and CEO Buzz Waterhouse, reduced expenses and continued developing cutting edge digital learning products. A special thank you goes to all the McGrawHill Education employees who have handled this time of transition with such professionalism while maintaining a sharp focus on helping students, educators and professionals succeed. GROWING RETURNS AND VALUE FOR SHAREHOLDERS As you know, our business generates strong free cash flow. Together with a strong balance sheet, we made 2012 another year of value creation for shareholders. The actions the Board took in 2012 and at the start of 2013 include: · Declaring a $2.50 per share special dividend; · Raising our regular quarterly cash dividend 9.8%; and · Buying back $295 million in stock. In total, we returned about $1.3 billion in the form of dividend payments and share repurchases last year. On top of that,

our share price increased 22% in 2012, outperforming the 13% rise in the S&P 500. In 2013, we anticipate continuing our share repurchase program, subject to market conditions, once the funds from the sale of McGraw-Hill Education are received. OUR GLOBAL GROWTH AGENDA IS CAUSE FOR OPTIMISM Now, let's look toward our exciting future. In the near term, we forecast 2013 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.10 to $3.20 for McGraw Hill Financial, which translates to approximately 15% growth versus last year's adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations of $2.75. Earlier, I pointed out that the actions we took in 2012 will step up the pace of our growth, accelerating top-line growth from low single digits recently, including the results of McGraw-Hill Education, to double digits last year and our expectation for high single digits this year. There are many reasons to be encouraged by what lies ahead for McGraw Hill Financial. Two stand out. First, powerful market forces are driving the need for our content and analytics. As companies and countries fund growth initiatives and the infrastructure of tomorrow, they are increasingly turning to debt markets for financing, which we expect will drive bond issuance and demand for S&P's ratings and research. As financial markets have become more complex and interconnected, the need for independent benchmarks and unique insights has become clear. From the credit ratings of S&P to the commodity price assessments of Platts, our offerings give all market participants the same trusted
Terry McGraw visits the company's new office in Singapore, a major financial hub. This new facility, located in the financial district, is home to more than 200 employees serving the capital and commodity markets and provides a platform for the company's growth in the region.

information that creates the transparency necessary for well-functioning, growing global financial markets. The integrity of what we offer gives our customers the confidence to embed our essential content and analytics in their workflows where it helps them manage risk and identify opportunities to grow. This fact underpins the durability of our franchise. The evolution and globalization of financial markets are driving our international expansion. Non-U.S. revenue makes up 40% of our total sales and the businesses of McGraw Hill Financial have been increasing international revenue at a double-digit pace for the past four years. We believe we are very well positioned to capture new opportunities in both mature and growth markets in the years ahead. The second cause for my optimism is that we have a strong record of innovation with iconic global brands in market leading positions. Our index business offers a good example. S&P Dow Jones Indices launched more than 100 new indices in 2012 to meet client needs, measure constantly evolving markets and new asset classes. Another example: S&P Capital IQ was named by Institutional Investor to its 2012 list of "Tech 50" companies, which the magazine recognized for "their vision and agility in translating innovation into operational and competitive advantage." Further, we are maximizing capabilities across our company, such as technology and data operations, allowing us to create new solutions quickly and effectively. The combination of global brand recognition and innovation gives us significant opportunities to drive organic growth.

$

1.3

RETURNED TO SHAREHOLDERS IN 2012

BILLION

4

McGRAW-HILL 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

125 YEARS OF INTEGRITY AND RIGOROUS ANALYSIS Of course, our accomplishments would not have been possible without our exceptional and talented employees. The Board of Directors and management team are enormously grateful for their creativity, dedication and integrity. I especially want to commend our employees in the Northeast United States, who navigated effectively through Superstorm Sandy with ingenuity and perseverance. The men and women of our company excelled at serving clients and markets in the aftermath of the storm and kept our operations fully functional despite the temporary closure of our office in Lower Manhattan and many of our colleagues' homes being without power. We clearly have terrific people all around us, including a world class Board. Our newest Director is Charles "Ed" Haldeman, Jr., who joined us last year and brings valued experience in financial markets. Most recently, as its CEO from 2009 to 2012, Ed got Freddie Mac back on track after it was placed in conservatorship. I also want to acknowledge Doug Daft, who retired from the Board last April after nine years of extraordinary service. I thank Doug for his guidance over the years and all of our current Directors for their leadership and oversight. In 1888 my great-grandfather, James H. McGraw, founded the company with the purchase of the American Journal of Railway Appliances, and while we have made significant changes in our company

over the last 125 years, some important things stay the same. Two constants are important to highlight because they help account for our enduring success. First, we have always been quick to adapt to serve the need for information about new economic and business trends, beginning with the development of power, transportation and electricity in the late 19th century and continuing to today's global revolution in data and the explosion of the capital and commodity markets. The second thing that remains unchanged is our unwavering commitment to integrity and fairness in the information and opinions we provide. For example, James H. McGraw described the first editor he recruited for the American Electrician as someone who "made sure of his ground on any controversial subject and then expressed his opinions in his editorials frankly, fearlessly and convincingly." These traits of innovation and integrity have earned the McGraw-Hill brands the highest respect around the world from customers and clients. Going forward, these admirable qualities will always be central to who we are: providers of essential intelligence that enables sustainable growth for markets and communities. Thank you for your ongoing support. Sincerely,

"The combination of global brand recognition and innovation gives us significant opportunities to drive organic growth."

Harold McGraw III Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

McGraw-Hill volunteers give young people in New York the essentials of personal finance, which is a key component of the company's commitment to good corporate citizenship.

S&P Global Credit Portal is a Web-based solution that combines financial intelligence across multiple facets of fixed-income markets, including in-depth credit risk analytics based on S&P's credit ratings and research.

