Harold McGraw III Chairman, President and CEO

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

From Shanghai's factories to London's trading floors, and across India's universities and New York's investment firms, the trends are clear: the global knowledge economy, the globalization of markets and the widespread use of new technologies are creating more opportunities and possibilities for more people than ever before.
At The McGraw-Hill Companies, our mission is--and always has been--to help our customers reach their potential. Across our markets and geographic regions, we're more strongly positioned than ever to do so--creating enormous opportunities for our Corporation today and strengthening our prospects for tomorrow. Today we play a vital role in meeting growing global needs: the need for capital, for knowledge and for information transparency. We remain a leader in each of our businesses with strong, trusted brands. To prepare for tomorrow, we took important steps forward in 2006. We continued to expand our markets by identifying and capturing global growth opportunities. We continued to leverage technology with our valuable content to create innovative new offerings that will generate additional revenue streams. We continued to enhance productivity and efficiency by effectively managing our resources. And we continued to strengthen our talent and leadership capabilities. 2006: More Value for Shareholders For our shareholders, we continued to generate outstanding financial results and created greater value during 2006: » Revenue and net income reached record levels of $6.3 billion and $882 million, respectively; » Diluted earnings per share rose 8.6% to $2.40, also a record;
3

» We returned $1.8 billion to shareholders through cash dividend payments and share repurchases. During the year we repurchased 28.4 million shares, or approximately 8% of shares outstanding; and » Our total return to shareholders during 2006 was 33.5%, more than double the S&P 500's return of 15.8%. Reflecting our confidence in our future and our commitment to maximizing shareholder value, in January 2007 we announced a 12.9% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend on the Corporation's common stock. The new annual dividend of $0.82 per share represents a compound annual growth rate of 10.4% since 1974. It also marks our 34th consecutive annual dividend increase, making us one of fewer than 30 companies in the S&P 500 to earn that distinction. In addition, we announced plans to repurchase up to 15 million of the Corporation's outstanding shares in 2007, and in January our Board approved a new program that will allow us to repurchase up to 45 million additional shares over the next few years. Since 1996, we have returned $5.9 billion to shareholders through dividend payments and share buybacks. Our total return to shareholders has significantly outperformed the S&P 500 over that time period, as well as over the past one-, three-, five-, seven- and ten-year periods.

Left: Harold McGraw III responds to questions from news media during a Business Roundtable press conference. In August 2006, Mr. McGraw was named chairman of the Business Roundtable, an association of 160 chief executive officers of major U.S. corporations.

Right: During an event at The McGraw-Hill Companies' Canary Wharf facility, Harold McGraw III is joined by students of London's Cubitt Town Infants School. In 2006, the school recognized the Corporation for its continued support.

Our Strategy: More Global, More Digital, More Productive With strong leadership positions in large and growing markets, we remain confident about our prospects and performance in 2007 and beyond. Our confidence is based on our clear and focused strategy for growth--a strategy that involves further expanding our global market share, developing technology-driven solutions that add value for customers, aligning our portfolio of businesses so they remain positioned to benefit from long-term, secular global trends, and investing in our businesses to enhance productivity and leverage our resources. From the rapidly growing debt markets of Europe and Asia to the ever-increasing demand for educated and skilled workers in emerging markets, international expansion remains a focal point--and growth driver--for the Corporation. Our non-U.S. revenue continues to grow at a

platforms, as well as provide an increasing amount of our products digitally and with greater security and reliability. Most importantly, we remain devoted students of our markets, and we continually evaluate our portfolio of businesses to ensure they remain aligned with favorable market dynamics, providing a clear path for achieving sustainable long-term growth. More Progress Across Our Businesses In 2007, we expect to achieve another year of solid growth with positive contributions from all of our business segments. Standard & Poor's continues to generate strong results--and enjoy strong prospects for growth--as a result of its expanding global presence, local market knowledge, expertise across asset classes, and diverse, resilient portfolio of offerings. Standard & Poor's remains well-positioned to capitalize on the powerful trends shaping the world's financial markets. In 2007, global debt issuance is expected to rise again, fueled by increased activity in international and structured finance markets, further driving growth in ratings services. Demand also is increasing for the broad array of new non-traditional ratings tools and services we offer to issuers and investors. The continued integration and aggregation of data, analysis and investment into Standard & Poor's Capital IQ platform is driving rapid growth for this business. Since its acquisition in 2004, Capital IQ's customer base has doubled to more than 1,700, and we are excited about the opportunities ahead as we add tools, content and analytics to further enhance the functionality of this Web-based platform. Growth also lies ahead for our market-leading, customized index products and services. Today, $4.5 trillion in funds is benchmarked to the S&P 500, and in the expanding market for exchange-traded funds (ETFs), assets under management based on S&P indices now exceed $161 billion. In 2006, 35 ETFs based on S&P indices were launched in the United States, including new index products based on IPOs, residential home prices and emerging markets. More are expected in 2007. During 2006, the U.S. Credit Rating Agency Reform Act was signed into law. The Corporation supported proposals to make the designation process for Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations more inclusive, timely and transparent. The new law preserves the independence of credit rating agencies in forming their rating opinions and maintains their existing rights under law.

"As we look to the future, we see a world of potential for our continued growth."
double-digit pace, and one-third of our employees are now based in international markets. Today, Standard & Poor's rates more corporate debt issues in Europe than in the United States, McGraw­Hill Higher Education continues to expand its presence in China, India, Jordan and Brazil, and Platts generates more than 50% of its revenue from non-U.S. sources. Our prospects for continued growth in international markets remain excellent. A second key growth driver for the Corporation is our focus on leveraging technology to create new solutions that enhance the value and functionality of our content. Toward that end, we continue to expand the integration of our offerings into our customers' workflows. One example of our progress is reflected in the strong growth of Standard & Poor's Capital IQ division. Investing in our businesses to build revenue and expand our operating margins remains a key strategic priority. To enhance productivity and strengthen business operations, we have initiated a Business Process Management program designed to help improve the quality of our products, reduce delivery time and minimize costs. We also announced plans to build a new state-of-the-art data center that will strengthen our technology-based product development and business-support
4

Left: At a United States Council for International Business (USCIB) awards ceremony, Harold McGraw III speaks with Rep. Charles Rangel, chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives' Committee on Ways and Means. At the ceremony, Mr. McGraw was presented with the USCIB International Leadership Award for his efforts to promote international trade.

Right: Harold McGraw III with members of the Business Roundtable and its Japanese equivalent, the Nippon Keidanren. (From left: James Owens, chairman & CEO, Caterpillar, Inc.; Robert Miller, chairman & CEO, Delphi Corp.; Fujio Mitarai, chairman & CEO, Canon, Inc. and chairman, Nippon Keidanren; Harold McGraw III; and Charles McClure, chairman, president & CEO, ArvinMeritor, Inc.)

With the value of education increasingly clear in a growing number of geographic markets, McGraw-Hill Education also is poised for growth. In the United States, we expect state spending on education to increase in 2007 and grow steadily through the end of the decade. To capture additional opportunities in the elementary and high school market, we combined our pre-K to 12 basal school programs, realigned product development under centers of excellence and positioned ourselves as the only major educational provider to offer comprehensive instructional solutions from pre-school through high school. We also launched new and revised programs in key subject areas, such as reading and math. The landmark No Child Left Behind Act is due for reauthorization in 2007, and to help educators meet its requirements, we have created a range of effective products to serve the growing demand for solutions that measure and improve student performance. A particular area of focus is on helping students who perform below grade-level proficiency standards. To meet this need, we continue to develop innovative, technology-driven programs that enable individualized instruction and learning. The increased emphasis on education in the United States and abroad also is reflected in rising higher education enrollments and growing demand for lifelong learning programs. Our higher education and professional publishing businesses are meeting this demand by integrating technology into their offerings, creating new educational solutions and delivering them via new media. In 2006 we introduced 40 new online courses and will be adding more in 2007 to capitalize on the growing demand for digital products at higher education institutions worldwide. The ongoing transformation of our Information & Media segment positions its market-leading brands for a bright future. As the Internet reshapes the business-to-business market, it creates new opportunities to deliver information and analytics to our customers. Our goal is to enhance the value of our trusted content by expanding how and where we deliver it, extending its functionality and integrating it into our customers' workflows. We made solid progress last year and expect to achieve more in 2007. A major 2006 initiative involved transitioning Sweets' print product database to an integrated, Internet-based sales and marketing solution serving the needs of design professionals and product manufacturers in the global construction industry.

In addition, J.D. Power and Associates continues to diversify its must-have marketing information into non-automotive categories and new markets, including China and India. Within the world's volatile energy markets, Platts is expanding globally and attracting new customers by increasing the scope of its proprietary news, analysis and industry price assessments. BusinessWeek continues evolving into a multimedia brand, with growing audiences accessing its editorial expertise on BusinessWeek.com and through a range of blogs and podcasts, as well as through video, television and a mobile edition. And our television stations continue strengthening their local market penetration through outstanding programming and a strong network of Spanish-language affiliates. More Potential As we look to the future, we see a world of potential for our continued growth. Political, structural and economic barriers to progress continue to fall, and access and opportunity continue to rise. As a result, more individuals and institutions in more geographic regions are seizing the opportunity to achieve and advance in the global knowledge economy. We are proud of the critical role that The McGraw-Hill Companies plays in enabling millions of customers to reach their potential. We also are proud of our ability to build strong and trusted global brands, of the leadership position we hold in our markets, and of the innovative offerings that we continually develop to meet the growing needs of our customers. Our progress today--and our potential tomorrow--is a testament to the dedication and talent of our 20,000 employees worldwide, whose efforts I admire and deeply appreciate. Our success depends on the strength of our Board of Directors, and I wish to thank our Board members for their many contributions, guidance and devoted service. And most importantly, my thanks to all our shareholders for their continuing support.

Sincerely,

Harold McGraw III February 15, 2007
5

