McGRAW - HILL 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

1

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

HAROLD McGRAW III CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO

CREATING TWO POWERFUL NEW COMPANIES

2011 was a landmark year for The McGraw-Hill Companies. We had one of the best years in our history for revenue, operating profit and earnings per share. We generated a total shareholder return of 26%, far outpacing the slight increase in total return for the S&P 500 Index. Those results and the actions we continue to take position us for another year of strong growth. Looking forward, our 2012 baseline earnings per share outlook on a consolidated basis is $3.25 to $3.35, an increase of 12% to 15% over 2011. Most significantly, last year the Board of Directors, following a year-long review, announced our Growth and Value Plan, creating two powerful new companies, McGRAW - HILL FINANCIAL and McGRAW - HILL EDUCATION , each with world-class franchises, iconic brands and strong market positions. This groundbreaking initiative will result in two focused and attractive investment opportunities, one a leader in content and analytics for the global financial and commodities markets, and the other, a leader in the transformation of education to digital personalized learning.

In this annual report, you will learn more about these two remarkable companies and their extraordinary potential for growth and value creation. It is worth recalling some of our major achievements in 2011 during which we:




Established a new brand, S&P Capital IQ, a leading global provider of multi-asset class data, research and analytics. Successfully sold the Broadcasting Group to focus on the growth of our core portfolio. Expanded Platts' platform, our outstanding commodities information business, through the strategic acquisitions of Bentek Energy, covering the natural gas market, and the Steel Business Briefing Group. Rapidly developed digital products, services and solutions at McGrawHill Education to transform the educational landscape with adaptive, personalized and interactive learning platforms. Appointed two outstanding Board Directors: Bill Green, the Chairman of the Board of Accenture; and Dick Thornburgh, Vice Chairman at leading private equity firm, Corsair Capital, LLC.



Repurchased $1.5 billion in shares and issued our 39th consecutive annual increase in our quarterly cash dividend. Made significant and rapid progress with restructuring and the realignment of benefit plans to generate cost savings of at least $100 million. Announced a new partnership between S&P Indices and CME Group's Dow Jones Indexes that will diversify and enhance our revenue stream. Relaunched the Standard & Poor's Ratings Services brand to highlight our unique ability to benchmark credit risk across asset classes and geographies, leveraging our 1,400 analysts in 23 countries.













2

McGRAW-HILL FINANCIAL -- A LEADER IN CONTENT AND ANALYTICS FOR THE FINANCIAL AND COMMODITIES MARKETS What was singularly impressive in 2011 was how we helped clients successfully navigate the turbulent capital and commodities markets with sound content, analytics and benchmarks from trusted brands such as S&P Indices, S&P Capital IQ, Platts, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and J.D. Power and Associates. With the content and analytics market expected to grow at close to 9% annually over the next three years, global clients will increasingly look to the new McGraw-Hill Financial for unique benchmarks and insights, delivered with integrity, transparency and analytical rigor. While a wide range of companies are attempting to add similar content and analytics to their core capabilities, McGraw-Hill Financial enjoys a leading position, having already built, mastered and grown these essential capabilities. Perhaps nowhere is our leading position more evident than S&P Indices which performed exceptionally well last year, growing sales 18% to $323 million. This high-margin business generates revenue from several sources, including fees based on assets under management in exchangetraded funds linked to S&P Indices. In

addition, the business earns royalties based on the trading volume of derivative contracts. In the fourth quarter, the average daily volume of more than 3.7 million contracts for the major exchange-traded derivatives represented a 26% year-over-year increase. Likewise, S&P Capital IQ recorded terrific results last year. Revenue at S&P Capital IQ -- which includes research and analytics, integrated desktop solutions and enterprise solutions -- grew 13%. The S&P Capital IQ platform gained market share and expanded its client base to 3,800, a 14% year-over-year increase. Standard & Poor's Ratings finished the year with stellar operating margins of 41%. Despite lower new-issue dollar volume at the end of 2011 stemming from uncertainty over Europe's debt crisis as well as fears of a global economic downturn, Standard & Poor's Ratings produced a 4% increase in revenue for the year. Standard & Poor's plays a vital role in bringing transparency and comparability to the financial markets, helping investors and others measure and manage credit risk in an often opaque and volatile environment. Looking ahead, we're encouraged by the bond market's longer-term prospects. A significant pipeline of maturing global corporate debt will

need to be refinanced and global banking capital requirements will likely continue shifting corporate financing from banks to public debt markets where S&P Ratings plays a significant role. In addition, S&P estimates that $15 trillion will be required for infrastructure financing worldwide between now and 2020. With imagination and concerted effort, policymakers can unlock the potential of capital markets to fund infrastructure investments that will underpin the future growth of all economies.

"Last year, Platts' revenue surged 22% to an impressive $419 million."
Platts is truly a unique business, generating both high value and doubledigit growth by bringing transparency to the global commodities markets. In 2011, volatility in energy prices drove demand for Platts' proprietary content, including analytics for trading decisions, news and price assessments. Last year, Platts' revenue surged 22% to an impressive $419 million. In fact, this business has been delivering a 12% compound annual growth rate since 1986 -- a result that very few can match.

The globalization of capital markets and the worldwide need for education continue to drive McGraw-Hill's international expansion. Mr. McGraw visited employees in São Paulo to accelerate the company's growth opportunities in Brazil.

McGRAW - HILL 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

3

Mr. McGraw and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announce a McGraw-Hill-sponsored program designed to promote reading by waiving late fees for overdue library books.

launch included five math and science titles loaded with media-rich, 3-D features, fundamentally changing the way students interact with course material. We're pleased that market reaction has been very positive and we plan to double the number of titles later this year. The excitement from the launch of this initiative illustrates the opportunities to further expand the availability of our digital content to all mobile devices across elementary, high school, higher education and professional markets.

continue to provide outstanding leadership and counsel during this time of great change. It is worth remembering that McGraw-Hill's sustainable success has long been based on our ability to adapt and to lead market change for nearly 125 years. Our company was founded in 1888 by James H. McGraw who purchased The American Journal of Railway Appliances which became a success by providing essential information for the rapidly growing locomotive industry. The company then quickly expanded by providing key insights into many of the major economic drivers of the American Industrial Revolution from railways to electricity to engineering. In today's knowledge economy, we are leaders in financial content and analytics and in digital personalized learning. The global economic landscape has changed dramatically in the past 100 years, but McGraw-Hill still provides the judgment, objectivity and analytical rigor that clients must have to make the right moves in today's dynamic marketplace. As we launch two new powerful companies -- McGraw-Hill Financial and McGraw-Hill Education -- our employees will continue to be the driving force behind our success as well as our ability to generate the rock-solid results our shareholders have come to expect from the McGraw-Hill name, this year, and for many years to come. Sincerely,

McGRAW-HILL EDUCATION -- A LEADER IN DIGITAL PERSONALIZED LEARNING This past year, McGraw-Hill Education made enormous progress developing breakthrough digital learning platforms. Continuous innovation by our talented teams resulted in new growth in higher education and professional publishing, as well as in international operations stemming from sales of cutting-edge digital products and solutions. For example, in the U.S. higher education market, sales of digital products and services grew by more than 40% last year and now represent 20% of our higher education revenue. The digitization of education across the globe represents the opportunity of the century. As curricula, technology and distribution increasingly converge, students, teachers and institutions will look more and more to McGraw-Hill Education to transform the learning experience and promote higher levels of engagement. Underscoring this point, McGraw-Hill Education recently developed enhanced, interactive high school programs for Apple's iPadTM. The initial

"The digitization of education across the globe represents the opportunity of the century."
EMPLOYEES -- DRIVING GROWTH AND VALUE AS WE SEPARATE INTO TWO POWERFUL COMPANIES We could not have succeeded in 2011 without our dedicated and talented employees who, in addition to serving our customers every day, are transforming the Corporation as we separate into two powerful companies. This year, we sadly lost one of our all-time great leaders, Don Rubin, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. He personified all that is best in human nature and in McGraw-Hill; he served the Company so well for 52 years, was unswerving in seeking the truth and inspired everyone who knew him. We extend our sincere sympathy to his wife, Nancy, and their family. I also want to thank our Board of Directors who launched the strategic portfolio review in 2010, which resulted in the Growth and Value Plan. They

Harold McGraw III

