Dear Shareholder:
In today's more connected and dynamic global economy there is a growing need for the benchmarks, research, analytics and data of McGraw Hill Financial. Our unique products and services facilitate the flow of capital and commerce through global markets, promoting growth, development and higher standards of living.
Harold McGraw III
Chairman of the Board

The evolution of financial markets and economies all over the world today is shaping the future. Exciting developments include a sea change in investment management, from the rise of private wealth in Asia Pacific to the ongoing movement of financial flows, from actively managed funds to passive investments. Another area demanding attention is global trade. Policy makers recognize that opening new markets is an economic imperative. According to a report by the United Nations, "almost all countries with substantial improvement in human development over the past two decades have also become more integrated with the world economy." Recent policy developments offer good news. Toward the end of last year the United States and India, together with the WTO, salvaged the multilateral deal known as the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) to cut red tape at border crossings. Now, the G20 must work to ensure all 160 nations of the WTO ratify and implement the TFA. An increase in cross border capital flows and the liberalization of trade policies are welcome developments as McGraw Hill Financial looks to international markets for growth. For details of what the company is doing to serve international markets, I encourage you to read about the ways the company is creating growth and driving performance throughout the pages of this Annual Report.

As announced on February 25, 2015, I informed the Board of Directors of my decision not to stand for re-election as a Director at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to take place on April 29, 2015. I want to thank our outstanding Board for their guidance and counsel over the years and I am deeply touched by their awarding me the title of Chairman Emeritus. I want to thank you, our shareholders, for your support and confidence in our ability to drive growth and to create superior shareholder value. In addition, I want to wish every success to Doug Peterson, President and CEO, and Ed Haldeman whom the Board will propose as Chairman following the Annual Meeting. Both these individuals are world-class leaders and highly respected for their achievements. McGraw Hill Financial is an outstanding company with a bright future and a proud legacy of providing essential intelligence to customers. I am so very grateful to all the people who have contributed to the success of our businesses over many generations. Since our founding by James H. McGraw in 1888, the McGraw Hill teams have continually met the transformative needs of our customers and markets, and will continue to do so in the future. Sincerely,

A Lifetime of Service and Achievement
Leadership at the Company...
 President and CEO, 1998-2013 Chairman, 2000-2015  Director, 1987-2015 Chairman Emeritus, 2015

... And Respected Leader of the Global Business Community
Chairman, International Chamber of Commerce Chairman, U.S. Trade Representative's Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations Chairman, U.S. Council for International Business Chairman, Emergency Committee for American Trade  Director, Phillips 66  Director, United Technologies Corporation  Former Chairman, Business Roundtable  Former Chairman, U.S.-India Business Council  Director, Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy  Director, The New York Public Library Vice Chairman, Asia Society

Harold McGraw III Chairman of the Board

Chairman Harold McGraw III,  who serves as chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce, was in Turkey last year in advance of the country hosting leaders of the business community and G20 nations in 2015.
 McGraw Hill Financial 2014 Annual Report 1

