Our business has been sustaining
itself for generations. This is an important fact
to remember in tough times such as these. When it comes
to managing through a down cycle – even a protracted one – we have
the experience, the discipline and the balance sheet necessary to sustain our business through the cycle. In fact, we are confident that our actions to sustain the business through these challenging times will make us an even stronger and more formidable competitor when recovery begins.
These actions include continual alignment of our infrastructure with market demand, improved management of working capital and limiting capital investments to only those promising significant sales, margin or business process improvements. Our ability to execute these measures well and in a timely manner is certainly a core competency that we have honed through years of experience.
  Jeffrey Lorberbaum
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President



The economic climate in 2008 tested this experience as never before. The year was the toughest yet in a cyclical decline that began in 2006 with the contraction of the resi- dential housing market. Further credit tightening, declining consumer confidence and increasing costs exacerbated conditions during 2008. In addition, the European economy weakened significantly.
Our financial results reflect the year’s market deterioration. Mohawk posted net sales of $6.8 billion for fiscal year 2008, compared to $7.6 billion in fiscal 2007. Our reported oper- ating loss of $1.124 billion for the year included non-cash goodwill and intangible charges of $1.543 billion and a business restructuring charge of $30 million. Excluding these charges, operating income was $449 million. Net loss for the year was $1.458 billion, which included the charges above and a deferred tax impairment charge of $253 million.
We are gratified to report that Mohawk’s capital structure remained solid. Debt to capitalization was 38 percent
at year-end. Cash flow from operations of $570 million helped to fund $333 million in debt reduction in 2008.
We have been, and will continue to be, relentless in our search to improve productivity, enhance quality and invest in products and assets that advance our future.
Balancing Challenges With Strengths
No area of our business has been immune to this challenging market. Though all three of our business segments experi- enced year-over-year declines, our balanced business model continues to mitigate market dynamics to a degree. Leadership positions in every major flooring category, broad distribution in major channels, and respected brands and products across a range of price points provide us with the diversification necessary to capitalize on the strongest segments of the market at any given time.
In the Mohawk segment, for example, performance in the commercial market during the first half of the year helped to offset weak residential demand. The same dynamic was true for Dal-Tile. In fact, our presence in the ceramic tile and stone market enabled Dal-Tile to gain further share despite an overall market decline. After a reasonably good first half of 2008, Unilin experienced a difficult second
half as the European economy began to decline in the third quarter. Yet, demand for laminate flooring in Eastern Europe and Russia provided a partial counterbalance to weakened sales in Western Europe where Unilin’s premium brand position helped it continue to perform.
Building an Even Better Company
We have learned an invaluable lesson during market downturns such as this: even the best-run business can always be better run. To this end, we have been, and will continue to be, relentless in our search to improve productivity, enhance quality and invest in products and assets that advance our future. No action is too small, and we have implemented dozens of initiatives throughout the Company.
In carpet manufacturing, we have replaced older fiber extrusion assets with new equipment that is more flexible and efficient. Distribution costs across all businesses have been attacked in a variety of ways, such as by improving the load factor of trucks. Our go-to-market processes are stronger. We have consolidated our brands and sales forces in the commercial carpet business, while further developing our presence in the multi-family channel in the residential carpet and ceramic tile business. Innovation remains critical as we compete in a constrained marketplace. Unilin, for example, continues to unveil industry firsts, such as its new Unilink technology that easily replicates the staggered look of hardwood plank flooring.
 
Finally, running a better business also means running a responsible business, particularly as it relates to environmental sustainability. We have long said that what works for the environment can work for our business. This statement has never been truer. On the top line, we increasingly find that many of our retail and commercial customers require environmentally friendly products and processes in order to do business with them. On the bottom line, our quest for cost efficiencies often results in a positive environmental impact through energy and water conservation and waste stream management.
Investing for the Long Run
Though the nature of our initiatives varies widely, every action we take is designed to strengthen Mohawk competitively so that we can capitalize fully when the market recovers. While we are managing through the current environment and limiting our capital expenditures until we have more visibility into the future, we also are focused on the long-term.
Since 2001, we have doubled our sales through major acquisitions and internal growth. Our operations have reached a degree of complexity and scale that requires new tools and processes to accelerate further growth. Accordingly, key priorities in our corporate operations include enhancing the Company’s management structure, improving working capital deployment and upgrading information systems and reporting tools.
Though the Mohawk product line now encompasses every major flooring category in North America, we are by no means finished with expansion. We continue to explore new product categories in North America that might complement our existing business portfolio. Our plan also looks to new opportunities in emerging markets, such as Russia, China and Mexico. Already, Dal-Tile has found success expanding its ceramic tile presence in Mexico, while Unilin provides us with a strong Western European presence to leverage into adjacent markets.
Though the nature of our initiatives varies widely, every action we take is designed to strengthen Mohawk competitively so that we can capitalize fully when the market recovers.
Sustaining by Moving Forward
The business of sustainability, by definition, requires an organization to manage its resources well, to deal with
matters at hand effectively and to continue moving forward,
no matter what. This certainly defines Mohawk during
the past three years. We are withstanding one of the most  difficult cycles in industry history, while also moving forward
to deliver innovation and value. This is no time to stand still. We remain energized by two certainties – the market will recover, and it will find Mohawk to be an even better business. To our shareholders, customers and employees, we appreciate your commitment and support, which enable us to sustain our business on your behalf.
Sincerely,
Jeffrey Lorberbaum
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President April 6, 2009
  