 a letter to our stockholders:
The inside story Despite a sluggish economy exacerbated by the September terrorist attacks, Mohawk achieved a record year. Throughout the year, we worked diligently to reduce expenses and maintain profits. During the third and fourth quarters, we saw sales rebound in all product categories. Thanks to the Company’s financial strength, we were able to pursue the exciting Dal-Tile merger opportunity that should solidify our position as a leader in both hard and soft surface flooring.
Seasoned managers, a supportive board and dedicated employees who understand our business enabled us to move successfully through the unique economic environment of 2001. Their innovative ideas and tireless attention to the smallest details drove Mohawk to record results with the highest net earnings and diluted earnings per share (EPS) in the Company’s history.
Earnings per share were $3.55, 15 percent above 2000, or $188.6 million in net earnings. These results compare to EPS of $3.08 or $166.9 million in net earnings for 2000, before a $7 million pre-tax charge for a litigation settlement. Net sales improved to $3.4 billion, representing a one percent increase over 2000. With strong sales growth in the second half of the year, reduced selling, general and administrative expenses, lower interest expense and more favorable income tax rates, we exceeded our goals in every area.
We reduced our inventory levels by $43 million since the beginning of the year, improving our inventory turnover from 4.5 to 4.9 times. Keep in mind, we accomplished this as we added new hard surface product inventories. We lowered our debt by $281 million, resulting in a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 24.5 percent and reducing our interest expense by
$8 million for the year. Our management exercised careful control over working capital and capital expenditures during 2001, keeping these to a minimum and still allowing the business to grow. Our cash flow from operations was the highest ever at $331 million for the year, or a $111 million improvement over last year.
Mohawk’s solid financial performance does not tell the entire story of 2001. During the first half of the year, raw material and energy costs subsided, but this could not offset the significantly decreased demand for carpet. Management of all businesses responded with an intense effort to maximize the use of assets, people and marketing to maintain profitability. This allowed Mohawk to outperform competitors in the industry.
A new organizational structure enabled us to communicate more effectively within the Company to achieve common goals and implement improvements in various departments. We focused on offering different marketing strategies to our retail customers so they could improve their businesses and take full advantage of each distribution channel. By restructuring product group and sales strategies, we were able to bring a broader selection to individual customers and support a
better, more rational approach.
Efficient operations We continued to enhance our information systems with the latest applications and hardware to provide detailed information on an immediate basis. Through our intranet, sales personnel can check inventory, order status, pricing, claims and customer history. With these enhancements, our sales force can react to market changes more quickly and identify new opportunities.
Included in our efforts were improvements in the information systems that drive Mohawk’s distribution. These improve- ments allowed us to provide better delivery information to customers. Our investment should also help us better utilize our assets, reduce costs and improve productivity through optimal route selection and space allocation on each haul.
Our knowledge of fiber extrusion continued to expand last year. We broadened the fiber types we manufacture, improved performance characteristics and enhanced production of nylon and filament polyester. During 2001, we closed and consolidated yarn mills to improve our cost structure. And, we invested in new equipment that has delivered cost and quality improvements.
4

 5
We are constantly finding new ways to use the assets of our manufacturing facilities to support various distribution chan- nels. Our aim is to increase specialization within each distribution channel and within our sales personnel so they can offer expertise that will help to enhance our customers’ businesses. We are striving for a more consultative relationship with our customers, providing more than simply products and services. As Mohawk continues to transition from a product strategy to a marketing strategy, it’s necessary for our sales force to have more in-depth understanding of opportunities to improve customer sales.
Product innovation As we moved forward, we expanded our product innovation and targeted merchandising to address consumer needs. Our focused approach enables customers to present products whose benefits appeal to consumers and increase their profit margins by selling value rather than price.
In our home products division, we assimilated the woven assets from Crown Crafts efficiently and ahead of schedule in 2001. Our goal was to cut the cost of this operation, turn it around and bring it up to Mohawk profit margins on the product categories we kept in the marketplace. We achieved that goal by restructuring manufacturing and sales and improving marketing for each product category. Along with the Crown Crafts assets, we gained a new distribution channel. This channel, with the product line marketed as Goodwin Weavers, gives Mohawk access to the gift and novelty categories.
Our commercial business focused on national accounts, including major corporate buyers, to help them meet their business needs in specifying our products. We continued to reduce the complexity of our manufacturing as we restructured our commercial lines and improved styling. The results were significantly shorter delivery times and enhanced customer service.
Mohawk has become a leading padding manufacturer and distributor. To support this business, we made investments in manufacturing to provide better quality products while controlling service levels. We believe this is a growth category for Mohawk because it complements our carpet products so well.
By expanding and improving in all major hard surface product lines, we became a total flooring supplier. During 2001, we built the infrastructure to support our hard surface products, putting in place strategies, systems and people and leveraging our distribution network and existing customer relationships.
Synergistic combination As the fourth quarter drew to a close, we announced a merger with Dal-Tile International Inc., the largest manufacturer, distributor and marketer of ceramic tile in the United States. This merger, which was completed on March 20, 2002 with a combination of cash and Mohawk stock, gives us the opportunity to expand our hard surface business and become the leader in the ceramic tile market. Building on approximately $1 billion in existing annual sales through Dal-Tile’s distribution channels, Mohawk will offer the most comprehensive line of ceramic tile and stone products in the industry. Our companies are extremely complementary and our strategies are consistent. By working together to identify synergies, we will be able to increase shareholder value as one combined company.
On the horizon As we look to the future, we will carry on with our efforts to strengthen the Mohawk brand, the most widely recognized carpet brand. We will continue the process of making Mohawk the umbrella brand across all businesses, with each of our other brands used to differentiate one collection or retail distribution channel.
We plan to expand our current product categories to become a leading provider of flooring solutions. During the product expansion, we will invest in equipment and processes to improve productivity, reduce costs and provide high returns to investors.
Synergistic acquisitions remain part of Mohawk’s vision, and we will continue to look for them with an eye toward their contribution to cost-effective manufacturing and ultimately, return on shareholder investment.
We plan to maintain our focus on North American markets, leveraging our distribution assets to provide greater value for customers. We will foster the practice of our people working together across business functions to achieve a unified, customer-focused culture.
We expect the economy to pick up in 2002. New purchases, previously postponed by consumers and corporations, should have a significant positive impact on improving our business. As we move toward an expanding economy, Mohawk is well positioned for growth with the right people, facilities, products and distribution. In fact, Mohawk today enjoys the strongest financial, operational and marketing position since its inception. We look forward to the opportunities that will unfold in the future.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum President and Chief Executive Officer
