 ...Then, we have something in common.
As fellow shareholders, we maintain an interest in how the Company capitalizes on its leading market position to create and grow value. Over the past twelve months, a difficult industry environment has often made it hard to see this dynamic at work. Yet, it is precisely this type of environment that illustrates how effective our strate- gies have been in recent years – namely, a dramatic diversification of our business into new product categories, customer markets and geographies, as well as developing greater vertical integration in each of our major businesses. Because of our success in imple- menting these initiatives and executing a prudent operational plan, I am pleased to report that while 2006 was a challenging year for Mohawk, it also was a good year.
   
 The U.S. flooring industry enjoyed a solid first half of 2006, despite higher energy and raw material costs, most of which manufacturers passed through as price increases. However, the U.S. flooring industry was impacted by slowed residential new housing construction and residential existing housing sales in the second half of 2006. This second half trend was offset by increased corporate and government spending which supported the commercial flooring market.
Given this challenging macroeconomic environment, Mohawk still posted solid growth in revenues and earnings. Net sales rose 19 percent to $7.9 billion, due to last year’s acquisition of Unilin (which represented 81 percent of net sales growth), inter- nal hard surface growth and price increases. Diluted earnings per share were $6.70 compared to $5.72 in 2005, a 17 percent increase. Additionally, the Company generated $782 million in operating cash flow, which was directed toward investment ini- tiatives and debt reduction. The Company repaid $602 million of debt during the year, improving our debt-to-capitalization ratio and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio.
Financial performances within our three business segments were generally solid, given the year’s economic conditions. The Mohawk segment was most affected, due to continuing pres- sures in the carpet category, primarily from high raw material costs and slowing demand in the residential market.
The slowdown in new residential construction impacted Dal-Tile’s business in the second half, but the investments we have made in this business in recent years continued to benefit us. Dal-Tile rev- enues grew 12 percent in 2006. Unilin, our new laminate division, performed well. After a slow start in the U.S. laminate products, which resulted from inventory adjustments by our distributors, the business finished the year with significant improvement over 2005 sales. The European economy was strong during the year, positively affecting those areas of our business in Europe. In addition, we received a favorable ruling from the International Trade Commission, strengthening our patents in the laminate business. All this combined for very strong operating results in our Unilin segment.
The Value of Forward Thinking
If there is a takeaway from our experiences in 2006, it is the value of a forward-looking strategy and a commitment to make the investments necessary to implement it. We must always anticipate the next change and constantly position the Company to navigate successfully through negative periods and to capital- ize fully on the positive ones.
While our short-term visibility regarding the end of this current downturn is somewhat limited, our long-term vision is very clear. Population and demographic trends point to sustained growth in the U.S. flooring market over the next decade. These and other trends support a bullish future for Mohawk and one for which we are planning and investing carefully.
An Organization to Support Growth
In just five years, Mohawk has grown from $3.4 billion to $7.9 billion in revenues and diversified from a single dominant product cate- gory into three distinct lines of business. New organizational structures are essential to support this broader business and its continued expansion. The promotion of Chris Wellborn, for example, from Dal-Tile President to Chief Operating Officer brings an important level of senior management support to business integration issues and asset synergy opportunities. Over the past year, Unilin has built an organization to oversee North American expansion of its laminate product line. Within the Mohawk segment, we have built on the successful realignment of the residential and commercial business units in 2005. We further segregated sales and operations between soft and hard surfaces to allow for a better focus on customer needs. These changes are resulting in a more streamlined organization, in which internal operations are more focused and closer to their end-market users. The goal, as always, is to make it easy for our more than 30,000 customers to do business with Mohawk.
Capital Investment for Future Growth
In 2006, we invested approximately $166 million in capital expenditures to maintain our equipment and support growth ini- tiatives. Highlights included dramatic expansion of manufacturing capacity for Dal-Tile and Unilin in North America. These investments support present and future demand, as well as enhance cus- tomer service and logistics support. We also continue to upgrade Dal-Tile’s sales service centers, which have been a major force behind the division’s share gains in the residential market in recent
2 Mohawk Industries 2006 Annual Report

 years. Within our carpet division, additional extrusion, dyeing and carpet backing capacity have improved costs and provided greater manufacturing flexibility. Additionally, newly installed technology has enhanced carpet tile production, which is outpacing broad- loom carpet growth in the commercial market. From capacity expansion to marketing enhancements, all of our investments underscore the competitive advantages of improved control of our supply chain and our greater agility in the marketplace.
Channel-Focused Market Strategies
The ability to participate across all distribution channels and price points within a category helps to drive a more diversified and robust business model. Today, Mohawk arguably has the broadest portfolio of flooring brands in the world. Our challenge is to ensure that well-crafted marketing strategies are in place that properly focus our brands on their respective target customer bases.
As a new segment of Mohawk, Unilin has been engaged on two marketing fronts in the specialty retail channel in the United States. First, Unilin continues to expand its Quick-Step® brand, a market leader in Europe, into specialty retail stores across North America. Second, the introduction of a Mohawk laminate brand, manufac- tured by Unilin rather than sourced from a third party, has been a significant undertaking. This new Mohawk product shifts the brand focus from primarily price to value-added style and design. It also provides an enhanced product line under the highly-regarded Mohawk brand for our well-established network of specialty retailers. An additional growth opportunity is in the home center channel. The home centers offer an interesting growth opportunity because of the “do-it-yourself” nature of the laminate category. Unilin’s strength in the European laminate market benefited Mohawk this year as that economy continued to grow. The European presence provides a balance to the U.S. market’s cyclical changes and helped to offset some of the slowing in the U.S. As an original innovator of laminate flooring, Unilin’s assets also include many patented technologies. The strength of the patent portfolio is evidenced by successful rulings in 2006 and by numerous new companies introducing our technologies in their products.
Many of the strategies that we are employing at Unilin are based on our successful acquisition of Dal-Tile in 2002. Broader product lines, higher levels of service and new marketing strategies have resulted in a compound annual average growth rate of 14 percent for Dal-Tile over the past four years. During this time, Dal-Tile has dramatically expanded its share of the residential market and has
developed a leading position in the stone category. As the largest supplier of tile in North America, we expect Dal-Tile to continue to outpace category growth.
Though much of Mohawk’s growth in recent years has come from hard-surface flooring, carpet still comprises a large portion of consolidated sales. While the soft surface category recently has faced a challenging environment, we find several encouraging trends in our carpet business. A market shift from Olefin and staple nylon to filament nylon and polyester is underway. As the world’s largest producer of staple polyester from recycled soda bottles, Mohawk is well positioned to benefit from the improved value proposition that polyester products offer. Our new SmartStrandTM filament polyester provides superior product performance with permanent stain resistance.
Our growth in the commercial carpet arena has been another important source of revenue diversification for Mohawk in recent years. Commercial carpet sales, along with Dal-Tile’s commer- cial sales force, also is offering expanded services to national accounts, so that we can better satisfy their total needs for any project. Our goal is to move from “supplier” to “partner” with this important customer channel.
Managing for the Short-Term, Planning for the Long-Term
In many respects, 2006 was no different than any other year for Mohawk. Throughout the Company, we have kept one eye on managing the here and now and the other eye focused on the next opportunity. This is why we have a proven record of solid performance through changing business cycles. This is why we are well positioned to gain ground when the market rebounds. This is why we are confident that Mohawk has many opportunities to realize in the years ahead. If you are a shareholder of Mohawk, this is what you can, and should, expect from us.
Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 26, 2007
 Mohawk Industries 2006 Annual Report 3
