To Ou r Shar eholders, C l ients, Members, an d Employees:

" Medco's strategy resonates for a powerful reason: We're improving clinical outcomes, driving down costs, and innovating like no other company in healthcare."

David B. Snow, Jr.
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Unbridled innovation Clinical excellence Unparalleled savings Forging new frontiers in pharmacy care Without question, and by every measure, 2007 represented a breakthrough year for Medco. Accelerating our disciplined execution based on strategic business-growth drivers that are transforming both our industry and the practice of pharmacy, Medco is building value for clients and members, while setting new standards for clinical care and pharmacy benefit administration.

Amid an historic wave of generic introductions and with an emphasis on leveraging mail order as the most cost-efficient and safest channel of prescription dispensing and distribution, Medco's 2007 operational performance established a series of records:  Record revenues: $44.5 billion, a 4.6 percent increase over 2006  Record net income: $912 million, up 24.9 percent, excluding the 2006 legal settlements charge  Record GAAP diluted EPS: $1.63 on a post-split basis; $1.82 on a post-split basis, excluding the intangible asset amortization from our 2003 spin-off  Record EBITDA per adjusted prescription1: $2.67, up 19.2 percent, excluding the 2006 legal settlements charge  Record cash flow from operations: $1.4 billion, up 10.2 percent  Record mail-order prescription volume: 94.8 million, an increase of 6.5 percent  Record generic dispensing rate: 59.7 percent, up 4.5 percentage points  Record-low drug trend: 2 percent, reflecting $2.5 billion in generic savings for Medco clients and members

1



See footnote (b) on the previous page.

2. Medco H ealth Solutions, I nc.

=[d[h_Y:_if[di_d]HWj[
F;H9;DJE<HNi

CW_bHn=hemj^
KD7:@KIJ;:HNi?DC?BB?EDI

If[Y_WbjoF^WhcWYoH[l[dk[
?D8?BB?EDIE<:EBB7HI

/*$. .-$.-$) ./$&

+/$+'$+ *,$) )$, ($, ++$( +$*

,$&

(&&*

(&&+

(&&,

(&&-

(&&*

(&&+

(&&,

(&&-

(&&*

(&&+

(&&,

(&&-

We developed the world's most advanced pharmacyTM to help improve patient outcomes and lower total healthcare costs for clients. Medco's strategy resonated in the marketplace, allowing us to deliver nearly 35 percent GAAP diluted earnings per share growth in 2007, excluding the 2006 legal settlements charge, with a commitment to grow by at least 27 percent in 2008. Medco shareholders were rewarded with a full-year 2007 share-price increase of 89.8 percent--16 times the growth of the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Averages. This enabled us to move forward with a twofor-one stock split in January 2008, an indication of our continuing confidence in our prospects moving forward. During the year, we won--and won back--a series of major accounts for 2008, including the State of New York and the Federal Employees Program--which add 4.6 million new Medco members, representing annualized revenue of more than $3.7 billion and an incremental 13 million mail-order prescriptions.

to focus on the specialized treatment of patients with chronic and complex conditions--patients who account for more than 96 percent of all drug spending. More than 1,100 of our pharmacists have been trained and credentialed to provide disease-specific pharmacy guidance and care coordination for patients who suffer multiple morbidities treated by multiple physicians who may have prescribed--often in isolation--multiple therapies. As the new standard for pharmacy care that also helps drive lower overall healthcare costs, TRCs complement traditional retail pharmacies, which deliver acute care, and account for less than 4 percent of overall drug spending. Medco's TRCs are central to a comprehensive healthcare strategy that transcends the traditional limitations of pharmacy. They serve as a clinical platform driving excellence in disease-specific care to improve the health of Medco's members; a service platform on which to build new solutions that create additional value for Medco's clients; and a marketing platform providing meaningful differentiation--helping Medco more effectively compete to win and retain business. Optimized for

Clinical Excellence as a Platform for Progress
Our Medco Therapeutic Resource Centers® (TRCs), which became fully operational in August 2007, represent much more than a better way to practice pharmacy. They establish an expansible and transformational clinical and service-delivery paradigm that allows Medco

3. Medco H ealth Solutions, I nc.

Medco's patients using our mail-order pharmacies, this service and expertise are available to all of our members--even those utilizing the retail channel. The TRC platform enables Medco to uniquely address the disease categories that are the principal cost drivers and require the most aggressive management. Through a "build, buy, and partner" strategy, we are enhancing our clinical portfolio with value-added services and solutions to meet the specific needs of specialized patient populations. For instance, our 2007 acquisition of PolyMedica, the nation's leading direct-to-consumer mail-order Rxs provider of diabetesdeliver the right care services through its medicine to the Liberty brand, establishes right doorstep. a comprehensive portfolio of diabetes treatment services--ranging from medicines and testing supplies to clinical counseling. Integrated with our TRCs for diabetes care, we now serve nearly 4 million patients-- the largest practice for diabetes care in America.

Concurrently, a gene-testing project with LabCorp ensures that women recovering from breast cancer aren't prescribed a medicine that their body is unable to metabolize--a situation that places them at risk for a potentially fatal relapse at a time when their physicians could have been offering a more effective treatment. In each case, an investment of a few hundred dollars for a genetic test that is as simple as a self-administered cheek swab can avoid the human tragedy of strokes, bleeds, and recurrent breast cancer--and the cost of hospitalization that unnecessarily drains financial resources from our healthcare system. Our TRC platform enables disease-specific treatment today and ushers in a new era of personalized pharmacy. It's a model that can't be replicated at retail, is not matched by our competitors, and is creating a brandable difference in the marketplace.

95M

Engaged and Educated
As a complement to our clinical leadership, Medco is executing on a broad-based strategy to engage members in becoming educated healthcare consumers--acting out of self-interest as the primary stakeholders in their care and increasing their responsibility for the cost of that care. Our "360-degree" strategy is designed to leverage multiple and continuous touchpoints that are integrated across Medco's in brand-name drugs programs, channels, and going off patent tools to create a reinforcing, from 2008­2015. end-to-end "discussion" with the member. From the Web and direct mail to our customer service representatives, healthcare coaches, and TRC pharmacists, each member contact is efficient and coordinated.

In addition, the 2007 acquisition of Critical Care Systems by our Accredo specialty pharmacy business expands our nationwide capabilities for in-home and suite-based infusion services--addressing the current needs in specialty pharmacy and anticipating the future demand from the extensive pipeline of infused-therapy medicines currently awaiting FDA approval. Today, as we focus on treating patients at the diseasespecific level, Medco has also embarked on a series of forward-reaching clinical collaborations that will allow us to personalize the practice of medicine through the science of pharmacogenomics--tailoring therapies to individuals at the genetic level. Medco's work with the Mayo Clinic documents the effectiveness of genetic testing to customize for each patient the proper dosing of warfarin--a widely used blood thinner that is a leading cause of prescription drug-related emergency room visits and related deaths due to imprecise dosing and frequent adjustments.

$91B

Regardless of the member's entry point, Medco's systems, benefit advisors, clinicians, and pharmacists offer a simplified, unified view of that member's opportunities, issues, and actions. Each contact becomes a "teachable moment" during which members are presented with the right information to make decisions

Global Reports LLC

4. Medco H ealth Solutions, I nc.

that optimize their pharmacy benefit--improving health, instilling loyalty, lowering costs, and maximizing the Medco value-add for clients--creating a differentiator that defies commoditization.

Focused on Strategic Execution
Together, our clinical and member-engagement initiatives create the integration and delivery vehicles that leverage these additional business-growth drivers.
Ge n e r ics : We will continue to drive generic dispensing

rates higher as we realize the full-year value of the $14.7 billion in 2007 generic introductions and welcome the $9.6 billion generic opportunity expected in 2008 as part of the $91 billion in branded medicines that face patent expirations from 2008 through 2015.
M a i l o r de r : Our new 2008 client wins have an average 63 percent mail-order penetration rate, contributing to higher mail-order prescription volume. S peci a l t y P h a r m a c y : Our 2005 acquisition of

With much enthusiasm and optimism, Medco this year launched its most aggressive directto-consumer marketing campaign--the "Tour of of total drug Champions"--featuring spending in the U.S. six Olympic gold-medalists who now have Medco's specialist pharmacists on their team as they deal with many of the same chronic conditions faced by millions of our members. As these athletes tour the country to discuss the importance of nutrition, exercise, and pharmacy care in maintaining good health, their message is clear: Americans don't need a gold medal to receive the gold-standard in care. They only need Medco.

96%

Chronic and complex drugs account for

Accredo as the core of our specialty offering continues to contribute higher-margin returns in the fastestgrowing sector of pharmacy care.
S o l u t i o n s f o r se n i o r s : Our proven and extensible

Medicare platform provides a range of opportunities for employer clients to manage their retiree and senior populations--and serves as a turnkey solution for health plans and a growth driver of direct enrollment through the Medco Medicare Prescription Drug Plan.
New B usi n ess a n d Re n ew a l s : Our momentum in the marketplace has generated over $5 billion in annual new-name drug spending for 2008, and we already entered 2008 with the vast majority of 2008 business renewed.

We were recently honored to learn that Fortune magazine, based on a nationwide survey that included business leaders from hundreds of organizations, rated Medco the single most admired company in the category of Healthcare: Pharmacy and Other Services, and among the top three companies across all industries for Innovation and Quality of Products and Services. We were also second only to the legendary Berkshire Hathaway in the category of Most Admired--Long-Term Investment. We have created the world's most advanced pharmacy and the first full-service and specialized pharmacy practice to deliver superior clinical solutions for members with chronic and complex conditions. Our focus remains on delivering superior clinical and financial outcomes, our progress is as real as our results, and our future holds considerable opportunity. Together, with our unmatched innovation, Medco remains at the head of our industry and at the heart of health.

Medco's organic growth opportunity in 2008 and beyond is vast. To accommodate our accelerating growth in mail-order pharmacy, Medco selected Whitestown, Indiana, as the location for the construction of our third automated dispensing pharmacy and research center for personalized medicine. It is even larger and more advanced than our existing facilities and shares with all Medco call centers and pharmacies our patented technologies and committed people.

Sincerely,

David B. Snow, Jr.
C h a i r ma n a n d C hief Executive Office r

Global Reports LLC

