to our

SHAREHOLDERS, C U S T O M E R S , and E M P L O Y E E S :

DAVID B. SNOW, JR., CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

August 19, 2003 marked a defining moment in the successful 20-year history of Medco Health Solutions, Inc. On that day, we rang the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange--where more than 270 million shares of Medco stock were distributed to Merck & Co., Inc., shareholders in a 100 percent
spin-off transaction. Medco became the largest domestic corporate spin-off in more than 3 years, the newest member of the S&P 500 and Fortune 500, and--based upon our 2003 net revenues of $34 billion--America's leading independent manager of prescription benefit plans. In little more than 4 months as a newly public company, we've made significant strides in building shareholder value. During the year, we managed 532 million prescriptions. That includes 78 million prescriptions in our mail order pharmacies--more than the mail order total of our three largest competitors combined. In fact, our $11.3 billion mail order business makes Medco one of the largest pharmacy operations in the country and, we believe, the safest and most efficient. We continue to deliver value to both our customers and shareholders by simultaneously lowering the rate of growth of our customers' drug expenditures and delivering significant growth in net income. Through increases in generic dispensing rates, high mail order penetration, and further gains in efficiencies from automation and technology, gross margins for the full year reached 4.4 percent, up from 3.9 percent in 2002, and net income grew 18 percent to $425.8 million. The Company generated cash from operations of over $1.1 billion and Earnings Before Interest Income/Expense, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization (EBITDA) of $1.0 billion. In short, it was a strong performance in 2003. And, already in 2004, we have renewed $15 billion of business, including UnitedHealth Group, which represents more than $7 billion in estimated 2004 net revenues, as well as the Commonwealth of Virginia. THE MEDCO DIFFERENCE. On the day our stock began trading, I pledged that Medco would have but one focus: the relentless pursuit of world-class status in the eyes of our customers. Attaining this level of performance requires that we deliver administrative, clinical, and financial experience that is second to none in our industry. The evidence is clear that, as we deliver on this promise to our customers and to our customers' customers, we will also deliver success to our company and our shareholders. There is ample evidence from some of the country 's most influential and respected independent organizations that worldclass status is within our reach: · In January 2003, a significant study issued by the government's General Accounting Office (GAO) concluded that three of the PBMs providing services to federal employees lowered drug costs by 27 to 53 percent, on average for drugs in their selection, through their mail order pharmacies. Medco was one of the three PBMs cited in the GAO report.

M E D C O H E A LT H S O L U T I O N S , I N C . 3

" IN CLIENT REQUESTS FOR ADDITIONAL TRANSPARENCY OF REBATES -- CONSULTANTS AGREE THAT MEDCO HAS the most transparent
contracts in 2004 in all regards. " power that is difficult to match."
­ Lisa Gill, Vice President and Senior Research Analyst, JP Morgan

" IN AN INDUSTRY WHERE SCALE IS IMPORTANT, MEDCO HAS purchasing
­ Eric Veiel, CFA, Senior Research Analyst, Wachovia Securities

· In September, Medco, for the third straight year, was rated the number one PBM for customer satisfaction and the number one mail order pharmacy in the Wilson Rx Pharmacy Benefit Satisfaction Report. Four consecutive times, Medco also earned the highest ranking in overall customer satisfaction with prescription drug benefits and services from J.D. Power and Associates*--both achievements unprecedented and unrivaled in the industry. · And in December, Medco's network of mail order pharmacies achieved a perfect score of 100 from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations -- a leading independent standards-setting and accrediting body in healthcare, placing Medco in the highest 5 percent of organizations reviewed. With the independent recognition that we have received, many might conclude we have achieved world-class status already. But we see significant opportunity to take Medco to an even higher level of performance. OUR INVESTMENTS DRIVE THE MEDCO DIFFERENCE. We have made investments in our future that deliver proprietary, competitive advantages for Medco. These investments form the foundation for the delivery of a unique service experience to our customers that distinguishes Medco from its competitors. These strategic investments include two automated dispensing pharmacies, each capable of delivering more than 1 million prescriptions per week. Our proprietary automated pharmacies are widely regarded as the most efficient ever designed and so advanced that we have been granted or have pending 35 U.S. patents on various technologies. Our customer service facilities * J.D.


handle more than 2 million member contacts a week--all in an environment embracing a Six Sigma® quality discipline that enables us to achieve continuous improvement for all of our critical business processes. We have built one of the nation's largest Internet pharmacies, handling 13.8 million prescriptions, representing nearly $2 billion in drug spend during 2003. In addition, the percentage of refills and renewals ordered using our interactive voice response technology and the Internet increased to 57 percent compared with 50 percent in 2002. We have also deployed companywide reliability and change management programs that will drive excellence in execution across our operations, reducing our time to market with new capabilities and increasing our ability to implement error-free updates and customer solutions to our systems. Medco currently has manufacturer rebate agreements in place with approximately 80 brand-name drug manufacturers, as well as discount arrangements with virtually all of the U.S. retail pharmacies, and we are one of the largest purchasers of generic drugs in the United States. Our tremendous scale, combined with our many clinical programs, enabled us to keep the aggregated median drug trend for all of our customers combined at 9.6 percent in 2003--below the national average. OUR STRATEGY FOR CONTINUED GROWTH AND PROFITABILITY. As we move into 2004, our fi rst full year as a stand-alone company, we see opportunity for growth. We are transitioning our customer sales and service organization into four market-facing groups that will have accountability for taking client relationships to a level of strategic relevance that we refer to as "customer-intimate." These groups focus on the

POWER AND ASSOCIATES 2002 PHARMACY BENEFIT REPORT SM. REPORT BASED ON RESPONSES FROM 16,312 MANAGED CARE CONSUMERS IN 16 OF THE TOP U.S. MARKETS. WWW.JDPOWER.COM . SIX SIGMA IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK AND SERVICE MARK OF MOTOROLA, INC.

unique needs of clients from our largest to our smallest, and include Health Plans, National Accounts, Key Accounts (UnitedHealth Group, Labor, and Government), and Systemed (small and middle markets). To the extent that knowledge is power, we are building powerful proprietary technology tools that will enable clients to better monitor and manage their prescription drug programs. Our account teams are now able to use our enormous data capabilities in the field to consult with clients and provide solutions that are tailored to their needs. Customer intimacy cannot become a reality without a high degree of trust among partners. That is why we are leading our industry in developing practices that enhance the fi nancial transparency of our operations. As our clients become more aggressive in reducing their drug trend, they are leveraging our strongest core capabilities--mail order service and the generic interchange program. Both represent the ideal alignment of interests--members receive highquality care, clients enjoy significant savings, and Medco earns incremental margin. This margin growth opportunity is important to understand given the fact that brand-name drugs with aggregate sales volume of $38 billion are scheduled to go off patent with generic availability over the next 4 years. Additionally, in 2004, as new and expensive biotech drugs continue to stream through the pipeline, we will continue to invest in our specialty pharmacy, where we are well positioned in the market. Specialty drugs were included in virtually every request for

proposal on which we bid in 2003, and, among those contracts that we have won, 95 percent included managing specialty pharmacy. The landmark legislation to modernize Medicare with a prescription drug bene fi t enables Medco to extend the marketbased tools that have so effectively managed drug spending in the private sector to assist America's seniors. Medicare represents a new $530 billion market oppor tunity over the next 10 years, and we look forward to actively participating. We believe that Medicare reform is good public policy for America and a strong business opportunity for Medco. MORE THAN A BUSINESS --IT 'S OUR CALLING. We begin 2004 with confidence, experience, and enthusiasm. While our challenge is great, we are constrained neither by opportunity nor capability. Ensuring that millions of Americans have access to affordable, high-quality prescription healthcare is more than our business--it's our calling. And every day, our 13,000 employees are guided by the pledge we made on our fi rst day as a newly public company: to lead our industry with a passion for quality and excellence, to serve our customers with the integrity of a trusted advisor, to provide our members with the highest quality care, and--by delivering on our customer commitments--to build enduring value for our shareholders. I invite you to carefully review our annual report, which chronicles many of the ways Medco is providing customers with Extra-Strength SolutionsTM.*

Sincerely,

David B. Snow, Jr.
Chairman, President, & Chief Executive Officer

* EXTRA-STRENGTH SOLUTIONS IS A TRADEMARK OF MEDCO HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.

M E D C O H E A LT H S O L U T I O N S , I N C . 5

