TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, CLIENTS AND EMPLOYEES: for medco, 2004 marked our first full year as a newly independent, publicly traded company. it was a year that began with an awareness that we had much to prove to all of our stakeholders, and ended with positive momentum propelled by sound strategy, a reenergized workforce and new approaches to solving the complex issues facing our clients. Our long-term strategy is straightforward ­ delivering three layers of value: · A foundation of operational excellence and financial discipline embodied in a clientfirst commitment to reliability, stability, service and trust. · An innovation overlay combining technology and clinical expertise into marketfocused solutions to help our clients manage and maintain a sustainable, accessible and affordable pharmacy benefit. · An aspiration layer that will empower clients and members with a suite of knowledge services that shape a new standard of excellence and define Medco as the PBM industry's brand of choice. I am pleased to report that our organization executed well against our strategy. We have closed this year with financial, operational and marketplace momentum. strong foundation; solid results As a new public company, our efforts in 2004 were guided by priorities that established a strong foundation ­ asserting our independence, delivering reliable financial performance and, most importantly, achieving for our clients service standards that match our member service, which is recognized as industry leading. For the year, we earned $481.6 million in net income on revenue of $35.4 billion. Diluted earnings per share of $1.75 in 2004 reflected an increase of 11.5 percent from 2003. Gross margins in 2004 increased to 4.9 percent from 4.4 percent in 2003. Our strong performance in the year generated cash from operations of over $700 million, and we ended the year with more than $1 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Medco's mail-order pharmacies, widely regarded as the most sophisticated in our industry, filled a record 88 million prescriptions in 2004, more than the combined total of our two largest competitors, and with a documented dispensing accuracy 23 times higher than a benchmark study of retail community pharmacies. Our Internet pharmacy, medco.comTM, processed more than 17 million prescription orders in 2004 and now handles nearly half of all customer service transactions across the enterprise. Medco's generic dispensing rate increased 2.5 points to 46.3 percent and, combined with increased use of our mail-order services, provided a convergence of interests that delivers significant cost reduction for our clients, high-quality therapy and service for members, and greater profitability for Medco.
David B. Snow, Jr.
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

solid foundation Medco has built a strong foundation of operational excellence and financial discipline, embodied in a client-first commitment to reliability, stability, service and trust. The foundation was centered upon a 2004 reorganization, which enabled a client-focused culture and operations designed to serve the needs of a diverse and demanding client base. Our commitment to providing world-class reliability and service delivery to our clients is the cornerstone of our pursuit of long-term performance and solid results.

1

Increased Profitability

4.9%
4.4% 3.9%
46.3%

4.4%

2001

2002

2003

2004

GROSS MARGIN % GENERIC UTILIZATION % ADJUSTED MAIL Rxs AS A % OF TOTAL ADJUSTED Rxs

This year also marked a period during which Medco overcame a series of challenges ­ fighting back both in the court of public opinion and in the court of law, resolving significant legal issues in a manner that elevated Medco's businesses and financial practices. As a testament to this, in March of 2005, Medco was the highest-ranked PBM in its inaugural appearance on Fortune magazine's "America's Most Admired Companies" list. To reassert market leadership, we took a bold step and invested our company's financial and intellectual capital in transforming our organization, from top to bottom, shifting our priorities and breaking down barriers to ensure that our people and our resources were focused on our clients. Literally turning Medco inside out, we reorganized into four clientfacing, industry-specific groups, honoring that each of our clients ­ from unions and health plans, to government and private employers, large and small ­ has distinct challenges and requirements. To support our clients, Medco developed a world-class software staging environment, a rigorous change management initiative and a corporatewide reliability process that reduced software release-related defects affecting clients by more than 96 percent when comparing how we exited 2004 versus 2003, and enabled the reallocation of resources to expedite customized software development. innovation delivers the brandable difference As we solidified the foundation, our organization focused on innovation ­ developing proprietary technology tools to create a brandable difference that delivers immediate value to our clients and members, and builds enduring value for our employees and shareholders. Medco has today formed the central core for offering knowledge management services that empower clients with the unique ability to proactively model, manage and optimize their benefit plans with speed, ease and confidence. These tools, such as the Client Solution Centers, EXPERxT AdvisorTM and RationalMed® , have the potential to redefine the benchmark for client relationships in the PBM industry. Medco also extended industry-leading innovation in its client-centric approach to specialty pharmacy and Medicare ­ areas where Medco's technology, scale, service and skill are again brought together to meet the challenge of delivering higher quality care at lower total cost. Medco enters 2005 with close to 30 million members eligible to participate in its specialty pharmacy program ­ a near sevenfold increase from the end of 2003. On Feb. 23, 2005, we announced our proposed acquisition of Accredo Health, Incorporated. Together, we intend to establish the nation's largest provider of specialty pharmacy products and services in one of the most dynamic and fastest-growing sectors of prescription healthcare for the benefit of our clients and their members. We expect this transaction to close in mid-year, subject to approval by Accredo shareholders and customary regulatory review. Medco ended 2004 with nearly one million members enrolled in Medco-administered Medicare discount drug card programs, a leading choice for America's seniors. Medco is now working with health plan partners and employer clients on innovative solutions for delivering the promise of the 2006 Medicare Part D benefit to provide more traditional pharmacy benefits covering an estimated 40 million Medicare enrollees. Similar to our strategy in meeting client-specific needs with industry-focused account teams, we are developing a clinical strategy to meet patient-specific needs with clinically
2

38.5%

40.5%

43.8%

32.6%

innovation Innovation and thought leadership define Medco's brandable difference. We're redefining the role of the PBM in the marketplace, and placing unprecedented value on becoming a trusted advisor to our clients. By combining technology and clinical expertise into marketfocused solutions, we help our clients manage and maintain a sustainable, accessible and affordable pharmacy benefit. Every day, Medco helps our clients meet their objectives and ensure the best-quality care for their members with world-class service and delivery.

34.4%

34.0%

38.8%

focused pharmacy teams. We strive to achieve higher standards for patient care, greater compliance and, most importantly, better outcomes. As technology continues to transform healthcare for physicians, pharmacists, clients and patients, Medco remains committed to pioneering this unrealized potential. Medco answered more than 1 million patient-specific information requests through RxHub LLC* . The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services have selected RxHub as the initial technology protocol standard for the electronic transmission of formulary and medication history information, validating our investment in RxHub's open architecture. aspiring to a higher standard Executing on our strategy, we developed a firm foundation for operational excellence, reorganized our approach to the market for optimal effectiveness and delivered innovative solutions as a catalyst for growth. We now aspire to become the first brand of choice in the PBM industry and, in 2004, there was ample evidence that we are moving rapidly in the right direction. We delivered higher standards in clinical care. A series of independent third-party authorities further validated the effectiveness and quality of our pharmacy operations as Medco became the first PBM to win Wilson Rx awards for overall member satisfaction for four consecutive years. We achieved a perfect score from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO) ­ a testament to our commitment to healthcare excellence and leadership through quality ­ and we were also awarded JCAHO's prestigious Ernest A. Codman Award® for reengineering pharmacy processes to significantly reduce medication dispensing errors and improve patient safety. We delivered higher standards for cost containment. We helped our clients contain their average drug trend to 8.5 percent, a near 50 percent reduction from just five years ago. Many clients who took advantage of our most comprehensive programs achieved an absolute year-over-year reduction in their overall drug spending, a testament to our partnership in delivering a disciplined approach to managing the cost of high-quality care. We delivered higher standards in business operations. Our client-first initiatives were largely responsible for raising scores on satisfaction surveys by 20 percent. By year-end we had renewed a record $21 billion in business in 2004 and more than $2.2 billion in newnamed sales for 2005. For clients, for patients, for employees and for shareholders, delivering on a higher standard defines who we are and what we do. From our high-tech knowledge services platform to our high-touch Special Care Pharmacy, every day Medco is delivering on a commitment to contain healthcare costs without sacrificing healthcare quality and patient care. I invite you to turn the page as we share in greater detail the ways in which Medco delivers. Sincerely,

brand of choice We aspire to become an indispensable asset to our clients through partnership, problem solving, transparency and innovation. Our goal is to empower clients and members with a suite of knowledge services that shape a new standard of excellence and define Medco as the PBM industry's brand of choice in the minds of our clients, members and employees.

* RxHub LLC is a healthcare technology joint venture, in which Medco has an equity interest, that has developed a nationwide electronic information exchange connecting prescribers, pharmacies and pharmacy benefit managers in order to permit the sharing of prescription and benefit information between them.

David B. Snow, Jr.
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

3

