M E D C O H E A LT H S O L U T I O N S , I N C .

TO O U R S H A R E H O L D E R S, C L I E N TS, M E M B E R S, A N D E M P LOYE E S

More than five years ago, when Medco became an independent, publicly traded company, we recognized the unsustainable burden created by annual double-digit increases in health care costs. As a result, we forged a business strategy, supported by nearly $1 billion in investments, that was designed to transform Medco into a clinically driven, advanced solutions company with the ability to improve member health and significantly reduce client costs. In addition to producing differentiated value for Medco, this also provides a catalyst for health care reform in America at a time when policymakers are addressing critical issues of access, coverage, and affordability. The actions we took several years ago created the portfolio of solutions that today drives our success and provides much needed relief for our clients and the beneficiaries they serve. As clients and members find themselves stressed by a weak economy, these solutions are needed, and embraced, now more than ever before.

Combined with our benefit management tools and memberadvocacy initiatives, we have created a compelling architecture that draws patients to the value provided by mail order and generics, reducing drug trend to historically low levels. By automating our pharmacies for maximum efficiency, organizing our pharmacists for clinical effectiveness, and wiring every aspect of our operations to coordinate care, Medco is also leading the industry in providing clients a new level of transparency and accountability. We not only drive clinical improvements, we have the measurement disciplines in place to prove, and even guarantee, our performance. Through our Accredo Health Group, we have established the country's largest specialty pharmacy -- enabling our clients to effectively manage the accelerating demand for expensive biotech medicines, the fastest growing category in pharmacy care. Our suite of Medicare Part D solutions creates a powerful, yet flexible, platform for our health care and employer clients to address the rapidly evolving needs of the retiree population. And our burgeoning research and clinical programs in personalized medicine forge a bold new future in pharmacy.

In short, we have architected and implemented an innovative, clinically focused pharmacy that empowers the practice of precision medicine.
Today, more than 1,100 of our 2,600 pharmacists are specialists deployed across Medco Therapeutic Resource Centers®, where they provide disease-specific therapy management for patients with chronic and complex diseases. We have established a new, already proven, paradigm that efficiently identifies and closes clinical gaps in care -- demonstrating that investing in evidence-based, protocol-driven pharmacy is advancing better health and lowering costs. In building the world's most advanced pharmacy®, we deliver Six Sigma efficiency and unrivaled dispensing accuracy.

These achievements have not gone unnoticed. Among other accolades, Fortune magazine in 2009 named Medco one of the "World's Most Admired" corporations for breakthrough innovation -- and one of its "Best Stocks for 2009."
Medco's more than 20,000 employees, the progenitors of our success, are honored by this recognition. We are also deeply gratified by the trust placed in Medco by our clients, members, and shareholders.

1.

Global Reports LLC

M E D C O H E A LT H S O L U T I O N S , I N C .

SOUND STRATEGY YIELDS STRONG RESULTS
The strategy on which we embarked to earn the confidence and loyalty of our clients in good times, has become fundamentally critical in helping them to address the magnified clinical and cost challenges today, when times are tough. This is evidenced by our record-breaking sales success. In 2008, we achieved annualized new-named sales of more than $7 billion with a 98 percent retention rate for existing business. By early this year, we had already eclipsed the 2008 sales record, with combined annualized new-named sales for 2008 and 2009 exceeding $15 billion. Accredo revenues increased 32 percent in 2008, becoming an $8 billion business, with expected 2009 revenues of approximately $9 billion. As hundreds of new and costly specialty biotech drugs progress through the research pipeline, we expect a wellspring of opportunities to enhance our clinical and cost-savings capabilities so that these critical medicines remain affordable for payors and safe for patients. In the meantime, revenues associated with our Medicare prescription drug plan increased nearly 28 percent in 2008. For 2009, the number of seniors covered on an administrativeservices-only basis under our umbrella of Medicare solutions has tripled, largely due to our success in supporting health plan and employer clients. As we have grown Medco's top-line revenue to more than $51 billion, it is clear that aligning the interests of our clients and members has also served the interests of our company, translating into exceptional bottom-line performance. For 2008, GAAP diluted earnings per share increased nearly 31 percent. Even as the country's economic conditions generally deteriorated, in 2008 Medco delivered on a broad range of financial commitments, each representing a new Medco record. NEW FINANCIAL RECORDS FOR MEDCO IN 2008

$51.3B $2.13 105.8M

Revenues: $51.3 billion, a 15.2 percent increase over 2007 GAAP diluted EPS: $2.13, a 30.7 percent increase over 2007 Mail-order prescription volume: 105.8 million, an 11.6 percent increase over 2007; adjusted mail-order penetration of 39.7 percent, a 1.8 percentage point increase over 2007 Generic dispensing rate: 64.1 percent, a 4.4 percentage point increase over 2007 Specialty pharmacy revenues: $8.0 billion, a 32.0 percent increase over 2007; operating income of $281.2 million, a 33.8 percent increase over 2007 EBITDA* per adjusted prescription: $3.09, an increase of 15.7 percent over 2007 Cash flow from operations: $1.6 billion, an increase of 19.6 percent over 2007

64.1 % $8.0B $3.09 $1.6B

* Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization

WE ARE OPTIMISTIC ABOUT OUR FUTURE
In an era of lowered expectations, Medco is still raising its standards of performance and focusing on a future rich in opportunity. Our clients and members continue to harvest savings through an ongoing wave of generics. Between 2008 and 2015, patents expire on branded medicines with nearly $100 billion in annual U.S. sales, which also provides incremental margin for Medco. With supportive government and regulatory leadership, generic versions of biotech medicines could reach the market by 2013, creating a $34 billion opportunity in this new market through 2017.
2.

The potential exists to double our mail-order business by converting the maintenance medicines used by members with chronic and complex conditions from traditional retail pharmacies to the clinically superior and more cost-effective mail channel. Those patients, who are best served through Medco Therapeutic Resource Centers, represent only 50 percent of the population, but account for 96 percent of all pharmacy spending and 75 percent of all medical (non-drug) costs. We are also planting seeds to extend our reach. Medco technologies and knowledge assets have the potential to play an important role as many other countries strain under the burden of escalating

Global Reports LLC

M E D C O H E A LT H S O L U T I O N S , I N C .

health care costs. Our recent majority-stake acquisition of Europa Apotheek Venlo, serving Germany and the Netherlands, and our partnership with the Swedish government to develop a national standard drug safety system, underscore our philosophy to invest prudently now to drive significant growth longer term. With today's emphasis on pharmacy care focused on drugs for general populations, we are preparing for a future that tailors our treatment regimens to individuals using information gathered at the personal genetic level. This is already having a far-reaching impact on the role of pharmacy in addressing the costs associated with chronic and complex conditions. It also furthers Medco's role as a trusted resource for evidence-based information intended to help guide the health care community in developing appropriate protocols -- particularly at a time when the pace of medical innovation continues to accelerate. As an example, Medco research recently revealed that a large number of patients commonly prescribed a certain class of heartburn medicines known as proton-pump inhibitors were likely counteracting the effects of the widely used anticlotting medicine Plavix®, elevating their risk for serious coronary events. In light of these results, and with other published research pointing to a genetic basis as another reason for potentially reducing the effectiveness of Plavix, the FDA issued an early communication urging physicians to reconsider prescribing these heartburn medicines in combination with Plavix. Our extensive collaborations with organizations such as the Mayo Clinic, Harvard University, Indiana University, the University of North Carolina, and other leading institutions are intended to add precision to the prescribing, dosing, and safety profile of prescription medicines.

Last September, I unveiled our blueprint for health care reform at the National Press Club in Washington -- a plan that could, over time, reduce per-capita health care costs by as much as 50 percent, freeing the resources to fund innovation and extend access to the uninsured. Through direct outreach with the new Administration and Congress, along with state-by-state coordination, we intend to offer our perspective in advancing better financial and clinical outcomes. This road map for health care reform is available for review at www.medco.com/media. We are encouraged by the Administration's interest in wiring health care, driving evidence-based protocols, creating a pathway for the approval of generic biotech medicines, empowering health care consumers with greater choice, and promoting prevention and wellness. Additionally, actions such as enhancing COBRA benefits and taking additional steps to support generic introductions are aligned with Medco's interests in providing immediate relief for payors and patients alike, as we pursue more systemic reforms that only a more efficient and effective health care system can fully deliver. To further the cause of protocol-driven precision medicine, we have committed to regularly publishing in peer-reviewed professional journals clinical results related to both our Therapeutic Resource Center innovations and our discoveries in personalized medicine (pharmacogenomics).

Medco is strong and our future is bright. We continue to grow through innovation and offer solutions that our clients embrace to address some of their most complex health care challenges -- ensuring that we can sustain affordable, high-quality care.
In developing the world's most advanced pharmacy, we have created a platform to transform pharmacy care -- and we are an innovative contributor in America's effort to reform health care.

PHARMACY INNOVATION: A FOUNDATION FOR HEALTH CARE REFORM
Medco recognizes its responsibility in helping to shape the nation's discourse with a campaign founded on ideas and innovation. With pharmacy as the first-line-of-defense in the treatment of nearly 90 percent of chronic and complex conditions, and with America's pharmacy system already wired, pharmacy care becomes a natural catalyst for comprehensive health care reform.

Sincerely,

David B. Snow, Jr. Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

3.

Global Reports LLC

