 To Our Shareholders
  M&I 2
Marshall & Ilsley Corporation ended the year 2005 as one of the top performing companies in the financial services industry. Positive annual results were fueled by strong loan growth, improved deposit growth, expansion of our wealth manage- ment businesses, exceptional credit quality, and revenue growth from Metavante Corporation.
At year-end, we had over $46 billion in assets.
During the past three years, we have grown,
not through the acquisition of other banks,
but through the consistent efforts of our bankers in all our regions. Since 2002, year-to-date average loans grew $11 billion, year-to-date average noninterest bearing deposits grew $1 billion, and trust assets under management grew by $6 billion. We built 14 new banking offices in 2005, ending the year with 195 offices in Wisconsin, 42 offices in Arizona, 14 offices in Minnesota, two offices
in Florida, seven offices in St. Louis, one office in Illinois, and one office in Las Vegas.
Although we remain committed to expanding and enhancing all our business lines in our home state of Wisconsin, our strategic decision to expand beyond our traditional footprint reflects our contin- ued commitment to identifying areas of high growth and determining how to best capitalize on the opportunities they present.
In November, we announced plans to acquire Gold Banc Corporation, a bank holding company with 31 Gold Bank offices in Kansas, Missouri, Florida, and Oklahoma.
Dennis Kuester
Chairman of the Board and CEO Marshall & Ilsley Corporation

 Mark Furlong
President
Marshall & Ilsley Corporation
Frank Martire
President and CEO Metavante Corporation
Gold Bank’s location in a fast-growing Midwestern market and its significant presence in Florida made it a perfect fit for our strategic plans in these regions. Gold Bank has developed a strong commercial and consumer base, which will be enhanced by M&I’s increased lending capacity and a full line of personal banking and wealth management services.
Our planned acquisition of St. Louis- based Trustcorp Financial, Inc., announced in December, will com- plement the Gold Banc announce- ment and will increase our market- share in St. Louis. The Trustcorp acquisition will double the number of locations in the region and pro- vide us with opportunities to build on the success of our Southwest Bank of St. Louis franchise.
We look forward to welcoming the many new customers and employees who will join us from these well- regarded institutions in the year ahead.
Expansion beyond traditional bricks- and-mortar facilities was equally significant. Our Financial Institutions Group played an important role in these efforts, facilitating the cross- selling of M&I’s services to financial
institutions nationwide. The success of this group clearly demonstrates the impact M&I’s Critical LinkagesTM approach can have on generating new business within our growing customer base.
M&I’s Wealth Management division also had a strong year. We success- fully integrated our wealth manage- ment services into the market served by Southwest Bank of St. Louis and created Cedar Street AdvisorsSM to deliver customized financial services for ultra-high-net-worth individuals. We also announced the acquisition of FirstTrust Indiana, enabling us to further expand our wealth manage- ment services.
Our Commercial Banking and Commercial Real Estate divisions benefited from consistent loan growth and an expanded regional presence throughout the M&I system.
Metavante Corporation strengthened its Financial Solutions and Payment Solutions groups through six acquisi- tions, further enhancing our ability to provide client solutions for regulatory compliance, document storage, and loan origination, as well as payment services for government payment processing and consumer health care,
including health savings accounts. Metavante’s strategic acquisitions, dedication to serving its customers, and commitment to offering excep- tional products and services have consistently contributed to the company’s growth. In October,
we celebrated an important mile- stone when Metavante Corporation surpassed $1 billion in revenue.
We applaud the dedication and efforts of Metavante’s employees nationwide who made this achieve- ment possible.
Marshall & Ilsley Corporation’s shareholders also benefited from our growth during the year, celebrating 33 consecutive years of increased dividends.
The new year brings with it many challenges, but we are committed to turning these challenges into opportunities for our customers, our employees, our shareholders, and the communities we serve.
  Dennis J. Kuester Chairman of the Board and CEO
Mark F. Furlong President
M&I 3
  