TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 2003 was a significant year for M&I, in terms of expansion, success across our business lines, and positive corporate earnings. Faced once again with an uncooperative economy, M&I maintained consistent growth despite challenges facing the banking industry. M&I stock increased 39.7 percent during the year, outperforming both the S&P 500 and our peers in the banking industry.
We ended the year with $34.4 billion in assets. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2003 was $2.38 per diluted share, or $544.1 million, as com- pared to $2.16 per diluted share, or $480.3 million, in 2002. Net income per share for 2003 increased 10.2 percent over 2002. Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2003, which excludes transition-related expenses associated with Metavante Corporation’s Paytrust acquisition, was $2.39 per diluted share, or $545.6 million, as compared to $2.18 per diluted share, or $484.5 million, in 2002. Operating income per share increased 9.6 percent in 2003 over 2002.
Throughout 2003, we experienced successes across the Corporation. Our mortgage company had another
record-breaking year, experiencing high volume for the second year in a row, and Metavante Corporation returned to double-digit growth, posting an increase of 16 percent in segment income for the year. Our historically excellent credit quality, loan growth, and expense management also contributed to a strong year.
  James B. Wigdale, Chairman of the Board, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation, and Dennis J. Kuester, President and Chief Executive Officer, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation; Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, M& I Marshall & Ilsley Bank; and Chairman of the Board, Metavante Corporation, in front of M& I’s annual holiday display, M& I’s holiday gift to the community for over 30 years.
two

 We increased the number of banking offices in the fast-growing Arizona market from 24 to 28, with plans to open more offices in Arizona, St. Louis, and Minnesota in 2004, through which we will have the opportunity to welcome many new customers and employees to the M&I family. We are also pleased to have new offices in Duluth, Minnesota, and Bonita Springs, Florida.
Our expansion efforts have served us well, and will continue to benefit us as we grow marketshare and pro- vide our customers with the products and services that will help them succeed. Our vision, however, is to provide high-quality financial products and services to every consumer and business in the United States, either directly through the M&I brand or indirectly through other financial institutions.
For this reason, in addition to targeted expansion in both traditional and new markets, we’re moving beyond a traditional “bricks and mortar” philosophy to address the needs of individuals, businesses, and corporations nationwide. We continue to expand our physical presence, but at the same time are exploring new ways to reach customers outside our traditional M&I footprint.
Now, with M&I or Metavante offices in 26 states and with customers in all 50, M&I truly is a national financial services provider. We will continue to pursue all opportunities to grow our national presence,
whether we’re establishing new locations in our core markets or reaching more customers nationwide through services such as outsourcing, wealth manage- ment, or investments.
Our goal is to provide you, our shareholders, with a favorable long-term return on your investment by continuing to perform in the top quartile of our banking peers in profitability and growth.
Our achievements in 2003 would not have been possible without the dedication of our employees corporate-wide and the experienced leadership of M&I executive management. This year we were pleased to welcome two additions: In March, Frank Martire became President and Chief Executive Officer of Metavante Corporation, and in June, Ken Krei joined Marshall & Ilsley Trust Company N.A. as President and Chief Executive Officer. We look forward to working with them in the years to come.
Sincerely,
James B. Wigdale Chairman
Dennis J. Kuester President and
Chief Executive Officer
  three
