 To Our Shareholders
March 13, 2009
  2008 was a very disappointing and extremely difficult year. We were not satisfied with our results and recognize they were also unacceptable to you, our shareholders. As we reported in our letter to you dated January 15, 2009, our year-end results reflected losses we incurred due to the collapse of the housing market, which, in combination with our over-concentration in construction and development loans in high-growth areas, were further compounded by the rapidly deteriorating economy. This aspect of M&I’s loan portfolio – particularly the portion originated in communities outside of the Midwest that are susceptible to steep rises and declines in real estate values – became too significant a component of our balance sheet. When the housing market began its steep decline in advance of the nation’s deepening recession, too many of our customers, both contractors and individual homeowners, were unable to meet their outstanding loan obligations to M&I, resulting in significant loan charge-offs. Despite the similarity of the makeup of customers and projects throughout our franchise, a disproportionate share of these losses occurred in our markets outside of Wisconsin and the other Midwest markets we serve.
At year end, we had $1.5 billion in non-performing loans directly related to the housing industry, representing approximately 81 percent of total non-performing loans, $1 billion of which were construction and development loans on non- performing status, or 53 percent of total non-performing loans. Two-thirds of all commercial and development non-performing loans are in the Arizona and Florida regions and within our correspondent businesses. Clearly, our issues remain concentrated in these businesses, though future losses in Florida are expected to be much smaller in 2009. Stresses in the national housing markets will continue to affect us and we will continue to address them proactively.
We have acted aggressively to contain these issues, making numerous changes to risk management in 2007 and 2008, including definitive steps to reduce our concentration in our construction portfolio. While our construction concentration was 23 percent in the third quarter of 2007, we reduced it to 18 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008, with a goal of 10 percent. We have implemented concentration limits on our exposure to the volatile construction sector so we can have a more diversified and stable loan portfolio in the future.
Dennis Kuester, Chairman
Mark Furlong, President and CEO
Global Reports LLC
Annual Report to Shareholders | 1

 In 2008, two of our most senior executives relocated to Arizona to help anticipate and address non-performing loans. We also formed a Special Assets Division in each market devoted solely to addressing problem loans. We analyzed the entire loan portfolio, including loans that are not in the construction industry, to assess the likelihood of future loss and to design action steps to reduce risk. We also sold loans that we did not feel would improve over time. The unpaid principal balance of these loans sold in 2008 was $780 million.
In spite of some of these challenges, we experienced several very positive results, including loan growth of 9 percent for the year and the highest core deposit growth among our peers. In addition, M&I Wealth Management, faced with significant market volatility, finished the year with a 10 percent increase in revenues compared to 2007.
As we communicated to you in January, M&I has undertaken a series of initiatives designed to preserve its strong capital position – saving your Corporation approximately $100 million – or $0.23 per share after-tax – on an annual basis.
We announced expense reductions including a reduction in force of 830 positions (8 percent of the workforce), the elimination of all 2008 bonuses for proxy officers and executive officers, the reduction of the cash retainer for the board of directors by 25 percent, and other expense reductions. In addition, we have implemented
a salary freeze for senior managers. (Over many years, salary has become a smaller component of overall compensation as incentive payments more effectively recognize employees’ accomplishments as they align to creating shareholder value; however, with new federal guidelines in place, our compensation structure may be further amended to align with these new requirements.) As a last resort, we also reduced the quarterly cash dividend to $0.01 per share, saving approximately $330 million in capital on an annual basis. It is our intent to increase the dividend as soon as our financial performance and the economic outlook permit. These were agonizingly difficult decisions to make; however, they were necessary steps to take and we firmly believe they will enable us to not only preserve our strong capital base, but position us well to emerge from this recession in a position of strength.
Not surprisingly, financial stocks reacted negatively to economic uncertainty throughout 2008 and into 2009. Overall, bank stocks declined dramatically at the beginning of 2009 in reaction to poor fourth quarter 2008 earnings and uncertainty
  2 | Marshall & Ilsley Corporation
Global Reports LLC

 regarding how governmental actions will impact the banking industry. It was particularly frustrating to watch M&I’s stock price decline, given M&I’s position
of relative strength. We realize our shareholders have already paid a steep price.
It is our hope that as the economy normalizes and speculation about government initiatives turns to specific proposals, the financial services industry, and specifically M&I, will return to its historic levels of profitability and that our stock price will more accurately reflect our position of strength.
As M&I moves into the second year of the recession, we do so with a large loan
loss reserve, a strong capital base, and excess liquidity to meet the funding needs of our customers. Our strength in these three important areas is highlighted by a $1.2 billion loan loss reserve (2.41 percent of total loans), the third highest among our peers; $2 billion of capital in excess of the well-capitalized requirements; and
a 6.4 percent tangible common equity ratio, among the highest in our peer group. In addition, we have numerous sources of liquidity, including a high quality, liquid investment portfolio.
The strength of M&I’s capital base was enhanced in November when M&I received $1.7 billion from the U.S. Treasury through its Capital Purchase Program, underscoring M&I’s strength as a financial institution. The funds have enabled M&I to further increase its already substantial lending activity to invest in the needs of our current and future customers across all our markets. This capital also enabled us to more quickly return to our strategic growth plan for the benefit of our customers, employees, shareholders, and our communities. Since receiving the funds, M&I
has extended approximately $1.8 billion of new credit to new and existing customers throughout the communities we serve.
As we write this letter, the recession has taken its toll on virtually every industry
and has also touched every aspect of our business. In the last half of the year,
the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve provided liquidity to financial institutions through loans and preferred stock, both of which we took advantage of. As the economic recession began to severely deepen, with unemployment rising and leading economic indicators falling on a daily basis, the federal government, through the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act and American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, took significant steps to reverse these trends.
 Global Reports LLC
Annual Report to Shareholders | 3

 While we don’t yet know the full impact of these moves by the government, if the stimulus plans have the intended effect, they should have a positive impact on our economy.
Our core goals are to return to our standing as an industry leader with regard to credit quality; to focus on maintaining excess liquidity to fund the needs of our customers through loan growth; and to maintain a strong capital base, all of which will result in increased shareholder value. To that end, we have established a strategy of prudent growth, with realistic earnings targets tailored to each of our markets based on the economy and circumstances within those markets. We expect continued economic uncertainty and our success going forward will depend on our ability to adapt in this constantly changing environment. While many economic factors are out of our control, there are also many factors within our control. Even in today’s economy, we will continue to find areas of growth and to differentiate ourselves through our unparalleled customer service. We will do everything necessary to restore our good record for credit quality, remain efficient, and – very importantly – return to consistent profitability.
We are not immune to the impact on the consumer of a deteriorating economy; however, we believe our consumer portfolios will continue to perform better than the industry as a whole, particularly with regard to our minimal exposure to credit cards. We have taken and will continue to take definitive steps to resolve our nonperforming loans, including implementing strengthened risk management procedures that will help us mitigate our concentration of risk; however, as the economy continues to deteriorate, we expect additional losses.
We will continue to define new, effective strategies to drive deposit growth and further enhance our award-winning sales and service model to ensure we are meeting and exceeding our customers’ expectations. In 2008, M&I was recognized with seven national awards and two regional awards for Excellence in Middle Market Banking, Commercial Banking, and Treasury Management in a survey conducted by Greenwich Associates; the Best of Wisconsin Business Award as best bank for business for the fourth year in a row; and 81 Best in Class awards from PLANSPONSOR magazine,
a magazine for pension retirement fund administrators, ranking in the top quartile across 23 different service categories and four market segments.
  4 | Marshall & Ilsley Corporation
Global Reports LLC

 As the economy continues to affect our customers, we will continue to provide
the exemplary level of service for which we are known, understanding that many
of our customers have been significantly affected by the recession. These efforts include working actively with not only our commercial banking customers, but also individuals and families who are finding it difficult to make ends meet. M&I’s Homeowner’s Assistance Program, which includes a 90-day foreclosure moratorium on all owner-occupied residential loans, a foreclosure abatement program, and streamlined assistance programs for struggling homeowners, is keeping families
in their homes throughout the communities we serve.
As the leaders of your company, we understand the meaning of accountability and responsibility. We are accountable for the decisions we make – decisions that are always based on the principles of honesty, integrity, and respect. Our responsibility
to our shareholders is to restore the company to its historic level of performance and tradition of success. In the meantime, we are grateful for your patience. The men and women at M&I are hard at work to return our company’s performance to its position of strength. Though the progress we have made is significant, the amount of work ahead of us is substantial. There is no limit to our resolve regarding our commitment to see the company through this economic cycle. Our strong capital position allows us to continue to aggressively address problem loans, which means we expect some level of continued losses, although not approaching the level of losses in the fourth quarter of 2008. We remain confident that the initiatives we have undertaken will successfully address our current challenges. While there may be great uncertainty in the world around us, there is no uncertainty about M&I’s strong future.
Sincerely,
Mark Furlong Dennis Kuester President and CEO Chairman
   Global Reports LLC
Annual Report to Shareholders | 5
