  FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
This past year as we celebrated our 125th anniversary, we connected with consumers all over the world and gained inspiration from them. Today, we see a growing desire for more authentic, bigger and bolder flavors, led by the more adventurous, collaborative, and tech-savvy Millennial generation, a rising middle-class in emerging markets and an overall desire to eat healthier.
As a global leader in flavor with a mission to save your world from boring food, McCormick is well positioned for growth. While many aspects of our business are rooted in our heritage, we are evolving very rapidly with a focus on innovation. If you take a look inside McCormick, you will see people throughout the company and across the globe committed to making food taste great and be better for you. Together, we will leverage our passion for flavor to deliver high performance.
Total Annual Shareholder Return
PERFORMANCE
In 2014 we delivered a solid increase in sales, profit and cash flow. While we continue to operate in a challenging environment, we made progress with our growth initiatives and improved productivity through our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement (CCI) program.
We grew net sales 3% with increases in both our consumer and industrial businesses. For our consumer business we grew sales of our leading brands through pricing actions, product innovation, brand marketing support and an acquisition in China that was completed in mid-2013. Our industrial business sales increased primarily through pricing actions and new products.
We reported operating income of $603 million. Adjusted operating income, which excludes the impact of special charges and a 2013 charge related to a voluntary pension settlement, rose 3% to $608 million. The benefit of higher sales and $69 million of CCI and other cost savings was offset in part by higher material costs and a greater investment in brand marketing. We continue to measure a positive return on our brand marketing and raised our level of spending by 9% in 2014 to build further momentum.
In 2014, our earnings per share was $3.34. On a comparable basis, adjusted earnings per share rose 8% to $3.37 from $3.13 in 2013. In addition to higher operating income, we lowered our shares outstanding and our joint venture in Mexico had excellent results. We congratulate Grupo Herdez, our partner in this joint venture, on their 100th anniversary.
18%
10% 10%
1-YR 5-YR 10-YR
13%
20-YR
 4
Total annual shareholder return has risen 10% or more for the past 1, 5, 10 and 20-year periods.

   “Our engaged teams are united by
a passion for flavor and ar”e the key ingredient to our success.
—Alan D. Wilson
Chairman & CEO
 We have a long history of cash generation and returning cash to shareholders. In 2014, we reached $504 million of cash flow and returned a record $437 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, an increase of 22% from the previous year.
Our focus on performance, growth and people has led to strong long-term results for the past decade. During this period, we have grown sales 68%, more than doubled earnings per share, increased our quarterly dividend 150% and achieved 10% total annual shareholder return.
GROWTH
Our financial performance in 2014, and over the long term, demonstrates the effectiveness of our growth model. We invest in the business to drive sales and profit, fueling this growth with cost savings from our CCI program. In each of the past five years, annual cost savings from this program have exceeded $50 million.
New products launched in the past three years accounted for 8% of sales in 2014. Consumer insights drive our product development work, which has led to the introduction of gluten-free recipe mixes and the expansion of salt-free seasoning blends to inspire healthy choices. For price conscious consumers, we added squeeze pouch ketchup in China and Grill Mates® burger seasonings and value-priced grinders in the U.S. New skillet sauces meet demand for convenience in the U.S., and we introduced gourmet cooks in the U.K. to new FlavorLockTM herbs. In our industrial business, sales contribution from new products was particularly strong in 2014, led by snack seasonings and flavors for new restaurant menu items. Across our consumer and industrial business, new products
29
We have increased dividends for each of the past 29 years and paid dividends every year since 1925.
 YEARS
 McCormick & Company | 2014 Annual Report 5
 
  FOREFRONT OF
Digital marketing continues to achieve one of our highest returns on investment in brand marketing, and in 2014 we spent twice as much in this area compared to 2011. Through digital marketing we connect directly with consumers to provide personalized recipes, build grilling communities—now one million strong—and bring together those with a common interest to share flavor stories. Because of these efforts, L2, a business intelligence service, recognized McCormick as a food industry leader in its Digital IQ Index.
EATING
increase our ability to flavor all types of eating occasions, from preparing a meal at home to fine dining to grabbing a quick snack.
In 2014 we increased our investment in brand marketing support to $227 million, and are planning further increases to create momentum for future growth. While a portion of this spending is devoted to creating awareness and trial for new products, the majority is aimed at building consumer equity for our leading brands in markets around the world. We are emphasizing product freshness, our role in preparing healthy food and the ability of a homemade meal to bring people together.
 TRENDS
Customer intimacy is another growth strategy for our business. Among our broad range of customers are multi-national industry leaders: for our industrial business, top customers include food manufacturers and restaurants, while on the consumer side of our business we are a category leader for food retailers in markets around the world. Our sales teams collaborate with these retailers on merchandising, product assortment and pricing to create solutions that are optimal for us, our customers
and consumers.
Now in its 15th year, the McCormick Flavor Forecast® is on the forefront of identify- ing top trends, insights and ingredients driving the future of flavor.
 $227
In China, we also work with customers to expand our geographic reach. Including both consumer and industrial sales, China is now our third largest country in sales. Acquisitions played a role in this growth in China, where in mid-2014 we celebrated the first anniversary of our acquisition of Wuhan Asia Pacific Condiments, which is exceeding our sales and profit projections. Since 2008, we have invested $1.3 billion in acquisitions and are pursuing other acquisitions with a focus on emerging markets, which now account for 17% of consolidated sales.
Importantly, we continue to grow our business responsibly and are making great progress with our goals to improve our environmental impact, source sustainably and inspire healthy food choices. Also in 2014, we were pleased, through our 125th anniversary Flavor of Together program, to donate $1.25 million to United Way Worldwide to help feed those in need.
PEOPLE
Our engaged teams—the Power of PeopleTM—are catalysts for innovation and a source of support for the communities where we operate. We recognize the efforts of our employees in making 2014 a year of strong financial performance and positioning the company for long-term growth. As we conclude our 125th anniversary, our theme—the Flavor of Together— endures. The spirit of “together” has its foundation in McCormick’s
MILLION
In 2014 we increased our investment in brand marketing support to $227 million, and are planning further increases to create momentum
for future growth.
 6

    Multiple Management, a philosophy that dates back to 1932 and is the cornerstone of our culture steeped in participation and inclusion. Multiple Management continues to be a driving force in solving business challenges, creating growth opportunities and developing our next generation of business leaders.
McCormick’s Board of Directors and company leaders have been effective in adapting our strategy to address today’s business challenges and pursue compelling growth opportunities. Lawrence Kurzius has been promoted to Chief Operating Officer & President and will also serve as President Global Consumer. As a respected leader, Lawrence has driven growth and efficiency in both the U.S. and international markets since joining the company in 2003. In addition, the leadership of Malcolm Swift, President Europe, Middle East and Africa and Asia Pacific, has been expanded to include President Global Industrial. We appreciate the many contributions of Bill Stevens, who is departing from the Board. He has served as a director since 1988. Retiring from the company after more than 30 years of distinguished service and strong leadership are Chuck Langmead, President—Global Industrial Business and Geoff Carpenter, Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary.
I am confident that we have the right team, strategies and portfolio to continue our momentum. As we embark on the next 125 years, I want to thank you, McCormick’s shareholders. We appreciate your support and are dedicated to building the value of your investment in our company.
Alan D. Wilson
Chairman & CEO
Across our consumer
and industrial business, new products increase our ability to flavor all types of eating occasions.
OUR MISSION
To save your world from boring food!
OUR VISION
McCormick brings the joy of flavor to every day.
  McCormick & Company | 2014 Annual Report 7
 