MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2004 ANNUAL REPORT
 letter to shareholders
 fellow shareholders,
2004 was a terrific year at McCormick. Sales reached a record $2.5 billion. We completed the implementation of our B2K program in the U.S. The goal for the first year of our $70 million cost reduction program was exceeded. We reached $1.0 billion in gross profit and increased gross profit margin 0.3 percentage points. With $350 million in cash from operations we paid $77 million in dividends, repurchased $175 million of shares and acquired Silvo, the leading brand of spices and herbs in the Netherlands, for $75 million.
Robert J. Lawless
Now in our 115th year, we continue to build shareholder value. In fact, total annual return for our shareholders has been 20% during the past five years, twice that of our peer compa- nies. Everywhere you look, youÕll discover that McCormick is turning up the heat.
record results for 2004
At the beginning of 2004, with confidence in our business and ability to perform, we set several financial goals.
Our first objective was to grow sales 7-9%. We achieved sales growth of 11%. This was the result of launching successful
 4
new products, introducing effective promotions and acquiring ZatarainÕs mid-year in 2003. We also benefited from higher pricing for vanilla and favorable foreign currency. Sales for our consumer business rose 15%, following a 17% increase in 2003. Our industrial business picked up steam with a 7% sales increase following a 5% increase in 2003.
Second, we set a range for earnings per share of $1.51 to $1.54. We ended the year with earnings per share of $1.52. With higher sales, improved gross profit margins, cost reduction savings and the proceeds from the settlement of a lawsuit
claim, we were able to offset some cost increases in areas including employee bene- fits and fuel. More importantly, we were able to invest in the business for future growth, increasing advertising and product develop- ment expense during 2004.
Our third target was to generate $350- $400 million from 2004 to 2006 in cash flow from operations, after net capital expenditures and dividends. Our 2004 result of $206 million has us well on our way toward meeting this target. We generated higher cash from a number of sources including higher net income, reduced inventory and lower prepaid allowances. During 2004, we increased divi- dends paid by 20% to $77 million from $64 million in 2003.
turning up the heat
For each step of our strategy: improve margins,
invest in the business and increase sales and profits...we are turning up the heat!
A key to margin improvement is our B2K program, a global initiative that is significantly improving our business processes through state-of-the-art technology. With the implementation for the U.S. complete, our plan is to move international businesses onto this platform by 2006. Utilizing the power of B2K, employees are improving the supply chain throughout the Company. As a result, we significantly reduced costs in 2004, exceeding our $15 million objective. In 2005 we expect to reduce costs an additional $25 million and in 2006 an additional $30 million.
Margin improvement fuels our growth. We will use a portion

 MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2004 ANNUAL REPORT
 of this fuel to invest in the business. We are accelerating the marketing support behind our powerful brands. We have more than doubled advertising expense since 1999. We invested in a promotional analysis process that in its first year significantly increased the effectiveness of our 2004 U.S. trade promotion dollars. Product development expense increased another 18% in 2004 and 84% since 1999. In addition to increasing our resources behind product development, weÕve increased productivity. New product sales as measured per each R&D professional have doubled in the past five years. A formula management system will be available in 2005 that will give our teams a running start on new products and further reduce the development cycle time for our customers.
Improved margins provide the fuel for business invest- ments...investments designed to increase sales and profits. Throughout the Company we are seeing signs of success in a great number of new products. One product line is grinders. A functional, consumer-oriented package that originated under the Ducros brand in France is being taken to other markets. Worldwide sales of grinders were up 36% in 2004, and new blends and an improved package are in the pipeline for 2005. For several years now, sales to restaurant chains have been strong. Most recently, we have significantly increased sales of coating systems. We have also increased sales and profits with strate- gic acquisitions. Since its addition to the McCormick family in June 2003, the performance of ZatarainÕs has exceeded our expectations. At the end of 2004, we completed the acquisition of another excellent brand, Silvo. This leading brand extends our European reach into the Netherlands and will add nearly $50 million of sales in 2005.
We continue to reaffirm the long-term goals that we set in 2002: to grow sales 5% annually with a range of 3-7% and to increase earnings per share 10-12%. In a tough environment, these are aggressive goals for McCormick and, for that matter, any packaged food company. But we like a challenge at McCormick and have established a strong track record in meeting our goals. In the coming years, we intend to continue our record of superior financial results and increased shareholder value.
leadership at McCormick
Early in 2004, a Management Committee was formed that expanded the former Executive Committee to include leaders
of our consumer business. The Management Committee has responsibility for setting strategy, executing growth initiatives, allocating Company resources and for developing and advanc- ing our employees. I believe that our Board of Directors, Management Committee and leadership throughout McCormick are among the best in the food industry.
Toward the end of 2004, Jerry Wolfe was promoted to Vice President Ð Supply Chain and Chief Information Officer. Fran Contino was named Executive Vice President ÐStrategic Planning and CFO. Throughout the Company, we continue to challenge and develop our people while tapping into their experience, knowledge and enthusiasm.
We like our business: flavor. Demand for great taste has few boundaries. Kid-friendly flavors, bold and zesty flavors, ethnic flavors and flavors for those on a reduced calorie, low-carb, low- fat, or low-salt diet. From molecule to menu, McCormick has the broadest range of flavor solutions in the industry.
I believe we have a great team at McCormick and a winning strategy that continues to deliver record financial performance year after year. Our core values define the way we work with one another, how we value and serve our customers, and our ultimate responsibility to McCormick shareholders. These values are fundamental to our success.
Thank you to our employees for making our goals a reality. All of us at McCormick are committed to building shareholder value. I am confident of our future success.
Robert J. Lawless, Chairman, President and CEO
  our core values
We believe...
> our people are the most important ingredient of our success.
> our top priority is to continuously add value for our shareholders. > customers are the reason we exist.
> our business must be conducted honestly and ethically.
> the best way to achieve our goals is through teamwork.
 5
