 Letter to Shareholders
We are on a rewarding and exciting journey. It’s rewarding in that we’re surpassing our goals, earning superior shareholder returns and achieving excellent growth. It’s exciting because we have initiatives underway that position us well to continue that success.
Our 2006 results were record-setting. Earnings per share were $1.50 – up substantially from 2005 on a comparable basis. In addition, we met or exceeded all our financial goals – clearly showing that our disappointing 2005 was just a bump in the road.
Surpassing Our Goals
Our three key financial goals for 2006 were to:
I Increase sales by 3% to 5%.
I Increase our gross profit margin by 1.0 percentage point.
I Increase our earnings per share by 8% to 10% on a comparable basis.
We increased sales by 5%. Consumer sales increased by 5%, and industrial sales increased by 4%. Sales grew with successful new products, effective marketing programs, the acquisition of Simply Asia Foods, and higher pricing.
We increased our gross profit margin by 1.0 percentage point through a combi- nation of cost savings programs, pricing and a favorable business mix. Our gross profit margin reached 41.0%. That’s an increase of 5.8 percentage points since 2000 and the result of our aggressive pursuit of gross profit margin improvement.
We increased earnings per share by 14% on a comparable basis. That com- parison excludes the impact of stock-based compensation expense, which we began to record in 2006, and restructuring charges. Including 22¢ of restructuring charges and 11¢ of stock-based compensation expense, our earnings per share for 2006 were $1.50. In 2005, our earnings per share – including 5¢ of restruc- turing expense – were $1.56.
Earning Superior Shareholder Returns
Over the past 10 years, our average annual total return to shareholders has been 14%. That compares with the 9% average annual return of our food industry group and the 8% average annual return of the S&P 500. Total return to share- holders is the combination of stock price appreciation and dividends.
In November 2006, we increased our quarterly dividend 11% to 20¢ per share. We have been paying dividends since 1925, and we have increased the dividend annually for the last 20 consecutive years.
In 2006, our common stock price rose 24%. That reflects both our strong performance and our strong outlook.
Our business continues to generate a high level of cash. Our 2006 cash from operations was $311 million. We returned more than 80% of this amount to shareholders through dividends and repurchased shares. The remainder we’ve invested in growing our business.
Achieving Excellent Growth
Our growth strategy is straightforward: improve margins, invest in the business and increase sales and profits. There are four initiatives we have in place to continue our growth – advance, revitalize, transform and innovate.
Over the past 10 years, our total shareholder return on an annual basis has been 14%. This has exceeded the total shareholder returns of our food industry group as well as the S&P 500 Index.
 1 MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
S&P Food Group S&P 500 8.6% 8.0%
McCormick 14.4%
 “There are four initiatives we have
in place to continue our growth – advance, revitalize, transform and innovate.”
 
 “We are on a rewarding and exciting journey. Our strategy
is effective and sustainable.”
   Robert J. Lawless
We are advancing with the restructuring plan we announced in late 2005. The plan includes consolidating our global manufacturing and eliminating administrative redundancies. These actions reduced our costs by $10 million in 2006, and we expect to deliver another $30 million of savings in 2007. By the end of 2008, total annual cost savings should be $50 million.
We are revitalizing our McCormick brand spices and seasonings in the United States. This line of products accounts for about one-third of our consumer business sales. New products, new labels and new flip-top caps – along with new store shelving that makes shopping easier for the consumer and restocking easier for grocers – will roll out through 2008. We have already seen the early signs of success from this initiative.
We are transforming our U.S. industrial business and have already made significant progress. We’re simplifying and focusing our resources on growing with large customers who have the greatest potential to add profitable sales. We have reduced the number of industrial customers we serve from 1,000 to fewer than 750. This progress – along with similar actions we’ve taken in Europe and a rebound from a difficult year in 2005 – improved operating income for our industrial business by 26% on a comparable basis, excluding the impact of restructuring charges and stock-based compensation expense.
We are innovating by leading and staying on top of the latest trends in our major markets. Innovation is vital to the long-term health of our business. Consumer demand – for convenience, freshness, ethnic flavors and more – guides not only our new product development, but also our acquisition strategy. For example, in June 2006, we added the fast-growing Thai Kitchen® and Simply Asia® brands that offer authentic Asian flavors to U.S. consumers.
Continuing Our Success
While our initiatives have us well positioned for continued growth and success, two of the challenges we face are higher costs and competition.
Higher costs for certain materials, employee benefits and energy affect our business and our industry. We offset those higher costs with improvements in efficiency and pricing actions as appropriate.
Our business is highly competitive in both the consumer and industrial segments. Our superior quality and innovation in products as well as services, give us a competitive advantage. Recent examples include our store merchandis- ing ideas and our new CreateIT ® Center.
2 MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

  Our icon brands, leading market share and breadth of flavor solutions are truly unique. No one can match what we offer and achieve. We provide great taste – whether eating at home or out, enjoying ethnic cuisine or comfort foods, limiting fat or salt intake, cooking on the grill or in the microwave.
Flavor is a great business for us with very few boundaries.
Accomplishing a Great Deal
Every year, our leaders and employees overcome many challenges and achieve results of which we’re proud. But 2006 was particularly striking. After the challenges of 2005, not only did we achieve a rebound in our business but significant progress was made in preparing for future sustained growth.
Our accomplishments included: the ahead-of-plan transfer and consolidation of production from what was our second largest plant, the turnaround in our industrial business, the implementation of B2K in Europe, the success of the first stage of revitalization for the largest part of our consumer business, the completion of a great acquisition and higher profit from our joint venture in Mexico.
I congratulate our employees and leaders around the world. Never have I seen so many do so much this quickly.
A Rewarding and Exciting Journey
The road we’ve taken has been successful. To continue that success, we continue to build upon the strong foundation of our executive team. Our Board of Directors is instrumental in this process and in developing our business strategy and governance principles.
Alan Wilson has been promoted to President & COO. Since joining McCormick in 1993, Alan has earned respect as a leader who sets direction, is willing to make tough decisions and is comfortable with complexity. We also announced the promotion of Mark Timbie to President – North American Consumer Foods and named Lawrence Kurzius President – Europe, Middle East and Africa.
After 29 years of distinguished service, Karen Weatherholtz, Senior Vice President – Human Relations is retiring from the Company and the Board. A Board member since 1992, she has contributed greatly during her career, instilling strong values, developing an effective organization and motivating our workforce. Barry Beracha is also retiring from our Board. He has been a director since 2000 and has chaired the Compensation Committee over the past few years. We appreciate his contributions and service. We are pleased that Michael Mangan, Senior Vice President, CFO of The Black & Decker Corporation has joined the Board.
In 2007, our Multiple Management philosophy will mark its 75th anniversary. This problem-solving and professional development system – which brings together employees from all levels and functions – is key to our continuing success and performance like we had in 2006.
We are on a rewarding and exciting journey. Our strategy is effective and sustainable. Our passion for the business and our ability to execute drive our strategy. With the initiatives we have in place today, I am confident that we will continue to reward your loyalty and support with value creation and superior returns.
Robert J. Lawless, Chairman and CEO
Dividends per share 1987-2006
 We have been paying dividends since1925, and we have increased the dividend annually for the last 20 consecutive years.
 3 MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
80¢ 70¢ 60¢ 50¢ 40¢ 30¢ 20¢ 10¢
  