 Alan D. Wilson, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, and Lawrence E. Kurzius, President & Chief Operating Officer, in McCormick’s new U.S. Consumer Product Development Lab.
Consumers around the world are exploring new flavors— and also becoming increasingly interested in the source and quality of their food.
  At McCormick, our products are well-aligned with these trends, which contributed to strong sales growth in 2015— along with three acquisitions, product innovation and increased brand marketing. We are fueling our growth investments with cost-savings programs that delivered
a record $98 million this year. As we look to the future, we see continued momentum and business growth.
PERFORMANCE
In 2015, we were pleased with our underlying financial performance. We had strong sales growth on a constant currency basis, a significant increase in cost savings and another year of substantial cash flow.
Net sales rose 1%. Excluding the impact of unfavorable currency rates, we grew net sales 6% through product innovation, brand marketing and expanded distribution. We completed three acquisitions that also contributed to this growth, along with pricing actions. Both our consumer and industrial segments achieved a strong rate of sales growth in constant currency. On this basis, consumer sales rose 5% with broad-based growth across each region. We grew industrial sales in constant currency 8%, including a strong increase in international markets.
We reported operating income of $548 million. Excluding the impact of special charges, operating income was $614 million in 2015 compared to $608 million in 2014. A record $98 million in costs savings achieved this year provided fuel
for a 6% increase in brand marketing and helped offset increased costs in materials and employee benefits.
In 2015, our earnings per share was $3.11. Excluding the impact of special charges, adjusted earnings per share rose 3% to $3.48 from $3.37 in 2014. Higher operating income contributed to this increase, as well as another year of excellent performance by our joint venture in Mexico and our share repurchase activity. These gains were offset in
The McCormick Flavor Forecast inspires culinary exploration by capturing the leading trends, insights and ingredients in food and flavor.
part by the unfavorable impact of currency rates on earnings per share.
We have a long history of strong cash flow and returning cash to shareholders. In 2015, we reached $590 million of cash flow and returned $351 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
  2
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
  
Our focus on performance, growth and people is driving strong long-term results and shareholder return that has exceeded both the broader market and food group in the past 5-, 10- and 20-year periods.
GROWTH
For more than a decade, we have delivered strong and steady financial performance with an effective growth model. We invest in the business to drive sales and profit, and fuel this growth with cost savings.
Our growth model begins with growing sales and we are delivering strong results. Since 2010, we grew sales at a compound annual growth rate of 5%, which is right in line with our long-term objective of 4% to 6%. We expect to drive this growth through our base business, innovation and acquisitions.
Across all of our markets, we increased brand marketing support by 6% in 2015. Increasingly, we are shifting toward digital marketing, which comprised 38% of our advertising, up from 11% in 2011. Digital marketing creates a direct connection to consumers, including Millennials, who
view the McCormick brand positively. As an example, our mccormick.com site has become a top 50 most visited food/ lifestyle site. Our leadership in this area was recognized once again in 2015 with a Top 5 ranking among over 100 food brands by L2, a business intelligence service, in its Digital IQ Index. This ranking included our work in e-commerce and our advances in this rapidly growing channel have also earned us recognition from our customers.
In 2015, we had efforts underway to improve performance in our consumer segment in the United States, where consumer interest in flavor is driving mid-single digit category growth for spices and seasonings. We made significant progress with these efforts and, in each quarter of 2015, achieved sequential increases in retail consumption of our brands. During the 2015 holiday season, we launched a purity campaign to emphasize the quality of our products with the tagline “pure tastes better.” We also committed to labeling over 70% of our spices, herbs and extracts as
not containing genetically modified organisms (non-GMO) by the end of 2016.
In China, now our second largest market, we grew
sales 9%. In 2015, McCormick gained share in our top three categories for our consumer business and the addition
of Wuhan Asia Pacific Condiments in 2013 continues to accelerate our growth. The multinational quick service restaurants we supply continue to expand in this market with new locations, driving sales for our industrial business. To support growth across both businesses, we are expanding our manufacturing capacity in China and opened a new headquarter facility in 2015.
Around the world, 8% of our 2015 sales came from new products launched in the past three years. In the Americas consumer business, our latest additions included flavored sea salt grinders, slow cooker sauces and stock cubes. We have also expanded our grilling products across Europe with strong results not only in developed markets like the U.K. and France, but also in Poland and other parts of Eastern Europe. Building on the success of our ketchup pouch in China, we are introducing a Thai chili sauce pouch. For our industrial business, health and wellness are important product attributes for
5%
Since 2010, we grew sales at a compound annual growth rate of 5%.
8%
Around the world, 8% of our 2015 sales came from new products launched in the past three years.
$98M
In 2015, we stepped up our CCI program and organization and streamlining actions, achieving $98 million in cost savings, a 42% increase from the previous record.
our customers, accounting for approximately 40% of our new product projects in 2015. We have a robust pipeline of innovation for both segments of our business heading into 2016.
We are also working to keep our core business relevant to consumers, especially Millennial consumers. Based on consumer insights, we re-launched our entire premium gourmet line in the U.S. As part of this relaunch, we:
Changed the label to show more of the product. Introduced FlavorSealed technology to keep the product fresher longer.
Added hot new items such as Sriracha seasonings and chipotle pepper flakes.
Since this re-launch, retail sales have increased 5%. By the end of 2016, we will convert 80% of these U.S. gourmet items to organic, up from the recent level of 10%.
    McCormick & Company | 2015 Annual Report 3

ick
 Dividends Declared
(dollars)
’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
$1.15 $1.27
$1.39 $1.51
$1.63
ick
Our innovation spans eating occasions from snacking to special meals and is based on consumer insights.
 Dividends Declared
012
We look forward to accelerating the growth for each of these businesses with our capabilities in innovation and brand marketing and our customer relationships.
In addition to acquisitions, we are expanding our core business into new geographies. In the last 12 months, construction began in Dubai to support the growth of industrial segment customers in the Middle East and we cut the ribbon on a new product development center in Brazil to develop local flavors as our customers move into South America. In addition, we are expanding distribution in our consumer segment in Russia, new markets across Central America and in China.
As we advance these growth strategies, we have added momentum from the rising demand for flavor. Consumer purchases for our largest category, spices and seasonings, are projected to grow 4% annually in developed markets through 2020. In emerging markets, the projected growth rate is even higher at 8%, as these consumers trade up from bulk purchase to spices and seasonings as branded, packaged product. We are well-positioned to fully participate in this growth in both developed and emerging markets.
We are fueling this growth through Comprehensive Continuous Improvement (CCI), our productivity improvement program. In 2015, we stepped up CCI and organization and streamlining actions, achieving $98 million in cost savings,
a 42% increase from the previous record of $69 million in 2014. We have added resources to this activity and intend to maintain this higher level of cost savings going forward.
D i (vd iodl l aer sn) d s D e c l a r e d
’11   $1.15
 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15
$1.27 $1.39
$1.51 $1.63
   McCormick has increased its dividend in each of the past 30 years. We have paid a dividend for 90 consecutive years.
T To ot t a a l l A A n n n n u u a a l l S S h h a a r r e e h h o o l l d d e e r r R Re et tu ur rn n
  
1-YR
5-YR 10-YR
18% 17%
13%
113% 2
    20-YR0
Total shareholder return has risen at a double-digit rate
for the past 1-, 5-, 10- and 20-year periods.
We expect about one-third of our long-term sales growth to come from acquisitions, as it has over the last five years. In 2015, we expanded our portfolio of leading products with three new acquisitions:
 Brand Aromatics expanded the range and authenticity of 0 11 22
 savory products that we develop for industrial customers,
Total Annual Shareholder Return
and includes organic products.
1-YR 18% Drogheria and Alimentari established a leading position
 5-YfoRr McCormick in Italy with a premium spic1e7a%nd seasoning line that is exported to 60 countries.
10-YR 13%
Stubb’s complements our ever-growing line of popular
 20-YR 13%
grilling products with the leading premium barbecue
4
sauce in the U.S.
m
m

PEOPLE
McCormick employees throughout the company are delivering high performance and growth. We engage our employees through Multiple Management, a philosophy
of participation and inclusion that has been our foundation for more than 80 years. Together we are driving growth opportunities, addressing business challenges, and developing careers and future business leaders. We want to recognize all of our employees for their accomplishments and thank them for their efforts behind our success.
McCormick’s Board of Directors and company leaders have been shaping our strategy, business and resources to maintain our momentum.
Following his promotion to President & COO early in 2015, Lawrence became a member of the Board in November and has been appointed President & CEO starting February 1, 2016.
Effective February 1, 2016, Alan will become Executive Chairman of McCormick.
We appreciate the many contributions of John P. Bilbrey, who joined the Board in 2005 and departed in 2015.
We welcomed two other new Board members: Maritza Montiel, former Deputy CEO and Vice Chairman of Deloitte LLP and Michael Conway, President, Global Channel Development for Starbucks Coffee Company.
Their knowledge, insights and leadership will be valuable assets as we position the company for the future. Retiring from the company after years of distinguished service and strong leadership were Cile Perich, Senior Vice President, Human Relations and Paul Beard, Senior Vice President, Finance.
During 2015, Brendan Foley, President, Global Consumer Segment and North America and Lisa Manzone, Senior Vice President, Human Relations joined the Management Committee.
Our engaged employees, effective growth strategies and a business aligned with today’s consumers have us well-positioned for the future, and we are committed to building the value of your investment in McCormick.
Alan D. Wilson
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Lawrence E. Kurzius
President & Chief Operating Officer
           Management Committee
   Standing, left to right: Gordon Stetz, Malcolm Swift, Brendan Foley, Lisa Manzone Seated, left to right: Lawrence Kurzius, Alan Wilson
McCormick & Company | 2015 Annual Report 5
