  LETTER FROM DAN GLASER,
PRESIDENT AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
DEAR SHAREHOLDER
Iam honored and privileged to be the leader of Marsh & McLennan Companies. Strong financial and operating performance
in 2013 enabled us to deliver exceptional value to clients, colleagues, and share- holders. We successfully built upon our leadership and innovation in risk, strategy, and human capital, offering services that helped clients grow their businesses and address and resolve critical issues.
We are well-positioned for the future. Our unique combination of businesses, depth of talent and expertise, vast global footprint, leadership strength, and collaborative culture all support our continued growth.
RECORD OF PROVEN PERFORMANCE
Strong earnings momentum continued in 2013. Consolidated revenue rose to
a record $12.3 billion, with underlying revenue growth of 3%. We also achieved 14% growth in adjusted operating income(1) to $2.1 billion and an increase of 180 basis points in the adjusted operating margin to 17.4%.
Our Risk and Insurance Services and Consulting segments each achieved their fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth in adjusted operating income and margin expansion.
Risk and Insurance Services had revenue of $6.6 billion, with underlying revenue growth of 3% at Marsh and 5% at Guy Carpenter.
• For the sixth consecutive year, the segment produced double-digit growth in adjusted operating income, rising 11% in 2013.
• The adjusted margin reached its
highest level in a decade — 22.1%.
Marsh delivered another year of strong performance. Revenue of $5.4 billion reflected underlying revenue growth across all major geographies and record new business of over $1 billion. Marsh broadened its expansive global footprint in 2013 with the acquisitions of the leading insurance advisors in Peru and the Dominican Republic, and, in early 2014, increased the breadth of its operations with the acquisition of the leading independent insurance broker in Scotland.
Marsh & McLennan Agency continued
to expand its footprint. This February, we acquired Barney & Barney, the 34th-largest insurance broking firm in the US with
$100 million of annual revenue, which
will serve as Marsh & McLennan Agency’s western regional hub. Since 2009, we have acquired 35 high-quality agencies, with annualized revenue for Marsh & McLennan Agency now approaching $600 million.
Guy Carpenter produced record revenue of $1.1 billion in 2013, an increase of 5% on an underlying basis. Three-quarters of Guy Carpenter’s growth came from outside of its 25 largest clients, reflecting a strategy to broaden relationships
by customer size and geography.
Guy Carpenter has grown organically
for 20 straight quarters, with average annual underlying revenue growth of 5%.
(1) For a reconciliation of non- GAAP results to GAAP results, with respect to all non-GAAP references presented in this letter, please refer to the Company’s Form 8-K, dated February 11, 2014, available on the Company’s website at www.mmc.com
  
  Our Consulting segment continued to make substantial progress to increase profitability.
• Revenue of $5.7 billion increased 2%
on an underlying basis.
• Adjusted operating income rose to
$847 million, an increase of $100 million,
or 13%, from the prior year.
• The segment’s adjusted margin
increased 160 basis points to 14.9%.
Mercer’s solid underlying revenue growth across all of its geographic regions fueled the Consulting segment’s record profitability. Mercer’s revenue was $4.2 billion, an underlying increase of 4% for the third consecutive year. Mercer launched Mercer Marketplace in 2013, its private US healthcare exchange, which delivers a differentiated platform for the middle market and large clients. Since its launch, Mercer has added 67 companies, representing more than 280,000 lives, including retirees as well
as active employees.
Oliver Wyman’s underlying revenue growth steadily improved throughout 2013. Revenue was $1.5 billion, a modest decrease from 2012, as solid growth in Financial Services, Lippincott, NERA Economic Consulting, and the International regions was offset by declines in other practices.
COMMITMENT TO GROWTH
As we look ahead, our strategy for achieving profitable growth will not change. We are committed to producing long-term growth in revenue and earnings and are exceptionally proud of our record of generating consistently higher earnings per share. Adjusted EPS rose 13.4% in 2011, 15.6% in 2012, and 15.3% in 2013. Over the same three-year period, the consolidated adjusted operating margin improved 330 basis points. In 2013, total shareholder return was 44%, an outstanding achievement, and well above the return of the S&P 500 Index.
Dan Glaser
President and Chief Executive Officer, Marsh & McLennan Companies
 Our ability to generate high levels of cash is one of our greatest strengths. Strong cash flow has given us the opportunity to preserve our operational and financial flexibility, support EPS growth, fund reinvestments in our businesses, make acquisitions, and return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. In 2013 alone, dividends and share repurchase totaled nearly $1.1 billion.
In fact, we have a consistent record of share repurchase. Since 2010, we have bought back approximately 35 million shares of our common stock for over
$1.2 billion. Based upon the current market environment and our expectations for our future financial performance, we are committed to buying back enough stock to reduce the number of shares outstanding on an annual basis.
The payment of dividends to shareholders is sacrosanct. In 2013, we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 9% and
are committed to double-digit growth
in annual dividends.
Strong cash flow also supports our tar- geted acquisition strategy. Since 2009, we’ve completed 57 transactions — what I like to call a “string of pearls” — each one making our enterprise stronger.
CULTURE IS THE FOUNDATION
Our ability to shape our future and continue to succeed in any economic environment begins with our people and rests on the strength of our culture — which is founded in values of integrity, respect, teamwork, and excellence.
 
   • We act with integrity, treat each other with respect, and hold ourselves to the highest ethical and professional standards. We are guided by our Code of Conduct, The Greater Good, which has helped us establish a culture of risk mindfulness and communicate the non-negotiable standards that apply
to all of our colleagues. Last year, we introduced our first Risk Appetite Statement, a framework for colleagues and the businesses within our Company to effectively and intelligently manage risk within our operations.
• We encourage our colleagues to work collaboratively. We bring the best ideas forward and deliver high-impact solutions to our clients.
• We strive to produce exceptional results. Our emphasis is on finding the smarter, better, simpler way, and on continuously challenging each other to produce the best work and achieve excellence.
• We give colleagues the opportunity to contribute and thrive. We are committed to developing great leaders and professionals and investing in programs that support our colleagues’ learning and development. We recognize the value of a transparent, cohesive culture — one that provides forums
to let every voice be heard and one that supports diverse cultures and is respectful and appreciative of the value of different perspectives.
We encourage colleagues to volunteer and contribute to communities where we live and work, helping others chart paths to brighter futures. We are expanding our efforts to manage our environmental impact, including reductions in our global real estate footprint and encouraging behaviors at work that support environmental sustainability.
DEPTH OF LEADERSHIP
We pride ourselves on the deep bench strength within our senior management team — and within leadership teams throughout the enterprise — as we innovate and perform in a fast-changing business environment.
We also have a highly effective Board of Directors, all the members of which are esteemed leaders in their own right.
Their knowledge, guidance, and insights are highly valued by our management team. In a change effective January 2014, Zachary W. Carter, who had been a member of our Board of Directors since 2004, resigned to serve in the administration of newly elected New York City Mayor
Bill de Blasio. We thank Zach for his many contributions as a director, and we wish him much success in his new role.
For more than 140 years, Marsh & McLennan Companies has been meeting the evolving needs of clients. New opportunities abound because of our leadership in our businesses, strong financial position, unique combination of abilities, and scale. I am thankful to our 55,000 colleagues whose dedication, intelligence, and consistent efforts allow us to innovate and achieve success. I appreciate the continued trust our clients place in us and thank our shareholders for their support. We are deeply committed to creating superior returns for shareholders in the years to come.
Best regards,
Dan Glaser
President and Chief Executive Officer Marsh & McLennan Companies
February 27, 2014
  