Dear Shareholder
As I sit down to write this letter, it is hard to
believe that I only recently celebrated my
one-year anniversary as the CEO of MMC. 2008
proved to be a remarkable year in many ways.
When I joined the company last February, we faced
challenges on several fronts and moved quickly to
address them. As the year progressed, our work
continued amid the pressure of economic conditions
that worsened into what will likely be the most
significant recession of our lifetimes. Looking back
on 2008 now, I am very pleased to report that – while
we must stay vigilant and maintain focus in the face
of continued economic uncertainty – MMC made
significant progress over the course of the year.
In March 2008, a month after becoming CEO, I
presented to our Board of Directors a set of goals
that in my view were essential to the long-term
prospects of MMC. I would like to quickly update
you on these objectives:
Fix Marsh.
Last year, we said that the linchpin of
MMC’s recovery was a turnaround of Marsh, our
insurance broking subsidiary. In particular, we
needed to repair Marsh’s cost structure, simplify the
organization, and deliver the products and services
that our clients truly wanted from us in more
efficient ways. Under the leadership of Dan Glaser,
who joined the company just before I did, Marsh
delivered on all fronts in 2008. As a result, the
business was returned to profitable growth with a
significant improvement in operating results, far
exceeding even our own goals for the year. Even more
striking was that this performance was achieved
during a soft insurance cycle. It is clear that Dan and
his team are successfully executing their turnaround
plan, and we look for continued improvements to the
operating and service models this year.
Rationalize Kroll.
In the first quarter, we changed
the management at Kroll, promoting Ben Allen to
CEO. We examined Kroll’s many businesses and
determined that several – while good, solid
businesses – were not in keeping with MMC’s long-
term objectives for growth and should therefore be
divested. We sold Kroll’s U.S. and U.K. restructuring
businesses to their senior executives in late 2008.
Several other Kroll businesses, including the
government services unit, may be divested when
market conditions improve.
Maintain the performance of Guy Carpenter.
A new
management team led by Peter Zaffino was installed
at Guy Carpenter in the first quarter and quickly
undertook measures to restructure the business. For
the year, profitability was maintained in a difficult
environment, a performance turnaround that is a
credit to the new senior leadership at that operating
company.
Continue profitable growth at Mercer and Oliver
Wyman.
Our two largest consulting businesses were
impacted by the financial crisis that engulfed the
U.S. and other major economies in the second half
of 2008. Under the leadership of Michele Burns and
John Drzik, Mercer and Oliver Wyman began
implementing cost-saving steps to offset the effects
of potentially reduced demand. As a result, Mercer
posted an excellent year, showing growth in both
underlying revenue and profitability. At Oliver
Wyman, a realignment of capacity leaves the
company better positioned to handle projected
levels of demand in the year ahead.
Reshape the focus of the MMC Corporate Center.
In 2008, we undertook efforts to clarify the roles and
responsibilities of the Corporate Center and began to
implement initiatives designed to provide more
efficient and cost-effective support to the portfolio
of companies that comprise MMC. Areas providing
technology, real estate and procurement services
were consolidated into a new unit, Technology &
Business Services (TBS). In addition, executives were
hired for two positions crucial to our continued
success: In September, Vanessa Wittman joined as
Chief Financial Officer and Orlando Ashford was
hired as Head of MMC Human Resources.
In short, the 2008 objectives we set for ourselves
were largely achieved, a feat all the more
impressive given that it took place against the
backdrop of the most severe recession in decades. I
am deeply proud of the work of MMC’s management
2008 and to manage MMC in a manner that
produces acceptable returns in this difficult
environment.
However, we also need to recognize the
importance of striking the correct balance: We
must manage MMC prudently in the current
environment, but we must undertake the
initiatives and make the appropriate
investments that will better position the
company for long-term growth and stability.
We will continue, for example, to seek
thoughtful, accretive acquisitions that enhance
the market-leading positions of our operating
companies. We will also seek to improve our
technology infrastructure to gain greater
efficiencies and to stay competitive. And we
will invest in people: in attracting talent,
whether individuals or teams, and in retaining
the great professionals already at the firm.
During the past year, we put together a largely
new senior leadership team for MMC. We have
already begun to see the evidence of what this
top-flight group of executives can produce. In
2009, I will be working with this team to ensure
that we are aligned in our focus to execute on
MMC’s short-term goals while making the
decisions necessary to assure long-term success.
My major goals as CEO for 2009 include:
Manage MMC prudently in the face of
uncertainty,
resulting in growth in earnings
while protecting the key assets of the firm.
Invest in protecting and enhancing our human
capital
through talent development and
increased employee engagement.
Ensure that the MMC Operating Companies,
the MMC Corporate Center and TBS execute
their strategies
and react to macro-economic
and market changes in a timely manner.
Specific goals for the Operating Companies
include:
Marsh.
Continue the transformation of the
U.S. business and effectively launch Marsh &
McLennan Agency for the small and emerging
growth sector.
Guy Carpenter.
Capitalize on opportunities
for growth amid continued industry
consolidation.
Mercer and Oliver Wyman.
Continue to
manage these companies effectively during the
continued turbulent business conditions.
Kroll.
Continue to build Kroll as a company,
supporting short- and medium-term growth
while reducing economic impact on market-
sensitive lines of business.
2008
was an excellent reminder for us
all that no one can predict the
future. However, I can say with confidence that
our achievements last year make for an
excellent foundation on which to continue our
success in 2009. If we continue to execute on
all of our strategies across the operating
companies – and assuming that economic
conditions do not take a dramatic turn for the
worse – I feel comfortable saying that although
we do not expect this year to be easy, we have
the pieces in place to produce profitable growth.
It is also important to remember that while the
current economic environment is a stressful
one, MMC’s value proposition is to provide
clients with the ideas, insights and solutions to
help them mitigate risk and manage through
times of crisis. Our goal is be the preeminent
source of innovative and cutting-edge
thinking – what we call “thought leadership.” In
times like these, when the very ground on
which our clients stand is shifting, our expertise
will be in even greater demand. For MMC, great
challenges present great opportunities.
I believe in our mission: MMC is a professional
services firm committed to assist our clients in
the protection and enhancement of value
through advice and solutions in risk, strategy
and human capital. We have the right
companies under the MMC umbrella to achieve
our goals, a talented executive team leading the
company, and more than 54,000 colleagues
around the world doing their best each day for
their clients. I look forward to our mutual
success.
Sincerely,
Brian Duperreault,
President and CEO
February 27, 2009
team and everything they were able to accomplish
last year.
As we began 2009, we continued to face uncertainty.
While we all, including our clients, would like to see
dramatically improved economic conditions this
year, we cannot rely on that scenario and will
manage MMC accordingly. Our first priorities for
2009 are to continue the momentum we achieved in