Dear Shareholder,
2009 was marked by the ravages of an exceptional global economic downturn that spared few. Within this context, Philip Morris International Inc. (PMI) withstood the pressures better than most, and delivered a financial performance that was singularly robust. While we clearly benefited from the inherently favorable characteristics of our industry and most notably our pricing power, it is noteworthy that, for the second year in succession since becoming a public company in March 2008, we outperformed our key competitors across most, if not all, important like-for-like performance measures. It is my pleasure to share some of these key highlights with you in this letter.

how innovation at PMI is a driving force behind our profitable growth, from the successful roll-out of the new  Marlboro architecture to our activities in critical business areas such as sales and marketing, manufacturing and research and development. 2009 Financial Highlights n  Although our relative organic cigarette volume performance, defined as excluding acquisitions, compared favorably to our industry peers and the broader consumer packaged goods sector, we fell short of our target of 1% organic growth. Indeed, organic unit volume suffered a 1.5% erosion versus the level achieved in 2008. However, this volume shortfall was principally attributable to total market contractions driven by the economic downturn. n  Market share performance was a key highlight of the year, with 70% of our top 30 operating companies income (OCI) markets registering a stable or growing trend. Those few markets that incurred share erosion all suffered from a combination, to varying degrees, of factors related to the economic downturn. A testament to the breadth and scope of our market share performance is the solid share growth in OECD as well as in non-OECD markets, with both recording growing momentum, reflecting to a great degree the impact of our new product launches as the year unfolded. (See charts on page 5.) n  Net revenues, excluding excise taxes, of $25.0 billion were up a solid 5.3%, excluding currency and acquisitions, firmly in the middle of our mid to long-term, constant currency annual growth target of between 4% and 6%. n  Price was the key factor behind our robust financial performance, contributing $2.0 billion versus 2008, offsetting, by three and a half times, our unfavorable volume/mix. We took pricing in all key markets, with the notable exceptions of Japan and Korea. We are hopeful that the extensive efforts we have deployed in these two markets will lead to pricing freedom in 2010.

Elsewhere in this Annual Report, you will read more about

Louis C. Camilleri Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer n  Reported OCI of $10.3 billion was a strong 9.3% ahead

of 2008, excluding the impact of currency and acquisitions. For the second year in a row, we outstripped our mid to long-term, constant currency OCI annual growth target range of between 6% and 8%, an enviable achievement given the adverse global economic environment. n  Earnings per share (EPS) and discretionary cash flow performance, defined as operating cash flow less capital  expenditures, were exceptionally strong. Adjusted diluted EPS
3

were up by 15.4%, excluding an adverse currency impact of $0.53 per share, versus 2008. n  Discretionary cash flow performance of slightly more than $7.1 billion in 2009 was driven, in part, by strict management of working capital, the absence of significant forestalling inventories as a result of our concerted effort to seek reform on this front, as well as a disciplined focus on capital expenditures, which amounted to $715 million for the full year. In 2009, 29% of our net revenues, excluding excise taxes, were transformed into discretionary cash flow, a top-of-class performance compared to our industry peers.  n  We continued to deploy our discretionary cash flow to reward shareholders. We increased our quarterly dividend in September 2009 by 7.4% to an annualized level of $2.32 per common share. Our share repurchases in 2009 totaled $5.5 billion or 129.7 million shares. The combination of dividends paid to shareholders and the share repurchase program means we have returned more than $17 billion to our shareholders since the spin-off in 2008 through 2009, a level that exceeded 18% of our market capitalization at year-end 2009. n  In February 2010, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of $12 billion over three years, to commence in May 2010 upon the expiry of the current program.
$2.80 $3.31 $3.82

share gains and the improvement in the demographics of the brand. Our focus on product innovation has not been restricted to Marlboro. There has been tremendous progress behind L&M, Parliament, Virginia Slims, Chesterfield, Lark and numerous other regional or domestic brands. Business Development and R&D On the business development front, a number of actions have been taken that should bear fruit in the years to come. In February 2010, we announced a tremendous new business collaboration in the Philippines with Fortune Tobacco Corporation (FTC) that will cement our leadership in South East Asia. The Philippines is among the largest global cigarette markets and FTC is one of the five largest privatelyowned cigarette companies in the world. We await Competition Authority clearance in Colombia for our acquisition of Protabaco and remain optimistic that it will be granted during the second quarter of 2010. The integration of Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc., in Canada, is proceeding smoothly, and our results are ahead of plan. Our joint venture in India, which we control, is now fully operational, and our smokeless international joint venture with Swedish Match and our promising other tobacco product (OTP) acquisitions in Norway and South Africa are progressing well. Our efforts to develop a reduced risk and ultimately reduced harm product are advancing in a diligent and disciplined manner, as we manage the complex issues surrounding product development and the scientific basis for any claims and potential regulatory frameworks. In May 2009, we officially opened our new Research & Development center in Neuchâtel, Switzerland.

Robust EPS Growth
Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share Excluding Currency


+15.4%

$1.84

$2.16

$2.32

Increased Dividend
Annualized Dividend Rate per Share


2007

2008

2009

n  Our generous dividend and share repurchase program

underpin our commitment to enhancing long-term shareholder value. Since the spin-off of PMI on March 28, 2008, 0 our total shareholder return (TSR), on a U.S. dollar basis, has been 2.5%. Though modest, it has handsomely outperformed 0 our company peer group (-0.7%), our tobacco peer group (-10.4%) and the S&P 500 (-11.5%). For the full year 2009, our TSR was 16.5% on the same basis. Brand Performance Much of what we set out to accomplish with the spin-off of PMI is happening before our very eyes. We are more nimble, less risk averse and more performance driven than ever. Examples of this abound and several are shared later in this Report. They include the ambitious, yet structured, roll-out of the new Marlboro brand architecture, which in numerous instances has re-energized the brand. This is best exemplified by our widespread market and segment
4

+7.4%

March 2008

August 2008

September 2009

The Regulatory and Fiscal Environment One of PMI's important long-term strategies is the pursuit of comprehensive regulation governing the manufacture, marketing, sale and use of tobacco products. Our support of comprehensive regulation and related fiscal policies is one element of the broader goal of harm reduction. We do not support regulations that would deprive us of our ability to compete fairly with other manufacturers or that would deprive adult consumers of the ability to select, buy and

Total PMI Share(a) (in percent)
25.2
26

OECD Share(a) (b) (in percent)
33.5
35

Non-OECD Share(a) (b) (in percent)
20.0
21

25.8

26.0

34.5

34.9

20.8

21.0

Accelerating Share Growth
"A testament to the

25

34

20

24

33

19

breadth and scope of our market share performance is the solid share growth in OECD as well as in nonOECD markets."

23

2007

2008

2009

32

2007

2008

2009

18

2007

2008

2009

(a)

Excluding PRC and USA (b) Also excluding Duty Free Source PMI estimates For a definition of OECD countries, refer to PMI's Registration Statement on Form 10, Information Statement (page 68) dated March 7, 2008

use the tobacco products they prefer. Regulations should be evidence-based and should not lead to adverse consequences such as illicit trade. In this regard, we do not support ineffective and excessive regulatory measures, such as product display bans and plain packaging, which rely on spurious evidence and are unlikely to reduce tobacco consumption, but conversely will most assuredly result in adverse effects, especially increased illicit trade. We are actively challenging such proposals, seeking transparent and full consideration of them by governments. On the excise tax front, we continue to make significant progress. Of particular note are the reforms announced in the EU and Indonesia and the widespread application or implementation of higher specific-to-total tax ratios and the adoption of more flexible minimum excise tax levels. The Organization On the organizational front, there has been extensive progress as we seek to nurture and develop our talent pool and our future leadership. The appointment of several new members of the Senior Management Team has energized the entire organization. Our biennial employee survey revealed that the organi zation is engaged, committed and our employees are proud to work for PMI. We continue to make great strides in our company-wide risk assessment and management programs. We also continue to nurture a strong culture of compliance and ethics at all levels of the organization. As I mentioned in my inaugural letter to you last year, we have a formidable Board of Directors with vast complementary skills and expertise. In terms of corporate governance, I believe that the Board of Directors and management work exceedingly well together. Transparency and candor have been the key ingredients behind this tremendous collaboration. In June 2010, Chuck Wall, Vice Chairman and General Counsel, is scheduled to retire after an illustrious career of more than 20 years with our former parent company, Altria Group, Inc. and, more recently, PMI. Chuck is undoubtedly one of the, if not the, best General Counsels to have ever served a corporation. We also bid farewell to Jean-Claude Kunz,

President, Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa Region and PMI Duty Free, who retires in June after a career of 27 years. PMI would not be the industry leader in the EEMA Region today had it not been, in large part, for his vision, determination and leadership. In September 2009, Georges Diserens, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, retired after 33 years of distinguished service. Georges embodies the true values of PMI and has been a role model for us all. It is a testament to the depth and vitality of our talent pool and our attractiveness as a preferred employer that we have filled each of these positions with executives of the highest caliber who, I am confident, will lead us through the coming years with the same passion and excellence as those they succeed. The Year Ahead All in all, we delivered very solid results in 2009 despite a challenging economic environment. We met, or exceeded, our principal financial targets, and we did so in a high-quality manner. Our commitment to enhance long-term shareholder value, coupled with our recent strong results and the predictability of our earnings and cash flow growth, is slowly but surely being recognized by the investment community. We enter 2010 with significant momentum and a potential currency tailwind. The watch-out remains the fragility of the economic recovery, particularly with regard to employment levels and currency volatility, and its inevitable impact on total consumption levels and product mix. We nevertheless believe that we can, yet again, deliver a solid financial performance due, in large part, to the actions and investments we made in 2008 and 2009. My final words are left to salute, with my heartfelt gratitude, the dedication and professionalism of our outstanding employees who remind me, on a daily basis, of my good fortune to be part of this magnificent company.

Louis C. Camilleri Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2010
5

