Dear Shareholder,
Our spin-off from Altria Group, Inc. (Altria) in March 2008, and subsequent flawless transition to our new status as the most profitable publicly traded tobacco company in the world, marked the beginning of an exceptionally strong year for us. While we were not completely spared the effects of the global financial erosion and volatility in the capital markets, we achieved tremendous business momentum and have set the stage for further growth in 2009 and beyond. I am delighted to share with you some of the significant highlights of 2008 in this, my inaugural shareholders' letter as Chairman and CEO of Philip Morris International Inc. (PMI). The Spin-Off The separation from Altria has had several noticeable and anticipated benefits, not least of which has been an improved focus on our varied market dynamics, competitive frameworks,  challenges and opportunities. The elimination of a parent company management structure has also fostered quicker decision making, and a more optimal and efficient capital allocation, coupled with greater financial flexibility. Following the spin-off, we were fortunate to establish a formidable Board of Directors with vast complementary skills and expertise. The Board is currently composed of five former independent Altria Board members, each of whom had served Altria for an average of 13 years and who are therefore intimately familiar with our business and prospects, and three new members, all of whom bring extensive global experience to the Board, which will undoubtedly prove to be invaluable in the years ahead. You should also know that we are blessed with a depth of senior management talent, including my direct reports who are shown in this letter, that shares a common passion for this wonderful company and is committed to creating, and sustaining, shareholder value. While today, they represent the icing on the cake, rest assured that there is an entire new wave of highly talented leaders who will propel PMI to ever greater heights in the years and decades to come. 2008 Results Our operating performance in 2008 delivered results that met, or outpaced, all of our mid to long-term targets for volume and constant currency net revenues, operating income and earnings per share. These can be summarized as follows: n Net revenues, excluding excise taxes, reached $25.7 billion, up $2.9 billion or 12.7% versus 2007, and up $1.3 billion or 5.6% on an organic basis, which is excluding acquisitions and currency, representing the high end of our long-term, constant currency target growth rate of between 4% and 6%; n Operating companies income grew an impressive $1.5 billion or 16.7%, and $0.9 billion or 9.9% on an organic basis, well ahead of our long-term operating income growth target of between 6% and 8%. While price was the most significant contributor to organic income growth, the most remarkable achievement was the absence of a negative volume/mix offset, reflecting a shift in our geographic mix to faster-growing emerging markets that generate rapidly improving unit margins; n Total cigarette volume of 869.8 billion units exceeded 2007 by 21.1 billion or 2.5%. On an organic basis, excluding the impact of acquisitions, volume was up 1.0% versus 2007, reflecting our best performance in recent years. Emerging

Louis C. Camilleri Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

André Calantzopoulos Chief Operating Officer

4

markets were the principal growth driver, partially offset by the EU Region and Japan, attributable to continued total consumption declines in these markets; n Market share performance, which had been mixed in previous years, was both solid and broad-based, reflect ing innovative marketing programs, consumer engagement activities, enhanced brand support and new product initiatives; n Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.32 grew by 18.6% versus the 2007 adjusted earnings per share, and by 13.2% on a constant currency basis. Our momentum was such that we twice increased our earnings per share guidance to the investment community as the year unfolded; n Our balance sheet remains exceedingly strong. In our debut year as an independent company, we successfully accessed the capital markets and issued $10.1 billion of bonds at various well-laddered tenures and currencies at an attractive aggregate interest cost of 5.8%; n In parallel with our focus on top-line growth, we are fully on track with our three-year, gross productivity and cost savings program of $1.55 billion, announced in March, generating a third of these savings in 2008. The single most important element of the program was the successful transfer to our factories in Europe of some 57 billion cigarettes that previously had been contract-manufactured by PM USA. This initiative alone will generate pre-tax savings of $179 million by the end of 2009; n Our resolve to reward shareholders remained steadfast despite the financial market turbulence. We increased our annual dividend in August 2008 by 17.4% to meet our 65% target payout ratio and reached an annualized rate of $2.16 per share. Our share repurchases in 2008 totaled $5.4 billion or 106.8 million shares, a rate of buy-back in keeping with our

$13 billion, two-year share repurchase program that began in May 2008; and n From March 28 to December 31, 2008, our weighted average total shareholder return in U.S. dollars in 2008 was down 12.0%, due to the impact of the global financial crisis. While such an erosion is disappointing, we take some minor consolation from the fact the like-for-like returns of the S&P 500 and our company peer group were down 30.0% and 18.5%, respectively. Brand Performance Marlboro had a good year in 2008. Volume of 310.7 billion units was up 0.5 billion units or 0.2%, the brand's first yearon-year growth since 2005. Our flagship brand's new architecture, which rests on three key distinct taste and image pillars, is being successfully rolled out across the world in a diligent and timely manner. New launches that have demonstrated considerable success include Marlboro Filter Plus, Marlboro Intense, Marlboro Pocket Pack and Marlboro Compact, as well as various Marlboro Gold and Fresh line extensions, including the highly successful Marlboro Black Menthol launch in Japan. The necessary strategy to revamp L&M is starting to bear fruit. While the brand continues to struggle in Russia, it is stable and exhibiting signs of a turnaround in several markets within its EEMA Region stronghold. Elsewhere, it is faring remarkably well as evidenced by its volume surge of 33.2% in Germany, where it is currently the fastest-growing cigarette brand on the market. Our other key premium and mid-price brands, led by Parliament, Chesterfield and Virginia Slims, had a record year with robust growth across a broad geographic spectrum. Indeed, Parliament 's volume grew by 6.2 billion units versus

52%867(36*52:7+
 

,1&5($6('',9,'(1'
2.5

$GMXVWHG 'LOXWHG (DUQLQJV SHU6KDUH
O

 
O

$QQXDOL]HG 'LYLGHQG 5DWHSHU6KDUH

2.0





1.5

1.0

0.5





0DUFK 

$XJXVW 

0.0

5

2007 or 20.0%, Chesterfield by 4.9 billion units or 13.7% and Virginia Slims by 0.9 billion units or 8.2%. The strength of our brand portfolio extends into the lowprice category. Our key brands in this segment, Bond Street, Next and Red & White, collectively grew by 3.8% in 2008. Together with our strong local brands, such as Diana in Italy and Delicados in Mexico, these brands are ideally positioned to cater to consumers looking for alternatives in the mid and low-price categories. Throughout this Annual Report, you will read of examples of how product innovation is a driving force behind the success of our portfolio of leading brands. Business Development There was considerable activity on the business development front during 2008. We successfully completed the acquisition of Rothmans Inc. in Canada at our original tender offer price of CAD $30 per share, for an aggregate transaction value of approximately CAD $2.0 billion ($1.9 billion based on the exchange rate prevailing at the time of the acquisition). We also enhanced our presence in the growing fine cut segment in the EU Region with the acquisition of Interval, the leading fine

cut brand in France. In February 2009, we augmented this presence further with the acquisition of the fine cut trademark Petterøes, which had a leading 2008 market share of 58% in the Norwegian roll-your-own segment. Our focus on Other Tobacco Products (OTP) is yielding significant rewards. In 2008, OTP volume was up 18.1% on an organic basis and 30.9% including our acquired volume in Canada and France. As part of the progress made on several other ongoing business development initiatives, the most recent to come to fruition was our joint venture with Swedish Match AB. Announced in February 2009, the joint venture will develop, manufacture, distribute and sell smoke-free tobacco products worldwide, excluding Scandinavia and the U.S. While not material to our results, 2008 also witnessed the launch of domestically manufactured Marlboro in China. In addition, the international joint venture with the China National Tobacco Corporation (CNTC) continued to progress with numerous launches in several markets that have captured promising initial market shares. These sustained efforts will continue to advance our goal of becoming CNTC's key strategic partner. The Regulatory and Fiscal Environment One of PMI's important long-term strategies is the pursuit of comprehensive regulation and fiscal policies governing the manufacture, marketing, sale, and use of tobacco products. Our support of comprehensive regulation and related fiscal policies is one element of the broader goal of harm reduction. Our support of regulations that are aligned with the public health objective of reducing harm caused by tobacco products does not, however, mean that we support each and every proposal made by public health groups. As a guiding principle, we will not support regulations that would deprive us of our ability to compete fairly with other manufacturers or deprive adult consumers of the ability to buy and use tobacco products. In this regard, we do not support the growing call for product display bans and plain packaging, which not only

Even Hurwitz Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs

Charles R. Wall Vice Chairman and General Counsel

Hermann Waldemer Chief Financial Officer

Daniele Regorda Senior Vice President, Human Resources

6

$ & & ( / ( 5 $7 , 1 *  6 + $ 5 (  * 5 2 : 7 +
7RWDO30,6KDUHD
LQ


2(&'6KDUHDE
LQ

1RQ2(&'6KDUHDE
LQ

" Our market shares are growing overall, in OECD and non-OECD countries, and our share growth is accelerating."



 























 





 



 00



 



 00



 



 00

D

([FOXGLQJ35&DQG86$E$OVRH[FOXGLQJ'XW\)UHH6RXUFH30,HVWLPDWHV )RUDGHILQLWLRQRI2(&'FRXQWULHVUHIHUWR30,¶V5HJLVWUDWLRQ6WDWHPHQWRQ)RUPSDJHGDWHG0DUFK 00UHIHUVWRWKUHHPRQWKPRYLQJDYHUDJH

rely on spurious evidence, but which also ignore the potential unintended consequences of such actions, particularly with regard to illicit trade. On the fiscal front, governments continue to establish more favorable tax structures, close loopholes, avoid sudden and excessive increases in tax incidence and introduce minimum price regulations. The Organization As expected, there has been significant progress on the organizational front in our first year as a publicly traded company. An excellent team spirit prevails at the senior management level and beyond, and I believe that morale is strong throughout the organization. Numerous career moves and appointments have been made to enhance our organizational effectiveness, develop our exceptional pool of talent and strengthen our succession readiness. A new compensation system has been rolled out, and our retention ratios remain healthy. A new performance appraisal methodology has been adopted, which is more aligned to individual development needs and career progression. The Year Ahead As I write, our second year as an independent company is already underway. The global economic environment remains challenging, and we are witnessing unusually volatile and adverse currency movements. While currency

will hurt our results this year, we are encouraged by the excellent momentum we enjoy in our business fundamentals. Our market shares are growing overall, in OECD and nonOECD countries, and our share growth is accelerating. We have a superb stable of products, led by Marlboro, the only truly global cigarette brand. In my opinion, we have the greatest global reach and best geographic balance in the industry. Our ambitious productivity program is on track and delivering substantial cost savings. Our business generates tremendous cash flows which, combined with our exceptionally strong balance sheet, provide us with excellent liquidity. Finally, my optimism in the future of our company is firmly rooted in the confidence I have in the dedication and enthusiasm of our leadership talent and employees, all of whom have clearly shown me that change is healthy, success is contagious and nothing is impossible.

Louis C. Camilleri Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2009

7

