Martin J. Barrington

Dear Fellow Shareholders,
2014 was a very strong year for Altria and its shareholders. Our core businesses grew their operating companies' income and margins and maintained market leadership in their respective categories. Nu Mark continued to develop a robust pipeline of innovative tobacco products. And our total shareholder return for the year was 34.5%, far outpacing the S&P 500 return of 13.7%. Here are some important highlights from 2014: n We grew our full-year adjusted diluted EPS by 8.0%. n We increased our dividend 8.3%, and paid  shareholders $3.9 billion in dividends. n Marlboro achieved record retail share of 43.8% and   remains larger than the next 10 competitive brands combined. n Copenhagen and Skoal achieved their highest  combined market share since we acquired UST   with over 50% of the smokeless market. n Nu Mark expanded its MarkTen e-vapor product   nationally and acquired Green Smoke to complement   its portfolio. n Ste. Michelle's wines achieved more than 180 ratings   of 90 points or better.  Last year, we strengthened our core tobacco businesses while continuing to build the foundation for the future. Our focus on consistency over the long term is part of what makes Altria such an attractive investment. For our employees, our workplaces improved as we pursued greater innovation, more fully embraced diversity and inclusion and streamlined our business. How we conduct business is as important as the results we achieve. Our Mission and Values define and guide our companies' and employees' behavior. We pursue our Mission with integrity, passion and creativity.
1

Chairman of the Board, CEO and President

Our Mission

Our Mission is to own and develop financially disciplined businesses that are leaders in responsibly providing adult tobacco and wine consumers with superior branded products. Our Mission is driven by four Goals and five Values guide our behavior.

Our Goals
Invest In Leadership Satisfy Adult Consumers Align With Society Create Substantial Value for Shareholders

Our Values
Integrity, Trust and Respect Passion to Succeed

Executing With Quality

Driving Creativity Into Everything We Do

Sharing With Others

Marlboro Architecture
Marlboro's retail share at 43.8% is larger than the next 10 brands combined.

Black & Mild's Performance

Black & Mild's performance drove cigars shipment volume increase of over 6%.

Smokeless Products

Copenhagen and Skoal achieved over 50% retail share of the smokeless category.

Long-Term Financial Goals
Altria has a remarkably strong track record of consistently delivering for our shareholders. We met our two long-term financial goals in 2014. Our first is to grow adjusted diluted EPS at an average annual rate of 7% to 9%. Last year, we grew our adjusted diluted EPS by 8.0%. In fact, we've grown our adjusted diluted EPS at a compounded annual rate of 8.0% since 2009, despite the significant recession. Our second long-term goal is to maintain a target dividend payout ratio of approximately 80% of adjusted diluted EPS. Our annualized dividend payout ratio for 2014 was 80.9%, which was the highest in the S&P Food, Beverage & Tobacco Index. We're proud to say we've raised the dividend 48 times in the past 45 years.

Maximize Income from Core Tobacco Businesses
The smokeable products segment performance last year was outstanding. We delivered strong adjusted operating companies income growth of 6.7%, driven by higher pricing. Adjusted operating companies income margins also increased for the year to 44.1%. The investments in the Marlboro architecture PM USA made over the past couple of years are paying dividends, and we're excited about the brand's strong equity and momentum. In the smokeless products segment, we strengthened our leadership position behind the combined performance of Copenhagen and Skoal. U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company grew full-year adjusted operating companies income by more than 3%, despite a slow-down in the industry volume growth rate.

Our Three Core Strategies
We deliver on our long-term financial goals and execute our three strategies:
n

maximizing income from our core tobacco  businesses over the long term; n growing new income streams through  innovative tobacco products; and n managing our diverse income streams and  strong balance sheet to deliver consistent  financial performance.

2

Nu Mark's Acquisition
Green Smoke complements Nu Mark's portfolio.

Ste. Michelle Wine Estates
180 ratings of 90 points or better.

e-Vapor Category

In December, Nu Mark completed its national launch of MarkTen e-vapor products, achieving distribution in over 130,000 stores.

Innovative Tobacco Products
While our core businesses remain strong and lead the industry, this is a dynamic time for the U.S. tobacco industry. Our tobacco companies succeed by listening to their adult tobacco consumers. Our research shows that many adult tobacco consumers are interested in innovative tobacco alternatives, so we're focused on meeting their evolving preferences. Of course, innovation isn't new to us. Consumer preferences evolve constantly and so have we. But there are inflection points of change, and our industry is seeing an accelerated pace requiring disciplined, targeted innovation. We've renewed our focus on helping employees think differently in order to drive better and faster innovation. Importantly, we've married this innovation focus with efforts to simplify and streamline our businesses and to promote a more diverse and inclusive culture. The combination of these powerful initiatives helps us both to maximize our core business and to grow new income streams with innovative tobacco products. In 2013, Nu Mark introduced e-vapor products under the MarkTen brand. Although MarkTen has been in the marketplace only about a year, it's already available in over 130,000 stores nationwide and continues to evolve its product features. In April 2014, Nu Mark acquired the e-vapor business of Green Smoke, which has operations in the United States and Israel. Adding Green Smoke's significant e-vapor expertise and experience, along with its supply chain, product lines and customer service, complements Nu Mark's capabilities and enhances its competitive position.

Manage Diverse Income Streams and a Strong Balance Sheet
Our diverse business model and strong balance sheet support our strong and growing dividend and our ability to enhance shareholder returns through share repurchases. In addition to our leading positions in tobacco, Altria's earnings benefit from its unique position in the wine and beer categories. Altria owns Ste. Michelle Wine Estates, a leading domestic wine producer, importer and distributor. Its premium wineries include Chateau Ste. Michelle, Columbia Crest, 14 Hands and Stag's Leap Wine Cellars. Its portfolio earned more than 180 ratings of 90 points or better in 2014. In fact, the Stag's Leap Wine Cellars 2012 Cask 23 Cabernet received the highest rating in the company's history. In 2014, Ste. Michelle grew its operating companies income by 13.6%. Altria also holds an approximate 27% stake in SABMiller plc. Equity earnings from our investment in SABMiller have been a solid contributor to Altria's earnings per share over time. In 2014, Altria recorded pre-tax earnings from its SABMiller equity investment of more than $1 billion. In August 2014, our Board of Directors increased the regular quarterly dividend by 8.3% to $0.52 per share. Altria paid shareholders nearly $4 billion in dividends during the year. In the third quarter, Altria completed the prior $1 billion share repurchase program. In July 2014, the Board authorized a new $1 billion program, which Altria expects to complete by the end of 2015.

3

$21.4 million provided to help reduce underage product use

FDA Regulation of Tobacco Products
When Congress was considering granting FDA authority to regulate tobacco products, Altria and its companies stood alone within the tobacco industry in supporting such regulation. By doing so, we hoped to provide leadership in helping resolve many of the issues that concern the public, our consumers and the public health community. Since FDA began regulating tobacco products in 2009, we have worked hard -- and successfully -- to comply with its many important regulations. We also have engaged constructively and openly with FDA on important scientific and policy questions. We support regulation based on the science and evidence. We support FDA extending its authority over all tobacco products, including cigars and e-vapor products. In April 2014, FDA proposed regulations that would do just that. We believe FDA has an unprecedented opportunity to advance public health goals by recognizing that some types of tobacco products may be less harmful than others.
n

Helping Reduce Underage Product Use
Altria's tobacco companies continue to be committed to helping reduce underage tobacco use. Each company takes this commitment seriously and supports it by identifying, developing and executing programs to help reduce underage tobacco use.
n

    
n

  

Altria's tobacco companies continued their  investment in the Success360° initiative.  Success360° helps non-profit organizations better  support middle school kids' academic achievement  and healthy development through collaboration in  and out of the classroom. According to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, the rate of current tobacco product use  among 12-17 year olds declined to 7.8% in 2013,  down from 15.2% in 2002.

National Survey on Drug Use and Health, 2002-2013
Tobaccco Products Cigarettes Cigars
20 15 10 5 0 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13
7.8% 5.6% 2.3% 2.0% 0.6%

Smokeless Tobaccco Pipes

 
n

     

We made 15 submissions in 2014 to FDA and other  government agencies to inform the development of  tobacco product regulation. Our companies continue to engage and share  science-based information with FDA and  others in public health about harm reduction. For example, in 2014, seven of our scientists  presented at the 68th annual Tobacco Science  Research Conference, which included members of public health, academia and scientific communities.

Source: National Survey on Drug Use and Health, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration

4

50,000 employee volunteer hours

Investing in Communities
In 2014, our companies contributed over $50 million to hundreds of non-profit organizations to support education, youth development, arts, environment, and other community needs. In addition, the Altria Companies Employee Community Fund provided grants totaling $3.1 million to over 100 non-profits in our companies' operating locations. We believe these investments contribute to more vibrant communities and ones that are attractive to our employees and other businesses.
n

n

Led by our Executive Diversity Council, which I   chair, our initiatives support inclusive leadership   behaviors and shared accountability for talent  development, advancement and recruiting. n Our efforts include mentoring, inclusive leadership  training and support for eight employee resource   groups in which more than a thousand of our   employees participate. In summary, the Executive Leadership team and I are very pleased with Altria's strong business performance and the momentum of our company. Our core tobacco businesses performed well, and we made disciplined investments in innovation. We've continued to manage our diverse business model and strong balance sheet, with the objective of delivering consistent earnings and dividend growth. We want to thank our talented employees for delivering strong results and their steadfast commitment to our Mission and Values. Thank you for your continuing interest and commitment to our great company, and for the continuing privilege of serving as your Chairman, CEO and President.

   
n

 
n



Altria was recognized as one of America's most  community-minded companies in The Civic 50,  an annual survey that identifies and recognizes  companies for their commitment to improve the quality  of life in the communities where they do business. In 2014, Altria's employees volunteered more than  50,000 hours in company-sponsored community  service projects. Over 60 Altria executives serve on the boards of 100 community organizations.

Diversity and Inclusion
We remain successful in an increasingly dynamic environment by enhancing our efforts to develop diverse and talented leaders. Our vision is clear: we seek and value differences to drive our success. We are building a culture where everyone is welcome and challenged to contribute to our success. Our vision guides how we approach and engage our employees, communities, suppliers and other stakeholders.

Martin J. Barrington Chairman of the Board, CEO and President March 3, 2015

5

