Dear Shareholder
Our consumer products companies invested in strong premium brands that provide the foundation for income growth.
Martin J. Barrington

I am pleased to report that Altria delivered strong results and returns for our shareholders in 2012. Altria grew its full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) by 7.8% behind the business performance of our operating companies, complemented by higher earnings from our equity investment in SABMiller. Our total shareholder return of 11.8% for the full year outperformed our U.S. tobacco peers and the S&P 500's consumer staples sector.

Satisfy Adult Consumers and Create Substantial Value for Shareholders. We highlight some examples of our actions in the pages that follow. Our consumer products companies invested in strong premium brands that provide the foundation for income growth. Each of our tobacco companies seeks to grow income while maintaining modest share momentum for its core premium brands. Despite a continuing, challenging external environment, our tobacco operating companies' premium brands had an excellent year as our companies continued making investAnnualized Dividend ($) ments for their long-term success. These companies grew +7.3% their adjusted OCI in the smokeable and smokeless products segments and gained retail share in cigarettes, cigars and smokeless tobacco for the full year of 2012. $1.76 In the smokeable products segment, PM USA introduced $1.64 Marlboro's new brand architecture in 2012 and supported Marlboro's four product families, Red, Gold, Green and Black with brand-building activities throughout the year. These activities included the expanded distribution of products and equityenhancing promotions that engaged millions of adult smokers. PM USA also engaged adult competitive smokers with trialgenerating promotions that PM USA moderated as the year 2011 2012 progressed. Middleton continued to enhance Black & Mild 's product portfolio with seasonal offerings and the introduction of Black & Mild Jazz untipped cigarillos into select states. In the smokeless products segment, Copenhagen and Skoal delivered solid volume growth and retail share gains on a combined basis for the full year. These results were primarily due to the ongoing contributions of Copenhagen Long Cut Wintergreen and Long Cut Straight and the expansion of Copenhagen Southern Blend. In wine, Ste. Michelle delivered volume growth with a continued emphasis on expanding distribution into offpremise channels.

Adjusted Diluted EPS Growth *

+7.8% $2.21 $2.05

2011

2012

* Further explanations and reconciliations of adjusted measures to corresponding GAAP financial measures are provided on the Adjusted Financial Measures page at the back of the report.

Altria's results were driven by our employees' continued focus on our Mission to own and develop financially disciplined businesses that are leaders in responsibly providing adult tobacco and wine consumers with superior branded products. Our Values of Integrity, Trust and Respect, Executing with Quality, Passion to Succeed, Driving Creativity into Everything We Do and Sharing with Others guide our behavior as we pursue this Mission and our business strategies. Altria made significant progress in 2012 as we executed our four core strategies to Invest in Leadership, Align with Society,

2

Our tobacco operating companies continued to pursue product innovation. Products introduced in recent years by Marlboro, Black & Mild, Copenhagen and Skoal gained retail share and contributed to our companies' full-year share growth in 2012. We are closely monitoring adult tobacco consumer interest in alternative tobacco products and our tobacco operating companies are working internally and through partnerships to develop innovative, new products for them. Some of our new products are available in lead markets where we are learning while making disciplined financial investments. Our tobacco operating companies effectively managed costs in 2012. For the full year, effective cost management and higher pricing supported the expansion of adjusted OCI margins for the smokeable and smokeless products segments. We made significant progress on our current cost reduction program by reducing headcount, consolidating certain facilities, improving business processes and pursuing other savings. These actions, with initiatives planned for 2013 as part of the program, make us confident that we will achieve our goal of $400 million in annualized savings versus previously planned spending by the end of 2013. Altria also maintained a strong balance sheet that enabled it to continue to deliver strong cash returns to you, our shareholders. Altria took steps in 2012 to enhance its capital structure by purchasing high coupon debt and issuing new, lower cost debt. These actions reduced our 2018 and 2019 maturity towers, lowered future interest expense and reduced our weighted average coupon rate. Dividends contributed 5.8% to our 2012 total shareholder return as Altria maintained its target dividend payout ratio of 80% of its adjusted diluted EPS and increased its dividend by 7.3% in August. Altria paid shareholders $3.4 billion in cash dividends in 2012.

Altria joined with a broad coalition of businesses, associations and shareholders to support making permanent the lower personal tax rates on dividend income and maintaining parity between the tax treatment of dividends and capital gains. Many of you contacted your elected officials on this issue and we thank you for making your voices heard. Congress and the President now have established dividend and capital gains tax rates for couples earning $450,000 or less between 0 and 15% and at 20% for couples earning more than $450,000. We are pleased that parity has been retained between the tax treatment of dividends and capital gains. In addition to returning cash to shareholders through dividends, Altria repurchased $1.1 billion of its shares in 2012. Altria and its companies are focused on continuously improving our culture of compliance and responsibility. We are pleased that our efforts in this area were recognized by several organizations in 2012. For example, Fortune magazine ranked Altria #4 overall and #1 in the tobacco industry in social responsibility in its Most Admired Companies survey. Altria has also been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index, and Corporate Responsibility magazine ranked Altria 15th on its list of Top 100 Corporate Citizens, up from 35th in 2011.

2012

Our companies continue to support reasonable solutions to the issues surrounding our businesses while defending themselves against unreasonable regulation, legislation and litigation. We expect each of these areas to continue to pose risks that we remain committed to actively managing and seeking to mitigate. On a personal note, it is an honor and a privilege to serve as Altria's Chairman and CEO. The time I spend with the 2010­2012 Total Shareholder Return dedicated employees of our family of companies working hard on your behalf is especially satisfying. I appreciate all 88.4% that they do to help Altria succeed and extend my personal thanks to them for a job well done. 51.8% 35.9%

Annualized Dividend ($)

+7.3% $1.76 $1.64

2011
Source: Altria company reports

2012

Martin J. Barrington S&PExecutive Food, Beverage S&P 500 Altria Chairman of the Board and Chief Officer & Tobacco Index March 8, 2013

Source: Bloomberg Yearly Return (December 31-2011-December 31, 2012). Assumes reinvestment of dividends as of the ex-dividend date. For Altria's Peer Group, see page xxx.

3

