DEAR

I am pleased to report that 2010 was a very successful year for Altria. The Company's diverse business platform delivered strong financial results in a challenging business environment. Altria also continued to improve its regulatory affairs capabilities to adapt to Food and Drug Administration (FDA) oversight, enhanced its compliance and societal alignment initiatives, and achieved substantial success in managing litigation. Our work in these areas led to strong financial results for our shareholders. Last year Altria grew adjusted diluted earnings per share by 8.6%, increased its dividend twice for a total increase of 11.8%, and delivered total shareholder returns of 32.9%. We delivered these results by continuing to follow Altria's Mission and Values framework. Our Mission is to own and develop financially disciplined businesses that are leaders in responsibly providing adult tobacco and wine consumers with superior branded products. The core strategies lead our employees' work in support of this Mission, while the Values guide how the work is done. We have evolved this framework to reflect changes in our businesses, including the addition of Ste. Michelle as well as FDA oversight of tobacco products, while retaining the elements that are critical to our long-term success. On the following pages of this report we outline this framework, and highlight some of the many things our companies' employees did last year in support of this Mission. Over the past several years we have developed a business model that we believe enhances our ability to deliver strong returns to our shareholders over time. Our tobacco operating companies build their positions in the principal tobacco categories behind the premium brands of Marlboro, Copenhagen, Skoal and Black & Mild. Three central service
2

Shareholder
companies ­ Altria Client Services, Altria Sales & Distribution, and Altria Consumer Engagement Services ­ efficiently and effectively support our operating companies, and quickly move resources across these companies in response to changes in the business. In addition, non-tobacco related income diversity is added through Ste. Michelle and our economic interest in SABMiller, which also strengthens the Company's balance sheet. Altria's adult consumer product companies continue to build their businesses with investments behind their leading premium brands. Last year, Marlboro grew to a record full-year retail share behind successful new products such as Marlboro Special Blend and Marlboro Skyline Menthol. Copenhagen grew its full-year retail share of the smokeless products segment due primarily to a series of successful new product launches that expanded the brand's offerings into segments it had historically underserved. Initiatives designed to improve Skoal's performance are planned for 2011, including the national launch of ten new products in the first quarter of this year. Black & Mild faced a challenging business environment in 2010 as the machine-made large cigar category continued experiencing dislocations in the aftermath of the 2009 federal excise tax increase. Middleton made a number of promotional investments that successfully restored Black & Mild to sequential retail share growth in the second half of last year. And finally, wines that Ste. Michelle either produced or represented received 159 ratings of 90 or higher last year, and this strong portfolio of high-quality wines contributed to strong retail volume growth. In conjunction with the performance of our operating companies' brands, effective cost management also helps our operating companies grow income and deliver value to shareholders. Altria and its operating companies delivered $317 million against its cost savings plan last year, and have delivered over $1.3 billion in cost savings across our companies against the $1.5 billion cost reduction program. We are confident that we will complete the program by the end of this year, and although we have announced no formal program after the end of 2011, we recognize that ongoing cost management is an important element of our plans to enhance future shareholder value. Addressing the public affairs and societal issues that are important to our businesses also helps create shareholder value. Our efforts to comply with FDA regulation continued as we enhanced our Regulatory Affairs capabilities to engage effectively with FDA, and PM USA and USSTC also met all of their FDA obligations in a timely manner. We believe that regulation is best achieved through an approach that draws upon the expertise and experience of all stakeholders, including regulated industry, and that our approach will help us succeed in an FDA regulated environment.

We also made important progress on a number of legislative initiatives important to our shareholders and other stakeholders. Altria, working with the Alliance for Savings and Investment, took a leading role in the successful effort to extend the 2010 tax rates on capital gains and dividends. We are also pleased that last year Congress passed the Prevent All Cigarette Trafficking Act which helps combat cigarette tax evasion and illegal underage sales over the internet. In addition, we successfully advocated for our interests at the state level. In 2010 many states faced difficult budgetary situations, and there were nineteen serious attempts to increase excise taxes on our products. Our government affairs professionals worked with others to defeat thirteen of these proposals. Altria's balance sheet also remains a source of great strength that enables us to maximize cash returns to our shareholders. Altria's economic interest in SABMiller adds to earnings and cash flows, historically has increased in value, all while providing a potential source of liquidity. Altria's balance sheet strength enables the Company to target paying out 80% of its adjusted diluted earnings per share to its shareholders in the form of dividends, while also supporting periodic stock buyback programs. In January 2011, Altria's Board of Directors approved a one year $1 billion share repurchase program as an additional way to return cash to shareholders, reflecting our desire to maximize cash returns to shareholders in a financially disciplined way. We believe that Altria remains well positioned for the future, with the opportunity for strong total shareholder returns consisting of solid adjusted diluted earnings per share growth and a significant dividend. Our business platform has diverse income streams and a flexible corporate structure allowing resources to be shifted quickly across the

enterprise in response to changing business dynamics. Our tobacco businesses have great premium brands, with strong brand equities and growth opportunities. In addition, we have highly developed capabilities to deal with the changing regulatory environment and challenging legal issues that face the industry. Altria's balance sheet also remains a source of great strength that enables us to maximize cash returns to our shareholders. As our businesses evolve to meet continuing competitive, economic, legal, regulatory and other challenges, so too must our organization in order to remain well-prepared to deal with these issues. Earlier this year we implemented a new focused leadership structure designed to enhance Altria's responsiveness to evolving regulatory and marketplace opportunities. This new leadership structure focuses management on the four areas of Business Operations; Innovation, Public Affairs, Human Resources and Compliance; Finance; and Law; and should continue building future leadership capabilities. While Altria has many strengths, none is more important than our employees. Altria is blessed with a talented and dedicated organization that worked through a host of complex issues last year to deliver strong business results. Our employees are our strongest asset, and the principal reason I remain so optimistic about the future, and our ability to continue delivering long-term value back to you.

Altria Group's Management Team
Back Row (left to right): John R. Nelson Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Louanna O. Heuhsen Vice President Corporate Governance and Associate General Counsel W. Hildebrandt Surgner, Jr. Corporate Secretary and Senior Assistant General Counsel Howard A. Willard III Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Salvatore Mancuso Vice President and Treasurer Craig A. Johnson Executive Vice President Front Row (left to right): Denise F. Keane Executive Vice President and General Counsel John S. Coccagna Vice President Corporate Taxes David R. Beran Vice Chairman Linda M. Warren Vice President and Controller Martin J. Barrington Vice Chairman Left: Michael E. Szymanczyk Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Michael E. Szymanczyk Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2011
3

