Dear Shareholder
The past few years have been ones of substantial change at Altria as the company has positioned itself to take advantage of evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences. Since the spin-off of Philip Morris International Inc. two years ago, Altria has successfully integrated John Middleton Co., as well as UST LLC and its smokeless tobacco subsidiary, U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company. Altria's tobacco operating companies have leading positions in the largest and most profitable tobacco categories, with four strong premium brands: Marlboro, Copenhagen, Skoal and Black & Mild. Altria also has a growing interest in the wine business with its highly acclaimed wine producer, Ste. Michelle Wine Estates.  Although the company has undergone dramatic changes, employee commitment to the corporate mission, strategies and values remains steadfast. Altria's mission is to own and develop financially disciplined businesses that are leaders in responsibly providing adult tobacco and wine consumers with superior branded products. The core strategies drive the work in support of the mission, and the values guide how the work is done. On the following pages we highlight some of the actions our employees took in support of the mission last year.  In today's operating environment, continuing to embrace the mission, strategies and values remains critical to Altria's success. In 2009, Altria and its companies successfully navigated a challenging economic environment, as well as substantial tobacco excise tax increases, which negatively impacted tobacco volumes. Despite these significant challenges, Altria delivered strong financial results. Altria grew its adjusted diluted earnings per share by 6.1%, and increased its dividend by 6.3%, reflecting the underlying financial strength of our businesses. Altria's total shareholder return was 39.1% in 2009, which outpaced the S&P 500 Index. Altria is one of only five companies in the Index whose total shareholder return has exceeded the S&P 500's return every year for the last ten years.  The strong premium brands of Altria's operating companies performed well in this competitive environment by continuing to build strong brand equities, and by offering innovative products to meet evolving adult consumer preferences. Marlboro achieved a 41.8% retail share of the cigarette category in 2009, despite pricing dislocations caused by competitive promotional discount spending after the federal excise tax increase. Copenhagen and Skoal's combined retail share returned to growth as the brands responded well to the actions taken to build their respective franchises, which included the successful launch of Copenhagen Long Cut Wintergreen. Black & Mild continued its impressive retail share performance by growing its share of the machine-made large cigar category by 1.3 share points to 29.9%. Finally, Ste. Michelle Wine Estates remained one of the fastest growing top-ten wine producers in the United States, as its retail volume grew 10% in 2009, outpacing the wine industry's retail volume growth rate.  Altria reshaped its corporate structure last year to improve effectiveness and speed of execution, and to continue reducing costs. Three central support organizations ­ Altria Client Services, Altria Sales & Distribution, and Altria Consumer Engagement Services ­ very efficiently provide support to the operating companies, enabling them to focus on brand management and manufacturing. In addition to the efficiencies achieved from this internal reorganization,

2

Philip Morris USA continued to reduce cigarette related infrastructure ahead of volume declines, which in 2009 included the closure of its Cabarrus, North Carolina production facility. In total, the Altria family of companies delivered $398 million in cost savings in 2009, for total cost savings of over $1.0 billion against its $1.5 billion cost reduction program. These cost reductions have benefited shareholders by increasing earnings, improving efficiencies and allowing resources to be deployed in brand building initiatives, all of which strengthens the financial profile of the company and enhances our ability to sustain and grow earnings.  Altria also maintains a strong balance sheet, which protects the company's ability to continue delivering sustainable and predictable earnings growth over time in order to grow the dividend. Altria's economic interest in SABMiller plc (SABMiller), one of the world's leading brewers, remains an important component of the balance sheet and contributes to the financial strength of the company by growing earnings, paying dividends and providing a potential source of liquidity. Since 2002, when Altria first acquired the interest, SABMiller has contributed $3.4 billion in earnings and paid $1.4 billion in dividends to Altria.  In 2009, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was granted regulatory authority over tobacco products. For the past eight years, we advocated for federal regulation that recognizes the serious harm caused by tobacco products, helps ensure tobacco companies do not market tobacco products to children, while also acknowledging that tobacco products are and should remain legal for adults. Altria and its tobacco operating companies are actively participating in the FDA's regulatory implementation process, as we believe that a comprehensive

tobacco regulatory framework, thoughtfully implemented, can provide significant benefits to adult tobacco consumers.  Overall, I believe that Altria and its operating companies are well-positioned to continue delivering growth in earnings and solid returns to our shareholders. The four premium brands of Altria's tobacco operating companies, Marlboro, Copenhagen, Skoal and Black & Mild, continue to perform very well in the challenging economic environment, with strong brand equities and ample growth opportunities. These brands continue to innovate with new products and offerings to meet the evolving preferences of adult tobacco consumers, and are supported with superior brand-building infrastructure. In addition, Altria retains a strong balance sheet, and is committed to returning a large amount of cash to shareholders in the form of dividends. I expect these combined strengths to enable Altria to continue delivering strong returns to our shareholders in 2010 and beyond.  Finally, I must thank the very talented employees of the Altria family of companies for their significant accomplishments in 2009, as well as those employees who departed during the company's restructuring last year. They successfully navigated a host of complex issues last year in pursuit of Altria's mission, which enabled another year of strong returns to our shareholders. Their leadership and actions make possible the future success of Altria, and I offer them my thanks for a job well done.

Michael E. Szymanczyk Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Altria Group's Management Team
Back (left to right): John R. Nelson Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Louanna O. Heuhsen Vice President and Associate General Counsel, Corporate Governance W. Hildebrandt Surgner, Jr. Corporate Secretary and Senior Assistant General Counsel Howard A. Willard III Executive Vice President Strategy and Business Development Salvatore Mancuso Vice President and Treasurer Craig A. Johnson Executive Vice President Front (left to right): Denise F. Keane Executive Vice President and General Counsel John S. Coccagna Vice President Corporate Taxes David R. Beran Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Linda M. Warren Vice President and Controller Martin J. Barrington Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance and Administrative Officer Right: Michael E. Szymanczyk Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 3

