To Our Stockholders
In a year of turmoil in our economy and challenges to our
industry — from the crisis in the credit markets to state
budget shortfalls — I am pleased to report to you that
Molina Healthcare solidified its leadership position. For
our company, 2008 was marked by continued improvement,
steady growth and solid financial performance.
By a broad range of measures, we enjoyed another very
successful year. Our net income for 2008 was $62.4 million,
or $2.25 per share, representing an increase of 10% over the
previous year. Revenues rose from $2.5 billion to $3.1 billion,
an increase of 26% over 2007. The Parent Company finished the
year with approximately $69 million in cash and investments
and $200 million in an untapped credit line, giving us the
ability to grow through acquisitions in 2009 and beyond.
We also enjoyed continued growth in the number of
Americans we serve. Our total enrollment rose by 9%
over the previous year. We ended 2008 with an aggregate
membership in our programs of 1.26 million, and we
established a presence in a new market: Florida.
Our steady successes amid a turbulent environment strongly
affirm the fundamental soundness of our business model.
Our focus has always been on providing healthcare services
to financially vulnerable families and individuals covered
by government programs. Drawing on nearly three decades
of experience, we have an exceptional understanding of the
people we serve and the particular challenges of meeting
their healthcare needs. That experience translates into real
value for plan members, physicians, the federal and state
government and, ultimately, for the taxpayers whose dollars
we have been entrusted to manage.
Our performance also reflects our disciplined emphasis
on managing our business more efficiently and serving
our members and government partners more effectively.
We have focused in on five key areas: quality, growth,
financial strength, compliance and customer service. These
are not separate priorities. Rather, they relate closely to
each other. Our deep commitment to compliance with
regulatory requirements, for example, relates to our customer
service and impacts our financial strength. Quality, service
and compliance contribute to our growth by helping our
company win contracts and attract and retain members.
Growth augments our financial strength, and financial
strength enhances our ability to grow. Because all five of
these areas are closely intertwined, they are all equally
important priorities.
Building Value through Quality
Similarly, our track record for quality is inseparable from our
other core strategies. It goes hand in hand with our emphasis on
compliance. Quality drives patient and physician satisfaction.
It fuels growth and helps build our financial strength. But
quality has always been more than a strategy. It is ingrained
into every strand of our operation. In part, it is because our
organization began not as a manager of healthcare but rather
as a direct provider of healthcare. Our patients were people
we cared for on a hands on and face to face basis. We continue
this member-centered orientation today – not as a legacy, but
as an operating philosophy.
We take great pride that each of our eligible health plans has
earned a quality accreditation from the nonprofit National
Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), which evaluates
plans based on consumer experiences, treatment and
effectiveness of preventive services. For the fourth straight
year, Molina’s plans were ranked by U.S.News and World
Report, which reviewed data on approximately 500 plans
around the country. Our Medicaid plans in New Mexico,
Utah and Washington achieved the highest rankings for
their individual states.
We recognize that quality also contributes value to our
company. In some states that rely on the mandatory assignment
of Medicaid patients to managed care, demonstrable quality
plays a role in patient allocation. More and more, states
are creating financial incentives in the form of bonuses
or “pay-for-performance” formulas for achieving quality
outcomes. In a world of increasing transparency, we believe
that members will gravitate toward plans that demonstrate
high-quality care. But in the end, we place great emphasis
on quality not so much because of financial incentives but
because it is the right thing to do.
Building Quality and Containing Costs
All too often, quality care and cost containment have been
viewed as incompatible goals. Our experience as a provider
taught us long ago that just the opposite is true. To us, real
quality is measured not just in our response to members who
require acute care, but in how we reduce the need for such
care by enhancing their overall health. We have built our
company on a record of helping ensure that patients receive
the right care, at the right time and in the right place, from
the most appropriate type of provider.
The old saying has it wrong: an ounce of prevention is not
worth a pound of cure – it’s worth a lot more. As an example,
for the typical cost of caring for one patient who has suffered
a stroke, we can manage the care for an entire year of 10,000
patients with hypertension. For this reason, we work to
deliver prevention by the ton.
Nothing better illustrates how managing costs proactively
increases value than our approach to prenatal care. Today,
13% of the babies born in this country — nearly one in seven
— are born prematurely. A disproportionate number are
born to low-income mothers with limited access to prenatal
care. On average, a child born at 28 weeks in a pregnancy
consumes $175,000 more in healthcare resources before going
home than does a baby who leaves the hospital after being
carried to a full 40-week term. In addition, babies born too
early are much more likely to suffer from permanent health
problems, ranging from severe learning disabilities to cerebral
palsy. As a result, births that are significantly premature can
create a triple deficit: limiting human potential, imposing
extra burdens on families, and raising healthcare and social
costs enormously over the course of that infant’s lifetime.
In response, Molina Healthcare has become a leader in
programs that focus on maternal health. We actively seek
opportunities with states to encourage early enrollment
of expectant mothers. In addition, we have established
innovative programs under which we combine a review
of both lab tests and imaging studies in order to identify
pregnancies even before they have been confirmed by the
state and at the earliest possible point in the pregnancy when
coordinated prenatal care can make the greatest impact.
For high-risk pregnancies in rural areas where access to
physicians is a problem, we are exploring the use of biometric
devices. Through this technology, we can receive daily
information on the mother’s blood sugar, blood pressure,
weight and other measures — all transmitted over telephone
lines. As a result, we can more quickly detect and address
problems in the pregnancy.
We have also implemented a new program to see that women
with histories of premature delivery receive weekly injections
of a medicine – called 17-hydroxyprogesterone caproate –
that helps them carry their babies to term. Among those
who have participated in our “17-P” program, we have seen
a 33% reduction in premature births. In this way, we have
helped create wins for families, providers, the overburdened
healthcare system and for American taxpayers.
Building Our Company by Building Trust
Compliance with federal and state regulations has long been
an area of intensive focus for us — not simply because it is a
requirement, but because it is integral to our long-term success.
We make compliance a priority because we learned long ago
that it pays significant dividends. In a real and direct way,
the trust of government regulators and policymakers is our
pipeline to future revenue. Earning trust provides our company
the opportunity to be awarded new contracts and to expand
programs and revenues under existing contracts. Trust must be
earned each day, through ensuring that we comply consistently
with the requirements of the taxpayer-funded programs we
serve. We also must earn the trust of patients and physicians.
Our careful attention to compliance is directly related to
customer service. It impacts the satisfaction of providers and
their willingness to participate in the Medicaid program.
For us, compliance is a way of life. We do not permit it to be
the concern only of a “compliance officer,” or of merely a small
number of corporate staff. Instead, we have established a culture
in which compliance is the daily responsibility of every one
of the more than 2,500 employees of Molina Healthcare.
Building a Strong Base for the Future
Molina Healthcare continues to be a leader in our industry
in holding down administrative costs. It has become one
of our hallmarks. Operating efficiently means that more
dollars from government-funded health programs can be
used for the delivery of healthcare, serving both patients and
the public. At the same time, reducing administrative costs
has enhanced our company’s financial strength — a strategy
where value became even clearer after the events of last year
left the federal government and many state governments
in a financial crisis. Our efficiencies, combined with our
conservative use of debt, have positioned Molina Healthcare
not only to weather the present economic storm, but they
also enhance our ability to grow and to win new contracts.
Our growth — and, in particular, the way we have grown —
also continues to build financial strength for our company.
Throughout 2008, we executed our strategy in a way that
improved our performance for the year and provided an
even more solid foundation for the future.
In August, we announced that we had entered into a
definitive agreement to acquire Florida NetPASS, a provider
of care management and administrative services to then
approximately 55,000 members in South and Central Florida.
After winning a Medicaid managed care contract with the
state, our Florida health plan began enrolling members
in December. Our entry into Florida provides us with an
important opportunity in a fertile market for growth as we
demonstrate the value and efficacy of our model.
Meanwhile, we continued to enjoy organic growth in existing
markets. This growth was especially strong in Ohio and
Missouri — states that we entered in the previous two years
and where we are steadily expanding our presence and our
membership. We also continued to expand our membership
among “dual eligibles” who qualify for assistance under both
the Medicare and Medicaid programs, as well as among
low-income Medicare beneficiaries who do not qualify for
Medicaid. These individuals are demographically similar to
the traditional Medicaid beneficiaries we serve, and they face
similar challenges when it comes to accessing healthcare
services. Our unsurpassed experience in serving Medicaid
beneficiaries translates well to these additional members and
offers promising avenues for growth and diversification.
We also continue to diversify geographically — a strategy
that will help fuel our company’s growth while increasing our
financial strength. One year ago, we generated 62% of our
revenues in California, Michigan and Washington. As our
membership in our newer states has grown, those three states
of California, Michigan, and Washington now represent only
53% of our revenues, despite the fact that enrollment in all
three of those states has also grown. We are thus well on our
way toward achieving our long-term goal of relying on no
single state for more than 15% of our revenues.
Building on Unmatched Experience
Over the years, we have learned that every challenging
market is accompanied by new opportunities. The current
economic environment is no exception. According to the
Urban Institute, with every 1% increase in the unemployment
rate, the number of Medicaid beneficiaries rises by roughly
one million Americans. In five of the states where we
operate, unemployment levels are higher than the steadily
rising national average. With the recent re-authorization
and expansion of the State Children’s Health Insurance
Program, or SCHIP, we estimate that 4.1 million more
children will be covered. And because we have built a solid
financial foundation for our company, we can selectively
take advantage of acquisition opportunities, like our most
recent opportunity in Florida, as they emerge.
At Molina Healthcare, we have made significant investments
of time and resources to ensure that our growth is sustainable
over the long run. Actually, our short-term view of the world
is evaluated over a three to five year horizon, not just over
six months or a year. Over the last 30 years, we have built
this business from one primary care clinic into a multi-state
healthcare organization. Planning for the long run has been
the key to our success. In fact, this long-term approach to
planning defines our financial view, regardless of challenges
to the economy.
We believe that our past experience serves as the most reliable
navigational aid as we chart our future. We have served
Medicaid recipients longer than virtually any other major
health management organization. We know how to connect
our members with services in ways that improve outcomes
and conserve costs, and we continue to improve on those
abilities each year. Our management team has earned a strong
track record during both booming economies and more
challenging times like today. Our strategies are succeeding,
and our business model continues to prove itself. Drawing
on all of these assets and competitive advantages, we look
forward to another strong year in 2009. As always, we remain
grateful for your support, your investment and your trust.
Sincerely,
J. Mario Molina, M.D.
President and Chief Executive Officer