To O u r S t o c k h o l d e r s

M

y father started our company in 1980 with a single clinic and a commitment. That clinic was in Los Angeles, and that commitment was to provide quality healthcare to those most in need and least able to afford it. Every year since that humble beginning, our company has worked to fulfill my father's original commitment. Meanwhile, we have grown from a small clinic in Los Angeles serving a few hundred patients to a multi-state managed care organization now serving over 800,000 members throughout California, Washington, Michigan, Utah, New Mexico and soon Indiana. As evidence of our growth, we recently were included on Inc. magazine's list of the 100 fastest growing inner city-based companies in the United States. But despite our phenomenal growth as an organization, our original commitment to those most in need remains unchanged. In July 2003, we took a further step and joined the family of publicly traded companies on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). That move provided us with the capital resources needed to bring our proven model to many more individuals. During the recently completed fiscal year, we grew even more, all the while focusing on our mission to provide a vital service to our 800,000 Molina members while adding value to the marketplace. This is an exciting time to be part of our company.
2 0 0 4 ­ A Ye a r o f H e a l t h y G r o w t h

Over our 25 years of operation, Molina Healthcare has developed, refined and established a business model for serving the needs of Medicaid patients and the government agencies with whom we contract. Now our focus is on applying that model to a growing number of health plan members in a growing number of markets. For us, growth is both a strategy and a natural outcome. Our growth strategy involves enrolling new members in existing service areas and adding new members by expanding into new service areas through selective acquisitions and through "greenfield" start-up

activities. The outcome of our providing cost-effective quality healthcare services is that more members want to join us and more states want us to serve a greater portion of their Medicaid populations. To say that we successfully executed our growth strategy in 2004 would be an understatement. Overall membership in our health plans rose almost 40% percent during the year, from 564,000 at the end of 2003 to 788,000 at the end of 2004. Integral to this growth were milestone achievements on several fronts: New Mexico. In July, we completed a $69 million acquisition of Healthcare Horizons, the parent company of Cimarron Health Plan, one of New Mexico's largest existing health plans. With this transaction, our company added approximately 65,000 Medicaid members. In order to continue our focus on Medicaid, we sold Cimarron's commercial membership to another health plan for nearly $18 million. The Cimarron acquisition allowed us to enter a growing new market while diversifying our revenue streams. It also demonstrated our ability to handle complex acquisitions. Washington. In July, we added 66,000 Medicaid and Basic Health Plan members to our Washington health plan as a result of an acquisition from Premera Blue Cross of Washington. The $18 million purchase of Premera's contracts increased our total health plan membership in Washington to over 260,000 and solidified our position as that state's Medicaid market leader. Michigan. In October, the state of Michigan awarded to Molina the rights to serve nearly 73,000 members of the Wellness Plan in Macomb, Muskegon/Oceana, Oakland, and Wayne counties. This transaction nearly doubled the size of our health plan in Michigan and moved Molina into the lead position in the statewide Medicaid market. Indiana. Effective January 1, 2005, Molina Healthcare of Indiana entered into a two-year contract with the Indiana Family and Social Services Administration Office of Medicaid Policy and Planning. Molina is currently

Molina Healthcare Annual Report 2004

slated to provide Medicaid services in 13 mandatory managed care counties commencing in the second quarter of 2005 and plans to expand throughout the state as opportunities arise. Acquisitions. Our follow-on stock offering, in addition to the recent amendment of our credit facility to increase our line of credit to $180 million, has provided us with additional capital resources to continue the execution of our growth strategy. Our pipeline of opportunities for acquisitions remains robust, and we continue to identify and pursue the very best of these opportunities. Our field of vision remains wide, yet we remain highly selective as we evaluate potential acquisitions. We are interested in pursuing only those opportunities that satisfy specific criteria: · The Medicaid population within the state should exceed 250,000 beneficiaries; · There should be a competitive environment among healthcare providers as well as managed care organizations; and · There should be a favorable regulatory environment. In addition, we prefer to operate in states that require Medicaid beneficiaries to enroll in managed care plans. More than half of the states, including all six in which we now operate, mandate managed care for Medicaid recipients. As a result, we have ample territory in which to pursue new opportunities.
Managing Growth While Managing Care

greater challenge than expanding in a service area or in a state in which we already operate. When expanding existing operations in a particular area, most of the required infrastructure, human resources, licenses, information systems and provider networks are already in place. In New Mexico, where we acquired another company's infrastructure, the integration of the new health plan involved disposing of non-core assets, converting legacy information and claims systems to our own and refitting the entire health plan to the Molina business model. In spite of these challenges, within only a few months of the July 1st closing, the integration of Cimarron Health Plan was more than half completed and our newest health plan already was contributing to our profitability. This rapid and efficient transformation, while gratifying, was not a surprise. In fact, we fully expected such a rapid integration because we had already demonstrated the scalability of our model. To ensure that our personnel and information systems were not overburdened by the 40% increase in our overall membership in 2004, we added significantly to our staffing at both the health plan and corporate levels. As an organization, we now have over 1,300 employees. At the same time, we added significant server and data storage capacity so that it is available when we actually need it. With these hardware improvements, we can serve more than two million members, and our software is scalable to nine million members.
Making Medicaid Pay for Ever yone

One of the most important challenges a growing company faces is the proper management of its growth. At Molina Healthcare, we are acutely aware of this challenge and, therefore, place a strong emphasis on careful planning and proper resource allocation. Integrating a health plan in a state where we have not previously had a presence--such as we did in New Mexico--or building a health plan "from the ground up"--such as we are doing in Indiana--poses a much

Serving the healthcare needs of low-income Medicaid patients and others is not for every company. It requires a real understanding of this population and a depth of expertise to make a difference in patients' lives. These challenges present formidable barriers to entry. But our expertise, cultural orientation and experience in Medicaid managed care have allowed us to flourish in this challenging environment.

Molina Healthcare Annual Report 2004

Like many business opportunities, ours was created by a problem. During the late 80s and early 90s, the cost of various government-sponsored healthcare benefit programs for low-income Americans was rising by nearly 20% per year. In some states, skyrocketing costs were turning budget surpluses into deficits. One of the main reasons for this upward spiral was the inefficient market incentives created by fee-for-service medical care. Because Medicaid programs had traditionally reimbursed providers after the delivery of healthcare services, there was no market incentive for providers to develop an efficient approach to care. To remedy this problem, the federal government granted to the states the power to direct Medicaid recipients into managed care programs-- a move that hopefully would change the emphasis from reactive, episodic delivery of healthcare to proactive, preventive, coordinated care. In effect, the federal government created a business opportunity for which Molina Healthcare was well-suited. Historically, many Medicaid beneficiaries have faced daunting barriers to quality healthcare. They have often lacked access to primary care physicians and have failed to obtain routine, preventive care or prenatal care. As a result, these patients wait until health problems become acute--and far more costly to address--before seeking medical care. And when they visit a doctor, it is much more likely to be in an emergency room--the most expensive setting for treatment--rather than in a physician's office. Because Molina Healthcare began as--and remains-- an operator of primary care clinics in California, with a daily presence in the neighborhoods where our patients live and work, we have developed a singular understanding of their needs. That experience translates into valuable insights into how to manage care effectively and efficiently. Education--for all parties involved-- has always been a key component of our success. We provide materials, in numerous member languages, that help patients utilize healthcare services at the most appropriate times and in the most appropriate ways.

Molina Healthcare has been recognized nationally as a culturally sensitive provider, which distinguishes us from among all other Medicaid managed care companies. Molina Healthcare has been awarded a grant of $850,000 from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation to improve healthcare quality and access by enhancing communications for Latino patients who speak little English. This grant is part of a national program called Hablamos Juntos, or "We Speak Together." As a Hablamos Juntos demonstration site, working in California's San Bernardino and Riverside Counties, Molina intends to test a fully bilingual 24-hour telephone service that will provide callers with access to member services, with medical advice from a qualified nurse or physician and with medical interpreter services. Over the past two decades, this region's Latino market has increased by 324%. With more than 1.2 million Latino residents, it is now the sixth largest Latino metropolitan area in the nation. In these and a number of other ways, Molina has consistently provided broad access to quality care for our members, while also providing positive financial results for our stockholders.
Ta k i n g M e d i c a i d M a n a g e d C a r e t o N e w L e v e l s

In seeking to strengthen our services, meet the demands of an evolving marketplace and improve the quality and cost-effectiveness of care, we continued last year to explore new programs and opportunities. We are expanding our efforts in the area of disease management. As payors have long recognized, a small percentage of persons with chronic--and frequently multiple--conditions account for a disproportionate share of healthcare spending within a typical group of patients. By taking a more coordinated, proactive approach with these patients--and by helping them take a more active role in managing their own chronic diseases--we are working to improve their overall health status, reduce their need for acute care and decrease total health costs.

Molina Healthcare Annual Report 2004

Our Utah health plan is engaged in two demonstration projects aimed at delivering more cost-effective care for Medicaid patients who require long-term care. The first of these projects, Molina Independence Care, is part of a long-term care initiative sponsored by the Utah Department of Health. Through this program, we assist members who now receive care in nursing facilities to transition to de-institutionalized settings that are simultaneously more accommodating and more cost-effective. We also participate in a similar but separate program focused specifically on two Utah counties. Under a contract that began in early 2005, our Washington health plan provides integrated care for up to 5,000 aged, blind and disabled Medicaid recipients. We believe that initiatives such as these will become increasingly important for winning state Medicaid business. These more acute patient subsets represent roughly 25% of the Medicaid population but account for nearly 70% of all Medicaid spending. With our established track record of managing costs while offering quality care, our company is well-positioned to become an ever more valuable partner to states seeking to gain better control over rising costs. In addition, we continue to stress quality care in all that we do. As evidence of the success of our mission, all five of our established health plans have received accreditation from the National Committee for Quality Assurance, or NCQA. Our newest health plan in Indiana will also seek NCQA accreditation once the plan is operational. The NCQA accreditation process is voluntary and evaluates how well a health plan manages all parts of its delivery system--physicians, hospitals, other providers and administrative services--in order to continuously improve healthcare for the health plan's members. Quality of care is of vital importance to the tens of millions of uninsured. Health plan quality accreditation, such as that provided by the NCQA, assures state administrators that one of America's most vulnerable

populations is receiving the quality care and service it needs and deserves.
Looking For ward to 2005

As we enter a new fiscal year, our outlook is cautiously optimistic. To be sure, we are careful and deliberate in our growth. We have made significant investments of time and resources to ensure that our new growth is sustainable over the long term. At the same time, it would be difficult to contain our enthusiasm for what we believe the next few years will bring. In each of our states, we enjoy a strong market rank, with opportunities for further growth. In growing through acquisitions and entering new markets by a variety of means, we have demonstrated that our operation is both efficient and transportable. And we have a history of serving the Medicaid population--spanning a quarter century--that provides a strong competitive advantage and an even stronger platform for continued growth. We are eager to realize the promise of 2005 and beyond. And we are grateful for your support, your confidence and your investment. To our stockholders, we are dedicated to the proposition that public service and profitability can be complementary, synergistic goals, not merely idealistic ones. To healthcare payors and public taxpayers, we are committed to delivering excellent care and quality outcomes in a way that also demonstrates prudent, cost-conscious stewardship of financial resources. Sincerely,

J. Mario Molina, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer

Molina Healthcare Annual Report 2004

