To Our Stockholders
The difficulties that our state clients and health plan
members faced in 2009 made last year a challenging
one for Molina Healthcare as well. Amid the deepest
recession in nearly 80 years, we witnessed a chain
reaction in which many states faced severe budget
pressures and, in response, reduced premium rates or
benefits for health programs we manage. At the same
time, increasing rates of unemployment contributed
to substantial enrollment increases that in turn led
to short-term increases in medical costs. In addition,
the H1N1 flu epidemic, which disproportionately
affected the segment of the population that makes
up the majority of our health plan membership, also
caused our costs to rise. After a first quarter of solid
financial results for our company, the combined
effect of all of these factors steadily accumulated and
ultimately affected our financial performance for the
full year.
While we are obviously disappointed with last year’s
earnings, we believe that our future rests on a
solid foundation. As a reflection of our competitive
strength, we continue to win new business — such
as the award of a contract to provide coverage in up
to 170 counties in Texas under the Children’s Health
Insurance Program — and contract renewals such
as in Michigan, where we will expand our services
from 42 to 46 counties under a new agreement that
went into effect last October. Clearly, the recognized
quality of our health plans positions us favorably for
new business opportunities. In addition, we continue
to diversify our revenue sources, both geographically
and in our service offerings. Our acquisition of the
Health Information Management (HIM) business
unit of Unisys Corporation, announced in January
2010, adds momentum to this trend along with a
number of competitive advantages for our company.
In 2010, Molina Healthcare observes its 30th
anniversary. It is a time for celebrating how we
have grown from a small, local healthcare provider
into an organization with a coast-to-coast presence
and a reputation as a leader in our field. It is also
a time for noting that our experience is deep and
reliable. During our three decades, we have learned
how to manage during all phases of the economic
cycle. Based on that experience, we believe we are
making the appropriate responses to the current
environment and that we have positioned ourselves
advantageously for the future.
Weathering a Turbulent Economy
The turbulence in the U.S. economy was the single
biggest challenge facing our industry in 2009. With
unemployment up and consumer spending down,
state tax revenues experienced their sharpest decline
in nearly half a century. Revenue shortages, in
turn, created large gaps for those states that are
required to balance their budgets each year. In
response, some states in which we operate, including
Michigan, Missouri, Washington, and New Mexico,
cut Medicaid premium rates. Others reduced
benefits they cover under managed care. In Ohio
and California, rate increases mitigated some of
the effects of a weak economy. Still, premium cuts
created an overall negative impact on our medical
margins last year.
Nowhere was the budget crisis facing state
governments seen more acutely than in the state of
California, where we manage health plans in five of
the state’s 58 counties. Our results in Los Angeles,
San Diego, and Yolo counties were particularly
disappointing. In San Diego County, we have been
participating in the Access for Infants and Mothers,
or AIM, program. As hospital costs have increased,
premiums for the AIM program have not kept pace.
In Los Angeles County, which is larger than the
combined Medicaid markets of 45 states, we have
experienced net premium decreases in the face of
rising medical costs.
In response to these challenges, we have decided
to leave Yolo County effective February 2010 and
to leave the AIM program in San Diego County
effective July 2010. We remain committed to Los
Angeles County, a market as large geographically as
the state of Connecticut, and a county that we believe
has enormous long-term potential.
We also remain committed to the state of California
as a whole, and not merely because it is where
Molina began. Even with the challenges the state now
faces — challenges that we share simply by doing
business in California — we believe our presence
will prove to be a strategic advantage over the long
term. California has roughly 7 million Medicaid
beneficiaries — more than any other state — and has
the country’s second largest Medicaid expenditure
by state. Since all of the healthcare reform proposals
currently under consideration by Congress involve
future Medicaid expansion, it is reasonable to believe
that a healthcare overhaul, whenever it comes
and whatever form it may take, will benefit states
with the largest Medicaid enrollments, such as
California, Texas, and Florida. We have worked
in California for three decades, and we know the
territory. We strongly believe that maintaining our
focus on quality and efficiency, along with making
changes in provider contracting and utilization
management and continuing to collaborate with
state agencies, is the right formula for success over
time in this critical state.
Handling a Flu Season Like Few Others
A confluence of circumstances surrounding last
year’s H1N1 flu pandemic also adversely affected
our results. For one thing, unlike the seasonal
flu for which we prepare each year, the H1N1
virus posed a much greater health risk for younger
people than for older adults. Nationwide, the great
majority of our members are young mothers and
children. Compounding this demographic factor
was a geographic one. In California, Washington,
Michigan, and Ohio, which together account for
more than 75% of our membership, the incidence of
H1N1 exceeded the national average. More cases of
flu translated into more patient care, which increased
our medical care ratio.
Rising Unemployment and
Rising Short-Term Costs
The economy affected our company in another way
as well, as rising unemployment throughout 2009
drove higher enrollment in our health plans. Last
year, we witnessed a 16% increase in enrollment,
compared to a 9% increase in 2008. Historically,
our studies have shown that new members drive
higher medical costs during their first nine months
of enrollment.
HIM: Acquiring an Important Advantage
In early 2010, we announced our entry into an
agreement to acquire the Health Information
Management (HIM) business of Unisys Corporation.
We believe that this acquisition will lay the foundation
for an exciting new opportunity for our company.
HIM, which like Molina has been serving public
sector healthcare programs for nearly 30 years, will
be both a complementary and synergistic addition to
our business. HIM provides state Medicaid programs
with business process outsourcing and Medicaid
management information services (MMIS) which
include system design, development, maintenance,
integration, and consulting. The HIM business also
provides fiscal agent services for states, including
benefit plan and program management, member and
provider services, claims payment, and fraud and
abuse detection.
Last year, HIM generated approximately $110 million
in revenue from contracts with the states of West
Virginia, New Jersey, and Louisiana. In Maine and
Idaho, the HIM business is also in the process of
implementing new MMIS systems. In acquiring
the HIM business for $135 million in cash, we will
also assume these state contracts and the business’
intellectual property. We also expect to add to our
company the approximately 900 employees of Unisys
Corporation who have been operating the business
up to now.
With HIM’s capabilities incorporated into our own,
Molina will be able to offer states a comprehensive
solution previously unavailable in the marketplace.
Our two largest competitors in this market are
information technology companies, not medical
service providers or health plans. We believe Molina’s
expertise as a managed care organization gives us
unique knowledge that will allow us to integrate a
broad array of health services delivery information
for states and to optimize efficiency in ways that will
reduce costs.
Once the acquisition is finalized, Molina will touch
4.3 million Medicaid beneficiaries every day — nearly
triple the number we reach with our health plans. As a
result, we are greatly expanding our national footprint,
and we believe our company will be recognized as
a leader not only in Medicaid managed care, but
throughout the entire Medicaid field.
The HIM acquisition also diversifies our product mix
and revenue stream. In contrast to our health plans, in
which we assume financial risk in managing the care
of individual members, we will provide healthcare
information management services to states on a
non-risk, fee-for-service basis. We will also be able
to pursue two segments of the market our company
has not addressed before: (1) states lacking Medicaid
managed care programs, and (2) states that did not
meet our managed care plan criteria for entry.
Finally, HIM provides Molina with another platform
for growth. Thirty-one states use mainframe systems
that are no longer current; many are more than
20 years old. Aging systems, combined with the
Medicaid Information Technology Architecture,
or MITA, initiative developed by the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services, make it likely that
many states will procure new systems in the near
future. Because HIM’s state-of-the-art systems are
already MITA-aligned, we are in an excellent position
to compete for these new business opportunities.
Achieving a Qualitative Difference
For us, quality has long been both a point of
pride and a point of distinction. It is an operating
philosophy that is part of our company’s DNA as a
member-centered organization that began as a direct
provider of care to individuals.
Across the country, just 22% of all Medicaid
plans have received accreditation by the National
Committee for Quality Assurance. We remain
extremely proud that each of our eligible health
plans has earned NCQA accreditation. In 2009, our
Ohio and Texas health plans became the latest to
achieve this distinction. As we commemorate our
30th anniversary, we will remain intensely focused
on quality, not just as a heritage, but as a strategic
imperative that builds patient and physician
satisfaction, wins new members to our health plans,
and helps earn new and renewed contracts.
A Look Ahead
The financial headwinds that buffeted our economy,
our state partners and our company in 2009 did not
arise overnight. They will not subside overnight. Even
as the overall economy shows signs of recovery, we
anticipate that states will continue to face budgetary
constraints during 2010.
For the near term, our primary goal is to improve
our profitability. Our founder, Dr. C. David Molina,
often said that ours is a business of nickels — a
business that requires rigorous attention to detail.
In keeping with that, we will selectively pursue
opportunities for growth and diversification that
move us toward that goal. Meanwhile, while
holding quality paramount, we will aggressively
act on opportunities to trim unnecessary costs
from our business. We believe we are exceptionally
well suited to this task. While earning recognition
for high standards of quality, we continue to lead
the industry in holding down administrative costs.
Today, that expertise, accumulated over the span of
three decades, remains a unique and powerful asset
for our company. It positions us to succeed even in
today’s challenging economic environment and to
emerge stronger than ever before.
Our mission — providing quality care in an efficient
and caring manner — is more important than
ever. Our singular strengths give us a unique
opportunity. We intend to make the most of them
in ways that serve taxpayers, plan members, and
you, our stockholders.
Sincerely,
J. Mario Molina, M.D.
President and Chief Executive Officer