To Our Shareholders
The decrease in net income was primarily the result of the declining profitability of our Marketplace program.

We are addressing the Marketplace challenges.
Our difficulties in the Marketplace arena last year stemmed largely from structural flaws designed into the risk transfer formula for the individual markets under the ACA.
Joseph M. Molina, MD Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

As we reflect on 2016, we are encouraged by the performance
of our core business. We saw strong enrollment growth that generated 24 percent more premium revenue compared with that of 2015. For the third consecutive year, our revenue increased by more than $3 billion. In addition, we lowered our medical costs by approximately three percent on a per-member-per-month basis while continuing to improve our efficiency as administrative costs decreased by five percent per member per month. Unfortunately, these successes were overshadowed by the serious structural challenges we faced in the individual insurance Marketplace under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), including the artificial creation of an un-level playing field for efficient managed care organizations, like ours. And while we are committed to taking decisive steps to stabilize our Marketplace performance, our participation in the Marketplace beyond 2017 hinges upon two important factors: first, on what actions Congress and the new administration take to remove the structural impediments that the ACA has created; and second, on our ability to operate profitably in the program. Further, we are focused on building on our successes from 2016, and we believe we are solidly positioned for diversified, sustainable growth. Our core business remains strong and our expertise in serving low-income individuals with complex health care needs continues to increase in value. For the year, net income per diluted share decreased to $0.92 compared with $2.58 in 2015. Adjusted net income per diluted share1 was $1.28 in 2016, compared with $2.78 the year before.

First, the ACA's risk transfer program was designed to help offset the higher risk of plans that insure less healthy populations. In practice, however, the program has redistributed dollars based on total premiums, not purely on health risk. This methodology penalizes plans that manage medical costs and have lower premiums, like Molina, while other companies are rewarded for raising premiums. To complicate the challenge, in early 2015 our company was required to develop a pricing model for 2016, with little visibility as to how the risk transfer mechanism would function. As a result, nearly 25 percent of our Marketplace premiums was redistributed to our competitors under the program, compared with nine percent projected by our early pricing model -- a difference that amounted to $325 million. Second, the ACA's risk corridor program was intended to help mitigate the effects of the risk transfer mechanism by rewarding companies for delivering cost-effective, quality care. However, the federal government so far has failed to meet its obligations. The effect on our company has been substantial: Molina has yet to receive approximately $140 million in risk corridor payments owed by the federal government. In January 2017, we filed suit on behalf of our health plans seeking recovery of these payments; if realized, they would provide a truer picture of our financial results under the Marketplace program. Third, the Special Enrollment Period (SEP), has become a substitute for open enrollment. Because members who join plans through the special enrollment process bring pent-up demand and lower risk scores, they create higher medical costs that force insurance companies to raise premiums for everyone. During the fourth quarter, we saw an unexpectedly large surge of enrollment during the SEP, perhaps in response to concerns about the future of the ACA. On this last point, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recently proposed new regulations that would go into effect

1

Adjusted net income per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information see "Supplemental Information--Financial Measures that Supplement U.S. GAAP (Non-GAAP Financial Measures)"

A2

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2016

in June of 2017 and place new restrictions on those seeking to enroll during the SEP. We will continue to advocate for federal policies to stabilize the Marketplace program, whose current structure is simply unsustainable. The flaws in the risk transfer methodology must be addressed now. There must be stricter validation of eligibility for the SEP. The government should continue to provide cost-sharing reductions and premium subsidies for low-income individuals, and maintain a strong incentive for individuals to purchase health insurance. However, to be clear: while we are contractually obligated to participate in the Marketplace through 2017, we cannot commit to Molina's participation beyond that time. We remain hopeful that Congress and the current administration will resolve the structural issues with the program.

control costs, we believe, will drive more Medicaid spending into managed care regardless of the fate of the ACA. As this occurs, Molina's distinguished expertise and track record position our company well to leverage these new opportunities. Consequently, while we are addressing the challenges created by the Marketplace structure, our strategy involves recommitting our company to our core business and our focus on care management. Our membership growth, which has been solid over the past several years and continued to exceed our expectations in 2016, was the result of a well-conceived and well-executed strategy that also produced strong revenue growth. In addition, we will maintain our focus on continuous improvement, including the efficient management of operations and the care of our members. We displayed that ability again in 2016 after we experienced higher-than-expected medical costs in our Ohio and Texas plans that negatively affected our first-quarter results. In response to rapid growth, we took steps to improve our care management systems and practices. Specifically, we updated our authorization standards and placed greater emphasis on managing transitions of care. We began relying on hospitalists to achieve cost-effective outcomes, along with interdisciplinary care teams to help those with combined physical, behavioral and social challenges. And,

Despite the Marketplace challenges, our core business is strong -- and growing.
According to a recent article in the New England Journal of Medicine, Medicaid is the most successful program for providing access to health care for the uninsured with relatively low per capita costs. Yet the majority of Medicaid spending today remains in costlier fee-for-service arrangements. The overarching need to

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2016

A3

we emphasized early identification of those who may require complex care over long periods of time. Our improvements in these areas contributed directly to our improved financial results in the second and third quarters of 2016. Meanwhile, we undertook management actions that improved the performance of our Puerto Rico health plan. We expect the benefits from these efforts will continue in 2017. The overall reduction of medical costs in our core business last year speaks to our ability to meet the continuing cost challenges in health care.

we are also direct providers of care, with primary care clinics and physicians in six states and, more recently, with behavioral health services through our 2015 acquisition of Providence Human Services (which we renamed Pathways by Molina). Yet, throughout our growth, we have remained true to our core mission of providing quality health care to people receiving government assistance. That founding mission is the common denominator that connects all of our efforts.

In recent years, we have become a much more diverse company across programs and geographies.
Through our health plans, we touch the lives of more than 4.2 million individuals. We serve participants in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) and Children's Health Insurance Plan (CHIP) programs as well as older adults who are eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare (dual-eligibles). And the individual Marketplace program, which has experienced significant growth, now represents roughly 13 percent of our total membership. Our health plan footprint now spans across twelve states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Additionally, we also provide Medicaid information management services for five states and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Reflecting our company's origins,

Molina Healthcare is poised for strong, sustainable growth.
We are well-positioned to make the most of the opportunities in our field, and we are executing on several complementary strategies to leverage our strengths and build on our successes. First, the Medicaid program continues to grow organically in ways that do not depend upon the expansion of the program that occurred in certain states following the implementation of the ACA. According to projections by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services' (CMS) Office of the Actuary, the number of Medicaid and CHIP beneficiaries will increase from 71 million in 2016 to roughly 80 million by the end of this decade. Molina is already well positioned to take advantage of this trend; and to that end we operate in the five largest Medicaid markets across the country.

A4

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2016

Second, while the majority of Medicaid beneficiaries are enrolled in managed care plans, 60 percent of all Medicaid spending remains in fee-for-service programs. Additionally, 56 percent of total spending involves older individuals and those with disabilities ­ beneficiaries whose complex care needs we have recognized expertise in managing successfully ­ even though they only make up 23 percent of the total number of individuals enrolled. As states increasingly look for the most cost-effective managed care approaches for these individuals, we see a huge opportunity for our company. With Pathways by Molina, we are similarly positioned to capitalize on the coming growth in managed care for behavioral health benefits. According to projections, within the next five years, mental health and substance abuse disorders will be the largest causes of disability in this country. Moreover, mental illness is twice as prevalent among Medicaid beneficiaries as among the general population. Two-thirds of adults with a mental illness also have at least one chronic medical condition. These factors contribute both to higher utilization of health services ­ particularly emergency room visits ­ and greater spending. We are singularly equipped both to manage the care of these members and, deliver their care directly through Pathways, which is primarily a provider organization. Another growth area for Molina is home and community-based services, which are designed to help people remain in their homes rather than receive their care in an institutional setting. With $75 billion in spending in 2013, home-based services are one of the fastest growing areas of the Medicaid program; it is also an area that states have found difficult to address under traditional fee-forservice arrangements. Through our deep and unique experience with Medicare and the dual-eligible, we have long been aware of the ways that social determinants (such as challenges related to housing, food and transportation) can complicate a person's health. Our role is not to provide social services to our members, but to serve as a coordinating link that connects them to the assistance they need in order to access care. For us, Managed Long-Term Services and Supports (MLTSS) is an area of opportunity that expands the same coordination-of-care model we have followed with our other member segments for a number of years.

Finally, we will continue to grow through selective, strategic acquisitions that fall into three distinct categories. First, some of these acquisitions, like our purchase of Total Care in New York, enable us to enter new states and further diversify our revenue and risk while reducing our administrative costs. Second, we will also continue to evaluate acquisitions in states where we already have a presence in order to further fortify those positions. Third, we will acquire providers with models complementary to our own that can increase our capabilities and enhance provider alignment. We remain committed to building on our experience in meeting the complicated care needs of nearly 100,000 Medicare and dual-eligible beneficiaries across the country. We continue to look strategically at leveraging our expertise by pursuing opportunities that expand our presence in the fast-growing Medicare Advantage market. Molina's current footprint includes seven of the ten largest Medicare Advantage markets. Significantly, the two percent of our members that were served through our Medicare Advantage plans in 2016 drove 12 percent of our medical margins.

Our commitment to quality is encoded in Molina Healthcare's DNA.
Molina strives to be an "exemplary" company -- to embody excellence as a consistent standard. Nowhere is that more evident than in our long-standing commitment to quality. We require all of our Medicaid plans to become accredited by the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) once the plan has the resources in place to do so. I am pleased to report that in 2016, we not only maintained this standard, but our health plans in three states -- Washington, New Mexico and Utah -- were toprated Medicaid health plans in those states. In addition, NCQA awarded the Multicultural Health Care Distinction to our health plans in ten states. The Multicultural Health Care program evaluates how well an organization complies with NCQA standards in areas such as, the collection of race/ethnicity and language data, provision of language assistance, cultural responsiveness, and reduction of health care disparities. We feel deeply honored to be recognized for our efforts, as we have worked to break down cultural barriers in serving our clinic patients and plan members for more than three decades.

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2016

A5

Amid uncertainty in our industry, Molina Healthcare's foundation remains unshaken.
As I write this, the health care industry entered a new year with a degree of uncertainty about the future of the ACA, when repeal might take effect, and which provisions, if any, might survive. Like every other company in the industry, we are in a position of waiting to see what Congress and the administration will do. While we continue to believe that maintaining strong incentives for individuals to obtain insurance coverage serves the interests of all, we also believe it is possible that a repeal-and-replace approach has the potential to succeed if it can be achieved without disruption; especially for those 20 million individuals who were able to obtain coverage for the first time under the ACA. More immediately, we are waiting to see whether the federal government will address the serious structural flaws that plague the Marketplace program. Amid this shifting landscape, however, we have kept our focus on the larger picture: the imperative to contain health care costs is here to stay. For those receiving government assistance, the migration from fee-for-service arrangements to managed care will accelerate. Even if Medicaid funding is transformed into block grants to states -- a shift being discussed by some in Congress -- the resulting cost pressures on states will make managed care even more attractive than traditional and more costly fee-for-service arrangements. As the majority of Medicaid beneficiaries transition to managed care, Molina Healthcare's expertise, resources and track record will become even more valuable to payers and plan members alike. Drawing on our experience both as direct providers of care and as health plan operators, we know how to facilitate the care of lowincome individuals, particularly those with complex and difficult to manage health profiles, in ways that ensure high quality, rein in costs and enhance outcomes. We have proven this ability in a variety of locations and payment environments. As our history demonstrates, we know how to manage and succeed in changing environments. We were delivering value to all parties concerned long before the ACA became law. Whatever else may change about the law, the expertise that made Molina successful will remain and will continue to represent the solid foundation for our company's future. We are a health care company that is unique and one that is exceptionally well suited to serving both payers and beneficiaries in public assistance programs. We entered 2017 with a footprint in the five largest Medicaid markets in the country. We have
A6

established strong and consistent national brand awareness for the Molina name. We are augmenting our traditional services with capabilities that are helping us gain an advantage not only in managing care, but improving the health status of our members while reducing medical costs. We continue to build our team with people who, at all levels, are committed to our founding mission. As more of the Medicaid population moves from fee-for-service to managed care, our continuous history as direct providers for lowincome individuals is not simply a legacy, but a leg up that gives us invaluable experience and insights into caring for these members effectively. For all these reasons, we remain confident about the future. As we look ahead to the coming year and beyond, we also remain profoundly grateful, as always, for your continuing support and investment. Sincerely,

Joseph M. Molina, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2016

