To Our Shareholders
Simply Stated:
2002 was the worst year in Molex’s 64-year history. The electronics industry and much of the economy seemed to fall apart in almost every corner of the world. Our sales dramatically slowed in a matter of months. We faced oversupply, overcapacity and a torrent of canceled orders.
Molex ended 2002 on June 30 with $1.7 billion in sales—a 28% decline year over year—and net income of $76.5 million, down 63% after charges of $25.3 million. While our net profit of 4.5% was far from our traditional 10% goal, it was a considerable achievement reached only through hard work and major sacrifices by the entire global team.
We had been through recessions before, so we knew what we had to do. Unfortunately, it necessitated many tough decisions that affected all Molex people but were absolutely necessary to ensure the company’s long-term viability.
We reduced our worldwide workforce from nearly 21,000 to fewer than 17,000 over 18 months. People in our organization accepted salary reductions of
at least 6%, and most 10%, for more than a year, with that cut rising to 40% or higher for key officers.
It was a major challenge to explain to Molex people around the world the need to reduce staff and salaries, cut benefits and eliminate bonuses—and still keep everyone focused and positive. Most long-term employees understood, but many others could not
see why we were taking such strong action when Molex was still profitable. We continued to emphasize that we required profits for future investments and
to ensure the company’s long-term survival.
An overwhelming majority accepted this reality,
and for that support and understanding, we are greatly indebted.
We were very pleased to be able to reinstate all salaries and benefits by July 1.
Strategy In A Slowdown:
Molex has weathered at least one major recession every decade since our founding in 1938. We believed we would emerge from this downturn stronger if we stuck with the strategies that have guided the compa- ny through past recessions.
These four strategies center on seemingly contradictory goals: radically reducing expenses while channeling significant funds into new product development, maximizing short-term revenue while enhancing our long-term market position.
We acted swiftly and early. We scaled our costs to
our revenue, carefully reducing our workforce. We also shifted work with very high labor content to lower cost manufacturing locations. We closed and consoli- dated some of our smaller factories and drove down discretionary spending in every area of our operations. Overall, we reduced our S,G&A (selling, general and administrative) spending by $137 million.
With that savings, we were able to maintain our strong rate of investment in research and development and in new product introductions. During 2002, we applied 6.5% of sales to R&D, which led to commercialization of 403 product families.
At the same time that we were working to reduce costs, we moved aggressively to identify every opportunity
2002 ANNUAL REPORT 3
Strategy 1
Maximize Short-term Revenue
To counteract the effects of the recession, Molex went on the offensive, identifying every opportunity to generate additional business and vigorously working to close the sale.
   Shortened development and delivery lead times
   Expanded global account management
Made ordering and obtaining product informa- tion easier and more widely accessible through molex.com, vip.molex and customer extranets
Created traveling technology/product demonstrations and other market promotions
Marketed system sales capabilities more heavily
Kept pricing competitive with market conditions
2 MOLEX INCORPORATED
  
Letter Continued
for near-term business and to close the sale. As a result, we believe we outperformed the connector industry.
It could have been a lot worse. In fact, it was for many companies. While we undeniably were hurt by our high involvement in the telecommunications and com- puter industries, we were helped by our growing business with automotive customers worldwide, by modest improvements in certain sectors of the con- sumer industry and by our expanding involvement
in industrial applications, from factory floor to medical equipment and security.
This highlights a competitive strength of Molex:
our diversified mix of customers and industries. Equally important in mitigating the impact of the recession was our geographic diversification. We participate in all major markets of the world.
Also working in our favor was the Molex Global Information System, which links virtually all functions within the company worldwide. Our past investment really paid off. Today, the system is helping us reduce costs, better manage our operations, control invento- ries and improve quality and service.
We also have made it faster and easier for customers to do business with us. We created a self-service envi- ronment through molex.com, vip.molex and extranets, so our customers can electronically find any of our more than 100,000 products, download drawings, obtain a price quote, order samples and track delivery.
A few telling statistics: In 2002, more than 70% of
our customer orders were placed electronically, visits to molex.com reached record levels, and usage of our extranets nearly doubled.
Results By Region:
Americas (North and South America) This region
had a difficult year, with revenue off 35% from the prior year and profits down 79%. The fiber optic division, which for a decade averaged 60% per annum growth, suffered from the dramatic decline in telecommunica- tions orders, closing the year with sales down 60%.
Other factors depressing revenue included a drop
in spending for computers and basic equipment and a general reduction in industrial activity.
On the positive side, the region won new U.S. auto- motive business and rolled out 110 new products. We improved quality, honed time-to-market capabili- ties and employed lean manufacturing techniques to enhance processes, build speed and cap costs.
Far East North (Japan and Korea) Sales tumbled 29% in U.S. dollars and 23% in local currencies. Profits declined 56% in U.S. dollars and 53% in local currencies.
Molex Japan struggled most of the year because of the poor local economy, but ended 2002 showing renewed strength in the consumer products sector.
The region led the company with 137 new product launches and increased its position in the automotive and industrial markets. It also worked effectively to reduce costs and improve efficiency.
Our Korean operations performed well for most of the year, with sales in the second half surpassing those for the same period in 2001. Molex has a sizeable posi- tion in computer and consumer applications in Korea. To keep pace with the country’s booming economy, we opened a second connector plant there.
2002 ANNUAL REPORT 5
Strategy 2
Aggressively Cut Costs
-=
In 2002, we eliminated unnecessary discretionary spending in all of our operations and reduced selling, general and administrative costs by $137 million.
 2001 SG&A
23.7%
2002 SG&A
4 MOLEX INCORPORATED
   
Net Revenue
Annual Sales
Letter Continued
Far East South (Singapore, Malaysia, China, Thailand, Taiwan and India) This region achieved higher pretax and net income—a magnificent accomplishment in
a tough year. Profits were up 6% in U.S. dollars and 7% in local currencies. Sales were down 7% in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currencies. The Far East South benefited as customers, both OEMs and contract manufacturers, moved more production to China and other parts of the region, clearly demonstrating the advantages of Molex’s global presence.
As with all of Molex, telecom business in the Far East South was hardest hit. However, computers, the region’s largest area of business, and consumer prod- ucts began a modest comeback in the second half of the year. We started seeing results from our investment in system sales facilities, with value-added assemblies contributing strongly to both sales and profits.
Our aggressive expansion in China over the past 14 years is bearing fruit. We operate four manufacturing and system sales plants there, which gives us the capacity to meet accelerating demand as customers continue to transfer production to China.
We moved our manufacturing from Taiwan to Shanghai, with Taiwan remaining an important design center. We continue to build engineering resources in the region and today have experienced technical teams in Taiwan and Singapore, with new capabilities develop- ing in China.
Europe Reflecting the recessionary environment, this region sustained a substantial drop in sales and profits. Sales declined 28% in U.S. dollars and 29% in local currencies, while profits were 93% lower in U.S. dollars and 95% in local currencies.
Our past success concentrating in telecom hurt us
in 2002. While the mobile phone business held up fairly well, a number of our customers shifted production
to the Far East, helping that region, but hindering Europe. It is estimated that in 2002 as much as $500 million
of total industry connector usage moved from Europe to lower cost production areas.
In response, we instituted strict cost controls, which included completing the close of our French factory and increasing our production in eastern Europe, where we opened a larger facility in Poland.
On an upnote, the region grew automotive revenue and began building industrial sales. System sales activity, which increased during the year, is expected to become a much larger part of our European busi- ness mix in 2003.
Looking Ahead:
We believe Molex has the people, products, capabili- ties, facilities and drive to emerge from this downturn renewed, robust, ahead of the competition.
We have a clear vision of our future and the willingness and resources to turn it into reality. We continue to concentrate on the computer, telecom, automotive and consumer markets while we also build our position
in the industrial sector. We believe the opportunities in each of these industries are considerable and we are well positioned to take advantage of them.
Molex is in excellent financial condition, with $313.3 million in cash and marketable securities and only $14.2 million in long-term debt. Receivables and inventory are in good shape, and our plants and equipment are in top order.
2002 ANNUAL REPORT 7
Strategy 3
Maintain Investment in R&D
6.5% of net revenue invested in R&D
New in 2002: 403 Products 464 Patents
30% of annual sales from new products
    Products developed within the past three years generate on average 30% of Molex’s annual sales. To ensure this competitive edge, we channeled $111.8 million or
6.5% of 2002 net revenue into research and development, with outstanding results.
6 MOLEX INCORPORATED
  
Letter Continued
In these times of greater corporate financial scrutiny, our clean balance sheet and history of straightforward accounting serve us well. We intend to stick to conserva- tive Accounting 101 as we have for the past six decades.
With 55 plants in 19 countries, we are one of only a handful of connector companies that can supply prod- ucts anywhere in the world.
Best of all, we have plenty of room to grow. Even though we are the second largest company in the connector
J. Joseph King
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Martin P. Slark
President and
Chief Operating Officer
industry, we have only a relatively small share of a $25.6 billion global marketplace that has a great future. We are focused on what needs to be done and experienced in doing it.
For 2003, we believe Molex can achieve sales growth in the range of 12% to 15%, with a return to our 10% net profit goal in the fourth quarter and a 7% to 8% net profit for the full year. Attaining these results clearly depends on some factors beyond our control, but it is our view as we sign this letter to you, our shareholders.
Fred A. Krehbiel
Co-Chairman of the Board
John H. Krehbiel, Jr.
Co-Chairman of the Board
    2002 ANNUAL REPORT 9
Strategy 4
Continue to Build Market Position in Key Industries
1993
2002
  46%
33%
12% 9%
Computer/
Business Equipment/ Telecommunications
HomeEntertainment/ Appliance
Automotive Other
34% Computer
21% Telecommunications 18% Automotive
17% Consumer
6% Industrial
4% Other
         In 2002, Molex increased share by meeting the needs of leaders in industries with the most potential for growth. This strategy has served us well over the long term, giving us the flexibility to align our focus with opportunity. As a result, our current mix of business differs significantly from that of a decade ago.
8 MOLEX INCORPORATED
 