dear shareholders
in the face of unprecedented external challenges, Molex delivered steady results throughout fiscal 2008. thanks to a lot of hard work on the part
of our people, we made great progress toward our financial targets while implementing change across every corner of our business. we have put the right structure and strategy in place to convert our strengths into increased market leadership, profitability and growth, now and well into the future.
strength in a tough operating environment
during fiscal 2008, we worked against the same challenges most companies did—continued escalation of costs, from precious metals to petroleum; a weak U.S. dollar and exchange rate-related issues; and economic uncertainty, particularly in the United States. in spite of these head- winds, revenues were up 2 percent, from $3.27 billion in fiscal 2007 to $3.33 billion in fiscal 2008. this was particu- larly encouraging in light of the fact that we had to absorb the effects of several of our largest customers’ struggles, the discontinuation of our Brazilian operations, the divestiture of an assembly business and other factors that impacted revenues significantly during the year. in fact, we posted all-time record revenues in our second quarter and then surpassed that level for another record in the fourth quarter.
operating income for the fiscal year was $318 million, down just 1 percent year over year despite the external cost pressures. net return on sales and return on invested capital also were lower than the previous fiscal year but
increased over the course of fiscal 2008. we see it as a strong positive that revenue and earnings per share were within the range of our guidance throughout the year, and we achieved these results not only in a challenging economic environment, but also at the same time our people were implementing extensive changes related to our new organization and restructuring.
progress in a number of important areas
Gross margins, while down versus last year, showed se- quential improvement quarter by quarter as the fiscal year progressed. Selling, general and administrative costs (SG&a) were 20.0 percent of revenue in fiscal 2008, which showed year-over-year improvement and continued the positive trend of the last six years. in constant dollars, we reduced SG&a costs by $28.7 million. at 7.0 percent of revenue, capital expenditures were down significantly in the fiscal year compared with the previous year, reflecting the elimina- tion of duplicate capacity and improved discipline brought about by our new product-division-based organization.
1

we feel very good about our new organization
after its first full year in practice. as a result
of the commitment and dedication of Molex
people across the company, we were able to
implement sweeping, fundamental change
with little or no disruption of our business or
our customers’ businesses. we are seeing much more global collaboration, fewer redundancies and much better decision-making in every division, and we are convinced that we’re only beginning to see the benefits.
we made real progress in delivery and product quality—we achieved record on-time delivery performance on a consis- tent basis during the year. we also reduced the number of quality complaints we received in fiscal 2008 by more than 20 percent versus last year. when it comes to delivery and quality, we’ll never declare victory. our delivery and quality goals are 100 percent to promise date and zero defects, but we see our improving performance in these areas as clear evidence that our efforts are working.
a number of our customers took notice. Molex received General Motors’ 16th annual Supplier of the Year award
in april of 2008, recognizing “best of the best” performance in the areas of quality, service, technology and price. in addition, we received the Most improved total Cost of ownership (tCoo) award from Molex customer Celestica, a major contract manufacturer. the award takes into ac- count price, payment terms, quality and flexibility. these are just a few examples of the continued progress we made during the year in improving key functions, including new
product development, that strengthen customer relationships and enhance our ability to win new business. our two-year global initiative to rationalize and reallocate our assets to better align with the new organization is also on track—during the year, we incurred pre-tax
restructuring costs of approximately $31 million and realized cost savings of more than $25 million. we expect these benefits to accelerate in the second year of the initiative.
positioning for profitable growth
through acquisition
one of the advantages of our global product-focused division organization is an increased ability to identify and realize the benefits of niche acquisitions and partnerships. with the global perspective brought about by our new organizational structure, divisions are now looking more
to acquisitions to open up profitable new growth paths, including opportunities to increase our presence in the value chain, expand our product offerings and grow our customer base. we completed a number of transactions in fiscal 2008, and we expect to announce others over the next fiscal year and beyond.
at the beginning of the fiscal year, we completed the acqui- sition of Phoenix, arizona-based Polymicro technologies, llC, a leading designer and manufacturer of silica capillary tubing and specialty optical fibers, assemblies and other components. Polymicro brings to our integrated Products division (iPd) a broad line of fiber optic products and capabilities along with very strong customer relationships
Our new organization is in place and our restructuring plan is on track. We’re creating a Molex that is more global, more stream- lined and closer to the customer than ever.
2

in the medical, military and telecommunications markets. at the same time, Polymicro products will benefit from Molex’s global market coverage and low-cost, higher- volume assembly capabilities.
on the first day of fiscal 2009, we acquired taipei, taiwan- based aflextech, inc., essentially completing iPd’s line of flex circuit products. aflextech specializes in 1- to 6-layer flexible circuitry for consumer applications such as smart phones, personal medical devices and notebook com- puters—which opens up new markets for us both in the United States and globally. Because we previously sourced these products externally, the acquisition also significantly improves our cost profile and competitiveness.
in another important transaction, our Premise networks business unit purchased a 40 percent interest in HCS Kablolama Sistemleri Company, a joint venture with Hes Hacilar Elektrik Company, the largest cable producer in turkey. announced at the beginning of fiscal 2009, the partnership will enhance our competitive position in high- performance data cables for the structured cabling market.
growing momentum in our global lean
six sigma program
the challenges we saw in fiscal 2008—high copper, gold and other raw material costs, unprecedented oil prices, and an uncertain U.S. and global economy—are likely to continue in the foreseeable future. one of the keys to our success in this difficult environment is to continue to improve operating efficiency across the enterprise.
we launched our Global lean Six Sigma (GlSS) program in fiscal 2007 as a coordinated means to realize break- through performance improvement by reducing waste and streamlining our processes. we organized our implemen- tation of the program into “waves,” completing wave two by fiscal year-end 2008 with GlSS deployment at eight Molex locations in asia, Europe and north america. we have trained 69 black belts and have approximately 500 GlSS projects in the system, half of which are complete and being monitored; the other half are still in progress.
the results have been impressive. as of the fiscal year- end, the GlSS program has resulted in total cost savings of more than $26 million against a first-year target of $18 million. we expect the program to deliver another $50 million in savings in fiscal 2009.
ecocare: accelerating sustainable
practices at molex
in fiscal 2008, we launched ECoCarE, an expression of our commitment to outstanding corporate citizenship and environmental performance. ECoCarE is a comprehen- sive program of initiatives that encompasses management systems, regulatory compliance, operating philosophy, continuous improvement, employee and supplier relations, pollution prevention and education. ECoCarE forms a global framework and establishes a unified set of guiding principles for the pursuit of sustainability at Molex worldwide.
among our other accomplishments thus far is our devel- opment of the database and capability to readily provide
3

a “bill of substance” listing of all raw materials
embedded in our products, which is increas-
ingly valuable to Molex customers operating
in today’s demanding compliance environ-
ment. in addition, we ramped up our global
initiative to obtain iSo 14001 certification at
all Molex plants worldwide by calendar year-end 2009. Policies and practices designed to minimize environmental impact and waste are integral to iSo 14001 requirements. the program proceeded rapidly in fiscal 2008, with more than 90 percent of our facilities receiving certification.
moving forward with confidence
as we move into a fiscal 2009 that likely will be as challenging as 2008, we are focused on continuing the strategies currently in place to streamline and improve effectiveness in virtually every function of our business. one immediate priority as we move forward will be pricing. in the beginning of fiscal 2009, we put in motion a more rigorous, more disciplined pricing strategy designed to help us navigate a difficult cost environment while maintaining competitiveness in each of our divisions.
martin p. slark
vice chairman and chief executive officer
of our sales
we are particularly strong in asia, where we expect the strongest future industry growth.
We’re innovating to grow. That means continuing to lead with products and technologies. It also means innovating in how we see, approach and do things.
we are leaders in robust, global markets. we have diversified our customer base, with most of our fiscal 2008 sales growth coming from smaller accounts as opposed to a few large customers. we have always been well positioned globally—today, nearly 75 percent come from outside the United States—and
our balance sheet is solid, with very low debt and more than $500 million in cash and marketable securities. Perhaps most critical, we are improving our ability to move with speed and agility, making decisions, bringing products to market and executing strategy at an ever-faster pace.
June of 2008 marked our 70th year in business. we have a lot to be proud of—in those seven decades, we have grown from a small local enterprise to the second-largest connector company in the world. driven by the unparalleled talent and commitment of our people, we are taking all the right steps to ensure that we will continue to build on Molex’s global leadership for the next 70 years and beyond.
liam g. mccarthy
president and
chief operating officer
    