          Cell Phones
       Ultrasound Equipment
    LCD Displays
GPS Systems
dear shareholders:
Servers
             After several years of challenge in the global economy and change within our company, fiscal 2010 was a year of strong recovery for Molex. We experienced rapid revenue growth across virtually every one of our markets, both year over year and quarter
by quarter.
Rapid, Broad-Based Improvement in Results
Molex made tremendous progress in an improving but still-difficult economic climate. Revenue benefitted from strong performance across every major Molex market, led by growth in industrial, automotive, data and con- sumer electronics.
We returned to the $3 billion mark in net revenue after reporting a 22 percent year-over-year decline in fiscal 2009. Our rebound was across the board, showing solid double-digit improvement in nearly every measure com- pared with last year, including operating margin, which grew faster than sales, as well as net income, earnings per share and book-to-bill ratio.
A Variety of Performance Drivers
A variety of factors were behind Molex performance in 2010, both out in the marketplace and within Molex.
Government stimulus initiatives such as “Cash for Clunkers” programs in North America and Europe, and incentives in Asia to encourage people there to buy consumer electronics, contributed to positive momentum. The begin- nings of a release of pent-up demand for IT infrastructure updates at corporations worldwide and factory automa- tion among industrial companies contributed as well.
As the economic outlook gradually improves, increasingly confident businesses are rebuilding inventory. Unabated advancement of technology and functionality in consumer electronics and other products, along with the continued pace of new product introductions among customers, are factors behind our rebound that we believe will con- tinue to drive growth in the foreseeable future.
$3,266 $3,328 $2,861
32.9%
31.1% 30.5%
22.7%
  $3,007
29.7%
21.2%
         $2,582
25.4%
20.2% 20.0%
20.3%
       ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 Revenue (in millions)
’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 Gross Margin
’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 SG&A (percentage of net revenue)

 NEW ProductS rELEASEd IN 2010
221
NEW Product rEVENuE
NEW PAtENtS rEcEIVEd IN 2010
40%
346
oF totAL rEVENuE
the world of
molex & innovation
core Partner Award
huawei technologies Co., ltd.
Europe Supplier Excellence Award
ttI, Inc.
LIGHtFAIr 2010 Most Innovative Product of the Year Award
Medical design Excellence Award
Neuronetics
outstanding Performance Supplier Award
Sanmina SCI
INduStrY VALIdAtIoN

                                                                                                                                                                                    Digital Cameras
        Laptops
Factory Automation
Within Molex, strategies initiated over the past few years began to pay off on the top and bottom lines as condi- tions improved. One example is the decision we made in 2006 to focus our sales efforts on pursuing relation- ships with a larger number of smaller customers, which represented a departure from our traditional emphasis on serving the world’s largest corporations.
We call this our Focus Account strategy, and it is an increasingly significant contributor to results. At fiscal year-end 2010, total revenue was up 16.5 percent while revenue from Focus Accounts increased 42 percent. Sales from Focus Accounts increased from 14 percent of our total three years ago to approaching 30 percent as of this fiscal year-end.
As most of you know, a few years ago we transformed our organization from a geography-based structure to a product-division-based structure with a single global sales force. This has paid major dividends in our ability to identify and pursue revenue growth opportunities.
In addition, we implemented a three-year restructuring program to improve our cost position. Total cost of this program was $315 million and total annual savings will be approximately $205 million.
Strong Accomplishments During the Year
In addition to solid sales and financial performance, Molex accomplished much in fiscal 2010, including the success- ful, on-time completion of our restructuring program.
As we rationalized our plants, we successfully transferred a significant amount of production to our new manufac- turing center in Chengdu, China. With the completion of our restructuring program, we now have more than 70 percent of our manufacturing personnel and 60 percent of our capacity in lower-cost regions.
Networking
Hard Drives
We continued to emphasize product innovation, launch- ing approximately 221 new products during the year and investing 5.1 percent of revenue into research and development. Two promising technologies we men- tioned in last year’s letter made progress in 2010—our line of solid state lighting products (SSL) and S’NEXT, our initiative to design innovative sound systems for
the latest high-definition televisions and other elec- tronic products.
Working with joint venture partner Bridgelux, we intro- duced a new mass-market LED lighting solution, called the HelieonTM Sustainable Light Module. This new prod- uct line combines Bridgelux solid-state lighting expertise with advanced Molex interconnect technology to deliver LED energy efficiency and longevity at a competitive price point.
Less than two months after its launch, Helieon won the LIGHTFAIR International 2010 Most Innovative Product of the Year Award. LIGHTFAIR is the world’s largest and most prestigious annual architectural and commercial lighting trade show and conference; the award recog- nizes the most innovative technology out of hundreds
of submissions from established leaders in the lighting industry. This is a huge honor for Molex after entering this market just over a year ago.
Molex won a number of other prestigious awards during the fiscal year, including the Core Partner Award for supe- rior performance as a global supplier from China’s Huawei Technologies, a leading provider of next-generation telecommunications networks.
We improved our position in government and defense when Raytheon awarded Molex with Preferred Supplier status in fiscal 2010. We also expanded Molex capabilities
                                                       Diagnostic Equipment
       
      Smartphones
            Televisions
Sensors
in the radio frequency (RF) market and presence in China through our acquisition of Zhengjiang Tean Telecom & Appliance Co, Ltd.
We continued to advance our global Six Sigma program in 2010, achieving more than $60 million in savings for the fiscal year. The program now has nine Master Black Belts, 84 Black Belts, and 1,043 Green and Lean Belts across the company.
Looking Ahead
Our restructuring phase is complete. The global market- place and economy are showing increasing signs of improvement. Molex is well positioned to move forward.
We believe Asia will lead the global economic recovery, and we are a long-established leader there, particularly in Japan and China. As major electronics companies continue to reduce their global supplier bases, Molex is in a strong position to continue to make the cut with its expertise, product portfolio and geographic presence.
In the industrial market, we are seeing renewed global investment in factory automation, for which Molex
is well positioned with its acquisition of Woodhead sev- eral years ago. We expect the “enterprise refresh cycle,” companies investing in overdue IT infrastructure updates, to continue. The proliferation of smartphones is driving increased connector content, as is the introduction of other next-generation electronics products, from backlit LCD and 3D televisions to cameras with new features. All of these trends represent significant potential growth drivers for Molex.
Engine Control Units
Gaming Systems
Looking ahead, our priority is to continue our momen- tum. We will continue our emphasis on new product innovation with a sharp focus on achieving solid returns on these investments, while continuing to strengthen our internal processes. We will continue to build upon our success in Focus Accounts, and we remain committed to returning to a 14 percent operating margin.
We remain extremely well positioned to succeed long term. We are financially strong, with low debt and excel- lent cash flow. We are leaders in a broad range of grow- ing markets, with an organizational structure designed to foster global collaboration, agility and efficiency. Industry trends, from telecommunications to industrial, data to con- sumer, medical to military, align well with Molex strengths.
A Word of Thanks
We have made amazing progress in the most challeng- ing economic environment of our generation. We could not have achieved what we have so far without the pas- sion, commitment and hard work of the global Molex family of employees.
On behalf of the management team, we thank you all. We look forward to seeing what we can achieve with the Molex we have built together.
                Sincerely,
MARTIN P. SLARK
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
LIAM G. McCARTHY President and
Chief Operating Officer
  