 DEAR SHAREOWNERS,
At Monsanto, we are helping to develop solutions to one of the greatest challenges facing humankind – providing healthy and nutritious food for a population that is expected to grow from 7 billion today to nearly 10 billion by 2050. Meeting that challenge will require important innovations and many diverse stakeholders working together in new ways. Monsanto is committed to being part of this critical work.
This year our business took several steps forward. We delivered continued earnings growth, supported the delivery of innovations to help farmers, invested in breakthrough fields to improve agriculture and participated in conversations about food with new and important stakeholders.
We closed out the year near the high end of our guidance and with nearly $2 billion in free cash flow.(1) These results propelled us to our third consecutive year of greater than 20 percent earnings growth. The results also reflect the strength of our global portfolio even as we faced variability in our seeds and traits business.
We also delivered innovations to farmers and invested in new opportunities.
INTACTA RR2 PRO, our next generation soybean product in Latin America, is now poised to deliver a new wave of benefits to farmers throughout the region, and is expected to bolster the preservation of natural resources in one of the world’s leading biodiversity hotspots.
We broke ground on a significant expansion
of our global research center in suburban
St. Louis, Missouri. The expansion of our Chesterfield campus will bring new capacity and capabilities to help drive the discovery
and delivery of innovations for farmers around the world and bring hundreds of new jobs
to our region.
Our acquisition of The Climate Corporation
will expand both companies’ leadership in
data science, the next breakthrough area of agriculture. Together, Monsanto and The Climate Corporation will provide new insights and help farmers with the decisions they make every season, generating new growth opportunities
for Monsanto and growers.
On behalf of everyone at Monsanto, I want
to thank you for your continued support and investment. We know that by working together, we can continue to deliver innovations that improve lives around the world.
Hugh Grant
Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer
1
  (1) See page 8 for reconciliation of Free Cash Flow.
