 Dear Shareowners
One theme drives our business. It encompasses how we manage our pipeline and product portfolio,
view our relationships with farmers and deliver value to you, our owners.
InnovatIon
 In this space last year, I wrote to you about our conversations with farmers and what we had learned from them. One thing we heard over and over again was that we are the proven leader in product inno- vation. Where we needed to innovate was in our relationships. Our business is built on relationships with farmers, yet it was a shift to truly reflect their feedback as trusted consultants in the changes we made to our business. It’s still early, but we’ve made real progress in translating their feedback into changes in our approach.
In the United States, that meant offering more choices: more products at more price points in corn, more options in soybeans and improved products in both. The result speaks volumes. We still have more to do, yet our primary new U.S. products—the Genuity reduced-refuge family in corn and Genuity Roundup Ready 2 Yield soybeans — stepped up by at least 10 million acres each to become Monsanto’s new plat- forms in these crops.
Around the globe, innovation has driven the expan- sion of our base business, particularly in the areas where farmers recognize its benefits and where we see the next wave of growth. In particular, the ramp up of trait adoption in Brazil and Argentina is perhaps the most significant element for our busi- ness landscape now and in coming years.
In Brazil, where farmers’ appreciation of innovation has spurred adoption, it will mean our introduction of the first biotechnology trait designed specifically for an international market with Intacta RR2 PRO soybeans. This product provides farmers in this geography with needed insect protection combined with the Roundup Ready 2 Yield platform, and will serve as the base for future products in this market.
Our people make this innovation possible. Innova- tion fuels our breeding and biotechnology pipeline, where we continue to add and advance promising technologies for farmers around the world. Our
research and the understanding that the work we’re doing in our fields and greenhouses today could make a difference to farmers around the world tomorrow, energizes me and the rest of our team.
What it means for you, our owners, is an engine that delivers. We have achieved strong results in this important foundational year. We accomplished what we needed this year, and I believe we have our momentum back. We’re committed to working even harder to support the success of our customers. Their response encourages me to do more. When the farmer succeeds, we succeed.
What I like about what we saw in 2011 is that our growth wasn’t from one source. Our perfor- mance speaks to the balance in our strategy and our proven track record as the innovator of our industry. That innovation means our future business growth will be balanced across more crops and more products in more geographies, which embeds a greater degree of flexibility and opportunity than we’ve ever enjoyed.
All this culminates in carving out a unique space for Monsanto. Our dialogue with customers continues to guide our business as it grows. In an industry that needs innovation like none other to meet future demand, we will continue to be the technology leader. And, we will back that leadership with a business engine that translates innovation into value for you, our shareowners.
I, and the entire Monsanto team, would like to thank you for your continued support of our business.
Sincerely,
Hugh Grant
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
     