Dear Shareowners,
Food and agriculture are at the center of many important topics facing us and the world we share today. Topics like: climate change, preserving natural resources and growing enough food to nourish our world are not only critical for today, but for the future. As a company focused on agriculture, I’m proud we’re engaging in these larger conversations on food, farming and the future.
      This year, we took some important steps toward delivering even more innovative solutions
to growers to address these broad challenges. Solutions such as Intacta RR2 PROTM soybeans for South American customers that enable them to reduce the use of pesticides and protect their soy crop to improve yields, continuous breeding investments in our global corn business that offer a step change in yield, and our investment in The Climate Corporation to enable growers to make more exacting decisions by the square foot, bringing even greater efficiency to their farms.
These and other offerings helped us earn increased business from our customers despite a tougher business environment. Their confidence in our broad product portfolio enabled our fourth consecutive year of strong ongoing earnings per share growth, with our Seeds and Genomics segment delivering the majority of our gross profit growth.
We also continued to invest in long-term growth opportunities, both in our core business and
key growth platforms. A good example of this is our investment in the BioAg Alliance, where we’re partnering with Novozymes to research, discover and develop new biological applications for agriculture.
In addition to delivering on our financials and investing for longer-term growth, we also continued our commitment to returning value
to our shareowners. We have increased our dividend five times since the end of fiscal year 2010 for
a cumulative increase of almost 85 percent over that time period. In June, we announced a new $10 billion share repurchase authorization, inclusive of a $6 billion accelerated share buyback program. And, we’ve set a new long-term target to at least double full year ongoing EPS by the end of fiscal year 2019.
I’m proud of these accomplishments and excited about what the future holds for agriculture, farmers and our company.
It’s a future where, through innovative partnerships and sustained investment in research and development, we’re centered on creating more sustainable solutions for agriculture and farmers.
On behalf of the more than 22,000 employees of Monsanto, I want to thank you for your continued support.
Hugh Grant
Chairman of the
Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
        03
     MONSANTO.COM/ANNUALREPORT
