Chairman's Letter
Fellow Shareholders,

Operational Highlights

Since Marathon Petroleum Corporation became a publicly traded company in mid-2011, we have been steadfast in our pursuit of value-creation for our shareholders. As a result of MPC's continued strong financial performance and positive outlook, we implemented a 40 percent increase in our dividend beginning with the second-quarter 2012 distribution. During the year, we returned approximately $400 million to shareholders in the form of dividends. In February 2012 we announced a $2 billion share repurchase authorization, and executed an accelerated share repurchase (ASR), returning $850 million to shareholders. We initiated a second ASR in November, which returned another $500 million to shareholders by the end of January 2013. When added to dividends, these capital returns amount to approximately $1.76 billion. As shareholders, you also benefitted from a significant increase in the value of MPC stock; from year-end 2011 to year-end 2012, the share price rose 89 percent, reflecting the market's assessment of MPC's value and our great potential. Combined with dividends, total shareholder return in 2012 was approximately 94 percent. Among the S&P 500, MPC was the seventh-highest returning stock in 2012. We completed our Detroit Heavy Oil Upgrade Project, helping to secure our ability to benefit from price-advantaged crude oils, and we created MPLX LP, a master limited partnership to own, operate and grow a successful midstream business. We also have made carefully considered investments in MPC's long-term success, most notably the acquisition of the world-scale Galveston Bay refinery in Texas City, Texas, in February 2013.

MPC is strategically positioned to capture value from emerging market realities as they reshape our energy landscape.

This balance between investing in the business and returning capital to shareholders is a powerful driver of value. We are confident that our approach will continue to yield excellent results. In 2012, the U.S. energy industry continued to adapt to new market realities, such as growing North American crude oil resources, transportation bottlenecks, and regulatory and legislative challenges. These forces will continue to influence the domestic energy market for years to come, and we believe MPC is strategically positioned ­ with its asset base, geographic footprint, and talented employees ­ to capture value from these shifts as they reshape our energy landscape. As directors, we are fortunate to lead a company as capable and committed to success as MPC. The company prospered in 2012 under its experienced management team and dedicated employees. As the board focuses on creating lasting value for our shareholders, we are confident that MPC will continue to deliver that value.

Thomas J. Usher Chairman of the Board of Directors

Marathon Petroleum Corporation |2012 Annual Report

1

Financial Highlights CEO's Letter
Fellow Shareholders, During Marathon Petroleum Corporation's first full calendar year as an independent company, we focused on a balanced approach to creating value for our shareholders: carefully allocating resources to continue leveraging developments in the energy market, and returning capital to shareholders.
Meeting the Market's Needs

The value we have provided to our shareholders is the result of our continuous effort to meet the needs of energy consumers in the most efficient ways possible. Whether it's sourcing the most price-advantaged crude slate, identifying the most economical methods for transporting crude oil and finished products, or determining where our products will be needed most at any given time, MPC's thousands of talented people make it possible for us to meet the market's needs consistently and profitably. Today's energy market is evolving rapidly due to a variety of factors, not least of which is the continued growth of North American crude oil production. As every investor knows, market shifts represent both opportunity and risk. At MPC, our strategically located refining assets, diverse logistics and marketing options, and focus on safe and efficient operations position us to make the most of the opportunities. We intend to do just that.
Leveraging Opportunities

While we have returned substantial capital to our shareholders, we continue to balance that commitment with equally critical investments in MPC's long-term ability to benefit from changing market conditions. One of our most prominent achievements in this area began in February 2012, as we initiated an in-depth analysis of options for MPC's midstream assets. Ultimately, our strategic assessment led to the formation of MPLX LP (MPLX), a master limited partnership that launched a successful initial public offering in October. As the primary vehicle for MPC to own, operate and grow its midstream business, MPLX will invest in the build-out of infrastructure to accommodate new crude oil and refined product supply patterns. MPLX began operations with a solid asset base of pipelines, crude oil and refined product storage facilities, a barge dock on the Mississippi River, and a butane storage cavern near MPC's refinery in Catlettsburg, Ky. As a critical component of MPC's ability to operate its refineries as an integrated system, MPLX is expected to generate stable cash flow through fee-based services to MPC, as well as to third parties. As the North American energy industry continues to adapt to significant crude supply shifts, MPC moved toward augmenting its integrated network of assets by entering into a definitive agreement to purchase the world-scale, 451,000 bpcd Galveston Bay refinery in Texas City, Texas, along with related midstream assets and retail contract assignments. The transaction closed on Feb. 1, 2013. This acquisition will strengthen MPC's presence in the increasingly important western Gulf Coast region; enhance our distribution options for refined products, including greater export opportunities; increase our refinery system's complexity index, thereby augmenting our product slate and providing greater opportunities in petrochemicals; and provide us with immediate scale to expand our Marathon brand retail business further into the Southeast. We further optimized our feedstock economics by completing the Detroit Heavy Oil Upgrade Project (DHOUP). This project increased our Detroit refinery's heavy oil processing capacity from 20,000 bpcd to 100,000 bpcd, while increasing our total crude oil refining capacity at the facility from 106,000 bpcd to 120,000 bpcd.

2

Marathon Petroleum Corporation |2012 Annual Report

Operational Highlights
DHOUP validates a business decision we made several years ago that now enables MPC to benefit from discounted and growing Canadian heavy crude production. DHOUP also sets a new standard for mega-project execution. The multibillion dollar project was completed on schedule and on budget, and just as importantly, achieved an extraordinary safety record. In addition to major accomplishments such as DHOUP, the creation of MPLX and the Galveston Bay refinery acquisition, 2012 was a busy year for other improvements to MPC's operational capabilities. We replaced a 27-mile section of our Patoka-to-Catlettsburg crude oil pipeline, enhancing the capacity, safety and reliability of this important source of feedstock to our Catlettsburg refinery. We also strengthened our position as the customer of choice for liquids production from the Utica Shale play in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania by building additional infrastructure at our refinery in Canton, Ohio, to receive crude oil and condensate deliveries by transports from the nearby production. Our Speedway retail segment expanded its presence in some of our core marketing areas by purchasing 97 convenience stores in Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky. Our commitment to safe operations throughout our business continued to produce excellent results, as we finished the year with our best-ever safety performance.
Focus on Shareholder Returns

We were pleased with MPC's performance in 2012. We believe the market increasingly recognizes the drive for value that is part of our culture and the compelling value proposition MPC represents to investors. Total shareholder returns represent one of our fundamental objectives, and as such is incorporated into the incentive structure in place for our most senior leaders.
Building on a Legacy

The value we are able to provide to our shareholders is the result of our continuous effort to meet the needs of energy consumers in the most efficient ways possible.

Although MPC just completed its first calendar year as an independent company, in 2012 we celebrated our 125th anniversary, having been founded in northwest Ohio ­ where we are still headquartered ­ in 1887. That kind of longevity is not accidental. It is the result of talent and knowledge, certainly; however, it is also the result of a deep commitment to the five values that guide us: health and safety, environmental stewardship, integrity, citizenship and diversity. Our success would not be possible without these values to serve as our foundation. In 2012, we highlighted how our values contribute to MPC's success by publishing our first annual Citizenship Report. The report details non-financial performance metrics that we ­ and our stakeholders ­ consider important. We are well aware of the great trust shareholders have placed in us. MPC's values and balanced approach to doing business ensure that we earn your trust with every day, quarter and year that goes by. At the same time, we never forget that energy consumers depend on our products to fuel better lives. It is our privilege to continue meeting their expectations, and yours, by excelling at what we do, as we have for well over a century.

Gary R. Heminger President and Chief Executive Officer

Marathon Petroleum Corporation |2012 Annual Report

3

