Chairman's Letter Financial Highlights

Fellow shareholders, In 2013, Marathon Petroleum Corporation continued to benefit from its strong asset base and capabilities, while positioning itself to thrive in the shifting energy market. At the same time, your board of directors has maintained a balance between investing in the business and returning capital to shareholders. During 2013, the company returned $3.3 billion to you through share repurchases and dividends, and the price of your shares increased 46 percent. Total shareholder return for the year was 48 percent. As the board looks at MPC's strategic opportunities in the energy market, we see trends from which we will derive significant value for shareholders. We are positioned to benefit from shifts in North American energy production and transportation, demographic changes in retail markets, and global fuels demand. We are making investments to ensure that we strengthen the facets of our business that allow us to leverage these long-term trends. The MPC board of directors believes that aggressively growing the company's business segments that produce more stable cash flows, while continuing to enhance refining margins, is a sound strategy upon which to build long-term shareholder value. MPLX LP , the midstream master limited partnership we formed in October 2012, benefited MPC shareholders in 2013 through your company's general partner interest in the partnership. MPLX achieved a strong finish to its first full calendar year as a publicly traded entity, increasing its distributions to unitholders every quarter and providing a total unit return of more than 40 percent. As an ongoing expression of confidence in MPC's strategic direction, the board of directors has increased the dividend 110 percent since the company became a publicly traded entity in mid-2011. We also have authorized $6 billion in share repurchases during that time, a significant portion of which has already been completed. Marathon Petroleum Corporation is backed by more than a century of success in an ever-changing industry. The company's experienced management team, dedicated workforce, excellent assets and strategic direction position us to continue building on this foundation. As chairman of the board of directors, I am pleased to report that your confidence in the long-term value of your company is well founded. Sincerely,

110%
As an ongoing expression of confidence in MPC's strategic direction, the board of directors has increased the dividend 110 percent since the company became a publicly traded entity in mid-2011.

Thomas J. Usher Chairman
Marathon Petroleum Corporation | 2013 Annual Report

1

CEO'S LETTER

Fellow shareholders, Marathon Petroleum Corporation's resilience and flexibility proved their value in 2013. The powerful combination of our employees, management team and asset base enabled us to continue to prosper in the rapidly changing energy market, while we adhered to our commitment to balance investments in the business with returning capital to you. Last year we returned $3.3 billion to shareholders through dividends of $484 million and $2.8 billion in share repurchases. At year-end, there was $1.86 billion remaining in the share repurchase authorization approved by your board of directors. Our announced investments in 2013 reflected MPC's strategic direction: growing our midstream transportation and retail businesses to provide stable cash flow, while simultaneously enhancing refining margins.

$3.3 billion
Last year we returned $3.3 billion TO SHAREHOLDERS through dividends of $484 million and $2.8 billion in share repurchases.

Refining & Marketing We made significant investments in 2013 to optimize the capacity of our integrated refining system to meet growing global demand for liquid fuels.
The largest of these investments was our purchase of the 451,000 bpcd Galveston Bay refinery in Texas City, Texas, and related assets on Feb. 1, 2013. The Galveston Bay refinery's performance since the acquisition has exceeded our expectations. The plant's personnel achieved an excellent safety and environmental record under our management, as well as higher throughputs and lower operating costs relative to our forecasts as we focused on reliability and yield improvements. Environmental incidents decreased by approximately 80 percent, while injury rates decreased by approximately 70 percent over the prior year. We also increased the refinery's processing of price-advantaged crudes, with North American crudes rising to as much as 85 percent of the plant's slate from 63 percent. Among other assets included in this transaction, MPC acquired retail marketing contract assignments for about 1,200 branded retail locations. At year-end, MPC had secured significant volume commitments to become Marathon brand stations, and many of the locations had undergone rebranding. Securing additional commitments and rebranding will continue as the Marathon brand pursues this opportunity with these jobbers. Another important acquisition included in the Galveston Bay transaction was 50,000 bpd of space on the Colonial Pipeline. This allocation has given us additional logistical flexibility while allowing us to continue distributing refined products in markets served by the Galveston Bay refinery. In 2013, we completed construction of an additional 1 million barrels of gasoline tankage at Garyville, La., to enable more efficient blending and shipment of various gasoline grades, including to export markets. We advanced projects at our plants in Robinson, Ill.; Garyville; and at Galveston Bay that will increase our system's distillate production capacity as domestic and global demand for diesel
2
Marathon Petroleum Corporation | 2013 Annual Report

Financial Highlights

An operator at MPC's Detroit refinery

MPC employees at a pipeline terminal in Garyville, La.

continues to rise. We also conducted engineering work on condensate splitters at our Canton, Ohio, and Catlettsburg, Ky., refineries that will enable them to process a combined 60,000 bpd of Utica Shale production. MPC's refined product exports continued to rise during 2013, reaching an average of 218,000 bpd from a 2012 average of 123,000 bpd. This growth trend was even more pronounced toward the end of 2013, as we saw an average of 297,000 bpd of exports in the fourth quarter, and 345,000 bpd in December. We see this growth continuing in years ahead, and we plan to make low-cost, highreturn expansions to our docks at Garyville and Galveston Bay with the objective of an export capacity of at least 475,000 bpd by 2018.

Midstream We continued the targeted development of our transportation and logistics business in 2013 with a focus on assets that could be dropped down to MPLX LP (NYSE: MPLX), the master limited partnership we formed in October 2012. In May 2013, we sold a 5 percent interest in one of our subsidiaries, MPLX Pipe Line Holdings LP , to MPLX, bringing MPLX's stake in the subsidiary to 56 percent.
The drop-down of additional interests in MLP-eligible assets to MPLX is a core element of our strategy to grow MPLX's annual cash distributions over an extended period of time. MPC committed in November 2013 to fund 37.5 percent of the Sandpiper Pipeline project, which will increase takeaway capacity from the prolific Bakken Shale play in North Dakota. MPC's agreement with the project sponsor, Enbridge Energy Partners LP , includes our commitment to be an anchor shipper on the line. MPC will have an approximate 27 percent equity interest in the partnership's North Dakota System when the Sandpiper Pipeline is complete, with the option to increase the interest to 30 percent through additional investments in future system improvements. The Sandpiper Pipeline is scheduled to begin service in early 2016, and will add 225,000 bpd of takeaway capacity to the North Dakota System, giving it a total capacity of 580,000 bpd.

Marathon Petroleum Corporation | 2013 Annual Report

3

Financial Highlights

Speedway convenience store in Nashville, Tenn.

Marathon brand station in Fort Mill, S.C.

Our commitment to the Sandpiper project also gives us the option to increase our ownership interest in Enbridge's Southern Access Extension Pipeline to 35 percent. This 165-mile, 300,000 bpd pipeline will run from Flanagan, Ill., to the crude oil storage hub at Patoka, Ill., and is expected to be operational in mid-2015. In addition to being potential drop-downs to MPLX, these investments in the Sandpiper and Southern Access Extension pipeline projects provide MPC with additional access to growing crude oil production from the Bakken Shale play and Canada, and direct participation in the transportation of these crudes into our markets. As condensate and light crude oil production from the Utica Shale in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania grows, MPC is working to benefit shareholders by further leveraging our Midwest refining and logistics strength. In the fourth quarter, we completed a truck-to-barge logistics project that provides up to 50,000 bpd of Ohio River barge loading capacity at Wellsville, Ohio. Also during the fourth quarter, MPLX announced plans to develop the new Cornerstone Pipeline project, which will connect Utica production facilities to MPC's Canton refinery, with future potential connections to other MPLX pipelines in the region and to the Wellsville barge loading facility.

Speedway In our retail business, we expanded the marketing footprint of our Speedway subsidiary, which derives the majority of its margin from relatively stable merchandise sales. We executed the most aggressive construction program in years, including more than 100 property acquisitions, new builds, rebuilds and remodels in 2013. This growth included five new and acquired stores in western Pennsylvania and seven in Tennessee, both of which are promising new markets for Speedway. These additions increase Speedway's marketing area to nine states. Our growth also will focus on key markets where we already have a strong presence, such as the Chicago, Indianapolis, and Louisville, Ky., regions.

4

Marathon Petroleum Corporation | 2013 Annual Report

CEO's Letter Financial Highlights

MPC has more than 125 years of experience in the energy industry. During that time, we have adapted to dramatic changes in technology, energy supplies, geopolitics, demographics and societal expectations.

Positioned to Prosper MPC has more than 125 years of experience in the energy industry. During that time, we have adapted to dramatic changes in technology, energy supplies, geopolitics, demographics and societal expectations. Throughout our history, our commitment to values such as health and safety, environmental stewardship and corporate citizenship has been steadfast. As 2013 came to a close, MPC's safety and environmental performance was excellent, and we continued our role as a good neighbor in the communities where we are privileged to do business. We consider these accomplishments to be just as important as our operational and financial achievements detailed in this publication. I encourage you, as valued fellow investors, to review our Citizenship Report, where we chronicle our non-financial, values-driven metrics. As your company continues to execute strategic plans to meet the market's need for reliable, affordable energy, we will continue to be guided by our values, and by our commitment to increase the value of your ownership and share our prosperity with you. Sincerely,
Lab technician at MPC's Galveston Bay refinery in Texas City, Texas

Gary R. Heminger President and Chief Executive Officer Member of the Board of Directors

