                                         Thomas J. Usher
Chairman of the Board
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
By focusing and successfully executing on the strategies and plans that increase our company’s value, we are continuing to build a new Marathon. We have set a solid foundation for sustainable and improving future perform- ance by creating an enhanced asset base with greater growth potential. And the market is beginning to recognize and reward our actions, placing Marathon
in the top third of our peer group in terms of total shareholder return since our transformation began.
 On March 1, 2000, Marathon established a new leadership team and began the development of a bold strategic direction. We set our sights on becoming the pacesetter for sustainable value growth through innovative energy solu- tions and unique partnerships. And we identified the key achievements
that would take us there: explo- ration success, financial discipline, profitable new core areas, a new integrated gas strategy and contin- ued strong performance in our downstream joint venture.
Our many successes in 2003 make it clear that Marathon is on the right path. Tracking our
shareholder return from
March 1, 2000, through the end of 2003, we rank fourth in the Amex Oil Index of 13 peer com- panies* with a total shareholder return of 56.9 percent.** Make no mistake — we are not satis- fied with that position, but we are pleased that the market is
2

                                         Clarence P. Cazalot Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
recognizing and rewarding the steps we have taken to reposi- tion our company.
2003 Key Highlights:
• Made nine offshore exploration discoveries in Norway, Angola, Equatorial Guinea and the
Gulf of Mexico
• Advanced new core areas in Equatorial Guinea and Norway
• Created a new core area in Russia through a $285 million acquisition
• Increased condensate production with the Phase 2A expansion project in Equatorial Guinea
• Signed two agreements to advance our integrated gas strategy in Equatorial Guinea
• Invested in refinery upgrades and efficiency enhancements
• Improved downstream logistics network through Centennial and Cardinal Products pipelines
• Completed an asset rationaliza- tion program and launched a business transformation process
A Differentiated Marathon
Not only is the Marathon of today different from the past, we are differentiated from our competitors by a business model unique for our size, encompass- ing exploration and production; refining, marketing and trans- portation; and integrated gas.
Our upstream assets have been enhanced as we have reshaped our portfolio, divesting of almost $1 billion in non-core assets in 2003 and focusing our resources on new opportunities in Russia, Equatorial Guinea and Norway. We are commercializing our exploration successes, with interests in Alvheim and Klegg offshore Norway, the Gulf of Mexico’s Neptune and Perseus discoveries, and a string of deepwater discoveries offshore Angola. Approximately 60 percent of our proved reserves at year-end 2003 have been added since January 1, 2000. These assets
have much greater resource potential and already have added approximately 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent of net risked resource for us to draw upon
in the future.
Despite some initial market skepticism about Marathon’s ability to execute on our inte- grated gas strategy, the global marketplace has confirmed what we knew all along — it is the right strategy at the right time. Our success to date also affirms that we are the right company to deliver it. To that end, we have focused on identifying critical skill sets and adding the expertise needed to execute our strategies going forward.
The growing market for liquefied natural gas (LNG), particularly in meeting growing natural gas demand in the United States, is a key focus for Marathon’s integrated gas strategy. In the Atlantic Basin, where regasification terminals
 *The Amex Oil Index includes Amerada Hess Corporation; BP PLC; ChevronTexaco Corporation; ConocoPhillips; ExxonMobil Corporation; Kerr-McGee Corporation; Marathon Oil Corporation; Occidental Petroleum Corporation; Repsol YPF; Royal Dutch Petroleum Company; Sunoco, Inc.; Total S.A.; and Unocal Corporation.
**Total shareholder return is calculated using a single-point baseline (the stock price on March 1, 2000) compared to the average of the closing common stock prices during December 2003, plus dividends paid over the time period.
3

                                        already exist and many more are planned, our efforts are concen- trated on LNG supply. Having reached tentative agreement on long-term offtake in Equatorial Guinea and acquired the right to deliver other LNG supplies at Georgia’s Elba Island, Marathon’s integrated gas strategy would reach critical mass with the approval and construction of the proposed LNG plant in Equatorial Guinea, with projected annual production of
3.4 million metric tonnes. Pending approvals, start-up currently is pro- jected for late 2007.
The emergence of viable gas- to-liquids (GTL) technology also presents exciting integrated gas opportunities to commercialize stranded gas resources. A demon- stration plant in Oklahoma is helping Marathon evaluate the commerciality of an experimental GTL technology, which is a fea- ture of a proposed integrated gas project in Qatar.
Our downstream joint venture is continuing to leverage invest- ments in core markets, expand and enhance its asset base, reduce costs, and manage efficiently and strategically. In 2003, MAP invested in technology upgrades and expansions at its refineries to increase yield, improve reliability and help meet clean fuels require- ments. MAP improved its logisti- cal network into the relatively high-margin Midwest through increased ownership of the
Centennial Pipeline and the com- pletion of the new Cardinal Products Pipeline. On the retail side, merchandise margins con- tinue to exceed fuel margins and investment is focused on MAP’s largest markets.
As our industry benefited from higher-than-mid-cycle prices in both oil and natural gas in 2003, Marathon took advantage of favorable market conditions to fund profitable growth and strengthen our balance sheet. Marathon lowered its cash- adjusted debt-to-capital ratio to less than 33 percent at year-end and announced an increase in the quarterly dividend of approxi- mately 9 percent during the third quarter. Our strengthened balance sheet has greatly increased the strategic opportunities within
our reach.
Strategic Intents
Going forward, we have outlined the path to our future success with a number of strategic intents. First, we intend to remain inte- grated across the value chain. Our integration opens more opportuni- ties for growth and helps to pro- tect us against pricing volatility between our upstream and down- stream interests. Although much of our investment in the future is international, we will retain a sub- stantial asset position in member countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Development (OECD), expecting to maintain an asset base of approximately 70 percent OECD through 2008. By continuing our emphasis on financial discipline, we intend to maintain a cash- adjusted debt-to-capital ratio of approximately 40 percent or lower. And we intend to achieve earnings-per-share growth on a mid-cycle, flat-price basis.*
We see this growth coming from more than just production. Our unique business model pro- vides for many sources of prof- itable growth beyond our current production portfolio: LNG vol- umes in Equatorial Guinea, re- gas volumes into Elba Island, a growing resource and reserve base, and substantially increased branded gasoline and merchan- dise sales through MAP. Through these efforts, Marathon can add value based on the actions we take, not simply as a result of
the market or pricing.
To continue Marathon on the path to profitable growth, we have identified a number of oper- ational goals for 2004. We expect to continue our exploration suc- cess in Angola, Equatorial Guinea, Nova Scotia and the Gulf of Mexico. The successful com- pletion of our Phase 2B expan- sion in Equatorial Guinea, the sanctioning of our recent discov- eries offshore Norway and in the Gulf of Mexico, and the develop- ment of growth opportunities will
*Mid-cycle, flat-price basis is defined as $21.50 per barrel West Texas Intermediate crude oil and $3.50 per thousand cubic feet of natural gas Henry Hub pricing.
4

                                        be critical to our performance. Certainly, obtaining project sanc- tioning to construct the LNG plant in Equatorial Guinea is a key objective in 2004. In addi- tion, we are investing approxi- mately $800 million in our downstream joint venture opera- tions to enhance efficiency, opti- mize sourcing and comply with low-sulfur (Tier 2) fuel specifica- tions. Finally, we must continue to exercise financial discipline to enable Marathon to capitalize on several high-potential investment opportunities we have identified for the future.
Living Our Values
At Marathon, we remain commit- ted to operating with the highest regard for our shareholders, our partners, our employees and
the communities in which
we operate. Our accountability to shareholders begins with per- sonal performance commitments linked to our corporate goals. These commitments are then linked to compensation. In April our shareholders approved the 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan. Our annual incentives for officers are based on competitive metrics that drive our business, and our long-term incentives are linked to shareholder return rank- ings within our industry. In addition, we implemented stock ownership guidelines for all officers and directors.
Our focus on the highest stan- dards of corporate governance is reflected in Marathon’s outstand- ing reputation. We are leading our industry in several important measures, including being the first oil company to announce the expensing of options. In early 2004, Institutional Shareholder Services scored Marathon as out- performing more than 81 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 and 96 percent of the companies in the Energy Indices in terms of corporate governance excellence. In 2003, the Energy Intelligence Group ranked Marathon first in corporate governance quality among the world’s top 20 publicly traded oil and gas companies.
Lastly, we will maintain our standing as a good corporate citi- zen, known for running safe and environmentally sensitive opera- tions, fostering a business envi- ronment that celebrates diversity, and providing philanthropic sup- port. One good example of com- munity support is our partnership to reduce the transmission of malaria on Bioko Island, a lead- ing cause of mortality among children under five in Equatorial Guinea. Through education, improved preventive measures at the household and community levels, medical case management and indoor residual spraying, we aim to reduce the infection rate by 80 to 90 percent over a five- year period. This is but one
example of the positive impact Marathon makes on the commu- nities around the world where we live and work.
Although we have made much progress in reshaping our com- pany over the last few years, we are by no means satisfied that the job is complete. Walk the halls at Marathon and you will find a workforce that is energized, motivated and passionate about the direction in which we are heading. We have accomplished a great deal in the last four years, but we know the best lies ahead and we are committed to deliver- ing sustainable value growth in 2004 and beyond. We thank you for your investment and continued confidence in Marathon.
Sincerely,
Thomas J. Usher Chairman of the Board
Clarence P. Cazalot Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 8, 2004
  5
