March 2009

Dear Fellow Shareholders: In 2008, amidst the most challenging global economic environment in decades, Motorola delivered solid financial results in our Enterprise Mobility Solutions and Home & Networks Mobility businesses. We also moved forward on our strategy to reposition our Mobile Devices business. Across the company, we focused on the right markets, the right technologies and the right investments to grow our business for the future. Over the past 80 years, Motorola has weathered tough macro environments and reinvented itself many times by being very focused on innovation and customers. We are doing so again. In 2009, we will prudently manage business fundamentals, maintain a strong balance sheet and invest in the technologies and market segments we serve. In 2008, we announced that we were pursuing the creation of two independent, publicly traded companies. Due to the weakened global economic environment and dislocation in the financial markets, as well as changes underway in our Mobile Devices business, we announced that we were no longer targeting the third quarter of 2009 to complete the separation. Nonetheless, we have made progress on various elements of our separation plan and remain committed to creating two independent companies. Business review The Enterprise Mobility Solutions and Home & Networks Mobility businesses that make up our Broadband Mobility Solutions organization continue to be substantial franchises with leadership positions in many markets that are shaping the communications landscape of the 21st century. Our Enterprise Mobility Solutions business performed well and grew in key international markets. In a time of tight infrastructure budgets, our mission-critical communication solutions remain a toppriority for homeland security and public safety customers. In enterprise, our products address the need for converged enterprise communications and productivity enhancing solutions. Our Home & Networks Mobility business continues to lead in market share in digital entertainment devices for cable and IPTV deployments. We also provide fully integrated and customizable media solutions to deliver personalized, rich media experiences to the consumer. Our strategy to make `broadband everywhere' a reality no matter the network topology continues to pan out around the globe. And we are helping customers optimize their networks to reduce cost and maximize bandwidth for their subscribers, which makes richer, more personalized media both portable and secure for consumers. Our vision for the Mobile Devices business is to be a profitable, leading supplier of wireless handsets. We have taken actions to reduce the size and cost structure of the business, including actions to simplify handset platforms and enhance the product portfolio. New products that we plan to introduce are already getting positive feedback from several key customers. We have also increased our focus on priority markets, including the Americas and parts of Asia. We will build on
continued ­

our initial progress as we continue our efforts to improve time to market and deliver compelling new products and mobile experiences to consumers. We responded quickly to the global economic downturn in the latter half of 2008 with tough decisions to conserve cash and reduce costs through workforce reductions, employee benefit and compensation changes and facility rationalization. In 2009, we will continue to focus on our cost structure to help improve our financial performance. Looking forward Key objectives for 2009 include both near and longer-term perspectives. Clearly, we must execute on our operating plans to optimize business results in the midst of a very challenging economic climate. We also must prudently invest for the future to position ourselves for opportunities that will come with the next growth cycle. During 2009 we will focus on: · Listening to customers and creating value -- We have long-standing relationships with our customers, who depend upon an innovative partner to anticipate emerging trends and collaborate on technology roadmaps. We are committed to helping all of our customers succeed. · Differentiating our products through innovation and experiences -- Our unique combination of technology, design and functionality create high-value end-to-end solutions for our customers. We will take a leadership role in emerging consumer and enterprise demand trends and technology transitions through prioritized investments and an uncompromising commitment to quality. · Expanding our brand strength -- Motorola enjoys one of the most recognized brands in the world. We will continue leveraging our global brand across our Broadband Mobility Solutions businesses as well as Mobile Devices. · Demonstrating our corporate responsibility -- We believe that doing business and doing the right thing are not mutually exclusive for responsible companies. We will continue to invest in our communities through our support for education and the volunteer efforts of our employees. We will further reduce our environmental impact through expanding recycling programs, reducing our carbon footprint and developing products like the MOTOTM W233 Renew handset, our new mobile phone made from recycled plastic water bottles. It is through the hard work of our people and their dedication to our customers that we will meet our objectives and continue to advance the way the world connects. In doing so, we will provide a path for profitable growth and improved results for our business and our shareholders. Regards,

Greg Brown Co-CEO, Motorola CEO, Broadband Mobility Solutions

Sanjay Jha Co-CEO, Motorola CEO, Mobile Devices

