 To our stockholders and other friends
Our company is emerging from a year of tremendous struggle and rebuilding, a year of unacceptable performance for our stockholders, a year different and more difficult than any other in our history.
Like others, we inopportunely chased the dot-com and telecom boom in 2000 and built up manufacturing capacity and a global cost structure for a $45 billion revenue company going into 2001, having achieved $37.6 billion in revenue in 2000. Then came the reality of 2001. A telecom equipment downturn affecting both wire-line and wireless. The worst semiconductor decline in history. Dot-com busts. A U.S. recession. Appalling terrorist acts. Delays in the deployment of next-generation (3G) wireless technology. A large customer default. Sales of only $30 billion. Major and painful corporation-wide resizing. Regrettable financial charges.
Sales decreased to $30.0 billion compared with $37.6 billion in 2000. We incurred a net loss of $3.9 billion compared with net earnings of $1.3 billion the prior year. The loss per share was $1.78 versus earnings of $.58 per share in 2000.
We are determined to become a great stock again. Our 5-point plan to rebuild value for our investors includes an emphasis on a strengthened manage- ment team; a stabilized balance sheet and improved financial flexibility;
Included in the loss of 2001 were special items resulting in a net charge of $3.3 billion after-tax, which represented approximately 80% of the total loss for the year. A portion of these charges were related to cost-reduction actions taken in 2001 as business activity weakened. These actions have been designed to adjust our costs to global market conditions and, as the market recovers, to restore a trend of improving profitability. In fact, the balance sheet at the close of 2001 was stronger than at the close of the previous year. Full financial data can be found in the proxy statement.
cost and capacity reduction; growth driven by innovation; and continuous reevaluation of our strategies to ensure alignment with the direction of a dynamic high-tech environment.
We have been moving aggressively to reverse the impact of 2001 and return
to profitability. Our goal is to be a great stock again. We intend to achieve superior and consistent operating performance through market share gains based on frequent new product cycles and new market opportunities. The business strategies we are following are robust and will, we believe, lead us to profitability. We instituted a 5-point plan to build shareholder value, and we’re delivering on that plan:
1. An experienced management team complemented by new talent.
We have instituted a world-class leadership supply system to ensure the right managers in the right jobs at the right time.
2. Stabilized balance sheet and financial flexibility.
We generated positive operational cash flow of more than $1.9 billion, reduced net debt by $4 billion and improved working capital.
Christopher B. Galvin
3. Reduced costs/manufacturing capacity.
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (right)
We announced a significant workforce reduction, and a reduction in the number of manufacturing plants. We began 2001 with 147,000 employees and employed 111,000 at year-end.
Edward D. Breen
President and
Chief Operating Officer (left)
MOTOROLA, INC. 3

 4. Growththroughinnovativeproducts,softwareapplications,customerrelationships.
In 2001, we took tough but necessary steps throughout the corporation to improve our cost structure, institute new efficiencies and enhance our bal- ance sheet. Meanwhile, PCS improved both its market share and profitability; GTSS continued its drive to achieve oper- ational excellence and develop more value-added services for customers; and BCS bolstered its leadership position through acquisition.
We’re providing our customers with the solutions they demand: a portfolio of
24 exciting new wireless telephone products; driver information systems, such as the OnStar® system; new digital cable set-top products; next-generation wireless technology; silicon-to-software solutions.
5. Continuous reevaluation of our strategy as the high-tech environment changes. Examples of this include the divestiture of businesses no longer key to our strategies; acquisitions of companies that strengthen our strategic position; and the decision to license our technologies more aggressively to other companies to generate royalty income.
The changes we are making now are fundamentally different than the changes we made in the past. We’ve taken the tough, necessary steps to improve our cost structures, institute new efficiencies across the corporation, focus on generating profit and positive cash flow, maintain a low break even point and enhance our balance sheet.
2001 was the first year in the history of the cellular industry in which handset sales declined. Despite this, our Personal Communications Sector (PCS) retained the number-two worldwide market share, improved that market share from 15% at the end of 2000 to 17% at the end of 2001 and returned to profitability in the fourth quarter of 2001. We are the number-one handset provider in the rapidly grow- ing China market. PCS expects further improvement in performance by driving:
• Theimplementationofourplatformdesignstrategy;
• Aggressivereductionsinourproductportfolioandpartscomplexity;
• Increasedmarginsfornewproducts;and
• Markedlyimprovedrelationshipswithoperators.
In 2001, the wireless infrastructure industry also experienced its first year ever of decline, dropping 23%. The focus of our Global Telecom Solutions Sector (GTSS) is back to basics. As part of the drive toward operational excellence, the sector will increasingly focus on providing margin-enhancing, value-added software and services to its large installed base of customers. GTSS has won contracts and is deploying next-generation wireless technology, such as GPRS, CDMA 1X and UMTS.
While the cable equipment industry saw a softening of demand in 2001,
the Broadband Communications Sector (BCS) retained a strong market share and technology position. We believe the cable equipment market will resume growth during the second half of 2002 due to significant opportunities outside of North America. The European market in particular presents significant opportunity
over the next few years.
4 MOTOROLA, INC.

 BCS has made strategic acquisitions to strengthen its leadership role in the cable equipment industry and to support its growth strategy of building its Internet Protocol (IP) business to deploy the “triple play” of video, voice and data services on a worldwide basis.
Our Commercial, Government and Industrial Solutions Sector (CGISS) continued to maintain strong market share and technology leadership in the two-way radio market. Motorola became the first company to deliver IP technology on a digital trunking system that complies with the Project 25 U.S. public safety standard for digital radio communications. We also began shipping new-generation portable and mobile radios compatible with Project 25 and TETRA, the European standard for digital radio communications.
CGISS divested non-strategic elements of its business and intensified its focus on growth opportunities in integrated communications and information solutions. As government-funded programs for Homeland Security become solidified, Motorola is very well positioned to participate.
In our Semiconductor Products Sector (SPS), we have implemented a new busi- ness model intended to improve substantially its long-term financial performance. We are sharpening the focus of the sector on the wireless communications, network- ing and transportation markets, which we believe have a tremendous future. This business model, which we refer to as “Asset Light,” consists of three major elements:
As CGISS focuses its growth strategy on integrated communications, as
SPS implements its new “Asset Light” business model, as IESS works to build upon its leadership in Telematics, Motorola is, across the entire organ- ization, intensely focused on what’s most pressing and relevant right now: becoming as successful financially
1. An increased focus on proprietary, higher-value products providing silicon- to-software solutions;
2. A new more efficient approach in manufacturing to reduce fixed asset expenditures. We have already announced and begun to implement factory closures and consolidations.
3. A much more aggressive approach to licensing intellectual property. Included in this initiative are patent cross-licenses, process technology licenses and agree- ments with partners to commercialize manufacturing invention and know-how that we have created.
as it is technologically.
In the highly competitive automotive market, our Integrated Electronic Systems Sector (IESS) enjoys a strong market share in driver information systems, known as Telematics, that make cars smarter and safer. The Energy Systems Group within IESS provides energy system solutions for a wide variety of portable products.
What’s relevant?
The summary annual report that follows shows examples of how – in reality – right now – our businesses are doing some spectacular things with our customers that give us a glimpse of the opportunity we have for profitable growth in exciting arenas.
MOTOROLA, INC. 5

 As we progress through 2002, a new reality continues to evolve. The role of sophisticated, flexible and reliable communications has never been more important. What’s relevant to society? Simplicity. Safety. Security. Innovation. Leadership. Quality. The ability to protect. The ability to respond. Motorola Intelligence EverywhereTM solutions are making things smarter and life better all over the world.
Over the course of our history, Motorola has enjoyed wave after wave of growth in the marketplace, moving from a privately owned startup to a globally acknowledged industry leader. We have helped to define the way the world com- municates. And now, we intend to become as financially successful as we are technologically successful.
We are setting ambitious goals to ensure that Motorola is well positioned to take advantage of the resumption of strength in our marketplaces. We are confi- dent that the invigorating actions we are now taking will reward our stockholders. We think you’re going to like the leaner, more responsive company we’ve become.
Leadership transition
In closing, we would like to take special note of the transition of Bob Growney on December 31, 2001 from his position as president and chief operating officer to vice chairman of the Board of Directors and his pending retirement from Motorola effective March 31, 2002.
It has been a special privilege for this senior leadership team to work with Bob. We all have benefited greatly from his wisdom and counsel. We thank him for the thoughtful and significant contributions he has made during his 35-year Motorola career and look forward to building on his long record of achievement as we enter the next stage of our company’s development.
Our business strategies and new course of action are designed to enhance the shareholder value of this great company. We enter 2002 leaner, more agile, and more fiscally sound. We respect the monumental challenges we face. With renewed commitment, we are a leadership team that is fiercely dedicated to the ideas, energy, innovation and stamina it will take to move Motorola forward. From the extraordinary challenges of 2001, we rebuild and renew.
Christopher B. Galvin
Edward D. Breen
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
President and
Chief Operating Officer
6 MOTOROLA, INC.
Robert L. Growney
Vice Chairman
