Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

Why Motorola? Why now? What's next?
Good questions...the questions same ones I asked before becoming Motorola's new Chairman and CEO.

My answers:

Motorola is a great global brand It's the original high-tech startup, with over 75 years of world-changing innovation, a rich portfolio of patents, an amazing team of technologists and a passionate commitment to R&D. It's a company built by engineers, visionaries and those who are both. No company is more strongly positioned to make new technologies converge to create compelling new possibilities
with even greater potential.
the device formerly known as

for the home, the automobile, mission-critical mobile, the enterprise enterprise, and the cell phone. phone

Our belief: Intelligent products can unleash personal potential. Make the world smarter. Simpler. Easier to navigate. More productive. More fun. Our challenge: challenge Convert our strengths into growth and a high level of financial return to our stockholders. In our world of Intelligence EverywhereTM ...

I see opportunity everywhere.

Opportunity: Connect, Lead, Grow We keep the word flowing to the right folks in the right places. Motorola is a global leader in wireless, automotive and broadband communications.

Intelligence Everywhere really means opportunity everywhere.
TM

But where is everywhere?

As consumer choice gets broader, as devices get smarter, as the world and everything in it get more connected, Motorola is everywhere: automotive electronics and telematics systems commercial and industrial communications embedded computer systems embedded microprocessors government and public safety communications personal communications portable energy products wireless telecom networks wireless and wired broadband networks This is how we performed everywhere... I invite you to take a look at the new Motorola and its opportunities everywhere.

40 30 20 10 0 2,000 0 -2,000 - 4,000 -6,000 .75 0 -.75 -1.5 -2.25 99 00 01 02 03

Net Sales (dollars in billions)

Operating Earnings (Loss) (dollars in millions)

Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share (in dollars)

2003 Net Sales by Business Segment
(before intercompany eliminations)

Financial Highlights
Years ended December 31, Dollars in millions, except per share amounts and as noted

38%

Personal Communications Segment

17%

Semiconductor Products Segment

2003

2002
15% Global Telecom Solutions Segment

Net sales Operating earnings (loss) % to sales Earnings (loss) before income taxes % to sales Net earnings (loss) % to sales Diluted earnings (loss) per common share

$ 27,058 1,084 4.0% 1,293 4.8% 893 3.3% 0.38 3,771 655 88

$ 27,279 (1,813) (6.6)% (3,446) (12.6)% (2,485) (9.1)% (1.09) 3,716 607 97

14% 8% 6% 2%

Commercial, Government & Industrial Solutions Segment Integrated Electronic Systems Segment Broadband Communications Segment Other Products Segment

2003 Market Sales by Region

Research and development expenditures Capital expenditures Year-end employment (in thousands)

50%

United States

14%

Europe

10%

China

10% 8% 5% 3%

Asia-Pacific Latin America Other Markets Japan

1

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

Opportunity: Third Generation Wireless Services (3G) Sales for 3G handsets are expected to grow rapidly in 2004 ­ with current estimates of more than 15M 3G handsets being sold to consumers in 2004.
source: Motorola Business Intelligence

Where is everywhere? Everywhere is wherever you are. It's in your life. It's in your hand. It's in your pocket. It's in your fun. It's in your games. It's what you hear, what you see and what you share...

Personal Mobile Broadband is

the next big thing in wireless communications.
We are making Third Generation (3G) wireless services a reality with Hutchison 3G UK Limited.

With the new Motorola A920 color screen handset consumers can:

 Make real time video calls via a digital, built-in video camera  View music videos, movie trailers, sports or news clips  Find the nearest café, restaurant, shops or cinema, thanks to A-GPS capability  Listen to music using the integrated MP3 player  Make or receive calls at the same time as accessing content and downloading video or audio  Use the phone internationally

2

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

Opportunity: Push-To-Talk over Cellular 51% of mobile handset users worldwide who do not already have Push-To-Talk say they want it!
source: Motorola Business Intelligence

The world would not be wireless without

portable energy...Motorola Energy Systems is one of the world's largest independent suppliers of battery packs for portable devices.

Push 2 Talk Push 2 Music Push 2 Pictures Push 2 Data

Not 2 far in the future.

We are bringing our Push-To-Talk leadership to Cellular for CDMA and GSM networks.
what telecom operators need in their networks + the features consumers want in their handsets

Motorola V400p Push-To-Talk over Cellular with style and flair!
Retail availability is expected in June 2004

Motorola wireless communications technology is behind the scenes.

need style

want flair

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

3

Opportunity: Mobile 66% of mobile handset users say they want an integrated digital camera with their next purchase.
source: Motorola Consumer Insights and Intelligence

New! Motorola HS810 hands-free wireless Bluetooth* headset

*Bluetooth...cutting-edge wireless protocol for connecting mobile devices.

Originally triplets, our family's expanded to quads, the Motorola V300, V400, V500 and V600.......................
and... more siblings are on the way!

Each is built on Motorola's i.250 chipset. Now, this is manufacturing efficiency deluxe! This common hardware and software platform includes: large color display Bluetooth ® technology capabilities flash memory VGA camera intuitive user interface

4

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

Opportunity: Networking Motorola sells equipment to 13 of the top 18 telecom network operators worldwide.
source: EMC Database March 2003

Big Business in China! Over the past several years, China Mobile Communication Corporation (CMCC), one of the largest mobile operators in the world, has consistently chosen Motorola to build out its network. The latest contract deployment will prepare CMCC for the evolution to 3G and the applications it can deliver to its customers. Motorola is also expanding and upgrading the networks of China United Telecommunications Corporation (China Unicom), another of the world's largest mobile operators.

The Motorola SoftSwitch represents a new paradigm in switching technology.
Benefits to network operators include reduced operating costs, easy upgradability and migration capability to technologies that support voice, data, video and Push-To-Talk over Cellular applications: requires less space and power to operate compared with legacy switches is faster and easier to deploy than legacy switches takes the operator to the world of multimedia data applications

Commercial SoftSwitch Deployments: Portugal_RadioMovel + India_Tata Teleservices, Ltd.

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

5

Opportunity: Mission-Critical Communications From complex wide-area communications and information systems to a small enterprise ­ our opportunities are broad and deep. They include solutions for: Public Safety Police, Fire, Emergency Medical Services Government Municipal Services, National Ministries, Federal Agencies, Military Utilities Gas, Water, Electric, Telephone Transportation Airlines, Transit, Railroad, Courier Manufacturing Automotive, Industrial, High-Tech, Aerospace Other Enterprise Construction, Petrochemical, Retail

The portfolio of solutions we offer our customers ranges from complex to simple .The Motorola PR400 two-way radio addresses the needs of small businesses. The Motorola MTH650 Dimetra system radio addresses the needs of customers implementing the TETRA standard.

We are the leading provider of digital two-way radio communications equipment worldwide.
That's more than 750 digital systems installed in more than 65 countries.
In your building In your company In your small business In your offi ce In your town In your nation In your world

Motorola's innovative software applications in a centralized 311/Customer Service Request System help the City of Chicago deliver services efficiently to its residents.

6

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

Opportunity: Meeting and Exceeding the Standard Motorola is the only provider delivering communications and information systems compliant with both industry digital standards, TETRA and Project 25

Connect To Protect
Motorola is a leader in providing hometown and homeland security communications solutions. In Phoenix and Mesa, Arizona, Motorola is implementing a regional, multi-agency Project 25 digital communications system, providing interoperability for government agencies to communicate effectively in emergencies. According to the United States Department of Homeland Security, new or upgraded systems should be compatible with the Project 25 standard.

This is Hong Kong ...over and out!
In 2003, the Hong Kong Police Department awarded Motorola the prime contract in a multi-vendor, integrated command-and-control communications solution, including a nine-year maintenance agreement. This digital system, built on the TETRA standard, includes innovative mobile computing and vehicle location capabilities.

Let the games begin
Motorola* was selected to provide the secure two-way radio communications system for use during Athens' 2004 Olympic Games. The system will be used after the Games by Greek police, fire brigade, ambulance and coast guard services.
*Working with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) and Siemens

Motorola at the Olympics: Olympics Munich 1972 Los Angeles 1984 Sarajevo 1984 Calgary 1988 Lillehammer 1994 Atlanta 1996 Sydney 2000 Salt Lake City 2002 Athens 2004

Digital Justice!
Motorola's Integrated Digital Justice Solution in Henderson, Nevada provides interoperability among the city's databases, software applications and wireless devices, including: nd s ki of it Computer-aided dispatch fir s t m eric a n e h A T tio or th r ma s haring in N e s info Records & Corrections management and bl ion 's t ena a n it y rdi . coo g the c Automated finger/palmprint identification ents n r tm amo s d epa u o Livescan and mugshot technologies va r i ve d . e ser
Justi c

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

7

Opportunity: Everywhere 349 173 106 77 47 40

Worldwide!

million million million million million million

TV TV TV TV TV TV

households households households households households households

in in in in in in

China Western Europe U.S.A. India Japan Brazil

source: IMS RESEARCH, 2003

Everywhere It's in your home, in every room. It's on your television. It's in your telephone. It's digital. It's broadband... and Motorola's in everything broadband. It's happening. Right now.

It's the 21st century. It's time to live like it. Our Wireless Home Networking solutions do exactly that, keeping people informed, connected and entertained...
leveraging the power of the broadband pipe in the home + office.

The Motorola MS1000 Media Station platform enables consumers to build an advanced broadband network inside the home, complete with file sharing, digital music and media streaming along with the ability to run additional applications offered by a broadband service provider.

Motorola Home Monitoring and Control Our portfolio of advanced broadband applications enable people to stay connected to their homes even when they're away. Remotely monitor security, control heating, cooling and lighting through any Web browser. The Motorola HM1000 Home Monitoring and Control System provides everything you need, including software and wireless camera.

Amazing. And amazingly easy.

8

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

Opportunity: HDTV Worldwide HDTV shipments in 2003: 8 million Worldwide HDTV shipments in 2007: 27 million
source: IMS RESEARCH, 2003

projected

The first specification for HDTV in 1990 The first commercial deployment of digital cable in 1996 The first digital set-top to integrate HD and DVR in 2003

We developed and delivered the first system on which today's broadband industry is built.
Now Motorola is: Number One in digital set-top shipments Number One in cable modem shipments Number One in digital headend/encoders
Video on demand, HDTV and more = MOTOROLA

the connected home

High Definition is changing how we see TV. Experience the crispest picture and clearest sound available today with the Motorola DCT6208 High-Definition Cable Receiver. Be ready for the advanced interactive features of tomorrow's HDTV.

WiFi is Surging!

22.7 million WiFi NIC cards and access points rolled out last year, an astounding increase of 215% versus 2002's 7.2 million units shipped.
source: IN-STAT/ MDR

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

9

Opportunity: Automotive The automotive electronics industry is growing at a rate triple that of the automotive industry itself.
source: Motorola Business Intelligence

BMW

General Motors

Our electronics are found in automotive brands including: Land

Rover

SAIC Chery Tianjin Automotive Wuling

What we make in the automotive market : telematics systems engine control units braking system sensors global positioning systems powertrain electronics tire pressure sensors interior electronics transmission controls
and the list goes on...

The automotive electronics market continues to grow and Motorola is an industry leader.
Our technology makes your time on the road safer + smarter. Every day!

Other things we do: Driving directions Cool, Calm and Connected Navigation Remote diagnostics Remote door unlock Entertainment Concierge Hands-free calling Vehicle theft tracking Emergency assistance Smart, Safe and Secure Airbag deployment notification Autonomous cruise control Side-object detection Lane departure warning Lane change support Vehicle workload manager

Telematics 66 models and millions of subscribers enabled by Motorola

10 Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

Opportunity: Leveraging Our Lead As a leading global semiconductor company we provide embedded processing and connectivity products to large markets, such as the automotive, networking and wireless communications industries.
In essence, our processors add the smarts to: telecom networks internet routers cellular phones digital cameras mobile games personal digital assistants antilock braking systems airbag sensors
and thousands more...

Mobile

Reliable

In essence, our processors add the smarts to: telecom networks Internet routers mobile phones mobile games personal digital assistants factory & home automation antilock braking systems airbag sensors
and thousands more...

Global

Invisible

taking future further

Motorola is the market leader in embedded computer systems for the communications industry.
source: Venture Development Corporation, 2004

Micro

Agile

We believe we have shipped more embedded processors than any other company w o r l d wi d e .
#1 global market share in semiconductors for automotive applications
according to Strategy Analytics

in communications processors
according to International Data Corporation (IDC)

in radio frequency power products
according to Allied Business Intelligence

for cellular base station markets.

Pioneered Magnetoresistive Random Access Memory (MRAM) Copper interconnect Silicon-on-insulator Silicon germanium carbon
We make wireless smart. Our i.MX family of application processors make the communication devices of tomorrow a reality today. More than 50 million shipped...wow!

Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

11

Directors Standing for Election to the Motorola, Inc. Board of Directors

Edward J. Zander Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Motorola, Inc. H. Laurance Fuller Retired; formerly Co-Chairman, BP Amoco, p.l.c. Judy C. Lewent Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, and President, Human Health Asia, Merck & Co., Inc. Walter E. Massey President, Morehouse College Nicholas Negroponte Chairman of Media Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Indra Nooyi President and Chief Financial Officer, PepsiCo, Inc. John E. Pepper, Jr. Vice President, Finance and Administration,Yale University; Retired Chairman & CEO, Procter & Gamble Company Samuel C. Scott, III Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Corn Products International Douglas A. Warner, III Retired; formerly Chairman of the Board, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. Dr. John A. White Chancellor, University of Arkansas Mike S. Zafirovski President and Chief Operating Officer, Motorola, Inc.

Intelligence Everywhere . It's a promise. it's our mission.
TM Not to sound too dramatic ,

Now is our time. We will leverage the power of a revitalized brand, terrific talent, a rekindled spirit of innovation and extraordinary execution to delight customers across the globe. As we have tried to illustrate in this report, our skills,
our strategies and our technologies align remarkably with where the world is going.

In 2004, you will feel energy and urgency as never before from me and every single member of the Motorola team.
Edward J. Zander Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Offi cer Motorola, Inc.

12 Motorola, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

