March 2007

Dear fellow stockholders, 2006 was a year of progress and challenges for Motorola. It was a year in which we achieved new highs in sales and shipments and added substantial talent and intellectual property. However, while our Networks & Enterprise and Connected Home Solutions businesses —nished 2006 strong, we were disappointed that our Mobile Devices business did not meet expectations in the latter half of the year. We remain con—dent in our vision of seamless mobility ” building simple and seamless connections to people, information, and entertainment ” and the opportunity it brings to our business. As we focus on pro—table growth and more selective pursuit of market share, we will continue to make investments for the future of Motorola. 2006 Ã Overview In 2006, sales grew 22% to a record $42.9 billion ” the third consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth. Net earnings were $3.7 billion, or 8.5% of sales. We generated operating cash ÷ow of $3.5 billion, and maintained a strong balance sheet. We shipped a record 217 million handsets, had a record year in public safety, and a record year in digital entertainment devices. Additionally last year, we: , Shipped our 75 millionth MOTORAZRTM and our 50 millionth digital video set-top. , Launched ÷agship stores and retail outlets throughout Asia, Latin America and parts of Europe, including more than 150 in China. , Sharpened our focus on our core markets by divesting our automotive electronics business and merging our networks and public safety businesses. , Increased brand value by 18% according to an Interbrand survey. We completed a $4 billion common stock repurchase program and authorized another program to repurchase an additional $4.5 billion. We increased our dividend by 25%, and have now paid our shareholders a dividend for 239 consecutive quarters. We continue to operate ethically and support critical community needs. This past October, more than 9,000 employees in 75 cities in 40 countries gave their time, talent and energy to their communities during our —rst Global Day of Service. Investing for the Future In 2006, we made several investments that will drive future growth for this company: Wireless Broadband ” As a leading proponent of the mobile Internet, Motorola is well-positioned to capitalize on the potential of WiMAX, the next generation wireless broadband technology.
continued ”

We're pleased to be engaged in over 20 trials globally with this advanced solution, and to have invested in leading technologies: , Motorola Ventures invested $300 million in Clearwire, a high-speed wireless broadband services provider. , NextNet Wireless adds leading non-line-of-sight wireless broadband infrastructure equipment to our portfolio. Enterprise Mobility ” We are focused on extending mobility beyond the traditional o«ce environment ” out into the —eld, in the factory, at retail locations and across the supply chain. Our two recent acquisitions enable us to take a leadership position in this growing opportunity. , Symbol Technologies joined Motorola in January 2007 in the second-largest acquisition in our history. Symbol is an innovator whose world-class product portfolio, intellectual property and vertical market expertise strengthens our presence in the burgeoning enterprise mobility market. , Good Technology joined Motorola in January 2007 and extends our mobile computing capabilities and enterprise client base through wireless messaging, data access and handheld security o≈erings. Internet Protocol TV (IPTV) ” We are an early leader in the emerging opportunity for products for providers of IP-based video entertainment, having already shipped close to 1 million set-tops worldwide. We have also invested in key technologies that will bring our leading video delivery expertise to this area. , Kreatel AG gives us IP set-tops with features and functions that address the needs of telecom service providers worldwide. , Netopia, Inc. extends our home gateway portfolio with products and technologies that deliver triple-play services to virtually any connected device in the home. , Broadbus Technologies brings new capabilities that address the emerging content-on-demand marketplace. Today, Motorola serves the right markets with the right assets, brand, and intellectual property. Yet these markets are highly competitive and subject to rapid change. We are committed to meeting the challenges ahead, making the right investments, and executing more consistently while increasing our pro—tability and shareholder value.

Ed Zander Chairman and CEO Motorola, Inc.

