o our stockholders and other friends Motorola's growth in sales and earnings in 1994 continued well above the company's historic growth rate. It was a year in which we saw more clearly the enormous and exciting opportunities for our entire range of communications and electronic products and services. The world is opening up in ways that virtually no one fully anticipated a few years ago. Indeed, 1994 was a year of new challenges in meeting the needs of customers throughout the world. Motorola continues to invest in the future to anticipate those needs and to strengthen its global leadership. At Motorola, we are building on the skills of our people and our growing portfolio of technologies to create the platforms upon which whole new global industries will be born. In doing so, we draw on the creativity and wealth of experience of our people in all cultures. This 1994 Annual Report shows how these platforms are changing the lives of people everywhere. As stockholders, you have invested in a company that is committed to being the most competitive in the world as it serves some of the fastest-growing markets in the world. Financial Results Sales and earnings again set records, with all three of Motorola's major business segments contributing to the continuing growth. Sales increased 31 % to $22.2 billion from $17.0 billion in 1993. Earnings were $1.56 billion, compared with
Gary L. Tooker

$1.02 billion a year earlier. Fully diluted earnings per share were $2.65, up 49% from $1.78 in 1993. Net margin on sales was 7.0% for the full year 1994 compared with 6.0% a year ago. Detailed operating and financial results of our various businesses in 1994 appear on pages 20-43. Stock Split, Dividend Increases Earnings per share in 1993 are restated for a two-for-one stock split on April 18,1994. An increased quarterly dividend was declared twice during the year. The latest increase, to 10 cents per share from 7 cents, was payable Jan. 16,1995.

Board of Directors H. Laurance Fuller, chairman, president and CEO of Amoco Corp., and John E. Pepper, Jr., president of Procter & Gamble Co., were elected to Motorola's Board of Directors. Erich Bloch and Wallace C. Doud, having reached regular retirement age, will not be standing for reelection in May of 1995. The Future Motorola is enjoying the benefits of the expansion of wireless communications into consumer markets, as well as a worldwide increase in capital investment and the significant expansion of telecommunications infrastructure in emerging nations in Asia and throughout the world. Our customers look to us for the tools for improving productivity. We believe global growth in capital spending should outpace the overall rate of economic growth in 1995. Asia should remain the fastest-growing region in the world. The economic expansion in Europe and Japan is likely to accelerate. The rate of real economic growth in Latin America also should continue. We expect the growth rate of the U.S. economy to slow, although the export outlook continues to be positive, especially for capital equipment. We see continued growth in the communications, semiconductor and computing sectors. Motorola also should benefit from strength in the automotive industry, where the electronic content of vehicles continues to increase. Like our customers, we at Motorola are investing in enhancing the skills of our people
Christopher B. Galvin

and in the tools of productivity as we strive to meet increasing demand in a period of exciting worldwide growth. Total customer satisfaction remains our fundamental objective, and our quality and total cycle-time reduction initiatives remain the key elements in achieving superior financial results. We thank you for your continued interest in our company and your confidence in our efforts on your behalf.
Gary L. Tooker Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Christopher B. Galvin President and Chief Operating Officer

