    TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER FRIENDS
  This year’s annual report introduces a new Motorola that is a very exciting place for investors. We are strategically focused on harnessing the power of wireless, broadband and the Internet to deliver end-to- end network, embedded and chip-based solutions for the individual, the workteam, the vehicle and the home. Our investments in these rapidly growing global industry segments are designed to create substantial value for our stockholders. We made notable progress in 1999, although the change process is still in its early stages, and much remains to be done.
This new Motorola is grounded in some enduring principles and solid fundamentals. In our 1998 annual report we articulated clear business and financial objectives: • Attain global lead- ership in our core businesses • Provide total solutions through alliances • Develop new platforms for future leadership • Achieve performance excellence. How have we done?
GLOBAL LEADERSHIP IN CORE BUSINESSES Creating value for stockholders begins with achieving global leadership in our core businesses. The first is end-to-end networked com- munications solutions. In its first year of existence, the Communications Enterprise, which aligns all of Motorola’s communications businesses, has made significant progress. It shifted from product to market-focused organizations, and put customers first. It hired outside leadership talent for key positions, and reassigned thousands of engineers to higher-growth businesses. It delivered new digital phones, as promised, and improved network stability. Digital wireless telephone unit sales increased 85% in 1999. It unlocked capabilities through key alliances, and by working as one team. It began redesigning core business processes, and reduced costs through adjustments in its business portfolio.
The second of our core competencies is providing embedded electronic solutions. During 1999, we sold our Semiconductor Components Group to focus on our four key embedded
  MOTOROLA, INC.
 16
  
   chip markets. After a difficult 1998, the Semiconductor Products Sector completed its restructuring, achieved nearly a $1 billion reduction in its breakeven point, and returned to profitability. Our Integrated Electronic Systems Sector, which repositioned itself around embedded systems, recorded improved results. The sector sold its non-semiconductor com- ponents group and now focuses on systems solutions in the automotive, communications and computer markets. The Telematics Communications Group had significantly higher sales.
TOTAL SOLUTIONS THROUGH ALLIANCES A second objective to create value is to provide total solutions for our customers by forming alliances. Many of these key alliances are enabling Motorola to bring the Internet new life by bringing it to wireless, as discussed on pages 3-4. The Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) standardizes the way a wireless telephone accesses and displays Internet content. Motorola led the development of the WAP Forum, which is now backed by more than 175 of the world’s leading telecommunications and software companies.
Our merger with General Instrument Corporation integrates the essential broadband technologies we need to bring the vast potential of converged video, voice and data net- working into the home, as discussed on pages 11-12. The merger, valued at approximately $17 billion, was completed January 5, 2000. Through the merger, Motorola also acquired majority ownership of Next Level Communications, Inc., which provides broadband systems based on digital subscriber line (DSL) technology.
With the formation of SpectraPoint Wireless, Motorola, in alliance with Cisco Systems, entered the market for broadband access through Local Multipoint Distribution Service (LMDS), which uses point-to-point microwave systems.
PLATFORMS FOR FUTURE LEADERSHIP A third objective to create value for stockholders is developing new platforms for future growth. This means building open extensible architec- tures upon which other companies can build and add value. These range from the platforms such as AspiraTM that make us a central player in third-generation wireless systems to the
  17
 MOTOROLA, INC.
   
     Christopher B. Galvin,
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (right)
Robert L. Growney,
President and
Chief Operating Officer (left)
 DigitalDNATM platforms designed to make us leaders in the embedded electronics market- place. These include the M•CORETM family of low-power, low-cost processors; the PowerPCTM architecture used in more than 1,000 designs for networking, telecom, automotive and industrial control as well as desktop applications, and the StarCoreTM digital signal pro- cessing alliance with Lucent Technologies.
PERFORMANCE EXCELLENCE Our fourth objective for creating value is performance excellence. We improved our performance during 1999, both in terms of service to our customers and in financial results. These results, however, are well short of our goals, and the year 2000 will be one of renewed emphasis on comprehensive core process improvements and rigor- ous focus on the Performance Excellence System.
Sales in 1999 rose 5% to $30.9 billion from $29.4 billion in 1998. Full-year earnings, excluding special items, were $1.3 billion, or $2.08 per share, compared with $347 million, or 58 cents per share, a year earlier. Including special items, earnings were $817 million, or $1.31 per share, compared with a loss of $1.0 billion, or $1.61 per share, in 1998. Several Motorola businesses have been sold since the beginning of 1998. Sales from ongoing operations in 1999 rose 9% to $30.0 billion from $27.6 billion in 1998.
  MOTOROLA, INC.
 18
    
   Our objective is to consistently achieve attractive financial returns by selecting and invest- ing in a forward-looking business portfolio that provides self-funding revenue growth potential of 15% or more over the long run. We intend to do this with a strong balance sheet, which gives us operational and financial flexibility. We have made progress. For example, our net debt/net debt plus equity ratio improved to 10.1% in 1999 from 26.8% in 1998. Detailed financial results appear in the 2000 Proxy Statement, which is on our website at www.motorola.com.
Performance Excellence is resulting in significant changes in the way Motorola does busi- ness. We have challenged the orthodoxies and dogmas of the past. We replaced the isolated product teams with broad architectures and platform approaches to creating end- to-end solutions. The business-unit focus has evolved into a market focus and a consumer focus. Performance Excellence balances our traditional emphasis on financial results with measures of customer and employee satisfaction, market share and other dynamic indica- tors. They range from strategic planning, customer and market focus and human resources to process management and business results. The criteria are used to assess every busi- ness, identify gaps and fix problems. Management compensation is tied to results.
THE FUTURE As we begin a new century, we are confident that we can continue to improve on our ability to reach the objectives that create value at an attractive rate for our stock- holders. We intend to build on what we have done best since the founding of the corporation – linking people’s dreams with technology’s promise. We intend to listen even more attentively to those dreams and respond even more creatively. We intend to differentiate, simplify and rein- vent industries made possible by technology’s promise. We intend to extend human capabilities as we harness the power of wireless, broadband and the Internet to deliver end-to-end network, embedded and chip-based solutions for the individual, the workteam, the vehicle and the home.
Christopher B. Galvin Robert L. Growney
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
    19
 MOTOROLA, INC.
   