To Our Stockholders and Other Friends
The year 1997 was one of significant renewal for Motorola – one that included management changes, a return to growth in profits, the departure from certain
nonstrategic businesses and the beginning of industries such as low-earth-orbit satellite manufacturing.
Sales in 1997 rose 7% to $29.8 billion from $28.0 billion in 1996. Earnings were $1.18 billion, or $1.94 per share (diluted), up from $1.15 billion or $1.90 per share, in 1996. Detailed results appear
in the 1998 Proxy Statement, as well as
on the Internet at www.motorola.com.
It was a year of renewed growth in
the Cellular Products and Semiconductor
Products segments and continued strong
growth in the Land Mobile Products segment. The Messaging, Information and Media segment had lower sales and operating profits, reflecting weakness in the paging industry in the Unites States and in Asia, as well as a charge related to the planned exit from the retail analog modem business. Motorola also had charges relating to its exit from the dynamic random access memory and MacOS® com- patible computer businesses.
   Christopher B. Galvin Chief Executive Officer
Robert L. Growney
President and Chief Operating Officer
 MOTOROLA 1

Since the birth of the corporation, Motorolans have taken risks to create new industries, while practicing financial discipline
to benefit long-term stockholders.
Discipline in a dynamic world
Motorola takes significant risk in developing new technology, starting new industries and segments, and opening new regions and markets. But Motorola takes very little balance sheet risk. Throughout its history, Motorola has phased out businesses with limited potential to focus on new technologies and new markets throughout the world. We have been involved in the creation of each
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER FRIENDS
 of the major industries in which we compete today. This growth strategy requires significant long-term investment. Research and development expenses rose to $2.748 billion in 1997.
Despite the risks involved in expanding into new markets and technologies, Motorola’s balance sheet remains strong. The ratio of net debt to
  2 MOTOROLA
$2,748 $1,521
    Research and Development spend- ing has climbed steadily in the last five years.
net debt plus equity declined to 12.4% at the end of 1997 from 13.4% a year ago.
    
 The rotation of presidents among Motorola’s sectors and regions continued in 1997, following the management succession plan under which Gary L. Tooker was elected Chairman of the Board. Members of the Board of Directors and the Management Board are listed on page 24.
We are still facing challenges in 1998, as we expect the economic conditions in
 Thin and light, yet with bright images and vibrant colors, Field Emission Displays will enable a new generation of electronic products.
   certain markets in Asia that affected results in the fourth quarter of 1997 to continue for at least the first half of 1998. We will continue to control costs, but we will also continue our global investments where appropriate, as well as our strategic investments in technol- ogy. We remain confident that Motorola is building the foundation for continued profitable growth in the years to come.
Motorola’s strong balance sheet is reflected by a credit rating of AA from Standard & Poor’s and Aa3 from Moody’s Investors Service.
 MOTOROLA 3
  Motorola, Inc.
Moody’s: Aa3 S&P: AA

TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER FRIENDS
Building and investing in core technologies
We continue to see exciting potential in extensions of our core technologies. Despite dramatic growth, the worldwide market penetration for cellular tele- phones and pagers is still only about 3% for each. In 1997 we introduced a broad line of advanced cellular handsets in major digital formats. We have more than 80 Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) infrastructure contracts
 worldwide and have launched 38 Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA) systems. Our Wireless Local Loop systems often act as the primary phone
system in emerging markets.
We shipped our 20 millionth pager based on our FLEXTM high-
capacity messaging protocol, which is rapidly emerging as a global standard. The technology has enabled the extension of basic one-way
    4 MOTOROLA
JAZZ,TM Motorola’s smallest word message pager, measures 2.39” x 1.5” x .66” (60.8 x 38 x 16.8mm) and delivers complete text messages.
   
 paging into two-way and voice messaging. Paging penetration rates in some of the world’s most populous emerging markets are still less than 1%.
Integrated digital wireless communications for workgroups on the move represent the leading edge of our core two-way radio business. These iDEN® systems can combine mobile tele-
phone, conferencing, text messaging and data in a single unit. Other advanced
The iDEN ® i600 digital handset enables a user to hold a conference call at the push of a button.
Motorola’s StarTAC ® cellular phones incor- porate breakthrough technologies from design through manu- facturing, enabling people to stay in touch anywhere, anytime.
 two-way radio systems continue to serve public safety agencies and industries such as oil refineries and power generation.
We continue to build on our core strength in space commu-
nications. For almost 40 years, Motorola equipment has maintained
a vital link between space-bound explorers and their earth-bound counterparts. The Mars Pathfinder is the latest in a long list of such programs.
  A Motorola tran- sponder aboard the Pathfinder space- craft sends scientific data from Mars
to Earth.
 MOTOROLA 5
   
As prime contractor
for the IRIDIUM ® global communication system, Motorola cre- ated the low-earth-orbit satellite industry and set a record for the number of satellites deployed in an eight- month period.
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER FRIENDS
Creating new industries and segments
With the development of the IRIDIUM® global personal communications system, Motorola has created a new industry – manufacturing and deploying 46 Low-Earth- Orbit (LEO) satellites in just eight months. Building on our systems design and inte- grated manufacturing techniques, we are able to produce a satellite in less than 25 days, at a cost 80% less than that of previous generations of satellites.
 The IRIDIUM® system is scheduled to begin commercial service later in 1998. The digital communications system of 66 LEO satellites is to provide subscribers with worldwide voice, data, fax and paging capability
using a hand-held phone and pager. It sets the stage for future generations of systems that could deliver services such as desk- top videoconferencing, broadcast news and entertainment.
   6 MOTOROLA
The Cable Router, which resides at the cable operator’s headend, manages up to 5,000 CyberSURFR ® cable modems.
    
Building on the integration of cellular telephone and satellite technologies, Motorola is creating products for telematics, designed to provide security, information, convenience and entertainment from a central service center to drivers and their passengers.
Our technology also is leading the way to the creation of telephone systems over hybrid fiber coaxial cable. During 1997 we also shipped infrastructure to support over
  This telephone is used in a telematics system that gives drivers access to security and infor- mation services.
   2 million cable modems in more than 100 cities on five continents. Our new Smartcard Systems Business is developing solutions
for industries ranging from transit to finance. Our entrance into
this market, coupled with our 1993 acquisition of Indala Corp., a
provider of security and access control systems, paves the way for Motorola to participate actively in the growing smart card industry.
 Motorola intends
to make smart cards a universal conven- ience that will change the way we work, live and play.
 MOTOROLA 7
   
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER FRIENDS
Market-driven organizational strength
The rotation of leadership among Motorola’s major businesses is positioning the company for competing in the next quarter century. For example, during 1997 the Semiconductor Products Sector began charting a new direction to better meet the changing needs of customers by providing total system solutions. Drawing on
its broad range of technologies, the sector has aligned its businesses closer to
 customers. The realignment reflects the sector’s global nature, with major groups headquartered in Europe, Asia and the United States.
The new organization includes four market-focused groups and a Semiconductor Components Group. The Consumer Systems Group covers the technology found in products ranging from games and digital cameras to computer printers, smart cards and
  The Motorola MPX2700AS Pressure Sensor pro- vides speed control for Polaris personal watercraft.
 8 MOTOROLA
   
 high-definition television. The Transportation Systems Group focuses on automotive applications from engine and power train control to digital sound systems. The EV1 electric vehicle from
General Motors contains more than 700 Motorola semiconductors. The Wireless Subscriber Systems Group is driving Motorola’s digital signal processing architecture. The move from analog to digital technologies will more
Motorola invests in the most advanced semiconductor wafer fabrication and assem- bly facilities in the world. Customers are designing Motorola embedded chips into products ranging
from automobiles to computer printers.
 The MMAS40GWB is Motorola’s premier accelerometer sensor for automotive and industrial uses.
 than triple the amount of silicon used in wireless devices such as cellular telephones. Other markets served include devices that tap into a data source such as the Internet. The Networking and Computing Systems Group creates the embedded silicon technol- ogy that is used by most major switch manufacturers. Most of the routers running the Internet use Motorola processors.
 The PowerPC 750 TM microprocessor was named “Editor’s Choice Best RISC Processor” for 1997 by Microprocessor Report.
 MOTOROLA 9
      
Motorola’s global pres- ence enables it to create products designed for the specific needs of customers in all parts of the world.
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER FRIENDS
 Regionalization
You can find Motorola people in more than 1,100 locations in 45 countries today. We have more than 65 manufacturing facilities worldwide, and we are opening more and more research and development centers close to the customers we serve throughout the world. To enhance our ability to seize global opportunities, we made a series of changes in our regional and staff structure in 1997.
   The new Americas Region reflects the growing importance of Latin America, where Motorola’s sales have increased rapidly. The region is benefiting from improved governmental stability and a trend toward privatization. It is estimated that half of the region’s 490 million people have never used a phone. We added
new facilities in Brazil and Mexico during 1997, and we are expanding our pres- ence throughout the region.
                                     Motorola’s most rapid growth is taking place in Latin America, part of the Americas Region.
 10 MOTOROLA
 M
A
E
I
C
E
A
H
S
T
•
•
N
R
O
I
R
E
G

Another of our regional organizations includes Europe,
the Middle East and Africa. We have had a manufacturing presence in Western Europe for 30 years, and today, we are penetrating new markets in Central and Eastern Europe, as well as the Middle East and Africa, where demand for wireless
communications continues to grow.
   Official Supplier Partner
 As Official Supplier Partner to the Union of European Football Associa- tions, Motorola is providing advanced communications technology.
   We also continue to see long-term growth poten-
tial in Asia, although current conditions in certain markets are
reducing the rate of sales growth. Our manufacturing presence in
Asia should help lessen the impact of expected lower economic growth and greater pricing pressures. India continues to represent a major opportunity for growth.
 Nippon Motorola Ltd.
 MOTOROLA 11
   
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER FRIENDS
Connecting with the consumer
Over the years, Motorola has earned a reputation among its customers as a com- pany whose quality products enable them to solve problems and do the things they want to do. Today, as our products move more and more into the consumer arena, we are working very hard to build equity in the Motorola name and identity, espe- cially in parts of the world where people are not as familiar with the company.
  12 MOTOROLA
The TalkAbout TM two-way radio is
a winner of four industry awards including Popular Science magazine’s “Best of What’s New.”
We know that we cannot succeed unless we commit ourselves to excellence in marketing throughout the world. This involves getting
into a dialog with the people who use our products to better under- stand how Motorola improves people’s lives. We are developing the marketing strategies that can make us the most competitive provider of products and services to consumers.
     
Motorola enables consumers to improve the way they live and work in ways they never expected. We give people freedom,
mobility and convenience. In doing so, we are building the tools
that people need for success in the next century. We provide access to information, and we develop products that help people lead safer and healthier lives, wherever they are, anywhere in the world.
 The Wordline
FLX TM word message pager brings full- word messaging and information updates.
Drawing on creative resources throughout the world, Motorola is enhancing brand awareness through print, television and point-of-purchase display.
  We are confident that throughout Motorola, this spirit of renewal and refounding to focus on our customers will create a more dynamic enter-
prise that will increase value to stockholders over the long term.
For the Management Board,
Christopher B. Galvin
Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
The StarTAC ® wearable cellular telephone has become one of the most pre- ferred cellular phones on the market.
  Robert L. Growney
 MOTOROLA 13
    