The year 2000 saw a continuation of M&T Bank Corporation’s pattern
of posting double-digit growth in diluted cash earnings per share.
After factoring in the over 17 million shares of common stock and equivalents
added in connection with the merger with Keystone Financial, Inc. (Keystone)
on October 6 of last year, diluted cash earnings per share tallied $4.31 in 2000,
a rise of 12% from $3.84 in 1999. For purposes of meaningful comparison,
earnings per share for both years, and indeed for all years presented in this
report, are stated to reflect last year’s ten-for-one split of M&T’s common stock
as if a ten-fold increase in diluted shares outstanding had occurred in each year.
As a result, the cited per share calculations were based on 83.2 million diluted
shares in 2000 and 80.9 million in 1999.
In dollar total, cash net income rose to $358.6 million last year, an
increase of 15% from $311.0 million in 1999.
The results for both years exclude the after-tax impact of nonrecurring
merger-related expenses and the noncash charges associated with amortization
of goodwill and core deposit intangible resulting from M&T’s use of the
purchase method of accounting for acquisitions. After tax effect, merger-related
expenses in 2000 totaled $16.4 million, or 20 cents per diluted share. In 1999,
similar expenses amounted after tax effect to $3.0 million, or 3 cents per
diluted share. Noncash charges for amortization of goodwill and core deposit
intangible, also net of tax consequences, were $56.1 million in 2000 and
$42.4 million in l999. On a per share basis, these amortization charges equaled
67 cents and 53 cents, respectively.
Cash net income in 2000, excluding merger-related expenses, produced a
rate of return on average tangible assets of 1.56% and a return on average
tangible stockholders’
equity of 27.65%. Both ratios were improved from
1999’s 1.52% return on average tangible assets and 26.71% on average tangible
stockholders’equity.
As a result of our use of the purchase method of accounting for our
merger with Keystone, as with previous acquisitions, cash earnings per share
and cash net income differ from those determined using generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP), which prescribe that nonrecurring merger-
related expenses and noncash charges for amortization of goodwill and core
deposit intangible be included in the measurement of net income. In 2000,
M&T’s GAAP-basis diluted earnings per share were $3.44, an improvement of
of
5% from $3.28 in 1999. Similarly determined, net income was $286.2 million
last year. That was 8% above 1999’s $265.6 million.
The GAAP-basis return on average total assets was 1.21% in 2000 and
1.26% in 1999. It was 14.07% on average stockholders’
equity in 2000 and
15.30% in 1999.
We have long believed that earnings calculated on a cash basis represent a
relevant measure of operating results which captures performance exclusive of
differences linked merely to our use of the purchase rather than the pooling
method of accounting. We note with interest that the Financial Accounting
Standards Board has proposed rules changes under which goodwill would no
longer be amortized, potentially leading, in effect, to a convergence of cash and
GAAP earnings calculations.
The merger with Keystone added $7.4 billion of assets to our balance
sheet, including $4.8 billion of loans, and $6.4 billion of liabilities, including
$5.2 billion of deposits in 187 branch offices. Shares of common stock and
common stock equivalents issued to complete the merger enlarged M&T’s
stockholders’
equity by $664 million. In the aggregate, Keystone shareholders
also received $375 million in cash making the total price tag $1.04 billion.
At December 31, 2000, M&T had total assets of $28.9 billion, an
increase of $6.5 billion, or 29% from a year earlier. Deposits added up to
$20.2 billion at the year’s end, an increase of 32% from the end of 1999.
Stockholders’
equity stood at $2.7 billion, or $28.93 per share. It had been
$1.8 billion, or $23.24 per share, at the end of 1999.
Last year’s operating performance can be attributed, in part, to the
following factors:
a 13% rise in average earning assets that produced a like increase in taxable-
equivalent net interest income,
favorable, albeit likely unsustainable, loan loss experience,
successful integration of our 1999 and 2000 acquisitions (the latter year’s
still being a work in progress), and
careful attention to holding the line on operating expenses.
Taxable-equivalent net interest income in 2000 rose to $864.7 million,
13% higher than 1999’s $767.1 million. The improvement in this largest
ingredient in net income stemmed from 13% growth in average total earning
assets to $21.5 billion from the 1999 average of $19.1 billion. Added loan
volume, arising nearly equally from day-to-day business activities as from
acquisition impact, was the leading element in earning assets growth. The
average loan amount outstanding, net of unearned discount, was $18.5 billion
in 2000, a rise of 13% from $16.4 billion in the previous year. The Keystone
acquisition added nearly $1.2 billion to the 2000 average total (the fourth
quarter share of $4.8 billion). The remaining increase, produced largely by our
loan origination activities and net of customer repayments during the year, was
damped by our decision to securitize in 2000’s second quarter some $1 billion
of residential mortgage loans. As a result, the underlying loans, now in another
form, were moved to our investment securities portfolio.
The upwardly trending interest rate environment in 2000 contributed to
a 51 basis point (hundredths of one percent) rise in the average yield on total
earning assets to 8.30%. The average yield in 1999 was 7.79%. The impact on
the rate we paid on total interest-bearing liabilities was modestly larger. That
rate increased 60 basis points to 4.91% in 2000 from 4.31% in 1999. The net
effect was a 9 basis point lowering of the net interest spread to 3.39% last year
from 3.48% in 1999. The rising interest-rate environment, however, added to
the value we ascribe to interest-free funds. As a result, the net interest margin,
the ratio of taxable-equivalent net interest income to average total earning
assets, at 4.02% was unchanged between the years.
In 2000, net charge-offs of loans, that is, the amount by which loans
charged off exceeded amounts that we recovered from loans previously
charged-off, declined both in dollar terms and when expressed as a percentage
of average total loans. In 2000, net charge-offs were $29.0 million, or about
one-sixth of one percent of average total loans outstanding. In 1999, they were
$40.3 million or one quarter of one percent. Notwithstanding this performance,
our ability to sustain the recent year’s relative level of charge-offs cannot be
assumed. At the end of the past year, alarms began to sound about a slowing,
even stalled, economy and its impact on borrowers’
abilities to repay loans.
Historically, by the time such warnings are issued, problems in loan portfolios
are likely to exist already.
In 2000 we recorded a $38.0 million provision for credit losses, or
$9.0 million more than net charge-offs. That excess, when coupled with the
$49.5 million allowance that accompanied the Keystone loans we obtained,
produced an allowance for credit losses at the 2000 year-end of $374.7 million,
equal to 1.65% of outstanding loans. A year earlier the allowance stood at
$316.2 million, or 1.82%.
Including some $43 million of loans obtained in the merger with
Keystone, nonperforming loans rose to $110.6 million at December 31, 2000.
At the prior year end, such loans totaled $72.2 million. As a percentage of total
loans outstanding, nonperforming loans were .49 and .41 percent at the end of
2000 and 1999, respectively. Loans past due ninety days or more but on which
we still accrue interest jumped to $141.8 million at the recent year-end, from
$31.0 million a year earlier. The increase was largely the consequence of
$87 million of residential mortgage loans we repurchased from the Government
National Mortgage Association in order to reduce the costs of servicing the
loans. The outstanding principal balance of these loans remains fully guaranteed
by federal government agencies.
About half of the increase in noninterest income to $324.7 million in
2000 from $282.4 million in 1999 can be attributed to providing services to
customers in market areas associated with the acquisitions we completed in the
last two years. These increased revenues were mostly associated with providing
deposit account, trust and brokerage services. We also realized a net pre-tax
gain of $9 million related to the disposition of leased assets by our leasing
businesses. This income from leasing activities reflects a $13.5 million gain
from the sale of equipment previously leased to a commercial customer and the
recognition of $4.5 million for expected losses associated with selling
automobiles and other vehicles presently leased to retail customers. The upward
trend of interest rates that began in 1999 and continued through most of 2000
was the main factor contributing to lower residential mortgage loan originations
and, by consequence, lower mortgage banking revenues. Such revenues fell 12
percent in 2000 to $63.2 million from $71.8 million in 1999.
Our experience in integrating acquired operations into M&T’s systems
while maintaining our high quality service standards remains good. The vast
majority of Keystone’s customer information has been moved onto our own data
processing systems, and timely, accurate customer service has been maintained.
As we anticipated, and as is always the case following a major business
acquisition, there is still work to be done in order to realize further operating
synergies and expense savings. Although expenses have risen along with our
increased scale of operations, our cash-basis efficiency ratio was little changed
in 2000. This measure of how much of our revenues were used to pay for our
operating expenses was 50.2%. In 1999, the ratio was slightly lower at 50.1%.
As a result of the acquisition of Keystone, that company’s former chairman,
president and chief executive officer Carl L. Campbell has been named a vice
chairman of both M&T Bank Corporation and M&T Bank. Mr. Campbell will
also serve as chairman of M&T Bank’s Pennsylvania division. He will be joined
by four of Keystone’s other former directors, Donald Devorris, Daniel R.
Hawbaker, Richard G. King and Stephen G. Sheetz. In addition, the remaining
members of the Keystone board have joined M&T Bank’s Directors Advisory
Councils in Pennsylvania.
In addition, T. Jefferson Cunningham III, former chairman and chief
executive officer of Premier National Bancorp, Inc.(Premier) has been named to
the boards of M&T Bank Corporation and M&T Bank. On February 9, 2001,
Premier was acquired by M&T for $340 million paid in a combination of stock
and cash. Premier formerly operated 34 branches in New York’s Hudson Valley
region. At December 31, 2000, it had assets of $1.6 billion and deposits of
$1.3 billion. Mr. Cunningham will, in addition, serve as chairman of M&T
Bank’s Directors Advisory Council for the Hudson Valley. Additional Premier
directors have also joined the Hudson Valley Advisory Council.
In the past year, Robert J. Bennett retired from his position as chairman
of the M&T board of directors, as well as retiring from his position as a vice
chairman of M&T Bank. Mr. Bennett remains a member of the boards of both
M&T and M&T Bank. In addition, Christine B. Whitman and Michael J. Falcone
resigned as directors of M&T and M&T Bank. We thank them for their service.
In recent years, these pages have frequently been dedicated to discussion of
the economy and governance of this company’s home region, including its
disproportionate tax burden and lagging economic growth. It’s a subject which
continues to be of the utmost importance to the stockholders, depositors and other
customers of M&T Bank. This past year has seen some modest grounds for optimism
in these regards. The problems of the upstate economy have been the specific
focus of new initiatives by New York Governor George Pataki working in concert
with the state’s legislators. Such problems were the subject of heated discussion
in last fall’s New York Senate campaign and have continued to be a priority of
New York Senator Charles Schumer as well. The fact that the political agenda
now includes high-level concern about the upstate economy is a welcome change.
What’s more, some economic bright spots have emerged among the
markets served by the company. Syracuse, in particular, saw job growth that
equaled or exceeded the U.S. average from mid-1999 through 2000. And
although that same measure of economic activity in Buffalo, our headquarters
city, continued to lag the national average, the past year has seen Erie County
taking the first halting steps in dealing with one of the area’s most fundamental
problems
–
the fact that taxes, overall, are simply too high and place western
New York at a competitive disadvantage. Some modest tax relief has been enacted.
Cooperation among jurisdictions, with the aim of delivering high-quality public
services at a lower price, is at least being seriously talked about. There is reason to
hope, based on census information, that our home region’s population loss has
bottomed out and that a rebound has begun. Economic growth inched upward,
although the fact that it still significantly trailed the national average shows that
much work still lies ahead. In light of the apparent national economic slowdown,
we can only hope that upstate New York will not prove to have joined in
prosperity too late and taken too few steps to ensure its continuation.
THE M&T STORY
The primary focus here, this year, however, will be internal: taking stock of the
company’s growth in recent years and some of the reasons for it. This reflection
is occasioned by the fact that the past year has been one in which growth has
been especially significant. The purchase of both Keystone and Premier have
increased our size by fully a third. These latest in a long series of mergers and
acquisitions
–
the 16th and 17th in which the company has been involved since
1987
–
have complemented the steady growth of our core lending and deposits.
In tandem with the organic growth of our core customer base, they have
enabled M&T to move from our status, in 1982, as the nation’s 133rd largest
publicly-held bank holding company, to our position today as the 29th largest,
as measured by total assets.
Not long ago we were only the fourth largest bank in the city of Buffalo,
as measured by deposits. We operated primarily in just two counties in western
New York state, with a population of 1.2 million. We provided banking services
to little more than 100,000 households. Our commercial loan portfolio was
less than $600 million and we did business with just 12 percent of upstate
New York firms.
Today, we are not only the largest bank in Buffalo, by deposit ranking,
but the largest in our core markets, an area comprising more than 80 counties
spread throughout New York, Pennsylvania and parts of Maryland and West
Virginia. By market capitalization, we are now the fourth-largest publicly-traded
bank holding company headquartered in New York state
–
including New York
City. Our deposits have grown, from 1982 through 2000, at a compound annual
rate of 15 percent, increasing from $1.57 billion to $20.2 billion. Our commercial
loan portfolio has grown from less than $600 million in 1982 to some
$13.8 billion, representing a compound annual growth rate of nearly 20 percent.
With the acquisitions of both Keystone and Premier we have added to
our status as a major regional institution. M&T’s market capitalization, which
stood at just $70 million in 1982, reached $6.3 billion at year-end 2000. This
was the highest of any Buffalo-headquartered publicly-traded company and the
fourth-highest in upstate New York. Moreover, M&T constituted 55 percent of
the market capitalization of all publicly-traded companies headquartered in the
Buffalo area. Our growth in market capitalization, in conjunction with the
stock split which helped facilitate the purchase of Keystone, contributed to
Standard and Poor’s decision, in November of the past year, to include 
M&T in
its S&P 400 index.
There are any number of figures which further exemplify this change
and growth.
In the combined markets of upstate New York and central Pennsylvania, the
bank holds the leading share of all deposits. The bank serves some 1.2 million
consumer households. One of every four families in our upstate New York
markets does business with M&T
–
an 11-fold increase compared to our position
in 1982. Our mortgage subsidiary has provided financing for over 100,000
families in New York state alone.
We now provide banking services to more than 50,000 businesses in
upstate New York (more than 33 percent of all businesses in the area) and
33,000 in central Pennsylvania. In the view of an independent national
consulting firm, the bank is
“the market share leader among middle market
firms”
in upstate New York.
Over the past decade, our securities subsidiary
–
not even in existence
when the current management came to the bank
–
placed over $3 billion in
investments on behalf of our customers.
Put another way, we have become the leading financial services
institution in the upstate New York and central Pennsylvania region. This
region is a substantial one by many measures. As measured by personal income,
our core markets are the equivalent of the tenth largest state in the United
States; by deposits, they would rank as the nation’s ninth largest. The total
population, and number of households, in our core markets are only slightly
smaller in population than the whole of the state of Ohio.
HOW WE’VE GROWN: THE M&T APPROACH
It would be a gross overstatement to say that growth on this scale was
envisioned when the current management came to M&T in 1983. We have
been fortunate in being able to take advantage of an unusual period in banking.
Two of the defining aspects of this era have been a tremendous increase in
merger activity and technological innovation
–
the latter helping the former
make economic sense. In addition, the banking crisis of the late 1980s and
early 1990s made it possible to obtain additional assets through the offices of
federal regulators. Thanks to our strong financial position at the time, we were
able to move when others could not.
But none of these factors, nor all of them, is sufficient to explain our
good fortune. It cannot be stressed enough that the success of the company is
fundamentally the product of those who work here and the skills, loyalty,
insight and dedication they bring to their jobs. Indeed, the most important
thing we’ve done right has been the commitment we’ve made to identifying
and hiring the best employees. This is not a minor effort. In the year 2000
alone, we interviewed more than 13,000 new candidates for some 2,000
positions, a ratio similar to those of the two years previous. We have been just
as committed to retention as recruitment. Indeed, 47 percent of the company’s
workforce has been at the bank for more than five years. Among senior
executives that figure stands at 88 percent. For the bank as a whole, 27 percent
of employees have been with us for 10 or more years. Indeed, more than 400
have been with us for 25 years or more.
Such figures reflect the fact that, as we have grown, we have kept in
mind the importance of employees who have a long-term commitment to the
company, who know our products and our systems well, who feel an M&T esprit de corps. It’s a spirit we have tried to nurture through an aggressive
policy of internal promotion. Last year, we promoted more than 600
employees to positions which became available. The prospect of promotion,
moreover, has been coupled with assistance meant to help employees gain the
new skills to advance. Last year, fully 64 percent of M&T employees
participated in at least one internal training course. We offered nearly 150 such
courses. Moreover, over 500 employees took part in external seminars at bank
expense, while others took advantage of our tuition reimbursement to work
toward more advanced degrees
–
both undergraduate and graduate. Such
assistance has been complemented by additional incentives. Some 4,500, or
more than half of all employees, now have stock options. More than 93 percent
of full-time employees who have been with the company for one year or more
own M&T stock.
Because we are, first and foremost, a community bank, we have looked
primarily
–
but by no means exclusively
–
to our home region for our
workforce. As a major regional employer, we are able to attract top young
talent
–
both with BAs and MBAs
–
from such upstate New York schools as the
State University of New York at Buffalo, Canisius College, the Rochester
Institute of Technology, Syracuse University and the State University of New
York at Binghamton. At the same time, we have well understood that the
demands, sophistication and specialized skills of contemporary banking mean
that we cannot afford to be parochial in our recruiting. We have invested, and
will continue to invest heavily in a search for top talent, unbound by geography.
Over the past decade, we have annually spent more than a million dollars on
recruitment, an investment that has allowed us to hire 125 new MBAs, 65
percent of whom have come to us from out of state. Their degrees are from top
schools, including Wharton (University of Pennsylvania), Harvard, Columbia,
Cornell, the University of Rochester, the University of Chicago and the
University of Michigan. Such young talent has been complemented by banking
industry veterans, brought in not only from the banks we’ve acquired but from
others around the country.
It is the blend of all these types of employees that makes us what we are.
It is they who have made it possible for us to grow from 60 banking offices in
1982 to 484 following the Premier acquisition, to expand both core lending
and deposits and to take advantage of the chance to acquire competitors that
have complemented our existing operations. The dedication and talent of our
employees has allowed us to grow while steadily improving our cash basis
efficiency ratio: from 57.1 percent in 1996
–
prior to a series of major
acquisitions
–
to 50.2 percent in 2000. Put another way, during the same
1982-2000 period in which our deposits were increasing by an average of 15
percent annually, our number of employees was growing at little more than half
the same rate (8 percent).
Throughout, we have been cognizant that acquisitions undertaken for
the wrong reasons
–
for goals such as sheer size and its apparent prestige, for
instance
–
will not lead to good outcomes. We know well that there is always
the risk that an acquired entity will not add to the acquirer’s earning power. In
contrast, as we have made acquisitions, both cash net income and cash earnings
per share have risen dramatically and consistently. Cash net income has risen from
$5 million in 1983 to $359 million in 2000, while diluted cash earnings per
share rose, during the same period, from nine cents to $4.31. The compound
annual growth rate of cash earnings per share was 26 percent during this
period. Following the trends in earnings growth, the compound annual growth
rate of the company’s stock price for the same period was 25 percent.
We’ve achieved these results thanks to our decision to concentrate on
our core geographic area and to grow incrementally within it. Each acquisition
has both tested us and taught us, in its own way. For instance, in acquiring the
operations of the Monroe Savings Bank from the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation in 1990, we learned how to take over a failed bank in a city we did
not know
–
and learned that we had the management to do so. In acquiring
parts of Goldome in 1991, we confronted the limits of our own capacity to
finance such deals and found a compatible investor, an affiliate of Berkshire
Hathaway Inc., which now holds seven percent of outstanding M&T shares. In
our 1998 acquisition of the Syracuse-based ONBANCorp, Inc., we learned to
manage the merger process on a far larger scale than previous. In some way,
each acquisition has given us important new experience and greater confidence.
The smooth incorporation of new customers could not have occurred,
however, without significant investment in new technology. Our spending on
technology has risen from one third of all capital expenditures in 1993 to more
than half in 2000. That investment has not only helped us process and clear
checks more quickly but has strengthened our analytic capacities, as well. For
instance, not only can we process impressive volumes of telephone inquires
(last year our two call centers handled over 13 million phone calls, compared
with 265,000 in 1983) but our telephone representatives are now linked to our
product sales force. So it is that a simple balance inquiry might, conceivably,
lead to the closing of a new loan. Like our peers, we are delivering services
through the new channels which technology now makes possible. A sharply
increasing number of phone inquiries
–
77 percent, or 10.3 million calls, last
year
–
were handled through an automated system, just as many of our consumer
services generally have become automated. We now have some 1,000 ATMs
and our number of web banking customers more than doubled during 2000.
At that rate, online accounts will soon exceed 10 percent of our customer base.
COMMUNITY BANKERS
Even as we have upgraded our technological tools, we have never lost sight of
the fact that we are, primarily, a community bank, one which serves the day-to-
day needs of our regions’ hometowns. This focus leads us not just to invest in
communities but to participate in civic and cultural life, a participation which
the bank strongly encourages. M&T employees volunteer their time to their
communities in myriad ways, from coaching youth sports to serving in local
office. Currently, more than 500 M&T employees (exclusive of those employees
who have moved over from Keystone and Premier) can be found on boards
and committees of almost 800 not-for-profit and charitable organizations. We
have made a particularly deep commitment to improving education through
the bank’s partnership with the City of Buffalo’s Westminster Community
School, where we’ve not only provided funds for physical improvements but
contributed thousands of employee volunteer hours. More than 100 employees
support the top-flight principal whom the company helped recruit. They
mentor and assist students, help with building maintenance and repair, and
support new computer technology.
In addition to such personal involvement, corporate philanthropy has
been a key element of our approach to community banking. Our $6.7 million
in charitable donations for the year 2000, made largely through The M&T
Charitable Foundation (established in 1993), represented a 20 percent increase
over 1999. At 1.50 percent of pre-tax income, such giving exceeded the U.S.
corporate average by fully 25 percent. We seek, through our philanthropy, to
make our communities better places in very tangible,
“quality of life”
ways. It
may be a restored theatre, a youth program or a concert series but our goal,
always, is not just to reinforce our brand name but to make the M&T region a
more attractive place to live and work. And surely it helps us keep our ear to
the ground, as well.
We are not deaf, of course, to the fact that there are those who joke
about our home region. It was not coincidental, nor, really, inappropriate that
Broadway, this past year, set its adaptation of The Full Monty
in our head-
quarters city of Buffalo, the U.S. equivalent, in some ways, of the economically-
depressed north of England. But history teaches us that bad times can help set
the stage for good. The markets we serve, notwithstanding their slow growth,
are nonetheless home to thousands of profitable businesses and to some 26
million people. It is a market with an aggregate personal income of $845
billion, a total surpassed only by California among U.S. states. That constitutes
a level 57 percent greater than Texas and more than double that of Florida or
Illinois. (Even were the New York City region excluded from this count, the
5.6 million households in the other parts of the area we serve would rank fifth
among all states in aggregate income.)
As it has been historically, banking will continue to be a crucial part of
the system of capital accumulation and allocation. It is the means by which the
small and mid-sized business has access to credit. Especially with the addition
of brokerage and investment services, it is the means by which small savers have
access to investment markets. We at M&T are proud that, since our founding in
1856 and over the course of nearly two decades of unprecedented expansion,
we have found ways to provide more responsive and efficient systems, new
products and new services, for the households and businesses we have historically
served in New York and the markets we have now entered in Pennsylvania,
West Virginia and Maryland. It is a tradition of change and growth we hope
and believe we can continue.
Robert G. Wilmers
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 21, 2001