 iv
MESSAGE TO STOCKHOLDERS

The combination of the benefits from a major acquisition completed in 2003 and growth of our base of business as it existed prior to that merger led to a 21% improvement in M&T Bank Corporation’s diluted earnings per share
in 2004. That conventional measure of financial results increased to $6.00 from $4.95 in 2003.
Net income last year grew to $723 million, 26% above the $574 million earned in 2003. Those results meant a return of 1.40% on average total assets, up from 1.27% in the prior year. Similarly, return on average common stockholders’ equity improved to 12.67% from 11.62%.
Our 2004 financial results are the first to reflect the full-year impact of the April 2003 acquisition of Allfirst Financial Inc. (Allfirst). In contrast, 2003 results included only nine months’ Allfirst-related operations. Furthermore, merger- related expenses incurred in 2003 associated with the integration of Allfirst with and into M&T lowered that year’s net income by $39 million, or 34 cents per diluted share. There were no merger-related expenses in 2004.
To help investors understand the effect of merger activity in M&T’s reported results, we consistently provide supplemental reporting of earnings on a “net operating” or “tangible” basis. Our measurement of net operating results excludes the after-tax impact of merger-related expenses and amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets. When calculating returns on average tangible assets and average tangible equity, assets and equity measured in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) are reduced by the average carrying values of goodwill, core deposit intangible and other intangible assets, and applicable deferred income tax balances.
As required by the Securities and Exchange Commission, reconciliations of GAAP-basis net income and net operating income, average total assets and average tangible assets, and average total stockholders’ equity and average tangible stockholders’ equity appear in the accompanying Form 10-K.
In that context, I can report that M&T’s diluted net operating earnings per share were $6.38 in 2004. That was 12% higher than 2003’s $5.70. In dollar total, last year’s net operating income was $769 million, an increase of 16% over the $661 million earned in 2003. Net operating income in 2004 expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible stockholders’ equity was 1.59% and 28.76%, respectively, compared with 1.55% and 28.49% in 2003.
Last year’s earnings growth was largely attributable to the full-year impact of the acquisition of Allfirst, which, because it occurred on April 1, 2003, had affected only three of that year’s quarters. That three-month differential was the most significant factor affecting year-over-year changes in average loan volume (and thereby taxable-equivalent net interest income), noninterest income from fees for providing services to our customers and, of course, day-to-day operating expenses.
v

vi
Buoyed mainly by a 9% rise in average outstanding loan volume to $37.1 billion in 2004 from $34.0 billion in 2003, taxable-equivalent net interest income – the largest constituent of net income – was $1.75 billion in 2004. That compared with $1.62 billion the year before. A narrowing of the spread between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities produced a 3.88% net interest margin, the ratio of taxable-equivalent net interest income to average earning assets, that was down 21 basis points (hundredths of one percent) from 4.09% in 2003.
Notwithstanding fluctuations over the course of the year, credit performance was improved in 2004. Net charge-offs of loans – that is, charge-offs of loans in excess of recoveries of loans previously charged off – declined both in dollar amount and as a percentage of average loans outstanding. Net loan charge-offs were $82 million last year, or .22% of average loans. The comparable amounts for 2003 were $97 million and .28%.
The news about nonperforming loans was also positive. Loans classified as nonperforming dropped to $172 million, or .45% of total loans, at December 31, 2004. Both measures were improved significantly from $240 million or .67%
a year earlier. As the year progressed, those credit indicators, along with others, pointed us towards lowering the relative level of the allowance for credit losses. At last year’s end the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans outstanding was 1.63%. A year earlier the allowance stood at 1.72%. Lowering that figure was a measured and prudent response to improving credit quality that was accomplished by recording a provision for losses of $95 million. Although it exceeded net charge-offs by $13 million, the provision for 2004 was down from $131 million in the prior year.
Noninterest sources of income – most notably, fees for providing services to customers – totaled $943 million, an increase of 13% over 2003’s $831 million. Noninterest operating expenses, which exclude the merger-related expenses and amortization of intangible assets referred to previously, rose 10% to $1.44 billion from $1.31 billion. A $25 million cash contribution to The M&T Charitable Foundation during 2004’s third quarter contributed to the expense increase.
The year’s mix of revenues and operating expenses resulted in an efficiency ratio – that is, noninterest operating expenses as described above divided by the sum of taxable-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income (exclusive of securities transactions) – of 53.5%. If the $25 million charitable contribution were excluded from the calculation, M&T’s efficiency ratio for 2004 would have been 52.6%. The ratio in 2003 was 53.6%.
These generally positive trends notwithstanding, it is worth bearing in mind that although corporate earnings have generally recovered from the 2001 recession, corporate investment – and thus the need to turn to lenders – has lagged, as firms have continued to be cautious about the prospects for long-term growth and,

what’s more, have frequently relied, to date, on retained earnings, rather than bank loans, as their source of investment and operating capital.
PROGRESS REPORT: THE ALLFIRST ACQUISITION
Among the key factors which helps explain M&T’s continued income growth in this difficult period has been the integration of the former Allfirst, whose acquisition and attributes were discussed here at some length last year. By many measures,
I can report that that acquisition, the largest in our history, may be judged to have been successful. For instance, in the former Allfirst portion of the company, total lending (exclusive of certain types of loans which have been de-emphasized) increased over the past year by 9.2% – a rate comparable to that of our vintage markets – from $7.3 billion to $7.9 billion – while the percentage of revenues devoted to operating expenses has declined. Indeed, the efficiency ratio for the Allfirst portion of the company stood at 67.0% for 2003; in the fourth quarter of 2004, it improved to 58.3%. Notably, despite the disruptions that transition can bring, we have retained customers in the former Allfirst markets at a rate roughly equal to that of our “vintage” markets – where our name, of course, is far more established. Key to that success has been another sort of retention – the fact that so many talented former Allfirst employees have remained with the company, providing a comforting continuity for customers. Indeed, I think it is fair to say that Allfirst has brought with it a greater number of talented and experienced employees than any of our previous acquisitions. Moreover, we have succeeded
in retaining both customers and employees despite facing, in the former Allfirst markets, competition from some of the largest and most successful banks in the U.S. Indeed, we have, in less than two years, become a well-recognized part of
the community in the areas into which the Allfirst acquisition has brought us. M&T, for instance, is now ranked in the top five of all corporate philanthropic donors in the Baltimore area.
It fails, however, to capture the true extent of the impact of the Allfirst acquisition simply to describe, in isolation, what has gone on in Baltimore, York, Hagerstown, Chambersburg, Gettysburg, Harrisburg, Washington D.C., or any of the new markets in the overall former Allfirst “footprint”. Such a snapshot, although accurate, is nonetheless incomplete, failing to reflect the benefits that have developed, in our many product lines, from the overall integration of the two institutions. One-time Allfirst employees are now active throughout the company, and one-time Allfirst specialties have diffused throughout all M&T. Such specialties include asset-based lending, loan syndications and international trade, financed through the Export-Import Bank. (The Commerce Department reported in December, 2004 that M&T led the nation in the number of Export- Import Bank loans it approved in 2003.)
vii

viii
The benefits of integration have flowed in the other direction, as well. The former Allfirst has benefited from M&T’s established capacities for mortgage origination, auto dealership lending and securities sales. We well understand that we have more work to do in the new markets we have entered, particularly in recruiting new customers as well as retaining existing ones. It is already clear, however, that the new, integrated whole, created through the combination of Allfirst and M&T, has become greater than the sum of the old parts.
OLD MARKETS AND NEW
As noted in this space last year, among the many benefits of the Allfirst acquisition has been the entry it has afforded us into a region of greater economic vitality than the markets we have historically served. Consider that, over the period 1983-2002, Maryland, in which branches of the former Allfirst are most concentrated, added jobs at an average annual rate of 1.7%. In contrast, upstate New York, during the same period, added jobs at a noticeably slower pace; just .9% per year. During the same period, Maryland’s growth in per capita personal income ranked fourth in the U.S., while that of upstate New York ranked 33rd.
As important as it is for M&T to begin to do business in high-growth areas, and as pleased as we are at having begun to do so, it would be just as significant for the company were our historic markets somehow to rouse themselves from their economic doldrums. It is unlikely that this will happen, however, until steps are taken to reduce the tax burden and attendant bureaucracy whose weight inhibits growth in payroll, income and population.
The details of the burden are telling. As much as upstate New York trails the national average in positive indicators, such as those cited above, it leads in levels of taxation. Indeed, local government taxes as a percentage of personal income in upstate New York are fully 35% above the national average, a level higher than any state except New York as a whole (including downstate).
In contrast, central Pennsylvania – a market in which the Allfirst acquisition has increased M&T’s presence – stands 31% below the national average in the bite taken by local taxes. This is just one of the many reasons we are more hopeful about that region’s economic prospects. New Yorkers, in contrast, are both paying high taxes and getting less than they should for their money. Consider two crucial areas of the state budget – spending on Medicaid health care assistance for the needy and on public education. Together, these two areas themselves account more than half of total New York State government expenditures. Medicaid spending in New York State alone – driven by generous benefits – is nearly equal to that of California and Texas – combined. The program’s costs are, in part, passed on to local governments, where the high

levels of taxation noted above in turn inhibit job formation. New York State also spends 51% more than the national average on the per pupil cost of education but attains worse-than-average results (on average, a 1007 composite on the Scholastic Aptitude verbal and mathematics tests, compared to a national average of 1026).
Among the other side effects of all this has been population flight, especially among the young – hardly a positive trend for industries such as ours. Over the period 1990-2003, the upstate population only barely held steady – growing
at an annual average of just .1%. Even that small increase masked a far worse population problem – the decline in the number of young people. From 1990 to 2003, U.S. Census Bureau data show that the number of upstate New York residents aged 20-34 declined by 323,836 or 19%. This 1.6% annual decrease was eight times the .2% average yearly decline for the U.S. as a whole. Indeed,
the upstate New York region alone accounted for fully one-fifth of the 1.6 million total fall of U.S. residents in the 20-34 age group during the period 1990-2003. In contrast, the new M&T markets – such as Maryland and metropolitan Washington, D.C. (including fast-growing northern Virginia) – gained population at an average annual rate of 1.3%. Overall, New York State ranked 44th among the 50 states in population growth.
The impact of these differentials in growth and taxation can be measured in terms of their effects on the banking industry. From 1994 to 2004, the 7.0% average annual growth in bank and thrift deposits in M&T’s “new” markets was not only significantly higher than the 2.7% annual growth rate in our vintage markets but, in fact, exceeded the 5.6% U.S. average.
We are pleased to be doing business in new and robust markets – but hopeful, too, that our traditional markets can discover a similar vitality. This
is not a brief for draconian reductions in the public spending programs which New Yorkers have historically endorsed. It is, however, a call to consider the possibility that, should its public spending and level of taxation converge more closely to the national mean, New York, and especially its upstate region, might at long last rebound from its long, steady economic decline.
FIVE PROJECTS: RE-FOCUSING ON FUNDAMENTALS
Over the past two decades, and, especially over the past seven years, the story of M&T has been one of growth and acquisition. No small part of that growth has been what bankers describe as “organic”; that is to say that, even were we not to count the deposits and customers we’ve gained through our acquisitions of previously-independent banks, M&T’s revenue and income would have continued their growth. It is also true, however, that we have experienced significant growth through our acquisitions – OnBank, 1998, First National
ix

x
Bank of Rochester, 1999, Keystone, 2000, Premier, 2001 and Allfirst, 2003 – and the increased number of branches and customers which they have brought us.
Yet we are well aware that the fact that we have “closed” on any given acquisition does not mean that it can truly be considered complete. Indeed, the contemporary U.S. banking industry, more competitive than ever before, is littered with failed mergers which appeared, at first, to have been successful. The details of such failures differ but all have one thing in common: the failure of the acquiring bank to infuse, into the firm it has acquired, the successful ways of doing business which allowed the acquisition to occur in the first place. Even banks which have appeared to be among the strongest have not been immune to such misstep. For instance, in 1994, in a volume entitled Bottom Line Banking: Meeting the Challenges for Survival and Success, three leading industry analysts identified 14 U.S. banks they believed were the strongest and most likely to survive as independent firms. As this is written, only six of that group still actually survive.
It is with this sobering history clearly in mind that we at M&T have set out, since last I wrote to you, to take stock of the way we do business. Among the insights we have had is the realization that, although, in the adrenalin-filled period before an acquisition we all pull together as one institution to do what’s needed, that is not necessarily true at other times. Too often, the various businesses which together comprise M&T have gone their own entrepreneurial way, not profiting as much as they might have from the experience of others nor helping others to profit from theirs.
Put another way, although we are pleased with the results described above, we are neither satisfied nor complacent, nor naïve enough to believe that, absent a combination of cooperative effort and ingenuity, our earnings growth will inevitably continue. So it is that we have undertaken what might be characterized as a “due diligence” review of ourselves – of our internal operations – just as we would of a firm we might acquire. Ours, after all, is a company which has more than doubled in size since 1999 – increasing our number of branches from
281 to 663, increasing our assets from $22 billion to $53 billion, increasing the number of households banking with us from 888,000 to 1.7 million, and increasing our number of employees from 6,600 to 13,400. Such growth brings opportunity to reach new markets and to realize greater efficiencies. But it also brings the danger that because so many of our own employees are simply unfamiliar with them, the approaches that have made us successful will be fatally diluted. The fact that 70% of M&T employees have worked for the company for five years or less – either because they are new to M&T or because they had previously worked for companies we have since acquired – only adds emphasis to this important point. We believe we must take the steps necessary to ensure that M&T is not a patchwork, stitched superficially together, but, rather, a new

whole, managed as such, inspired by common values and run by standardized, company-wide systems. Standardization, we believe, is key to greater efficiency and better customer service.
The leadership of China likes to speak of what it calls the “three represents” – its dedication to “the fundamental interests of the people”, “advanced culture” and “advanced productive forces”. At M&T, we, too, are interested in these sorts of improvements – although we are not, apparently, quite as succinct as the Chinese. We have undertaken five projects – we call them our five “areas of focus”. They represent our concerted effort to knit the firm together, not only for the sake of efficiency and cost-savings but as the foundation for continued growth. Make no mistake: this is neither a minor, nor superficial, effort. We have, rather, called on the time and energy of hundreds of employees throughout the company, working under pressure to produce results, to plan these important internal changes.
Through these five projects, we will take steps to make it even easier to do business with us, generate more revenue, standardize our systems and management structure, and increase the efficiency of our operations and the satisfaction of our employees. We refer to the five project areas as Infrastructure, SmartSpend, Revenue Enhancement, Community Banking, and Loan Process and System Optimization. Here follows a description of the five – and the reasons for them.
INFRASTRUCTURE: In a marketplace in which competition is intense, it is more important than ever to operate as efficiently as possible. It is not simplistic to remind ourselves that dollars saved are still dollars earned. It is, however, no simple task to be certain that the great many individual operations that go on within M&T are each being conducted at peak efficiency. Gross measures, such as the efficiency ratio of the bank as a whole, cannot tell us where problems might lie, any more than a high fever alone tells a doctor what’s wrong with a patient.
So it is that we have set out to examine and develop measures of efficiency for the full range of M&T operations. This “infrastructure project” includes our physical and technical systems but extends to our human infrastructure, as well. In the wake of our acquisitions, we find ourselves with numerous facilities –
such as call centers and employee training sites – located as much by happenstance as by plan. Small pieces of our operations may be scattered across the many cities we serve; sometimes we have duplicate facilities within one region. All this poses risks both to maintaining a high quality of service and to minimizing the cost of doing so. Our examination of infrastructure goes beyond such obvious targets, however. We will look at the rate at which crucial core operations, such as the processing of loan applications, occur, and compare across our regions. We will look at the cost of ancillary services – such as company cafeterias and mailrooms – and examine whether it makes sense for us to provide such services ourselves.
xi

xii
SMARTSPEND: The control of costs is a key to profitability in contemporary banking. One cannot, after all, guarantee strong loan demand or deposit growth. But one should be able to understand why costs are incurred and how they might be reduced. The bank’s overall number of employees is, of course, crucial, in this regard – but it is far from the only lever for which we must reach. We have already carefully scrutinized staffing levels as part of our series of acquisitions. But there are other aspects of costs we must do more to control. Significant among these is our procurement process. We are now a $50 billion bank but have never fully evaluated our purchasing practices, which developed without sufficient central direction. We must not only make sure that we get the best possible value – whether for cleaning, insurance, temporary help, office supplies, couriers, hotel rooms or dozens of other goods and services which
we purchase – but we must make sure that all parts of the bank are on the same footing. At the same time, we will always be cognizant of the importance of doing business with firms in our own communities and from the ranks of our own customers.
Getting the best price is not the only aspect of efficient procurement.
We are also examining how efficiently we use the goods or services which we procure. To improve our “spend management” we will seek to help our employees become more aware of their own, day-to-day individual practices and their cost implications. This will require examination of even mundane activities. To make additional copies, is it better to use the office printer or the photocopier? We believe examination of such small matters – including the tracking of such costs and providing guidance for employees – can lead to significant savings. At the same time, there is another implicit but important message herein: the activities of every employee, at every level of the company and in every part, affect the fortunes of the whole.
REVENUE ENHANCEMENT: Banking was once – and not that long ago –
an intensely local business, one in which customer inquiries, payments and deposits were handled face-to-face. Although that way of doing business has almost disappeared in our era of on-line bill-paying and ubiquitous ATMs, we must strive, nonetheless, to make it as easy and pleasant as possible for customers to do business with us – and, like bankers historically, to appreciate our customers as whole persons who play a multiplicity of roles in their communities and need far more than one financial service. The purchaser of cash management services may also be a home equity borrower; the small business owner may also be a parent saving for college costs. In some parts of M&T, there has long been an effective emphasis on “relationship banking”; that is, doing as much as possible to bring the full range of financial products to the attention of customers for whom they might be useful. But in other parts of the bank – particularly as we have grown

through the acquisition of a diverse range of institutions – this has not been the norm. As our third project, we will seek to extend our culture of “cross-selling” and “relationship banking” throughout M&T, until it becomes standard operating procedure at each of our nearly 700 business locations. To help do so, we will introduce new ways to make the best use of information we’re gathering. Which new mortgage customers might benefit by taking out home equity lines? Might checking account customers be better-served by debit cards? Which savings account customers might benefit from the services of the M&T Investment Group? We believe that using such data wisely will not only benefit our customers but also provide significant opportunities for revenue growth.
COMMUNITY BANKING: We have long described M&T as a community bank – a term which might somehow seem like a quaint leftover from our era as a small upstate New York institution. But we continue to understand community banking as central to our corporate identity – a way we “brand” ourselves for customers and distinguish ourselves from our competitors. As community bankers, we encourage our employees to play a role in civic life. Our employees serve on
the boards of more than 900 not-for-profit organizations. Communities have traditionally looked to banks for such civic leadership – and we believe that this is a tradition that must continue. This same belief motivates our corporate philanthropy, which Business Week ranked eighth-highest, as a percentage of revenue, of all publicly-traded U.S. firms last year.
We well understand that the vitality of the communities in which we do business is crucial to our continued success. But we also understand community banking to be a business approach, one that has internal as well as external dimensions. For that reason, we have historically organized many of our operations along geographic, community-based lines. Relationships with many major customers, too, have been nurtured by our regional executives. But not all the dozens of regional structures we had maintained continue to make sense in what is now a significantly larger company. Many of our regional organizations were simply inherited from other organizations we’ve acquired. Had we been starting from scratch, we would not, in many instances, have drawn boundaries, nor set staffing levels and the roles of their executives as they have been. We have already reduced the overall number of M&T’s regions and established consistent regional roles, staffing structures and boundaries across the entire company. We have created five formal geographic areas, further divided into 14 regions. We will consolidate many of our 65 profit-centers and, in the process, reduce our costs without compromising our standards.
More than cost-savings are involved, however. We believe that, by clarifying to whom they should turn for any given inquiry or request, this standardization will make it easier for our customers to do business with us. Moreover, by linking
xiii

xiv
a specific portfolio of responsibilities with a specific position rather than a specific person, this re-organization will help ensure institutional continuity, even as individuals, inevitably, move on. A consistent regional structure will serve, too, as a template when and if we once again add to the number of regions in which we do business.
LOAN PROCESS AND SYSTEM OPTIMIZATION: Successful firms – whether in the hotel, retail or banking industries – are built on efficient, easily-understood systems. At M&T, we have taken stock of some of our most basic systems and decided they can be improved. A particular problem: too many systems designed for similar purposes. Over the course of many years we’ve accumulated too many ways to perform what amount to the same functions. Yet employees, for historical reasons, have specialized in, and became attached to specific operating methods – some of which made good sense when they began but which today may be redundant operationally or, even worse, confusing to customers. In particular, we have found that we have a great many loan processing systems used by various “lending groups”. As a result, when the employees of the former Allfirst joined M&T, they found they had to become familiar with no fewer than 12 loan transaction systems. We well understand that loan systems are the revenue lifeline of any bank – and that a multiplicity of loan processing pipelines risks confusing employees and customers alike. We will consolidate, simplify and standardize our loan systems. Simply put, we will save the best and eliminate the rest.
Considered individually, none of these five projects approaches the drama of another major acquisition. Yet, just as in any acquisition, large numbers of employees (some 250) are involved in the implementation of these initiatives, which, we believe, will enable us to reduce our net run rate of expenses by some $50 million, just as we might reduce the expenses of a firm we acquired. These savings will be available either to reduce our stated expenses or to be used to invest in projects designed to make possible further growth.
We hardly claim to be unique in such endeavors. In an industry that has never been more competitive, they are the sort of steps which our competitors are taking and which we must not fail to take ourselves. Indeed, they will be the major focus of our attention in 2005 – and the key ways in which we will ensure a continuing high quality of service to our customers and the highest-possible return on investment for our shareholders.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE
Finally, this is to offer some reflections on the social and legal responsibilities faced, increasingly, by the banking industry today. Several years ago, we determined that M&T’s cost of complying with laws and regulations represented between 4 and 4.5% of all non-interest operating expense. That implies that, for 2004,

we spent somewhere between $57 million and $64 million on legal compliance. Banks, of course, have, historically, been stringently regulated. Our central role in the economy has long required us to report to a wide range of authorities – including the Federal Reserve Bank, the Treasury Department and the Comptroller of the Currency, as well as some 150 state banking, securities and insurance divisions. Indeed, in the past year alone, M&T was reviewed on 15 occasions by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the New York State Banking Department. These were among 49 separate examinations, reviews or inspections by public authorities. It is important for our shareholders, employees and customers to understand why oversight and regulation have increased significantly in recent years. There are several key reasons.
First, the United States is at war and our government is rightly concerned that the banking system might be used as a way to transfer money so as to aid and abet the enemy. This was among the fears that helped motivate the Patriot Act. The fact that a prominent bank in Washington, D.C. itself – under the noses, as it were, of Congress and regulators – was accused of failing to be vigilant in preventing money-laundering has only heightened such concern on the part of both regulators and, indeed, law enforcement officials.
Second, banks, like U.S. corporations generally, are paying the price for the actions of a handful of high-profile corporate malefactors, whose scandalous accounting practices and lack of effective oversight by their boards of directors misled investors and threatened to undermine investor confidence more generally. Last year in this space, I took note of the significant costs associated with the implementation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the 2002 federal legislation motivated by such accounting scandals.
Third, banks, – including some of the largest banks in the U.S. – unfortunately played a role in both investment scandals and corporate wrongdoing such as that associated with Enron and WorldCom. Indeed, since the second quarter of last year the three largest banks in the country, as a result of their involvement in such matters, have been forced to set aside a combined $12 billion as settlement payments to regulatory authorities or as additions to their litigation reserves. The pernicious effects of these events transcend the immediate circumstances which spawned them. Historically, major, money-center banks well understood that it was in their own interest to adopt the most cutting-edge methods to guarantee the integrity of their enterprises. Doing so was the key to protecting their reputations – and it was reputation for honesty and fair-dealing that made it possible for the public – and regulators, as well, for that matter – to place their trust in our banking system. The fact that major banks, indeed our largest banks, have violated that trust has forced regulators to play a more active role, imposing costs on the entire banking industry, its customers and shareholders. In such an environment, it is pointless to blame regulators, who, after all, must
xv

 report to a Congress which sees, right in Washington, significant wrongdoing on the part of a bank it thought could be relied upon and in which members of Congress themselves often had accounts. If there are new and onerous burdens on banks, and on U.S. corporations generally, we have, sadly, helped to bring them on ourselves.
The cost of legal compliance, even for institutions of the highest integrity, as I believe M&T to be, is, nonetheless, high and getting higher. Notably, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which took effect in 2004, requires us
to check, each and every year, on all the critical control systems which support the assertions in our financial statements, although, arguably those assertions could be readily supported in other ways, rather than through detailed testing of hundreds, and in some companies thousands, of day-to-day operating procedures. We estimate that the combined internal and external costs of complying with this part of Sarbanes-Oxley alone will be in excess of $2 million.
Still, the impact of increased regulation cannot be measured merely by the cost of compliance nor the employee-hours required – significant as these are. The most important – and most difficult to measure – impact of regulation arises from the time spent when bank officers are filling out forms rather than seeking new banking opportunities, and when those who might be serving customers are, instead, reporting to regulators. So it is that new laws have brought with them significant new burdens, which we bear with dedication. Only time can tell if they are, however, excessive. For now, we hope that legislators and regulators will, at the least, recognize that the benefits of legal mandates carry with them costs, as well.
Following the Annual Meeting of the Stockholders on April 19, 2005, Donald Devorris will retire after 21 years as a director of M&T Bank Corporation and M&T Bank or their predecessor institutions. On the same day, James V. Glynn will retire after 17 years as a director of M&T Bank Corporation or M&T Bank. We thank both men for their generous service and significant contributions to M&T.
Robert G. Wilmers
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 17, 2005
 xvi
