M&TBank Corporation’s record of consistent earnings growth continued during 2001, keyed by the successful integration of our acquisitions of the past two years. Diluted cash earnings rose 13% per share, from $4.31 to $4.87, the eighth consecutive year of double-digit
growth, in percentage terms. In the aggregate, cash net income jumped 34%, from $359 million in 2000 to $482 million in 2001. Cash net income, measured in relation to average tangible assets, improved to 1.63%, from 1.56% one year earlier. As a percentage of average tangible equity, cash net income in 2001 was 28.50%, up from 27.65% in 2000.
These results reflect our progress in integrating Keystone Financial, Inc. (Keystone) and Premier National Bancorp, Inc. (Premier), acquired on October 6, 2000 and February 9, 2001, respectively, and confirm our belief in the potential of those acquisitions. The acquisition of Premier, for $347 million in cash and stock, added $1.0 billion of loans and $1.4 billion of deposits. Just as the acquisition of Keystone established our presence in central Pennsylvania, the acquisition of Premier has enhanced our position in New York’s Hudson Valley region. These, and the other successes enjoyed by the bank, are fundamentally a reflection of the skills, dedication and creativity of our employees. As chairman, I extend to them my thanks for their exceptional performance and for their commitment to M&T.
As has been our practice, our reported cash earnings do not reflect nonrecurring merger-related expenses associated with integrating acquired entities into M&T. Such expenses, after tax effect, were 5 cents per diluted share last year, or $5 million. In 2000, similar expenses amounted to 20 cents per diluted share, or $16 million. Cash earnings also exclude noncash charges for amortization of goodwill and core deposit intangible assets that resulted from our use of the purchase method of accounting for acquisitions. Such charges, also net of applicable tax consequences, were $1.00 per diluted share, or $99 million, in 2001 and 67 cents per diluted share, or $56 million, in 2000.
We have historically reported cash earnings in order to allow comparability of our operating performance with the vast majority of other companies that completed bank acquisitions but which, unlike M&T, used the pooling-of-interests method of accounting. That method, in contrast to the purchase method, did not require recognition of goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets. In this regard, it is noteworthy that in June of last year, the
5

6
Financial Accounting Standards Board issued two edicts that, taken together, endorsed purchase accounting, abolished use of the pooling-of-interests method and, beginning in 2002 mandated cessation of amortization of goodwill (with some exceptions) when measuring income in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). As a result, we anticipate that the 2002 after-tax charge for amortization of goodwill and core deposit intangible will be reduced to approximately $33 million, or about one-third of the amount amortized in 2001.
Using the GAAP-basis method of reporting (which includes the after-tax impact of nonrecurring expenses and noncash amortization charges) in effect for 2001 and earlier years, M&T’s diluted earnings per share for last year improved to $3.82, a rise of 11% from $3.44 in 2000. GAAP-basis net income was $378 million in 2001. That was a 32% increase from 2000’s net income of $286 million. Expressed as a return on average total assets, the 2001 result came in at 1.23%, up from the 1.21% ratio in 2000. The GAAP-basis return on average stockholders’ equity was further muffled in 2001 by higher noncash charges for amortization of goodwill and core deposit intangible, falling to 12.78%, compared to 14.07% in 2000.
M&T ended last year with total assets of $31.5 billion, including $25.2 billion of loans and leases outstanding. At the end of 2000, total assets were $28.9 billion and the portfolio of loans and leases aggregated $22.7 billion. Deposits totaled $21.6 billion at December 31, 2001, up from $20.2 billion a year earlier. Supporting the balance sheet was stockholders’ equity of $2.9 billion, or $31.33 per share, and $2.7 billion, or $28.93 per share, at the end of 2001 and 2000, respectively.
Taxable-equivalent net interest income, the largest ingredient in the mix for determining net income – both on a cash and GAAP basis – grew 36% to $1.176 billion in 2001, up from $865 million in 2000. That growth reflects the combined effects of higher average loans and deposits and a widening of the net interest spread. This latter factor is the difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities.
Spurred by loans and deposits obtained in the mergers with Keystone and Premier, as well as by over $1.5 billion of added loan volume from day-to-day business activities, loans and leases averaged $24.4 billion in 2001. That was 32% higher than 2000’s average of $18.5 billion. Over the same time period,

average interest-bearing deposits rose 25%, increasing from $13.9 billion in 2000 to $17.3 billion in 2001.
Actions taken by the Federal Reserve throughout all of last year in response to the slowing economy served to lower interest rates. The Fed’s eleven interest rate cuts last year led to the lowering of the average rate we paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Last year’s rate of 3.91% was 100 basis points (hundredths of one percent) lower than the 4.91% we paid on such liabilities in 2000. Not as pronounced was the impact of the declining interest rate environment on the average yield on earning assets. The 7.62% yield on the asset side of the balance sheet marked a 68 basis point decline from the year-earlier return of 8.30%. The 68 basis point decline in yield on earning assets and the 100 basis point lowering of the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities produced a 32 basis point betterment in last year’s net interest spread to 3.71%. In 2000 the net interest spread was 3.39%. Net interest margin is the ratio of taxable- equivalent net interest income to average total earning assets. That ratio consists of the spread plus the imputed contribution of net interest-free funds. A further consequence of last year’s lower rate environment was an 11 basis point decline, to 52 basis points, in that contribution. Overall, the net interest margin last year of 4.23% surpassed that of the prior year (4.02%) by 21 basis points.
As noted in these pages last year, net loan charge-offs – that is, the amount by which loans charged off exceeded amounts that we recovered from loans previously charged off – as a percentage of average loans outstanding, were at historically low levels for 2000. As we anticipated, that ratio increased last year, rising to .31% from .16% in 2000. In dollar amount, net charge-offs increased to $75 million in 2001. A year earlier they totaled $29 million. Although approximately 16% of our total loan portfolio is secured by commercial real estate properties in the New York City metropolitan area, we were fortunate that M&T – as we have noted in previous public statements – did not experience any direct losses as a result of the tragic events of September 11, 2001.
Nonperforming loans also rose in 2001. At the end of the year they totaled $190 million. That was .76% of outstanding loans. At December 31, 2000, nonperforming loans were $111 million or .49%.
Mindful of this credit data, as well as of the weakened economy nationally and in the markets of New York State and Pennsylvania directly served by M&T, we did not wait for the Securities and Exchange Commission,
7

8
bank regulators and accounting authorities to conclude their still ongoing debate, begun in a much different economic environment (and about which I commented in these pages two years ago) as to the recognition of loan losses. Rather, we increased our provision for credit losses last year to $104 million – prudently, in our view. In 2000 we recorded a provision of $38 million. As a result, the allowance for loan losses at the 2001 year-end stood at $425 million. That was equal to 1.69% of loans outstanding. A year earlier the allowance equaled $375 million, or 1.65% of then outstanding loans.
Other important sources of revenue growth for 2001 included noninterest income, which rose to $477 million, a jump of 47% from $325 million a year earlier. About 55% of this improvement was attributable to providing deposit account, trust, brokerage and other services to customers in market areas associated with the Keystone and Premier acquisitions. In addition, the downward spiral of interest rates throughout much of 2001 led to robust activity in the refinancing of home mortgages. That activity significantly boosted mortgage banking revenues, which grew 63% to $103 million.
During 2001 we continued the work of integrating the operations acquired from Keystone – as well as those acquired from Premier – into M&T. After factoring in a full year’s worth of expenses associated with the businesses acquired from Keystone, operating expenses, which exclude the same nonrecurring costs and amortization charges described earlier, totaled $819 million last year. That was up from $599 million in the previous year when only about three months of incremental operating expenses were incurred following the October 2000 acquisition of Keystone. Notwithstanding our expanded scope and consequent increase in operating expenses, M&T’s cash basis efficiency ratio – that is, operating expenses divided by the sum of taxable- equivalent net interest income and noninterest income (exclusive of securities transactions) – dropped for the first time to a level below 50 percent, improving to 49.6% last year from 50.2% in 2000.
Peter J. O’Donnell, Jr., a director of the company and its principal subsidiary, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company (M&T Bank), since April 1, 1998, will retire from the board concurrent with the April 16, 2002 annual meeting of stockholders. Mr. O’Donnell, president and chief executive officer of Pine Tree Management Corporation, has also served as a member of the bank’s Directors

Advisory Council for northeastern Pennsylvania. His previous association with ONBANCorp and Franklin First Savings Bank, before their mergers with M&T, made him a source of wise counsel. We thank him for his service.
On July 17, 2001 Arthur Levitt, Jr. rejoined the company as an advisory director. Mr. Levitt first became associated with M&T in December 1987, following the merger with The East New York Savings Bank, where he had served as a trustee. He rejoins M&T after leaving, in July 1993, to serve as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, where he remained until February 2001. The longest-serving SEC chair in history, Mr. Levitt has previously served as the chairman of the New York City Economic Development Corporation and the American Stock Exchange. He also joins M&T Bank’s Directors Advisory Council for New York City.
THE M&T PHILOSOPHY
That earnings at M&T this past year continued to grow, and even exceed, expectations, despite a climate of economic downturn, cannot be attributed entirely either to luck nor happenstance, although one would be foolish to rule out such factors altogether. Our success is explained, too, by considered beliefs about how the business of banking is best approached. The M&T philosophy includes beliefs about our relationships with our employees and our customers, standards of credit, the best routes to operating efficiency and stockholder return. Our philosophy, and the practices to which it leads us, have guided our series of successful acquisitions and underlie the consistency of our earnings growth. They help us as we seek to realize our unchanging goal: to make M&T the bank of choice for customers in the communities we serve. It is a philosophy worth spelling out in some detail.
CUSTOMER ORIENTATION
There is no business which would not say that its fundamental focus rests on its customers. That said, we believe that we have developed a number of particularly effective approaches to maintaining and building our customer base. Especially in relatively slow-growth markets like ours, a significant part of our potential for earnings growth rests on maintaining a long-term relationship with our customers and increasing the amount of business we do with them. Doing so means that employees at all levels of the company must be alert and attentive
9

10
to customer needs. Our employees are trained to understand the specific situations of both our commercial and retail customers and to direct them, accordingly, to products and services which meet their particular needs. We go so far as to designate employees – we call them relationship bankers for our retail customers, relationship managers or business bankers for our commercial customers – whose job it is to get to know customers so well that we can anticipate their needs and provide approaches to help them achieve their financial objectives. We ask everyone who comes into contact with customers to be alert to opportunities to inform customers about products and services in which they might have an interest. In the banking industry, the most valuable relationships are those with satisfied, long-term customers. Our relationship- based approach has helped make us the market share leader among banks serving middle-market businesses in upstate New York. This approach has had similar benefits for our retail banking operation. For example, over the past three years we have increased the number of our retail customers who on average utilize three or more services by a third.
Customer focus affects the entire company, including our development of new products. For instance, much of the growth in home equity lending which we enjoyed in 2001 was attributable to a “customer-designed” product called the Choice Equity Line of Credit – a home equity line with special features for customers who want to designate a portion of their line for a specific purpose, one for which they want to fix the rate of interest and the number of installments (mimicking, in effect, a traditional consumer loan). This product, developed to provide flexibility and enhance service for customers, helped us to achieve record growth in the volume of our home equity lending.
Thinking about customers extends to thinking about the communities in which they live, as well. We have always seen ourselves as a community bank, one which lends in the same areas as those from which we draw our deposits. That role has guided our corporate philanthropy, which has focused, as described in these pages last year, on projects and organizations which tangibly improve the quality of life in our core markets – whether for a concert series or historic preservation.

CONSISTENT CREDIT CULTURE
It has been observed that, historically, banks tend to make the worst of loans in the best of times. Implicit in that observation is the possibility that credit standards change with the times – and the fear that earnings can suffer as a result. At M&T, we take a different approach, one built on a combination of strict but consistent standards. If applicants meet our credit standards, they can be assured that their loan requests will be approved. Underwriting is centralized; all loans above a set amount are reviewed by both managers’ and senior loan committees. These committees are guided by the knowledge that we don’t engage in speculative lending but, instead, understand our role as one of providing credit largely (though, of course, not exclusively) to our established customers, both for their recurring needs and their new plans. Our approach has been validated by results. From 1990 through 2001, M&T had a lower percentage of net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans outstanding than the median for the largest 50 U.S. banks every year. Notably, our results have been best, compared to our peers, when times were worst. Not only does this conservative and consistent approach protect earnings, it allows us to keep our loan window open and to continue to serve our customers and communities, even during downturns in the credit cycle. Access to credit is, of course, central to the capacity of the economy to right itself. A notable example of the long- term value of this approach has been our record in the New York City metropolitan area commercial real estate market. In 1992, at a time when the city was in the grip of a previous recession, our commercial portfolio totaled $1.5 billion – and our loan window was open. Since then, the value of our metro New York portfolio (concentrated in New York City itself) has climbed to its present level of $3.9 billion – and our window is still open and will remain that way. It is a policy we believe is fully consonant with our consistent credit culture – and which, too, reflects our long-term confidence in the city, notwithstanding the terrible effects of last September 11.
OPERATING EFFICIENCY
At M&T, we fully understand that profitability depends not only on our lending and investing acumen but also on the efficiency of our own internal processes. Thus, we are particularly proud that even as we have grown dramatically over the past 20 years, from a $2 billion to a $31 billion bank, our efficiency ratio
11

12
has improved. As already noted, it improved once again in 2001, moving from 50.2% to 49.6%, even as we integrated Keystone and Premier, and as our operating expenses increased 37%, from $599 million in 2000 to $819 million in 2001. Over the past six years, in fact, the rate of operating expense growth for M&T has been lower than the rate of revenue growth. This is no coincidence. We focus specifically on asking our individual business units to keep that measurement in mind; that is, to maintain an adequate spread between revenue and expense growth. That target helps them to make a range of operations- related decisions. It guides our unit managers, for instance, in deciding when they should spend money to make money, by investing in equipment and personnel, and when prospects dictate that it’s time, instead, to curb expenses, choosing that way to maintain the desired spread between revenue and costs. Moreover, by making the management of the revenue-expense spread the responsibility of our various business units, we avoid such draconian, and often counter-productive, expense control strategies as across-the-board cuts. Our deep interest in improving the efficiency of our systems has led us to make effective use of technology and facilities which have been part and parcel of our recent acquisitions. The Keystone purchase, for instance, has allowed us to adopt a better ATM system than the one we’d had, as well as to expand and improve our call center service.
STOCKHOLDER RETURN
Even after the Keystone and Premier acquisitions, M&T is managed, to a significant degree, by its major stockholders. M&T management, directors and their affiliates own almost a fifth of the company. It is not empty reassurance, then, to say that those running M&T day-to-day strive to keep the interests of stockholders in mind. Put another way, M&T management fully understands that its own long-term financial interests are coincident with the long-term interests of the company’s stockholders as a whole. Ours is a common cause. Indeed, a focus on stockholder value has been a hallmark of the company. It has guided us in our acquisition strategy, particularly. Our use of significant amounts of cash in completing acquisitions reduces the need to issue additional shares and means that current stockholders own, in effect, a larger part of our cash net income. By definition, earnings per share is higher than it would otherwise have been. We have taken other steps, as well, with earnings per share

in mind. Rather than let capital accumulate, we return value to the stockholders by buying back stock. In the last three years alone, we used a portion of cash net income to repurchase nearly 7.4 million shares of our common stock, at an aggregate cost of $458 million.
The M&T philosophy – including our credit standards, our attention to controlling expenses and the nature of our relationship with our customers – increases the likelihood that, as some sources of earnings decline other sources of earnings, or savings, will emerge to take their place. The record indicates that such has been the case. Since 1990, cash earnings per share have increased each year, leading to a compound annual growth rate of 17.8%. Not coincidentally, during the same time period, M&T stock – through good times and bad – has increased in value more than twice as much as the Standard & Poors Banks Composite Index (Bank Index). Just $100 invested in M&T stock at the end of 1990 would have been worth $1,331 at December 31, 2001, representing a compound annual return of 26.5%, or 9.3% more than the Bank Index. Indeed, since the 1983 arrival of the present management team, the value of M&T shares (through the end of 2001) has risen at a compound annual growth rate of 22.7% – a higher rate than that of any of the top 100 bank holding companies in existence at that time.
ACQUISITION APPROACH
Because much of our effort for the year 2001 was directed at seeing through our acquisitions of Keystone and Premier – acquisitions which increased the size of our assets by fully a third – it is worth spelling out the relationship between the M&T philosophy and our approach to acquisitions. They are, in fact, tightly linked. Our focus on stockholder value not only influences the manner in which we finance our acquisitions, it affects the nature of those acquisitions. As managers with a sizeable ownership stake, we don’t seek expansion for its own sake. We’re not concerned with our number of branches and level of deposits as ends in themselves. Our overriding goal is the successful integration of our acquisitions into the M&T way of doing business – with the goal of retaining customers, reducing expenses and increasing stockholder return. The goal of successful integration has led us to expand both steadily and with care, focusing on contiguous markets similar to those we have already learned how to serve as a community bank.
13

14
We believe it’s no coincidence that in years in which we’ve announced or completed a major acquisition, we’ve significantly outperformed the Bank Index – a reflection of our track record of successful integration. One measure used by analysts to gauge the success of an acquisition is the rate of stock appreciation following the acquisition announcement, as compared with that of the Bank Index. By this measure, among the group of banks which announced acquisitions valued at more than $1 billion during the two-year period which ended December 31, 2001, the rate of increase in value of M&T stock has exceeded that of the Bank Index at a rate higher than any of the others.
All that said, we’re under no illusions that the fact the former Keystone and Premier branches are now running on the same computer systems as the rest of M&T (vitally important as that is) means that the work of successful integration is complete. Familiarizing former Keystone and Premier employees with the M&T philosophy is not something that can happen overnight. As I’ve outlined above, M&T is not a collection of branches but a strong, unified business based in the culture of a conservative, community bank, one which values good people and good credit, establishes sound processes for employees to follow, helps them to be attentive to details and to control expenses. In integrating Keystone and Premier, we have never ceased to keep these things in mind. The challenge was not a small one. At Keystone, in particular, individual offices were more independent, reflecting their roots as separately-managed community banks. To welcome them into the M&T culture, we dispatched more than 200 employees from existing M&T business units to former Keystone, and later Premier, branches and regional offices. We have retained many good employees whom we were fortunate enough to inherit. Over the past year, we have provided training in the M&T system for hundreds of those former Keystone and Premier employees. This is an investment in our own human capital we believe has only just begun to bring returns. For the coming year, we look to former Keystone and Premier operations, not merely as acquisitions, but as new engines of increased core growth for M&T. For that to occur, we must disseminate the M&T philosophy across the company. Both our earnings, as well as individual anecdotes, tell me we are succeeding. I was particularly pleased, for instance, to hear from one long-time employee who, notwithstanding her fears about transferring from an M&T branch in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania to one hundreds of miles away in Jamestown, New York, was relieved to find

the same “team feeling” at her new branch. Call it team feeling or call it M&T philosophy, it’s a combination of values and approaches that have served us well to date and I believe will continue to do so.
ACCOUNTING AND AUDITING
During the current period of concern about corporate accounting practices, it is worth underscoring M&T’s firm and unchanging commitment to accurate financial reporting, conservative application of accounting principles, and easy- to-understand disclosures about our business activities. Said another way, the same conservative approach which we take in our business practices applies to our accounting practices.
Much has also been reported of late about fees paid to outside auditors for non-audit services. In 2001, we paid PricewaterhouseCoopers $675,000 to audit M&T’s consolidated financial statements. We paid them an additional $725,000 for reviewing income tax returns and providing other income tax- related services, rendering reports about compliance with various regulations and requirements, and performing audit services for our Trust Division and several of our subsidiaries. Lastly, we paid $361,000 for special work associated with acquisitions, implementation of a new accounting standard, providing staffing assistance to our internal audit department (but, nevertheless, working only under the direct supervision of M&T’s internal audit management), and other miscellaneous matters. We view our relationship with PricewaterhouseCoopers very positively. We believe that both the nature of the non-audit services they provide to M&T and the fees we pay for such services have in no way compromised, in either appearance or fact, PricewaterhouseCoopers’ integrity and independence with respect to M&T Bank Corporation. Furthermore, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors – which is comprised of five nonemployee directors – meets regularly with representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers to review the services that firm provides to M&T. Nevertheless, we recognize that a substantial body of opinion is developing that firms which provide audit services should not do non-audit work for their clients. As we go forward we will give thoughtful consideration to these issues.
Whether it be analyzing potential acquisitions, valuing our assets and obligations, or utilizing the services of an independent auditor, stockholders can rest assured that we resolutely take precautions to avoid the sins of over-
15

16
optimism or over-indulgence that might contribute to inappropriate application of accounting and financial principles.
PUBLIC AFFAIRS
It has long been my habit to comment on significant public affairs in the regions served by M&T. Historically, many of my comments have addressed the high tax burden and precarious financial condition of the upstate New York area, in particular. This past year, these underlying problems have been tragically exacerbated by the terrorist attacks of September 11. The blow to the New York State economy was significant and was reflected in the decreased revenues available to state government. Cities in the upstate region particularly, which have relied on state assistance in balancing their own local budgets while maintaining public services, have been hard hit, as a result.
The reduction in state aid has thrown into sharp relief underlying problems which have been ignored for too long. For example, Buffalo, our headquarters city, about whose high levels of taxation and public employment I have previously warned, learned that, with reduced state assistance, its past practices simply could not be sustained. Major budget deficits, both for fiscal 2002 and projected for fiscal 2003, have sparked a financial crisis in the city and large-scale layoffs of public school teachers. Although the proximate cause of these budget problems was the sharp decline in the level of assistance from Albany, it is certainly the case that being a ward of the state was never a good path to a healthy future. State aid has long shielded the city from the changes in the level and delivery method of public services implied by a shrinking population and tax base. If any good is to come of recent hand wringing, it will have to begin with a greater receptivity among elected officials, public employees and the electorate as a whole throughout the upstate region to dramatically new ways of doing business. One must not be insensitive to the disruption for individuals and families that such change can bring. Nor can one fail to sympathize with those touched by it. But the alternative to change is the bleakness of a slow death. Given the strengths and potential of our region and its people, such a fate is unnecessary and would be tragic. Just as M&T’s business units consistently look for ways to reduce expenses, so must government – at the same time always keeping in mind that its goal is service, not profit. A number of approaches, long thought out-of-bounds, have come

 under serious consideration. Surely, with the wolf at the door, no plausible idea should be off the table.
That change can lead to improvement was demonstrated this past year by results achieved at Buffalo’s Westminster Community School, a neighborhood school in a high-poverty section of the city in which the company has invested considerable amounts of time and money over the past 8 years. Improvement in its students’ scores on state-administered standardized mathematics tests led New York State last year to designate Westminster as one of the “most improved” schools in the Buffalo region. Some will say that this result demonstrates only that additional, outside funding is all that is necessary for public schools to improve and that without such funding there will be no improvement. But much of what has been achieved at Westminster required no additional funding at all: a take-charge principal, an orderly atmosphere for learning, higher expectations of students and increased discretion in hiring. Moreover, even when M&T’s contribution is added to the costs incurred by the school district, the $7,167 spent per pupil per year at Westminster has actually been lower than the $12,024 average for the Buffalo school district as a whole. I extend my congratulations to all those, at the school, in the community and here at the bank, who have made the improvement at Westminster possible.
Robert G. Wilmers
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 19, 2002
 17
