The past year must be viewed as a significant milestone in the history of M&T Bank Corporation, thanks to the closing, at the start of the second quarter, of the largest merger in our history. That merger, with the Baltimore-
based Allfirst Financial Inc. (Allfirst) expanded our geographic reach, increased by more than half (269) the size of our network of branches, and led to our being ranked among the twenty largest publicly-traded bank holding companies in the United States, as measured by total assets. Indeed, as a result of the merger, total assets grew by 49%, total deposit balances increased by 50% and noninterest income rose by 54%. A full report on the progress of our combination with the former Allfirst follows below. It must be noted at the outset, though, that growth in M&T’s net income and earnings per share in 2003 was driven, in significant part, by asset and deposit growth resulting from the merger, coupled with increased lending to consumers for homes and automobiles. Such factors were tempered by increased expenses for daily operations that reflect our expanded scale, amortization of intangible assets, and costs associated with combining the operations of the former Allfirst with those of M&T.
Using generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), M&T’s diluted earnings per share in 2003 were $4.95 and net income for last year was $574 million. Those measures improved by 4% and 26% from $4.78 and $457 million, respectively, in 2002. The differential in the rate of increase between the two measures reflects the issuance of 26.7 million common shares on April 1 of last year to Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. (AIB) in connection with the merger with Allfirst. In addition to the shares, we paid $886 million to AIB to complete the transaction. In return we received $16 billion of assets, including $10 billion of loans and leases, and assumed $14 billion of liabilities, including $11 billion of deposits.
Net income in 2003 represented a rate of return on average assets of 1.27% and on average common stockholders’ equity of 11.62%. The comparable rates of return in 2002 were 1.43% and 15.09%.
Since 1998, we have provided supplemental reporting of earnings on a “net operating” or “tangible” basis. In contrast to GAAP-basis results, net operating results exclude the after-tax effect of core deposit and other intangible assets – both in the income statement and on the balance sheet – and merger- related expenses associated with the integration of acquired operations with and into M&T. We have consistently reported in this way to help investors understand the effect of merger activity in M&T’s reported results.
Merger-related expenses last year amounted to $39 million after applicable income tax effect, or 34 cents per diluted share. There were no merger-related expenses in 2002. Non-cash charges for amortization of core deposit and other
5

6
intangible assets, also after income tax effect, totaled $48 million in 2003, or 41 cents per diluted share. In 2002, amortization charges, net of tax effect, were $32 million or 34 cents per diluted share. The increased level of amortization was a direct consequence of the Allfirst merger.
Diluted net operating earnings per share, which exclude merger-related expenses and charges for core deposit and other intangible assets, grew 11% last year to $5.70. In 2002 net operating earnings per diluted share were $5.12. For all shares in the aggregate, net operating income in 2003 totaled $661 million. That was a 35% jump from $489 million a year earlier. The net operating return on average tangible assets slipped a bit, though, as we integrated the acquired operations with those we had previously. That return was 1.55% last year, compared with 1.59% in 2002. The net operating return on average tangible equity rose, however, to 28.49% in 2003 from 26.71% in 2002.
As required by the Securities and Exchange Commission, reconciliations of GAAP-basis net income and net operating income, average total assets and average tangible assets, and average total stockholders’ equity and average tangible stockholders’ equity appear on page 24 of this report.
Last year also witnessed a significant change in M&T accounting policy. As explained in these pages a year ago, M&T began reporting stock-based compensation as a component of operating expenses in 2003. In implementing the change, M&T not only charged stock-based compensation expense to last year’s results, but elected to restate previously reported financial results to also include stock-based compensation in determining net income for earlier years, as allowed by the accounting rule makers at the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Oftentimes restatements of previously reported financial information are not looked upon favorably. However, in this instance, the restatement clearly enhances the comparability and transparency of the information reported. As a result of our chosen method of implementation, stock-based compensation is recognized as an expense in all GAAP-basis and net operating-basis results presented in this Annual Report. After applicable tax effect, stock-based compensation amounted to $32 million, or 27 cents per diluted share, in 2003 and $28 million, or 29 cents per diluted share, in 2002.
Comparisons of financial statement line item details between years are complicated by the merger of Allfirst into M&T. For example, the pro-rated nine-month impact of the $10 billion added to the company’s loan portfolio on the merger date was the major element in the loan total’s 33% growth from its 2002 average level of $25.5 billion to last year’s $34.0 billion. That $8.5 billion increment also includes a $1 billion rise in the average outstanding balance of

loans to consumers for financing the purchase of automobiles and other vehicles, plus growth of more modest proportions in other loan categories.
The rate profile of loans acquired in the merger contributed greatly to the downward drift in the average taxable-equivalent rate earned on the loan portfolio in 2003. That rate declined last year to 5.61% from 6.57% in 2002. Likewise, the average taxable-equivalent rate earned on the company’s $39.5 billion average total of earning assets declined by nearly the same number of basis points (hundredths of one percent) as the fall in the average rate on loans, moving from 6.42% in 2002 to 5.42% in 2003.
The average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities went down by 78 basis points last year, from 2.39% to 1.61%. The differing magnitude of decline resulted in a 22 basis point narrowing of the spread between the average rates earned and paid. The net interest spread was 3.81% in 2003 and 4.03% in 2002. The lowered net interest spread curbed year-to-year growth in taxable-equivalent net interest income, the main component of net income. At $1.62 billion last year, it was 28% higher than 2002’s $1.26 billion.
Net charge-offs of loans – that is, the amount by which charge-offs of loans exceeded recoveries of loans previously charged off – declined last year both in dollar total and as a percentage of average loans outstanding. Net charge-offs were $97 million in 2003, or .28% of average loans outstanding. A year earlier, net charge-offs were $108 million, or .42% of the total loan average. There were no significant net charge-offs of loans acquired in the merger with Allfirst during the nine months of 2003 that we operated that franchise.
The ratio of nonperforming loans to total loans also improved last year. At December 31, 2003, nonperforming loans totaled $240 million. That was equal to .67% of the $35.8 billion of loans outstanding. At December 31, 2002, nonperforming loans were $215 million, or .84% of the $25.7 billion of loans then outstanding.
The provision for credit losses in 2003 was $131 million, or $34 million more than net charge-offs. The provision in 2002 was $122 million, some
$14 million more than that year’s net charge-offs. At 2003’s end, the allowance for credit losses – including an existing allowance of $146 million that came with Allfirst’s loans in the merger – stood at $614 million and was equal to 1.72% of outstanding loans. At December 31, 2002, the allowance of $436 million was equal to 1.70% of the then outstanding loan total.
Noninterest income grew significantly – expanding 62% to $831 million last year from $512 million in 2002. Nearly nine-tenths of that increase can be sourced to operations or market areas associated with the former Allfirst franchise.
7

8
The remainder was largely due to higher fee revenues earned from providing deposit account services to customers and from our residential mortgage loan origination and sales activities.
Noninterest operating expenses, which exclude the merger-related expenses and amortization charges, bulged to $1.31 billion last year, 44% above the 2002 total of $910 million. The elevated expenses reflect the breadth of our post- merger operations. A reconciliation of noninterest operating expenses and total noninterest expenses appears on page 24.
Because the operational integration of Allfirst with M&T occurred over the last nine months of 2003, some redundant operations co-existed during that period. As a result, M&T’s efficiency ratio – that is, noninterest operating expenses as described above divided by the sum of taxable-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income (exclusive of securities transactions) – came in at 53.6% in 2003, compared with 51.3% for the prior year.
THE ALLFIRST MERGER: A PROGRESS REPORT
One might say that the merger with Allfirst was an endeavor for which the employees of M&T Bank have been preparing for more than a decade, as we have steadily grown and built our capacity to integrate institutions of larger and larger size with our operations. Indeed, at the time we acquired ONBANCorp in 1998 it was roughly one-third the size of M&T; at the time we acquired Keystone in 2000, it too was about one-third the size of a larger M&T; and, at the time we acquired Allfirst this past year, it was nearly half the size of a still-larger M&T. Clearly the last six years have been a period of ambitious growth for this company; each of the mergers we have completed was larger, in absolute terms, than the last, just as each one was large in relationship to our own size at the time. The Allfirst merger is, in other words, the latest of a series of challenges of steadily increasing magnitude. As we have undertaken each, we have focused on our core values and strengths: our role as a community banker, hiring and retaining top-quality employees, smooth execution of our conversion plan, and attention to value for shareholders. Underlying all, is our commitment to honesty, integrity and transparency.
Still, as well-prepared as we were for it and as much as it resembled, in scale, previous mergers, there can be little doubt that the Allfirst integration has represented both the greatest challenge, as well as the greatest opportunity, in M&T’s history. This is to report both that we have made significant progress toward our goal of profitably incorporating the Allfirst franchise, as judged by such measures as the retention of customers and the reduction in costs – and, too, that much remains to be accomplished.

In discussing Allfirst, it remains important to keep in mind that this merger is, in significant ways, different from those previous, in both quantitative and qualitative regards. Our new markets, for instance, and their population of 8.2 million, not only represent the largest single addition ever to our potential customer base (a 72% increase when compared with the 11.4 million population of our “vintage” markets in upstate New York and central Pennsylvania) but are both growing faster and are more affluent. Their 1.2% annual rate of population growth is four-times the .3% average of our pre-Allfirst market region. Indeed, the 1.1% annual population growth (1990-2002) in Maryland alone compares to just a 0.1% annual increase in upstate New York during the same period. Moreover, despite their relatively smaller current population, our new markets’ aggregate net income ($308.4 billion in 2001) virtually matched that of our combined upstate New York and central Pennsylvania markets ($311.2 billion). Put another way, per capita personal income in the “new” markets ($38,060) was 39% higher than that of our vintage markets ($27,450). The promise of these markets is reflected not only in the fact that the Baltimore-Washington area is the nation’s fourth-largest metropolitan statistical area but that five of
the 20 wealthiest counties in the country are located there.
Greater affluence is, of course, good news for any financial institution seeking to attract deposits and offer lending products and other financial services. At the same time, however, a more affluent market is, inevitably, a more competitive one. In entering the Maryland, District of Columbia and northern Virginia markets, we entered a region in which a considerable number of major national and regional competitor banks were already well-established – and were accustomed to spending heavily on advertising to gain and maintain public awareness of their brand names, products and services. In fact, annual spending on bank industry advertising in the Baltimore/Washington markets totaled some $32 million, or three-times the cost of such spending in the Buffalo, Rochester and Syracuse markets combined (19% more on a per capita basis). Needless to say, there was, in the Baltimore-Washington area, little or no awareness at all of the M&T name at the time of our merger with Allfirst – whose own brand name was relatively new to a region which had been more familiar with some of its predecessor institutions, such as the First National Bank of Maryland.
Nor was a need to establish awareness of the M&T name our only challenge. At the time of the merger, the Allfirst cost structure – as measured by its efficiency ratio (70.5%) – compared unfavorably with that of the previously- existing M&T operations (49.8%).
Notwithstanding these significant challenges, we have, to date, much
9

10
more than held our own in the former Allfirst markets. The credit for this must go first, and foremost, to a capable and dedicated workforce inherited from Allfirst itself. More than 4,000 former Allfirst employees – notably those with direct contact with customers – were kept on after the merger. The retained former Allfirst employees – whether in consumer, business or commercial banking, whether in branches or the Baltimore main office – made certain their customers were well-taken care of through the transition period. They have been complemented by hundreds of dedicated M&T employees who joined with them, working long hours far from home or, indeed, permanently relocating to Baltimore and other locations, to help smooth the integration, whether through painstaking conversion of vital information technology systems or by “buddying” with individual Allfirst employees to familiarize them with M&T procedures and culture.
In addition, however, as befits the different nature of the former Allfirst markets, we have taken some new and distinct approaches in our effort to make this merger successful. As a conservatively-run firm, for instance, we had traditionally focused, in our advertising, on the products and services we
make available to potential customers. We recognized, however, that gaining recognition for the M&T name such that our message would be heard in our new markets was a notable challenge. A heavy investment in conventional advertising might have borne fruit only slowly – and ran the risk of not sufficiently distinguishing ourselves from our well-established competitors.
It was in this context that we entered into an agreement with Baltimore’s National Football League team, the Ravens, to purchase the naming rights to what had been known simply as Ravens Stadium. It was our hope that what initially appeared to us to be a high price – $75 million over 15 years – would prove to be a bargain, when compared with the cost of other avenues to establish the M&T name. There is good reason to believe that this has, indeed, proven to be the case. In September 2003 – just four months after the naming rights announcement, and just five months after the closing of the Allfirst transaction – M&T found that our “unaided top-of-mind brand awareness” in the Baltimore region went from virtually nil to third place among 18 financial institutions included in our survey. Indeed, over the course of the past professional football season, M&T Bank Stadium became familiar to television viewers and sports page readers across the country, through broadcasts and reports of Ravens’ home games. Professional football, it’s worth noting, is ranked as the number one spectator sport in the U.S., with some 100 million fans.
Although the stadium naming rights were, from a marketing point of view, a departure from our past practice, they should, in a larger sense, be

understood as much in keeping with the traditional (and traditionalist) M&T approach to our business. We have always considered and presented ourselves as a community bank – a “hometown” bank, if you will – one interested in the needs and issues of the places we serve. So it has been in Baltimore and other parts of the former Allfirst markets, in ways small and large. The M&T Bank All Community Team, for instance, brings together the Ravens and Baltimore’s business leadership to support fundraising and volunteer projects to benefit Baltimore. Our long-standing interest in supporting education is reflected in the advent of the M&T Bank Honor Rows – through which 150 children from socially and economically disadvantaged backgrounds receive free football tickets, as a reward for academic performance. The M&T-donated “Believemobile” has allowed the city of Baltimore to bring entertainment on a professional soundstage to some of the city’s poorest neighborhoods. Working with a local non-profit, Operation Hope, 30 of our employees have made a four-week volunteer commitment to teach financial literacy in the Baltimore public schools. And we have contributed $1 million towards the renovation of Baltimore’s historic, newly-reopened Hippodrome Theatre. Not only will this historic renovation provide the city with a world-class venue for Broadway-quality theatre but will, we believe, help maintain the momentum of renewal ongoing on Baltimore’s west side. Thus we hope to have played a role not only in improving the city’s quality of life but in sparking economic development.
Broadly, it was our belief that our competitors were viewed as national banks; we set out to be in our new markets what we have always been in our vintage markets – a local bank. To do so, our management team (led by Eugene Sheehy and Atwood Collins, III – the latter a long-time member of the M&T management team who also has deep family roots in Baltimore) has worked diligently to link the bank with prominent and effective local organizations – ranging from an effort to improve minority entrepreneurship to the campaign to preserve Maryland’s greatest natural resource, the Chesapeake Bay.
But no forms of public relations and community service would bear fruit were we not able to deliver consistently good service to our new customers. Mergers are demanding, often in unexpected ways. We’ve had to work to
be able to give customers what they want, even if that means making quick adjustments – such as tripling our e-mail response staffing so as to successfully handle inquires from customers in the first days after the Allfirst conversion, or quickly fixing the problem that was making it difficult for customers to activate M&T Business Visa Cards. Our commercial banking business, in particular, faced special challenges. Allfirst had emphasized fee revenue by providing a broad
11

12
array of customized cash management and depository services to large commercial and government customers. On these dimensions, Allfirst’s commercial banking business was significantly larger than M&T’s. In order to retain such customers more than 120 separate Allfirst commercial products had to be made consistent with M&T practices. Some 99,000 person-hours were required just for information technology adaptations. It was an investment we did not hesitate to make.
We well appreciate that our responsiveness, or lack of it, as well as maintaining consistent service even in such relatively small matters throughout the course of a merger conversion, does much to establish our overall long-term reputation in our new markets.
More broadly, the merger of M&T and Allfirst has been, in a number of ways, a merger of businesses with their own comparative advantages. The international trade expertise of Allfirst has now been complemented by M&T’s expertise in residential mortgage finance, for instance; to M&T’s familiarity with automobile floor plan financing has been added Allfirst’s knowledge of lending to government contractors. It’s our hope and belief that, through such complements, the whole of this larger company will be greater than the sum of its previous parts.
The early results of this, our largest merger yet, are, indeed, promising. Six months after the conversion of customer data to M&T’s operating systems, consumer demand deposit and NOW account balances in the former Allfirst markets had grown by 7.6%, to $2.1 billion. In those same markets, checking account sales in 2003 exceeded those of 2002 by 12.7%. What’s more, M&T has successfully retained former Allfirst households. In the first five months following conversion – arguably a period of vulnerability for a new entrant to the market – some 96.5% of consumer households remained M&T customers (compared with 95.8% in our vintage markets over the same period). Significantly, during that same time frame we have retained 98.1% of the most profitable former Allfirst households, compared to 96.0% in our vintage markets. We were similarly successful in retaining commercial business. Although we chose not to continue to originate loans in several specialized areas not in keeping with our traditional focus (such as maritime lending), nonetheless, virtually all Allfirst’s large corporate, middle market, commercial real estate and government banking customers continue to bank with M&T. By all these counts, we have improved upon our performance during the initial six-month period following our last major merger, that of Keystone Financial in October 2000. Notwithstanding their impressiveness, such figures, nonetheless mask the enormity of the task and the accomplishment; Allfirst, after all, brought us some 1.4 million customers who needed to be served and served well.

In addition to maintaining and expanding our customer base, we have made progress in controlling costs in the former Allfirst franchise. We estimate that, as of December 31, 2003, we had realized the run-rate cost savings which we estimated at the time of the merger announcement. This is not, however, to say, that this work is done.
In short, our experience, to date, in the markets we have entered as a result of the Allfirst merger, has done nothing to shake and everything to confirm our initial confidence in the most ambitious expansion effort in M&T history. Nevertheless, we do not underestimate the extent of the continuing effort which long-term success will require.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Over the past year M&T has not only begun to do business in important new markets but to do so under significant new rules. Landmark federal legislation, the 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act, passed “to improve the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures” is, by many measures, the most sweeping new regulation in corporate governance since the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Its emphasis on accurate accounting information through requirements for independent membership majorities on boards of directors and the personal liability of chief executive and chief financial officers for any financial statement misrepresentation were not unexpected in the light of the corporate accounting scandals which have made brand names like Enron, Adelphia and WorldCom synonymous with scandal.
It should go without saying that M&T has done its utmost to come into full compliance with the new law – and that doing so does not represent any change in our historic corporate culture. A majority of the members of our board and its audit committee have historically been outside directors. Just as we have hewed to traditional banking practices, so have we adhered to conservative accounting and transparent reporting methods – reporting earnings, as noted above, on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis so as to make year-over-year comparisons as clear and easy as possible. Investors, moreover, will recall that we became (in 2002) one of the first banks of our size to announce that we would account for stock options as expenses in our income statement. Shareholders should be assured that this change is no mere window-dressing. Where once we considered stock options primarily as a compensation-related number – that is, how many were to be issued? – we now consider them more so in value terms and focus our attention on the need to cover, with revenue, the costs which they represent.
We have made such changes because we well understand – and deeply
13

14
believe – that it is only in a business world in which profits and losses are clearly stated, and in which the interests of stockholders are paramount for management, that capital markets – of which banking is so central a part – can properly function. Accounting transparency and independent oversight are the oxygen
of free enterprise.
All this said, however, I cannot help but to draw attention to the reality
that, through this new generation of regulation, corporate wrongdoing has had the effect of imposing significant costs and burdens both on the overwhelming majority of firms which have always been open and honest, and, indirectly, on those firms’ customers. At M&T, we estimate that the overall cost of complying with all federal and state regulations exceeded $50 million in 2003. That represented about four percent of the company’s operating expenses. More than 500 full-time equivalent employees contributed to our compliance efforts. Sarbanes-Oxley has added yet another layer of costs to this total. Specifically, the new legislation caused our compendium of corporate governance standards to grow from a listing on two pages to a published program fully a half-inch thick. It catalogues our means of complying with no less than 294 duties and obligations.
Most of the new legislation’s requirements are both unobjectionable
and in keeping with common sense. Some, however, are not. For instance, the rule that anyone employed by the company or its affiliates, in any capacity, is prohibited from service on its audit committee effectively precludes the chief financial officer of AIB from such service. Yet I can think of no one with any greater interest in ensuring that this company is both honest and profitable, lest AIB put its own substantial investment at risk. An independent majority on the audit committee makes sense; excluding a financial expert simply because he is employed by a major shareholder may not actually provide his fellow shareholders with the best protection. This is not to say that key members of a firm’s management should sit on its audit committee, but it does seem foolish to exclude from M&T’s audit committee someone, in the person of AIB chief financial officer Gary Kennedy, who is arguably a highly-qualified financial expert with particular knowledge of banking.
We must take great care lest demands for both independence and commitment on the part of board members – particularly those on the audit committee, whose duties are highly-demanding – drive qualified candidates away from such service altogether. Already, those on M&T’s own audit committee find their role constitutes something close to a part-time job all of its own, in addition to executive roles they play in their own firms. It is a role with significant pressures: they find they must now be concerned about their

own personal liability, for instance, when giving their approbation to financial representations. New demands risk diluting the quality of those willing and able to serve.
Nor are such contraventions of common sense limited to legislation or regulatory fiat. Consider, for instance, new New York Stock Exchange regulations which call for a firm’s directors to engage in an annual “self-evaluation” process, wherein they are to assess the performance of the board and its committees. Such an ill-advised requirement for what amounts to corporate group therapy not only seems silly but may well be counter-productive and risks inhibiting candor on the part of directors. It is, in other words, a rather Stalinesque recipe for group-think, rather than a tonic to induce independent expression.
Concern about corporate governance has also spawned private independent rating agencies which set their own standards and issue their own report cards for individual firms, as a service to investors. This is generally to the good.
But in some instances, such agencies adopt an unfortunate, one-size-fits-all approach which ill-serves those in whose interest they nominally operate.
M&T, for instance, has had to struggle to convince outside observers that
the size of our board of directors – 26 – is not designed somehow to dilute
its influence and to advance the interests of management at the expense of investors (an oxymoron in our case, given the shareholdings of our managers). In fact, the size of our board is nothing less than a prudential means to
protect the interests of shareholders. As a result of our long series of mergers, we have added as directors, one-time directors of ONBANCorp, Keystone, AIB and other institutions now joined into M&T. We believe that their industry experience and knowledge of their local markets is invaluable. That this makes for a board of more than 16 members (the measure some have set) should lead to concern only if one believes that all firms should be judged by the same standards, regardless of their special circumstance. No careful analyst would adopt such an approach – and neither should corporate governance rating agencies or pension funds.
These are not, in themselves, matters of great significance – and, indeed, people of good faith may disagree with my specific conclusions. I raise them, rather, to make the larger point that those setting corporate governance standards and requirements must seek to strike a balance among interests. It is crucially important for lawmakers, for instance, to keep in mind, as they go forward, that added regulation increases costs and that those corporate wrongdoers now under indictment or otherwise disgraced are in that position because they violated laws that were already on the books – that is, before Sarbanes-Oxley was approved.
15

16
Indeed, of approximately 10,500 publicly-held companies in the United States, only 225 had to restate their financial reports in 2001, the last full year prior to the passage of Sarbanes-Oxley. Moreover, from 1997 through 2002, the Securities and Exchange Commission found it necessary to file 515 enforcement actions against 164 corporate entities – representing less than 2% of all publicly- held companies in the U.S. It is true, and terribly unfortunate, that this number has been increasing. But it is also true that this relatively small group of wrongdoers has set in motion a wave of more stringent regulation which has imposed significant costs on the overwhelming majority of firms which have played by the rules. Nor can we be assured that the new, stricter rules will
yield any better results than the previous regime. It is not as if there were not independent board members and outside auditors serving firms which are now in disgrace. Laws, after all, are the necessary but not sufficient means to deter those who, for reasons of greed or desperation, choose to commit fraud or to loot corporate treasuries for their personal gain. But, at the same time, rules cannot substitute for honor and ethics, and the understanding that, without these, the functioning of markets and the wealth and well-being of all are threatened.
Still, even though the extent of corporate wrongdoing has been
relatively limited, it has clearly grown alarmingly and the dimensions of specific misconduct have been outrageous, with innocent shareholders and employees victimized. In this context, it is likely that we will continue in a period of more regulation, not less. This is to express the hope that legislators keep in mind that more regulation will also mean higher costs – without any certainty of serving the public interest.
NOTE ON BUFFALO
In years past, I have had a good deal to say in these messages about public affairs in M&T’s headquarters region, that of Buffalo and Western New York, especially as regards high levels of taxation, ineffective and expensive delivery of public services, and loss of population and economic vitality. The civic, community and economic health of Buffalo and environs continue to be of great personal importance to me. In that light, I was privileged, this past year, to be named, by New York Governor George Pataki, to serve on the Buffalo Fiscal Stability Authority, the so-called “control board” which is reviewing the city’s expenditures and revenues in an effort to set it on a sustainable, long-term financial course. That official position makes it inappropriate, in my view, to expound such topics as the city’s finances, as in previous messages. Moreover, as a result of our mergers of the past several years, Buffalo – although of ongoing personal importance to

 me – is no longer as central to the fortunes of M&T. Buffalonians can rest assured that M&T will continue to call the city home, for our corporate headquarters. But readers of these pages can now be spared the jeremiads of years past.
The past year saw the passing of three former members of our boards of directors. Barber Conable, former member of Congress and president of the World
Bank (1986-1991), was a former director of M&T Bank Corporation and M&T Bank, as well as Chairman of M&T Bank’s Directors Advisory Council – Rochester Division. We will remember his distinguished service to his country and to this company with gratitude.
William H. Harder was a former member of the board of M&T Bank. He had served as president of Buffalo Savings Bank. We will remember his dedication to the welfare of his native Buffalo and his service to the city on numerous charitable boards and fund drives. Buffalo will miss him greatly.
Raymond D. Stevens, Jr., was a former director of M&T Bank Corporation and a member of its executive committee, and a director of M&T Bank, and a member of both its executive, and trust and investment committees. He was the retired chairman of the board of Pratt & Lambert United, Inc. We recall his sound advice with appreciation. Mr. Stevens served as a director from 1963 until his retirement in 1998, the longest such tenure of service in M&T’s history.
Finally, this message would not be complete without noting the retirement, this past year, of M&T Executive Vice President for Human Resources Ray Logan. In his 17 years in that post, Ray helped shepherd a workforce which grew from 2,300 when he began to 14,000 at the time of his retirement. He played a key role in our recruitment and retention of top-quality employees and worked hard, and creatively, to ensure that, as the company grew, employees continued to feel that their voices were heard and their ideas taken seriously. It is a legacy
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
of which we will strive to be mindful.
Robert G. Wilmers
 February 18, 2004
17
