The company ended the year with $343 million of cash balances and $595 million of unutilized, readily-available commitments under its revolver credit and U.S. accounts receivable securitization facilities. Today, our Commercial Truck, Industrial and Aftermarket & Trailer businesses are the heart of a coordinated global enterprise with a strong pulse and a clear vision. Thanks to the commitment of our employees around the world, we executed our 2010 priorities and are now a more dynamic organization that is well-positioned for the future. I am proud to say we achieved profitable growth this fiscal year by successfully managing increasing global volumes, designing innovative products that offer our customers greater fuel efficiency and improving our position in the Asian markets with localized engineering and manufacturing. In addition, we are delivering on our commitment to complete the successful transformation of our company into a leading commercial vehicle and industrial supplier. We announced in August of this year that we reached an agreement to sell the Body Systems business to an affiliate of Inteva Products, LLC. We anticipate that this transaction will close prior to the end of the 2010 calendar year which will substantially complete the sale of our light vehicle business. In 2010, we received numerous awards from customers including:

Shareholders,
2010 was a comeback year for ArvinMeritor. Following the dramatic decline in volumes we experienced in 2009, we fundamentally changed how we ran our business. To address the market and industry-specific challenges, we focused on:  Managing cost  Transforming the business  Executing successfully as global markets recovered  Driving innovation and sustainable, profitable growth  Managing our balance sheet This year, we managed our operations more efficiently and invested in our core businesses. We capitalized on the increased demand and strengthening market fundamentals across our business units and geographic regions resulting in a 17-percent increase in revenue and a 42-percent increase in Adjusted EBITDA over 2009. And, we were able to generate meaningful positive cash flow in 2010 ­ evidence of our continued focus on world-class working capital management. We also completed a series of actions to enhance liquidity and strengthen our balance sheet including:  Extended the maturity date on our revolving credit facility to January 2014  Issued approximately 20 million shares of common stock resulting in approximately $200 million of net proceeds  Issued $250 million of unsecured notes due in 2018  Repurchased $192 million of notes due in 2012

 Masters of Quality awards from Daimler Trucks North America  Quality awards from Paccar  Diamond Supplier award from Navistar  Commercial Excellence award from MAN Latin America These recognitions from our customers underscore our drive to deliver high-performing products and services. We also continued to invest in technology to design highly-engineered solutions for products that will significantly improve fuel efficiency. We expect new government mandates in fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emissions to drive demand for these technologies. In North America, we launched the 14X axle, a premier example of our commitment to provide products that offer greater efficiency through optimized design and lighter weight components. And in Europe, we announced the Meritor LogixDriveTM concept ­ the industry's first intelligent axle system. We also reiterated our intent to significantly expand our global off-highway business, and subsequently launched two new axles for terminal tractor and all-terrain crane applications. And, to support the growing mobility needs of our defense customers, we introduced the Meritor ProTecTM series of high mobility independent suspensions (HMIS). We're pleased to have the opportunity to provide our Meritor ProTec for the BAE Caiman Multi-Terrain Vehicle that provides advanced protection, mobility and ride quality. During the course of this year, we proceeded with actions to significantly strengthen our presence in emerging markets. We initiated a $16 million investment to build a state-of-the-art technical center and manufacturing facility in Nanjing, China. This 32,000 square meter facility will give us the unique opportunity to design and engineer customized solutions for our on-highway customers in that region.

ArvinMeritor, Inc.

2010 Annual Report

For our off-highway customers, ArvinMeritor's joint venture, Xuzhou Meritor Axle Co. Limited (XMAL), plans to invest an additional $17.3 million to expand its manufacturing capability with an additional 26,000 square meters of capacity. These investments will facilitate expansion of our on-highway business in China, as well as the growth of our off-highway capabilities in the largest commercial vehicle market in the world. We are also making progress to expand our global Aftermarket presence by establishing distribution channels in China and India. In addition, we began a dedicated effort to advance our global foundation brake position supported by a planned investment of $42 million in our European capabilities. This investment is focused on five key areas:  Expansion of the successful ELSA air disc brake and S-Cam product lines  Development of future generation braking technologies  Vehicle and lab performance testing and validation  Best-in-class manufacturing technologies  Customer service and support And in South America, we initiated a $23 million investment to expand our housing, gearing and driveline capacity, as well as to build a new axle assembly plant to support a key customer's just-in-time axle supply strategy in Resende, Brazil. With respect to market recoveries, a significant increase in demand is anticipated in North American Class 8 volumes through 2012. The Class 8 fleet age is at an all-time high and truck utilization, as well as freight tonnage, is improving. Various indicators suggest that a recovery in the North American commercial vehicle market is well underway. In 2010, we increased our share of both medium duty and heavy duty axles with a major customer in North America, and extended our current foundation brake agreement for an additional six years. This agreement reflects customer confidence in the product solutions we're offering to ensure compliance with the anticipated stopping distance reductions required by NHTSA. European truck demand also continues to recover. For the full fiscal year, our European axle and brake production were up from 2009. We signed long-term supply agreements for brake components and axles with three major European manufacturers. Despite slow GDP growth and austerity measures across Europe, we expect the European truck market to strengthen over the next few quarters. The recovery in North America and Europe continues to drive Aftermarket and Trailer sales. The age of the North American fleet will drive demand for replacement parts as we see truck utilization rates increase. In our remanufacturing business, we are pleased to report that we significantly increased production of remanufactured brake shoes year-over-year while launching our Platinum Shield drum brake and doubled our volumes of remanufactured steering gears and hydraulic calipers. In South America, we achieved record production volumes, as well as record sales and EBITDA in 2010. Brazil continues to be a strong growth market for us ­ and the underlying fundamentals of its economy give us confidence that production opportunities will continue to grow. We expect the strength in the South American market to continue in 2011.

We are delivering on our commitment to complete the successful transformation of our company into a leading commercial vehicle and industrial supplier.
We're also encouraged by economic indicators in China and India. Off-highway construction equipment production is expected to remain strong as China embarks on its latest five-year plan to invest between one and two billion dollars on rural urbanization and transportation construction from 2011 to 2015. India's truck production has come back very strong with record levels forecast through 2012. Looking back on fiscal 2010, I'm pleased with what we accomplished. We controlled costs to transform ArvinMeritor into a leaner, more efficient company. We invested in our core businesses, while managing the upturn in our global markets. We made strategic investments; focused our innovation efforts on axles, suspensions and brakes; strengthened our position in emerging markets and further invested in our manufacturing and systems infrastructure ­ while each day remaining focused on sustainable, profitable growth. These accomplishments take us into 2011 with a solid base, a renewed sense of purpose, and a positive outlook for the future. With a clear vision to be the recognized leader in providing drivetrain, mobility, braking and aftermarket solutions to the global commercial vehicle and industrial markets, we remain committed to the following five priorities for 2011.  Achieve EBITDA margin targets and sustain momentum of cash flow conversion  Successfully execute as global markets recover  Drive innovation ­ accelerating new products and advanced fuel efficient technologies  Maintain focus on sustainable profitable growth  Continue to focus on strengthening the balance sheet Sincerely,

Charles G. "Chip" McClure Chairman, CEO and President December 3, 2010

ArvinMeritor, Inc.

2010 Annual Report

