management to achieve the level of performance we expect in terms of EBITDA margin targets and cash flow generation. As volumes escalated in the beginning of calendar year 2011, we quickly took actions to increase capacity by making the right manufacturing investments and Fiscal year 2011 was bringing new suppliers online to challenging in terms of driving support growing demand.

the business toward improved profitability while addressing steep volume increases globally in the commercial truck markets. Shareowners,
Fiscal year 2011 was challenging in terms of driving the business toward improved profitability while addressing steep volume increases globally in the commercial truck markets. We balanced meeting the needs of our customers during this timeframe with managing incremental costs inherent with the speed of the ramp-up we experienced across all major markets simultaneously. Sales in fiscal year 2011 were $4.6 billion, an increase of nearly $1.1 billion, or 31 percent year-over-year. The increase in revenue was driven primarily by the commercial truck segment, but sales were up in all segments. Commercial truck demand globally remained strong and we reported a 33-percent increase in Adjusted EBITDA for the entire company year-over-year. For fiscal year 2011, we identified five major priorities:  EBITDA margin targets and cash flow  Execution  Innovation  Sustainable and profitable growth  Strengthening our balance sheet During the economic recovery we experienced in fiscal year 2011, the team performed well and made significant progress in many areas. However, we recognize the need to improve our execution and cost

Our product innovation has been focused on efficiency. We now have a world class team that is focused on designing, manufacturing and delivering highly-engineered drivetrain and suspension systems that carry strong brand equity in the global markets and enhance our customers' products.

In Europe, we began production of our 18X rear axle where our customers are trending toward more powerful and larger trucks. Meritor's introduction of this rear axle demonstrates that high performance can also be economical. As part of our globalization efforts in product design and production, the 18X is part of several customer programs in South America as well. We launched production of the ProTec High Mobility Independent Suspension (HMIS) Series 50 for BAE's Caiman in November 2010. And, the ProTec Series 30 has now been designed for use on the U.S. Army's HMMWV Recapitalization program. In customizing the Meritor ProTec Series 30 for this vehicle, we focused on reducing issues experienced in the combat zone related to performance and durability associated with the current up-armored platforms. Relative to our braking business, the U.S. government's Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS) 121 mandate took effect in August of 2011 which called for a 30 percent reduced stopping distance requirement. To meet this new regulation with drum brakes, Meritor designed more powerful front brakes and highly effective rear axle brakes to deliver the new stopping distances. We shortened the stopping distance gap between drum and disc brakes while maintaining or improving brake life, and focused on daily driving characteristics as well as the more demanding performance required in an emergency stopping scenario. In September, we introduced two new products to our air ride trailer suspension systems family ­ the MTA25 and MTA30. Meritor's Trailing-Arm Air (or MTA) Suspension is designed to meet the needs of North America truck and trailer operators in various markets.

Meritor, Inc.
2 0 1 1 ANNUAL REPORT

And in terms of new technology, we recently launched Meritor Mobile which is now available for download through the Apple App store and iTunes. This App ­ which our North America sales team has been using since March ­ provides a detailed portfolio of Meritor's sales, maintenance and technical information and has transformed the way we interact with customers. We worked hard this year on meeting and exceeding the needs of our customers, and we received several recognitions that exemplify our focus on maintaining these relationships. We were honored with five PACCAR quality awards; five Master of Quality awards from Daimler Trucks North America and the Navistar Diamond Supplier award for 2010, in addition to the Qualitas award from the Fiat Group as a Best Performance Supplier in South America and the Quality Capacity Ramp Up award from Ashok Leyland in India. We also received the Excellence in Commercial Relationship award from MAN in South America for the second year in a row. And, our 14X tandem drive axle was recognized as one of the "Top 20 Products for 2010" by Heavy Duty Trucking Magazine. This year, we were also pleased to come together with several of our joint venture partners to celebrate the longevity and success of those relationships. We celebrated the 15th anniversary of our Xuzhou Meritor Automotive Ltd. off-highway axle joint venture with XCMG in China; the 25th anniversary of our Master Sistemas brake joint venture in South America with the Randon group; and the 30th anniversary of our Automotive Axles Ltd. partnership with the Kalyani Group in India, at which time we commemorated our one millionth axle produced in that region. With the company's transformation to a focused commercial vehicle and industrial supplier, we are making strategic investments across the company. This year, we upgraded equipment for our core manufacturing processes like axle forgings, housings and machining. And we made good progress with the expansion of our XMAL off-highway axle joint venture in Xuzhou, China, where we broke ground for the expansion of our manufacturing complex. We initiated our investment to be one of only three strategic suppliers in MAN's truck assembly plant in Resende, Brazil, and we announced new Aftermarket centers to expand our industry-leading distribution model to grow our business in global markets including Australia, Brazil, China, Germany and India. We continue to rationalize our operations in Europe which included the closure of our European trailer business in fiscal year 2011. Our strategy is clear. We will stay focused on those areas we know will result in the improvement we are looking for in terms of shareowner value.

We worked hard this year on meeting and exceeding the needs of our customers, and we received several recognitions that exemplify our focus on maintaining these relationships.
First, we will continue to execute our EBITDA margin enhancement strategies. Next, we will secure the necessary pricing to ensure we are receiving the appropriate value for our products. We will continue to execute our capital plan to reduce costs associated with supply chain constraints in the global markets. We will work with our customers on their requirements as we strive to exceed expectations in terms of design, innovation, manufacturing, quality and delivery. We will invest appropriately in new product development. And, as always, we will remain diligent on maintaining financial and balance sheet strength and flexibility. As a management team, we have focused the organization on those areas that will drive a higher level of performance. At the same time, we continue to identify opportunities to build the diversity, strength and talent of our global team. If the end customer markets remain relatively stable as forecasted, and the actions we outlined evolve as expected, we are confident that fiscal year 2012 will be a year of strong performance for Meritor.

Sincerely,

Charles G. "Chip" McClure Chairman, CEO and President Dec. 9, 2011

Meritor, Inc.
2011 ANNUAL REPORT

