LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Delivering on Our Strategies In 2004, we continued to deliver on our long-term strategies. Just as important, we delivered solid results. Our performance improved by virtually every measure. Sales grew 25% to $1.96 billion--our tenth consecutive year of record revenue. Despite sharp increases in material costs, for everything from steel to insulating foam, we achieved our earnings objectives. Net earnings were $39.1 million, or $1.43 per diluted share, compared to $3.5 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, in 2003. The equity markets recognized our solid financial performance and our prospects for growth. A public offering of approximately 3.0 million shares of our stock, at $36.25 per share, was highly successful. We made progress because we stuck with the core strategies--acquisitions, new-product development, and global expansion--that have guided us for more than a decade. And we continued to:

Increase crane sales and market penetration. In 2004, the North American lattice-boom crawler crane market--our historical market--remained depressed. But our acquisitions of Potain in 2001 and Grove in 2002 dramatically expanded our product lines and gave us leading positions in every key segment of the crane industry worldwide. As a result, our 2004 crane sales grew nearly 30%, to more than $1.2 billion. Meanwhile, we benefitted from the consolidation and rationalization of the business, which removed millions in costs, and improved operating margins. Uniting our three major brands in each of our three major geographic markets enables us to cross-sell our entire product line to all of our worldwide customers. Strengthen our foodservice business and build its market share. Innovative new products continue to help our foodservice business expand its leadership of the "cold side" of the foodservice industry. In 2004, a cool summer reduced demand, while rising material prices pressured margins and earnings. But the delivery of 50 new products increased our share of the foodservice equipment market in North America and around the world. The continued launch of new S-Series ice machines helped our single largest foodservice business grow at more than twice the rate of the industry as a whole.
Leverage the strength and capabilities of our multiple shipyards. Thanks to recent improvements at our four shipyards, our marine business delivered more new vessels in 2004 than at any time since World War II. Major commercial projects included the second of three Staten Island ferries, several double-hull petroleum barges, and an ocean-class tug. We began construction of a floating causeway for the U.S. Navy and continued building a new Great Lakes icebreaker for the U.S. Coast Guard. We also delivered the last of 30 Coast Guard buoy tenders--all completed on time and on budget.

Strengthen the company's financial structure. Along with growing our core businesses, we continued to improve our financial structure. In 2004, we reduced our net debt by $166 million using the proceeds from our equity offering and cash from operations. As a result, our net debt-to-capital ratio now stands at 44%.
Delivering on New Opportunities Over the past few years we have evolved from a largely North American organization into a diversified, truly global enterprise that enjoys tremendous opportunities going forward.
Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

We intend to make the most of them.

2

We'll continue to improve our operations. We're making Six Sigma practices a way of life across our businesses. The use of Lean manufacturing principles is helping us to improve service to customers, reduce inventory costs, and utilize our people and plants more productively. We're making better use of our combined purchasing power and developing new global sourcing strategies. We're also looking at redesigning products to reduce the amount of materials they require, and evaluating alternative materials and suppliers. The Crane Group will deliver on its promise of being a world leader in lifting solutions. There are signs that the North American market is coming back--our backlog is 54% higher than it was a year ago--but we're not waiting for it to happen. Instead, we'll continue to leverage our global strengths. We're using our North American manufacturing, distribution, and service infrastructure to expand the sale of Potain tower cranes. In Europe, we're relying on Potain's infrastructure to increase sales of our crawler cranes and all-terrain cranes. Alliances and other manufacturing partnerships are helping to expand our markets and our product lines. Crane CARE, our worldwide service and support business, will build on its 2004 achievements. We're the only Western-owned crane company to have a manufacturing plant in China. The new facility we are building there will help us keep pace with the dynamic growth throughout the Asia/Pacific region. Led by the growth of "fast casual" restaurants and the sale of replacement equipment, the North American foodservice market seems to be on the rise. We're ready to capitalize on it. We're developing the products our customers need to expand or change their menus. Other new products will lead us into segments of the "cold side" market that we haven't served previously. Ten years ago, we were the first foreign company to begin manufacturing ice machines in China. The new 190,000 square-foot ice machine plant that we are building there will begin operation in 2005. We'll extend our leadership of a market that, within a decade, is likely to consume more ice than the United States. The revitalization of the U.S. steel industry has brought increased shipments of iron ore and other materials on the Great Lakes, which in turn has increased the demand for our ship inspection and repair services. At the same time, we're actively bidding on new construction projects. We'll continue to benefit from laws requiring that all petroleum transported in U.S. waters be carried in double-hulled vessels by 2015. In 2005, as part a team led by Lockheed Martin, we'll begin construction of a prototype for an advanced Littoral Combat

Ship, designed to defend the country's interests in coastal waters, for the U.S. Navy. Delivering Growth Our priorities are to continue to generate cash, improve operating earnings, increase economic value through our commitment to EVA, and reduce our debt. With our netdebt-to-capital ratio significantly lower, we're positioned to more aggressively pursue new acquisitions with the primary focus on foodservice. We'll be guided by the same criteria we've applied in the past. We look for complementary companies that "bolt-on" to our current operations and fill voids in our product lines or geographic markets. We seek candidates that are market leaders, and we expect them to start adding to our economic value within three years, just as our recent crane acquisitions are on schedule to do in 2005. We will grow on a foundation of conscientious governance and experienced leadership. At December 31, 2004, we achieved compliance with the key reporting provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley corporate governance legislation. Although the effort was costly and time-consuming, it had relatively little impact on our daily operations, since strong controls were already in place. We'll continue Manitowoc's tradition of attracting, developing, and advancing talented people. Three new leadership development programs, including an Advanced Leadership Development Program for executive-level managers, help to build the skills needed to run a global company. And, we reward performance with greater responsibilities. In 2004, our treasurer, Carl Laurino, was elected senior vice president and chief financial officer. Maurice Jones, our vice president, general counsel, and secretary, became a senior vice president. Dean Nolden, an ALDP graduate who previously served as our corporate controller, was elected vice president of finance and controller. Over the past few years we have proven what we can accomplish in difficult conditions. Our strategies work. We have leading positions--and growing shares--in all of our major markets. Our operations continue to set new standards of quality and efficiency. We have the people, plans, and resources required to continue our progress-- and deliver even more for you in the years ahead.

Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

3

