Letter to Shareholders

Always Ready 2001 was a challenging year in many ways. Even though we faced difficult conditions in our end markets, we continued to build value. We increased our share in all of our major markets. Sales topped $1.1 billion, our seventh consecutive year of record revenues. And while net earnings fell to $45.5 million, or $1.86 per fully diluted share, they were still the fourth highest in our 100-year history. We generated more than $106 million in cash from operations, providing the capital required to implement our strategies and repay debt. Equally important, we added $19 million in economic value. Adapt Our ability to succeed, even in challenging times like these, rests on our ability to adapt, to innovate, and to grow. At the first signs of a slowdown, we updated and then put into practice profit assurance plans, designed to lower costs and help maintain our margins. We reduced discretionary spending. We increased the use of such cost-saving measures as consignment inventories, which allow us to pay suppliers for their products as we use them. We also took the difficult step of sizing our operations to meet current levels of demand. At the same time, we completed a number of strategic actions aimed at permanently removing costs. We rationalized our boom-truck product line and consolidated our boom-truck manufacturing operations at a single plant. The production of beverage-dispensing valves was consolidated at our main beverage equipment facility. Additional consolidations are underway. Innovate While we watched every dollar, and will continue to do so, we did not reduce our efforts when it came to research and development. Innovation, in our products and our operations, is the lifeblood of this company. In fact, over 80% of the products we sell today have either been invented, redesigned, or acquired since 1998. In 2001, we introduced or acquired more than 100 new products. As always, we emphasized the front end

of the development process. We spend a great deal of time listening to our customers, as well as to the distributors, specifiers, and users of our products, to identify their needs. We expend an equal amount of effort identifying the gaps in our product lines and developing products that help us enter new market categories. The result is products that succeed in the marketplace. One example is our new Model 555 lattice-boom crawler crane. Introduced at the end of 2001, the 555 is the first of our cranes that is designed to metric standards--and the global market. A number of unique benefits, including simplified maintenance and operation, make it the crane of choice to replace some two to three thousand existing cranes. We had orders for nearly a year's worth of 555 production before the first unit was built. That is just one "Our ability to succeed, even in challenging times like example of many. these, rests on our ability Others include new to adapt, to innovate, and foodservice products to grow." that meet the growing demand for improved sanitation and lower operating costs. A new line of Terry D. Growcock ice machines that President & Chief Executive Officer produce flake ice enables us to serve healthcare facilities, supermarkets, and other new customers. With their sophisticated electronics and propulsion systems, the ships we are launching are among the most advanced ever built. We continue to innovate inside our operations as well. In 2001, we finished converting all of our foodservice equipment manufacturing facilities to demand-flow systems that reduce floor space requirements and inventories of components, raw materials, and finished goods. New plate-cutting technology at our lattice-boom crane operation has helped drive down the time it takes to fabricate and assemble a crane to a matter of weeks. At our marine business, improved production methods have helped us deliver every one of 22 new Coast Guard vessels on budget and on schedule. Grow Innovative technology is vital to our growth. But we are not stopping there. The new products and 15 acquisitions we have made since 1995 have helped us generate $164 million in economic value for shareholders and improve our ability to weather downturns in our

4

as well as important marketing advantages, by integratmarkets. Our 2000 acquisition of Marinette Marine, for ing our worldwide crane operations and expanding our example, helped our marine business produce record combined global distribution network. Our ship consales and earnings in 2001, even though its traditional struction business has an impressive list of orders, and customers experienced a sharp drop in revenues. we are actively competing for other major projects. We made another important acquisition in 2001. When the economy does turn around, we will be At cash paid of $307 million, our purchase of Potain ready. Our diversification helps us manage risk and proCranes, which is based in France, is our single largest vides a broad platform for growth. The money we have acquisition ever. It fit our acquisition standards to a "T." invested in developing new products will build our marPotain's tower cranes complement our existing latticekets and our brands and put us even farther ahead of our boom cranes, nearly double the size of our crane marcompetition. Acquisitions add to our long-term economic ket, and give us the leading position in two of the three value. Global expansion opens new opportunities. Higher major segments of the global crane industry. Overnight, volumes, combined with low-cost production, will transwe dramatically increased our presence in global marlate into higher profits. We will benefit from the investkets, and with crane production facilities on three contiments we are making today, just as we are now benefiting nents, we can now reduce freight costs and make our from the expenditures products more comThe Pro Forma Impact of Potain made over the past petitive with those of several years. local manufacturers. Pre-Acquisition Sales Post-Acquisition Sales What's more, we Foodservice Cranes Foodservice Cranes have a 100-year traLooking Ahead 44% 36% 33% 52% dition of prevailing Aggressive cost conthrough challenging trols allied with innotimes. From the Wright vation, acquisition, brothers' first flight to and global expansion Marine Marine the moon landing and will help us make the 20% 15% beyond, few other most of a difficult enPre-Acquisition Earnings Post-Acquisition Earnings companies survived vironment. The chalFoodservice Cranes Foodservice Cranes more of the 20th cenlenges we face extend 47% 37% 39% 48% tury. Fewer still are as beyond a global receswell prepared to lead sion to a number of the way into the 21st. specific issues. Our core strategies Declines in tourism Marine Marine have proven themand travel, even before 16% 13% selves, through good the terrorist attacks of With the acquisition of Potain, Manitowoc's crane segment now times and bad. And September 11, have becomes our largest contributor of revenues and earnings. whether the products hurt hotels, restauare ice machines, walk-in refrigerators, cranes, or ships, rants, and our foodservice business. Crane utilization we are known for building the very best. It is a reputation and rental rates remain high, but a strong dollar has that has been earned one day at time, over many generhampered margins. The troubles faced by U.S. steel ations, by the thousands of people who have worked at manufacturers are echoing among the lake carriers Manitowoc. It is a tradition we can all be proud of. served by our marine operations. Now, the objective is to carry that tradition forward. Conditions will remain challenging in our centennial We will do it by emulating our largest Marine customer, year of 2002. Frankly, we expect little, if any, growth in the U.S. Coast Guard, whose motto is semper paratus, our end markets. But we do expect to continue to in"always ready." We will continue our tradition of leadercrease our value. We will once again launch a record ship by being always prepared, always ready to adapt to number of new products. Our efforts to manage and new conditions, to innovate, and to grow. A century of eliminate costs will help ensure the strongest possible progress is only the beginning. financial performance. We will gain additional savings,

Terry D. Growcock President & Chief Executive Officer
5

