The Right Moves We continued to make the right moves in 2000. Sales reached $873.3 million, which marked our sixth consecutive year of record revenues. Net earnings totaled $60.3 million, or $2.40 per fully diluted share. And, we created $35.4 million in economic value. In today's environment, many companies would be satisfied with results like ours. But frankly, we did not do as well as we expected. Rising interest rates and a number of other factors, which slowed activity in all three of our segments, kept us from reaching our financial goals. Although our net earnings were the second best in our 99-year history, they did not surpass those we reported in 1999. Our string of 19 straight quarters of record earnings growth came to an end in the third quarter. While our results are disappointing to us, we cannot change interest rates, oil prices, the weather, or Great Lakes water levels. And we will not change our strategies, because they work. Despite encountering obstacles in all three of our business segments, we maintained a strong performance. And the reason is our long-term strategies of innovation, acquisition, and global expansion. Innovation and Acquisition In 2000, we focused on innovation and acquisition. We invested nearly $100 million to acquire five companies: three foodservice businesses, a boom-truck manufacturer, and one of the largest shipyards on the Great Lakes. We introduced 46 new or improved products. Later in this report, the presidents from each of our business segments will review the recent innovations and acquisitions in their areas of responsibility. While their products and opportunities are diverse, our three segments share the same approach and some critical strengths.

Letter to Shareholders

Terry D. Growcock
Since 1995, acquisitions have more than doubled the size of our businesses. Fourteen acquisitions in the past six years have given us a broad base of experience in identifying the right candidates and integrating them into our operations. We look for complementary companies that "bolt-on" to our current operations and fill voids in our product lines or our geographic markets. We seek candidates that are market leaders, and we avoid troubled companies. Our standards are high: we expect acquisitions to contribute to our earnings within two years and to be EVA® positive within three. Many acquisitions, and our purchase of the remaining third of our Chinese joint venture, have helped build Manitowoc's presence in international markets. We take an equally systematic approach to innovation. When Thomas Edison opened the world's first industrial research lab, he promised to turn out "a minor invention every ten days and a big thing every six months or so." We are coming close to that pace. Nearly 60% of the products we now sell have been acquired or introduced within the last three years. In 2000, SerVend, our largest beverage-equipment company, broadened its market reach by introducing a line of counter-electric beverage dispensers. Manitowoc Ice launched a number of new ice machines, including a series of ice flakers and the Series 800 IB ice/beverage dispenser, which leverages our patented Cool Vapor Defrost® technology introduced in 1999. And with over 80 units sold, our new Model 999 lattice-boom crane became the most successful new-product launch in the 75-year history of our large-crane subsidiary. Made for the Marketplace Our products succeed in the marketplace because they are designed for the marketplace. Close, carefully managed relationships with dealers, distributors, specifiers, and end users help us identify their needs, not only for products, but for the service and support that is critical to their profitable operations. We are equally innovative inside our operations. In 2000, we made more than $13 million in capital investments to improve our ability to serve our customers, reduce costs and cycle times, and boost productivity. The conversion of our main ice-machine production facility to demand flow technology allows us to build the products that were ordered yesterday, today--and to substantially eliminate excess inventory. A number of improvements in our crane operations, including robotic welding equipment and a new paint system, are driving down the time it takes to assemble a crane to just a few weeks.
4

Such advances are fueled by our strong cash flow. Growing revenues, increased economies and efficiencies of scale, rising productivity, and sales per employee in excess of $235,000 (excluding Marinette Marine) all contribute to our ability to generate cash. In 2000, we generated $63 million in cash from operations. This enabled us to fund our acquisitions and innovations as well as repurchase 1.9 million shares of our stock--a signal of our confidence in the company. What's more, we are building our value without endangering the health of our balance sheet. Even though our debt-to-capital ratio rose to 48.4%, barring additional acquisitions or stock repurchases, we could return to a 30% ratio by the end of 2001. We have the financial, technological, and human resources to build our positions in our markets. In 2000, we welcomed two new members to our board of directors--Daniel W. Duval and James L. Packard. In early 2001, we welcomed another new member--Virgis W. Colbert. Like most of their fellow directors, Dan, Jim, and Virgis are current or former CEOs, or senior executives of publicly traded companies. We're pleased to gain their insights and guidance as this trio expands our board to nine members and fills the vacancies of Guido Rahr and George McCoy, who retired during the year. Both Guido and George had long and distinguished tenures on our board and helped us weather the difficult years of the 1980s. Everyone who cares about Manitowoc owes them their heartfelt thanks. They certainly have mine. I will never forget their stewardship of the company or their impact on its performance-- now and tomorrow. The Months Ahead The months ahead will be challenging, but we still expect to achieve the goals outlined in our Vision 2002. Although we foresee minimal growth in the U.S. foodservice industry as a whole, new products and our ability to offer increasingly comprehensive solutions will help us enter new segments and expand our market shares.

Our long-term strategies of innovation, acquisition, and global expansion are driving today's performance--and tomorrow's growth.
Our crane business is likely to continue to suffer from a slowdown in demand for smaller cranes and the impact of a strong dollar, unless the Federal Reserve is successful in spurring the economy. On the positive side, we expect to benefit from rising energy prices, which are increasing the demand for cranes across nearly every segment of the industry. The consolidation of our boom-truck companies under the Manitowoc name will help us build our brand. Meanwhile, Marinette Marine is expected to begin contributing to our earnings in its first year as a Manitowoc company. We will combine two of the finest marine operations on the Great Lakes into a single $160-million leader that can compete successfully for commercial and government projects on the Great Lakes and beyond. We will keep one eye on the road map and one eye on the road. While our core strategies will not change, we will continually refine and adjust our operations to meet new conditions and increase our profitability. Recent productivity improvements will begin to pay off in lower costs and higher margins. We will continue to use our cash to build our value through additional innovations and acquisitions. In both Foodservice and Cranes, international expansion will be a priority. We are doing what we need to do to lead change, to profit from it, and to build our value--just as we have throughout much of our history. As we prepare to celebrate our centennial year in 2002, we can take pride in nearing a milestone reached by few companies. We will follow the road we are on today, through all the twists and turns found in competitive, global markets. Ahead lies a second century of progress and growth.

Terry D. Growcock President & Chief Executive Officer

5

