LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

We performed well in 2005. And it didn't happen by chance.

The Manitowoc Company performed well in 2005. Just as we planned. We continued to set new standards of performance. Sales grew 22% to $2.3 billion, our eleventh consecutive year of record revenues. Net earnings increased an impressive 50%, to $65.8 million, or $2.14 per diluted share. We generated more than $20 million in Economic Value-Added (EVA®). Once again, our success was the result of the three growth strategies -- acquisitions, product innovation, and global expansion -- that have guided us for more than a decade. Acquisitions have brought us leading positions in larger, more diverse markets. We have capitalized on multiple opportunities to rationalize our businesses and consolidate our industries. Unifying our operations and brands has enabled us to deliver single-source solutions to global customers. Innovation has increased our sales and market shares by giving customers compelling reasons to buy our products. By anticipating their changing needs, such as the growing demand for energy-efficient products, we are helping our customers improve their productivity, efficiency, and performance. International expansion has dramatically increased the size of our markets and has cushioned us from cyclical downturns in any single region. We have found intriguing opportunities around the world, especially in developing countries, where infrastructure development and the rise of new consumer cultures create strong demand for our crane and foodservice products. Said, Done. All three strategies continued to prove their value in 2005.
Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

As the North American crawler crane market began its longawaited recovery in 2005, our Crane Group achieved outstanding performance worldwide. We continued to harness the power of our global capabilities by launching roughterrain crane production at our tower crane facility in Italy. To replace an aging facility in China, we invested in a new 500,000 square-foot crane manufacturing facility in Zhangjiagang, China, which will open in early 2006. Our Foodservice Group continued to combine market share gains with world-class operating performance. The 25 new products it launched during 2005 included a flaked ice dispenser for the health care market and a residential ice machine. By divesting our DRI contract-manufacturing business, we can focus our resources on leveraging our core brands of ice machines, beverage dispensers, and commercial refrigeration systems. The opening of a new 190,000 square-foot manufacturing facility in Hangzhou underscores our commitment to the expanding China foodservice market. In 2005, we also began reengineering our Marine Group to restore its profitability. Complementing this key initiative, we have garnered several new projects, including a prototype Littoral Combat Ship for the U.S. Navy and six double-hull tank barges. Collectively, these projects represent a backlog of work that extends into 2008. We have done what we said we would do. In the space of a decade, acquisitions, innovation, and global expansion have produced a seven-fold increase in our revenues, transformed us into a global corporation, given us leading market-share positions, and added $1.2 billion in market capitalization. That's just the start. We expect to find many new opportunities in 2006, and beyond. In the United States, the crane market is entering an up-cycle that is expected to last through much of this decade. New highway and energy legislation, coupled with increased utilization rates, will help fuel this demand. While America's foodservice markets will continue to experience relatively modest growth, global demand for foodservice products will grow at a much faster pace. We will continue to increase our share of the market, expand into new niches, and acquire other companies in the "cold side" of the industry. Our new crane and foodservice facilities in

2

China will facilitate our participation in that country's unprecedented development. Meanwhile, our shipyards have a number of new orders, and we are optimistic about our prospects for winning several large multi-year projects. A New Vision To capitalize on these opportunities and to leverage our strengths, we have developed a new set of strategic imperatives -- our Vision 2010. Accordingly, we're pursuing six key areas of focus:

hundred Manitowoc employees have already completed formal Six Sigma training. Six Sigma tools, along with lean manufacturing and demand-flow initiatives, are creating process and product improvements that are increasing our bottom-line results.

Growth -- Our first priority is profitable, value-adding growth. We will seek global market leadership in both our Crane and Foodservice businesses, while scaling our Marine business to meet the demands of the marketplace. We'll grow by continuing to focus on strategic acquisitions, new product innovation, and global expansion. Innovation -- We will deliver extraordinary value to our customers by enhancing every step of the value stream from product planning through post-sale service. We will pursue new and innovative products, processes, and services that enhance our customers' businesses and the value of our brands. Customer focus -- Each one of our businesses is organized around its customers, and each is working to become the preferred supplier in its industry. We will pursue this by being easy to do business with. The completion of a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system in 2007 at our Foodservice segment should dramatically improve our ability to cross-sell our products, boost operational efficiency, and reduce expenses. Excellence in operations -- To become a world-leading company, we must enhance our world-class manufacturing and business processes. Six Sigma practices are being institutionalized across all of our business units, and several

People and organizational development -- We will attract, engage, and develop the talent to lead and manage a global business. Multi-tiered, global leadership development programs help assure qualified leadership at every level, from the production line to our corporate offices. New educational programs will help our increasingly global workforce respond to new opportunities and add to their skills. We will continue to blend homegrown and outside talent. Our corporate values -- integrity, commitment to stakeholders, and passion for excellence -- support our commitment to build and sustain a culture that complements our outstanding products and services. Value creation -- Profitable growth will generate year-overyear improvements in our economic value. We will continue to use Economic Value-Added principles to guide our business decisions, to evaluate our investments, and to achieve the most efficient use of our capital.
We are excited about our prospects for the years ahead. We understand -- and lead -- our markets. Our production facilities and processes are among the best in their respective industries, and are continually getting better. Our new strategic imperatives provide a clear direction forward. Our goal is to build the value of our business, and to do exactly what we say we'll do.

Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

A Growing Global Presence Manitowoc has 37 manufacturing and service facilities located in 14 countries.

Cranes and Related Products Foodservice Equipment Marine Operations

3

