                  Letter to Shareholders
Manitowoc’s solid performance in 2013 reflects a disciplined approach to driv- ing intelligent growth. We’re applying consistent strategies, business process- es and values across the enterprise to create sustainable shareholder value.
 Fellow Shareholders:
Driving Intelligent Growth
 As I write this letter, the 2014 Winter Olympics have just concluded, and I can’t help but notice parallels between Manitowoc’s journey and that of an Olympic athlete.
Like elite athletes, Manitowoc is smart about where and how we focus our energies, to ensure our efforts will move us toward our goals. Our strategy has always centered on unlocking the value embedded in our global platforms, and ultimately, maximizing long-term share- holder value. The combination of our two businesses brings numerous benefits, most notably reduced earnings volatility, which allows us to consistently invest over-the-cycle; operational synergies such as increased purchasing/procurement
We both have a clear vision: to be the
best in the world. And we understand
what that takes—discipline, hard work,
resiliency, teamwork, talent, making
smart choices every day about how we
spend our time and energy so that we can
beat our competitors when and where it
matters. We strive every day to fulfill our potential, and meet the hopes and expectations of all those who have invested in our success.
Our actions through the recession mirror those of an elite athlete who has experienced a setback. We have refocused our energy on the things we can control. As a result, we have become stronger, leaner, and more hungry than ever to reach the top of the podium. As we look at both internal and external scoreboards for 2013, it’s clear that our efforts are paying off on many fronts. We maintained our momen-
tum by improving profitability, enhancing our balance sheet, and positioning the company
for its next phase of growth. We drove margin improvement as our investments to upgrade and rationalize our global manufacturing foot- print materialized. In addition, we implemented various cross-segment process improvements, while maintaining our commitment to innovation. Despite challenges in the global marketplace, we demonstrated our ability to navigate the macro environment, while making strategic investments in growth. This was instrumental to our improv- ing performance. Specifically, in 2013, we:
• Recorded net sales of $4.0 billion;
• Produced $189 million in earnings from con- tinuing operations, or $1.05 per fully diluted
share on a GAAP basis and $1.45 after
adjustments for special items;
• Generated $323 million in cash from
operations.
$3.00 B
$2.25 B
$1.50 B
$0.75 B
$0B
savings; and the ability to leverage resources, common process- es, and discipline across both segments. We actively capitalize on these opportunities, giving us a competitive advantage over other industry players.
In 2013, we made great strides in further enhancing our com- petitive positions within the marketplace and demonstrated improving financial results. However, we know there is more work to be done to truly realize the value of these market- leading businesses. As we look to the future, we are committed
to driving our operational excellence, innova- tion, customer intimacy, talent management, and financial discipline initiatives deeper throughout the organization to extend our lead- ership positions in both our Crane and Foodser- vice segments.
Operational Excellence. At Manitowoc, both businesses focused intently on their manufac- turing operating systems, working together
to pursue a common slate of performance im-
provement goals. As these practices take root,
Glen E. Tellock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Debt & Leverage Reduction
 Manitowoc has repaid nearly $1.5 billion of debt since making the Enodis acquisition. As a result, the company’s total leverage metric now stands at 3.6 times debt-to-EBITDA.
   Debt
7.00X
5.25X
3.50X
1.75X
  0X
Leverage
  3.00
margins, less waste, shorter production lead
times, higher on-time delivery scores, plus
 7.00
 Manitowoc is realizing lower costs, improved
    2.25
5.25
  enhanced quality and customer satisfaction results.
1.50 3.50
In 2013, we refined our global manufacturing footprint for efficient growth. In Mexico, we
        completed construction of a new Foodservice manufacturing facility in Monterrey and
0.00 0.00
0.75 1.75
     11/7 12/31 2008 2013
6/30 12/31 2010 2013
 2
Debt and Leverage Reduction
$1.54B
3.6X
$2.94B
6.8X

                 consolidated certain bever- age equipment production to an existing facility in Tijuana. We also combined our U.S.-based ovens facili- ties to a site in Cleveland, Ohio, and announced plans to build grills for the Asian market from an existing site in China. In Cranes,
we developed a shared
services platform in France
to efficiently support crane
manufacturing in mul-
tiple locations. We have
also accelerated our Lean
initiatives across all of our
European crane operations
to boost our manufactur-
ing efficiency, along with
streamlining our procurement and supply chain functions.
Customer Intimacy. A key differentiator for Manitowoc has been our focus on the customer, whether through our global footprint, new product innovation, or aftermarket support.
As such, we have established “Centers of Excellence” for both businesses, organized around functional areas to drive quality and innovation, while emphasizing standardization, serviceability, and commonality between products. These centers also encourage the kind of cross-enterprise collabo- ration that is occurring in New Port Richey, Florida, where
we are jointly developing and testing new control systems
for both Cranes and Foodservice. The quality initiatives we now undertake as part of our routine R&D efforts not only enhance our product designs, but also ensure that our products last longer and perform reliably throughout their life cycle. This focus on innovation, reliability, and product quality resonates exceptionally well with our customer base.
Innovation Engine. As in elite sports, the competitive landscape is always chang- ing. There are new venues in which to compete, new technologies to pursue, and new records to set. During the recent global recession, Manitowoc continued to invest in game-changing products designed by our talented employees that have earned industry-wide recognition. In 2013, we in- troduced 52 new products, which included technology- enhanced additions across the enterprise.
Manitowoc Foodservice had many successes during 2013, including the rollout of our in-
novative Multiplex blend-in-cup offering in Europe and new line of KoolAire ice machines. Other new products included the NEO undercounter ice-making and storage solution, new hot-holding technology that allows customers to hold hot food longer with- out compromising taste or food quality, and a dual-sided grill engineered to meet the precise menu requirements of a growing restaurant chain. In 2013 Manitowoc Foodservice brands led the industry in best-in-class awards. In the Foodservice Equipment & Supplies magazine annual survey, five brands—Cleveland, Delfield, Frymaster, Lincoln, and Manitowoc Ice—won in a total of seven categories.
During the Bauma trade show in April 2013, we introduced ten new cranes and launched three new technologies, including a new collision-avoidance solution for cranes, a comprehensive crane monitoring and data tracking system, and our Common Control System technology, which provides an identical control
 The Grove GMK6400 offers the strongest lift capacities in the six-axle, all-terrain class. The seven-section, 197-foot main boom delivers a 450 US-ton capacity and is complemented by a patented MegaDrive carrier that combines a traditional transmission with hydrostatic drives to provide exceptional maneuverability and true highway speed mobility.
   Aftermarket Emphasis.
We also continue to invest in our global aftermarket product support business. Manitowoc Crane Care is already a key differentiator for us. In early 2014, we built upon this competitive advantage by launching KitchenCareT,M anaftermar- ket support and solutions business in Foodservice that will improve customer loyalty and further expand our aftermarket revenue stream.
New Merco hot-holding technology gives foodservice operators the flex- ibility to hold hot food longer without compromising taste or food quality.
Industry-leading induction technology from Garland and innovative acceler- ated cooking ovens from Merrychef provide the speed, food quality, and energy efficiency demanded by today’s high-performance kitchens.
interface across our crawler, tower, and mobile platforms.
Talent Management. En- lightened talent manage- ment creates meaningful career opportunities for Manitowoc employees— and helps us maintain a competitive edge. We con- tinue to employ our Career Center, an enterprise-wide system focused on three critical functions: consis- tent performance measure- ment and management, analytics-based succession planning, plus flexible learning and development.
   3

                  We assess our global tal- ent base to ensure that our enterprise has the people and skill sets at critical positions to support our growth. Our objective to offer development for a broader range of employ- ees inspired a new training concept for Manitowoc University that will debut in 2014. This innovative model combines cen-
trally managed leadership modules with skills-based courses delivered by spe- cially trained and certified Manitowoc employees at local training centers.
Manitowoc’s award-winning NEO undercounter ice machine is a self-contained ice-making and storage solution that offers unrivaled performance, diagnostics, and convenience for small-volume applications including coffee shops, stadium suites, offices, and residential applications.
driving meaningful margin expansion, while remaining nimble to respond to shifts in global demand.
At Manitowoc, we will further streamline our costs of manufacturing and continue deploying the Manitowoc Operat- ing System globally to enhance our operational efficiencies. Our commit- ment to innovation is regularly on display at major trade shows where we introduce new prod- ucts and technologies to the global market that we believe will significantly our equipment.
   Financial Discipline. Our ability to successfully navigate today’s challenging global markets is highly dependent on our financial strength and flexibility. To that end, we took important steps during 2013 to increase our margins, strengthen our balance sheet, and manage Manitowoc for intelligent growth. Year-long manufacturing initiatives in both businesses positively im- pacted margins, as Manitowoc’s consolidated operating margin increased by 140 basis points to 9.0%. We also increased our EVA momentum as full-year EVA® improved 26% in 2013.
To strengthen our balance sheet, we paid down $258 million
in debt, bringing total debt reduction since 2008 to nearly $1.5 billion. In addition, we closed a new senior credit facility that, com- bined with lower interest ex-
pense from a high-yield bond
redemption, should result in
interest savings of approxi-
mately $20 million in 2014.
These actions demonstrate
our commitment to prudent
fiscal management and our
ongoing focus on maintain-
ing financial flexibility.
change the way our customers use
   2T014 Outlook
oday, Manitowoc operates as a global, integrated company whose employees identify proudly with the Manitowoc brand. Our strategic initiatives have enabled us to balance our investments between long-term growth and
For both segments in 2014 we will realign the organization to better underscore our customer focus, pursue greater economies of scale, and intensify our new product develop- ment efforts. We will also pursue growth initiatives in our aftermarket services, which will improve our customer loyalty and also develop new revenue streams. Quite simply, we will focus on those initiatives we can control while we navigate through a difficult economy.
I want to thank our customers and shareholders for their contin- ued enthusiasm and support for our drive to be the best in the world. And I want to thank
our employees for their dedication and drive to achieve our organizational goals—they are truly elite in their fields. We’re all part of the Manitowoc team. We enter 2014 with optimism to reach even higher, faster, and stronger to Build Something Real—our undisputed place at the top of the podium.
Sincerely,
Glen E. Tellock Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Potain tower cranes are frequent choices for commercial construction applications such as this high-rise project being built for a major financial institution in Paris, France.
Manitowoc launched its patented Vari- able Position Counterweight technology on two new crawler cranes that recently premiered at the CONExPO trade show. The VPC automatically adjusts the crane’s counterweight in response to the weight and boom angle of each lift. VPC-equipped cranes provide several key benefits including reduced ground preparation, lower ground-bearing pressure, and lower operating costs.
 4
