 4
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, The past year was one of great change and great challenge at The Manitowoc Company. With the spin-off of Manitowoc Foodservice (now renamed to Welbilt Inc.), 2016 marked our inaugural year as a stand-alone
crane company. With this transformation and my appointment as CEO, we established a framework to re-establish operational excellence, improve financial performance and return to growth, all guided by principles of The Manitowoc Way, which defines our new corporate culture.
The Manitowoc Way encompasses our values, behaviors and strategies. At our core, we strive to serve our three stakeholders – customers, shareholders and employees – by driving a culture of continuous improvement across the entire organization every day through greater innovation and velocity.
During my first 12 months, we have made significant progress toward becoming a much stronger and better company. I am extremely proud and encouraged by how the organization has embraced the philosophy of The Manitowoc Way. In spite of the unprecedented global headwinds in the Crane industry, our team is fighting each and every day to get a little bit better and putting our customers first. In this letter, I will first review our 2016 financial results, our progress in implementing
The Manitowoc Way, and close with our outlook for 2017 and beyond.
2016 Financial Results
infrastructure investments in the U.S., the core dynamics of the crane business (rental rates, used equipment prices and utilization) have not yet started to recover.
Although not all of the hard work that our team put into our transformation showed up on this year’s bottom line, I am proud of the progress we made
in 2016 and very confident that this start will drive improved profitable results in the future.
Our operationally focused leadership team spearheaded the charge to reduce our inventory this year, delivering an inventory reduction of over
$100 million in the fourth quarter, which allowed us to fully repay all borrowings under our Asset Based Revolver and end the year with $70 million in cash.
Unleashing the Power of The Manitowoc Way
While we remain in the early stages of our cultural and business transformation, I am proud of the progress our team has made. Ultimately, our success relies on our ability to deliver value to our customers, improve profitability, strengthen our balance sheet and position the company for its next phase of growth.
To do so, we have identified four key priorities: Margin Expansion, Innovation, Growth and Velocity.
COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE FIVE-YEAR TOTAL RETURN
  (DOLLARS)
THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC. S&P 500 INDEX
S&P 600 INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY
   Difficult macroeconomic conditions persisted in 2016, with overall crane demand moderating but continuing at the trough. While we saw growth in certain products, particularly Tower cranes, the Mobile crane products experienced continued soft and historically low demand levels.
This was reflected in our net sales, which decreased 13.5 percent in 2016, led by weaker demand in the Americas and Middle East regions for Mobile cranes. While we are cautiously optimistic regarding potential
300
200 100
0
        2011 2012
2013 2014
2015 2016
 
     OUR FOUR
STRATEGIC
PRIORITIES MARGIN EXPANSION INNOVATION
Margin Expansion
In 2016, we took steps to rationalize our manufacturing capacity and adjusted our build schedule to more appropriately align with current demand levels. We relocated three plants and sold a fourth, which is expected to save us $25 to $30 million per year. We continue to assess the overall headcount of the business and ended 2016 with slightly under 5,000 employees, down approximately 1,500 from the end of 2015.
As part of our restructuring, we are now organized to become closer to the customer market, and drive faster decision making. As a result, we are a more responsive company and better able to provide customers with the products they need and the service they will value.
Innovation
In spite of the recessionary-like environment in our industry, we continue to invest in new product development. Most important, we incorporated the Voice of the Customer into our process, and geared our product development efforts toward improving the value of cranes for our customers with differentiating, value-added features.
In 2016, we introduced 17 new cranes, including eight Mobile and nine Tower cranes, each providing excellent value to our customers. Standardizing our components throughout our entire portfolio, including our Crane Control System (CCS) operating system, has been a major focus to simplify operation and ease the burden of training for our customers. For example, in refreshing our self-erecting crane line, we took the functionality and lifting range of six Tower cranes and reduced them to two, with 70 percent of the parts
common to both.
GROWTH VELOCITY
Growth
Our innovative products were well accepted
by customers and drove market share gains in
2016 despite a weak economic backdrop. Our investments in quality and reliability improvements were also an important contributing factor. We made a commitment in 2016 to transform our design and engineering systems to ensure all
our products meet the design and operational expectations of our customers before they leave the plant. This is a cultural shift for our organization, but we are already seeing the benefits in the eyes
of our customers.
We are also pursuing opportunities to drive growth in a down market. These include developing
unique products for the military such as the rugged All-terrain crane for the U.S. Army and growing our aftermarket business. Our Crane Care aftermarket business is especially attractive to us as aftermarket sales tend to be higher margin, less cyclical and differentiates us in the market.
Velocity
Velocity is about moving quickly with direction and purpose as an organization. We need to be flexible enough to respond quickly when market conditions demand it.
5
  $700 $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
$-
WORKING CAPITAL
2014 2015 2016
            
 6
Velocity is at the core of The Manitowoc Way, and significant opportunity remains to drive productivity and process improvement throughout the organization. Our revised reporting structure is driving accountability at every level of the organization, and each one of our employees is making the company a little bit better every day. We will be able to react more quickly to our customers’ changing needs, which will position the company for success when demand returns.
We also made significant progress in implementing Lean processes throughout the organization. For example, through changing the layout of the Shady Grove facility, we were able to free the space required for the relocation of the Manitowoc operations. In Niella Tanaro, Italy, we are manufacturing more
cranes in 53 percent less space. In 2016, we introduced advanced technology, including automation and robotics, to several of our facilities and as manual assembly operations become completely autonomous, we will gain significant flexibility in both our operations and our cost structure. We are also pursuing opportunities to improve our procurement strategies, reduce our working capital and ultimately further consolidate our manufacturing footprint.
Looking Forward
While we do not expect end markets to improve in 2017, we are managing the cycle by attacking costs, pursuing opportunities to grow and positioning ourselves for profitable growth when demand returns.
Our commitment to The Manitowoc Way will drive steady progress with our strategic priorities. We are already starting to see the benefits from the changes we have implemented thus far in terms of becoming more responsive, more flexible and more cost effective in our manufacturing operations.
Our chief long-term financial goal is to achieve
“10 by 20,” that is, a 10 percent adjusted operating margin by 2020, which includes improving the adjusted operating margin by at least 150 basis points every year. We are already beginning to experience the benefits from the structural changes we implemented in 2016, which lay the groundwork for future improvements.
R&D / NET SALES
2014 2015 2016
Conclusion
In conclusion, as Manitowoc prepares to celebrate
its 115th year of operation, I believe the company has never been better positioned. We are accelerating new product development while improving the quality and value proposition for our customers. We are enhancing our market position and expanding our share. We have reduced our global manufacturing footprint
by 26 percent and our headcount by 23 percent. Rolling out various Lean initiatives have improved our productivity and efficiency dramatically, while making us significantly more flexible. And the organization is embracing our new culture.
Our success would not be possible without the hard work and dedication of our employees whom I would like to personally thank. I would also like to thank our board of directors and our investors for their patience and support during our transition.
Our future remains unquestionably bright, and I am confident our journey is positioning us to be a more responsive, resilient and profitable company.
Barry L. Pennypacker
President and Chief Executive Officer March 2017
 3.5% 3.0% 2.5% 2.0% 1.5% 1.0% 0.5%
0%
             