Global Reports LLC
To our shareholders, customers and employees
At a time of great uncertainty about
the health of the global economy, MWV remains on sound financial footing – and is confidently pursuing opportunities to strengthen our position as a global leader in packaging and packaging solutions.
Over the course of the past year, as markets were shaken by a worldwide recession, we were ready with decisive actions to ensure our company’s future. We fortified our already strong financial position. We took steps to improve our performance in targeted packaging and related markets. And we accelerated cost- saving measures already underway. As a result, we believe we are on solid ground today – and are in a good position to capitalize on the next growth opportunity or endure the next chapter in a protracted economic downturn. No matter what challenges or opportunities exist around the corner, we’re ready for what’s next.
 John A. Luke, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
MWV 2008 Annual Report I

“We took a number
of proactive steps
to ensure that
we endure this difficult period and deliver significantly improved returns when the global economy recovers.”
By exiting commoditized businesses
and focusing on growing global packag- ing markets, MWV is built to withstand
a certain amount of cyclical economic pressure. However, our businesses are not immune to the kinds of changes in consumer spending that we have seen recently – and that are likely to continue in the months ahead. Across the board, the economic crisis impacted our oper- ating results in 2008. Demand was weaker in many markets. Input costs remained
at historically high levels. And MWV’s profitability was affected along with the rest of our industry and the broader global economy.
While our results in 2008 were below what we anticipated a year ago, we took
a number of proactive steps to ensure that we endure this difficult period and deliver significantly improved returns when the global economy recovers.
Sound Footing
Recognizing that future growth depends on our ability to successfully manage through these tough conditions, we strengthened our liquidity and financial position by focusing intently on working capital and cash management initiatives. Cash flow from operations last year totaled more than $360 million, and we ended 2008 with about $550 million in cash on our already strong balance sheet. Along with our over-funded pension plans and outstanding liquidity, our financial position is among the strongest in
our industry.
We are capitalizing on this financial strength by aggressively targeting the most profitable opportunities in our global packaging markets. Despite the difficulties we faced in the external operating envi- ronment last year, MWV outperformed the competition in many markets and gained share with key products.
Overall sales increased by 4 percent in 2008, including solid demand for our bleached paperboard, beverage pack- aging, healthcare packaging solutions, personal care dispensers and specialty performance chemicals. We also increased sales in emerging markets (13% growth rate) and sales of innovative products launched in the past three years (13%
of total sales) – including Natralock® and Shellpak®.
Solid Ground
During a year when some companies struggled just to survive, MWV sustained and nurtured our focused strategy to win
in the marketplace as a global leader in packaging solutions. We enhanced our competitive position, added to our suite of capabilities, and refined our participation in markets we’ve targeted for substantial long-term global growth.
For instance, we assembled all our packaging commercial resources into market-focused teams for Healthcare, Personal & Beauty Care, Beverage, Food, Tobacco, and Home & Garden. Each of these commercial teams – or Strategic Business Units – is responsible for product development, marketing strategies, sales success and customer service. This new commercial organization is simplifying
our relationships with customers – and enhancing our ability to provide them with a full suite of packaging solutions.
The market-based structure of our Strategic Business Units will help MWV maintain and build market share by developing the products, solutions and services our customers need and demand. We have an exceptional group of leaders for each Strategic Business Unit, including two new members of the team who joined MWV last year from careers in packaging
II MWV 2008 Annual Report Global Reports LLC

“During a year when some companies struggled just
to survive, MWV sustained and nurtured our focused strategy to win in the marketplace as
a global leader in packaging solutions.”
and consumer products: Dr. Ted Lithgow (Healthcare) and Mr. Thomas Jonas (Personal & Beauty Care and Home & Garden). Their expertise, added to that
of our existing team, will accelerate the progress of our packaging business under this new structure.
In addition to aligning our internal resources for additional growth in our markets,
we used our financial strength to pick up new business by acquiring customers and select assets from competitors.
We purchased packaging machinery and other assets from Oracle Packaging and Continental AFA to increase our leadership positions in the North American beverage and home and garden markets respectively, including new business with customers such as Pepsi and Clorox. We also jointly acquired International Laboratories, Inc. with India-based Bilcare Ltd. to strengthen our position in the global healthcare market. The result will be a highly efficient supply chain for low-cost branded and generic drugs – including our Shellpak® product that is prominently featured as part of Wal*Mart’s landmark $4 prescrip- tion program.
We’re also continuing to expand success- ful elements of our existing business
to emerging markets. For instance, we recently purchased a controlling interest in an Indian corrugated box manufacturer, Wadco Packaging Pvt. Ltd., that will give us local capabilities to replicate our Brazilian agri-packaging business in India. Our packaging solution will help improve the efficiency of the local agricultural economy – where as much as 40 percent of fresh produce is damaged or spoiled before reaching the marketplace. And in our Specialty Chemicals business, we
continue to build a global footprint for our performance chemicals and carbon solutions, including a new joint-venture
in Brazil and additional manufacturing capabilities in China. We’re also rapidly expanding our asphalt business, including Evotherm, as road infrastructure projects are added at a record pace in places like India and China.
Strong Future
As we continue to build momentum at MWV, we are taking steps to prepare for further progress and prosperity in the future. As always, we are managing through the current economic challenges in a way that sharpens our business model for the long-term. We are commit- ted, not just to getting through the tough times ahead, but also to improving our performance and enhancing the strategies we’ve already developed to win in the marketplace and gain share in targeted global packaging markets.
We have implemented a series of broad actions to reduce our overhead costs and restructure our manufacturing footprint. This is part of a strategic cost manage- ment plan we initiated in 2008 to save
up to $300 million on a run-rate basis by 2010. Along with our ongoing productivity discipline and sourcing initiatives, these cost reductions will help us compete in the marketplace and invest in our business.
In response to the deteriorating economic situation, we accelerated some of these cost actions in order to achieve more immediate savings. We are reducing corporate and business overhead costs (which we expect to save $100 million in
Global Reports LLC
MWV 2008 Annual Report III

“As we continue to build momentum at MWV, we are taking steps to prepare for further progress and prosperity in the future...confident that we have the right vision, the right strategy and the right people to make it happen.”
2009), and we will close or restructure as many as 14 of our manufacturing facilities (which will save another $25 million in 2009). Our plans are underway and will deliver immediate benefits to our overall performance.
We are also continuing a rigorous review of each business to determine what additional action we must take to generate better returns for our shareholders. This includes a detailed economic analysis of every market we’ve targeted, every product line we sell, every facility we operate and every customer we serve.
With this information, we are making explicit determinations about our participation in the marketplace – choosing between those opportunities that provide the potential for attractive returns and those that no longer do so because of changing competitive dynamics or customer preferences. In every case, these decisions and actions are guided by a singular and determined focus on maximizing the value we create for shareholders.
Our goal has always been to deliver value for our shareholders – in the form of consistent returns and long-term growth. That hasn’t changed. We are employing
a new discipline to the way we measure value creation and make better decisions about our business. It will sharpen our focus on those activities and initiatives that generate the most economic profit – and, therefore, return the most value to our shareholders.
By actively managing both our cost struc- ture and value creation in every business, we will endure this challenging period and position MWV to outperform when economic conditions improve. While we are restless with our bottom-line earnings performance in this challenging economy, MWV remains a valued partner to our customers and a sound investment for our shareholders. We will continue to succeed by differentiating ourselves in the market- place and building brand value for our customers. I’m confident that we have the right vision, the right strategy and the right people to make it happen.
MWV employees around the world have helped to put our strategy into action – and then to turn action into results. They are the driving force behind our success in the marketplace, our solid financial position, and our strong future as a global leader in packaging. They are always ready to tackle the next challenge or embrace the next opportunity. I thank them – and each of MWV’s stakeholders – for making our progress possible.
Sincerely,
John A. Luke, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2009
 IV MWV 2008 Annual Report Global Reports LLC
