To Our Shareholders, Customers, and Employees
In physics, momentum is roughly measured as the product of
size and velocity. At MWV, ours directly reflects the breadth of
our ambitious strategic agenda and the speed with which we have
executed on our plans this year. But momentum is also directional;
ours is clearly forward.
A year ago, we were ready to compete in an uncertain world. We set a
course that would help us manage through this challenging economic
period, a deliberate strategic plan to improve earnings and increase
shareholder value. And we followed it. Now, we’re even more prepared,
even stronger financially and even more competitive in our global
markets – we’ve got momentum. Today, it’s plain to see we’re moving
right along.
During 2009, we moved confidently to refine our participation
in the marketplace and improve the competitiveness of
our business model. These strategic imperatives were
essential given the current economic crisis, but they were
also necessary for the long-term prosperity of our company.
With this deliberate focus on a set of strategies to maximize
the value we deliver to shareholders, we made steady and
determined progress in several areas of priority emphasis,
including cost reductions, business model improvements,
customer partnerships and financial strength.
We completed a thorough analysis of each of our markets,
products, customers and facilities. The information we
gathered about the profitability and value-creation potential
in each of our businesses led to deliberate choices about
where we compete, which facilities we operate and where we
will invest for future growth. This value-based strategy has
become a guiding force across our company and a common
agenda for all of our employees. The singular goal is to create
value for shareholders.
It includes a determined focus on innovation – not for the sake
of innovation, but to extend our partnerships with customers
and enhance our bottom line. It includes an emphasis on
growth in emerging markets – not for the sake of growth,
but to align our future with that of our customers and increase
our profitability around the world. It includes a focus on
value-creating behaviors – not for the sake of organizational
change, but to transform MWV into a world-class competitor
and a world-renowned leader in our markets.
With this strategic agenda – and focused discipline –
we continue to make progress in the areas of our business
that matter most.
We launched or enhanced 15 new products in 2009 that
helped solidify and extend our relationships with key
customers, and continue to build our position in new and
existing markets. We updated our Shellpak®
healthcare
packaging product with a new format for larger dosages and
longer regimens, and we’ve not only grown our business
with Walmart’s prescription drug program but also added
new branded and generic pharmaceutical customers.
We announced a revolutionary new tobacco packaging
paperboard, called Promina®, which has helped us gain
market share especially with premium brands in China.
And we re-launched our popular food service line of
paperboard – MWare™ – that is used to make fully-renewable
cups and plates that include post-consumer recycled fiber and
bio-based coatings.
These products and many others contributed to growth with
our customers in some of the fastest-growing regions of the
world. The global economic recovery has begun in places
like China and Brazil, and we are already well-positioned to
take advantage of this growth. We increased our beverage
packaging business in emerging Asian countries by 50 percent
in 2009 – growing with some of our biggest customers by
introducing the multi-pack format to newly affluent consumers.
We’re doing business with generic prescription drug makers
in India who want to use Shellpak®
packaging to export their
products to the United States. And we continue to position
MWV for further growth in Brazil – where we have been a
leader for more than half a century. We acquired Grafon’s –
a high-end stationery provider – to augment our offerings for
the attractive school and office supplies markets in Brazil, and
we continue to capture growth opportunities through Rigesa.
The signs of our progress are many, and varied. We had a
banner year for our asphalt paving additives in our Specialty
Chemicals business – including a number of high-profile
projects in China and the United States. We unveiled the
master plan for our East Edisto property near Charleston,
South Carolina – and our Community Development and
Land Management team is already working with local
governments on development agreements for the next several
decades. And at the center of all this activity, we moved into
a new building for our global headquarters in Richmond,
Virginia, – reflective of our heritage as a sustainability
leader and our aspirations as a hub for creativity and closer
collaboration with colleagues and customers.
This focused strategic agenda – and a rigorous execution
discipline – had a positive impact on our financial
performance. We exceeded expectations in almost every
one of our businesses – we increased profits, expanded
margins and generated a significant amount of cash from
our operations. This progress came despite the decline in
demand for many of our products and solutions due to global
economic conditions and lower consumer spending.
Volumes were down about eight percent across the company.
Some of our customers slowed production, canceled new
product launches, tightened inventories and downgraded from
value-added to cost-conscious choices whenever possible.
Our business was relatively stable for consumer staples like
food, beverage, healthcare and tobacco packaging – as well
as for asphalt paving supported by government stimulus
spending and essentials like back-to-school supplies. On
the other hand, luxury or specialty applications for personal
care, fragrance and media were hit hard by the reduction in
consumer spending around the world, and business products
such as commercial print paperboard, envelopes and auto
carbon were also impacted by the slowdown of economic
activity and production.
In response, each of our businesses reset their cost structure
and delivered outstanding productivity improvement during
the year. We laid out a series of ambitious improvements
to our business model at the beginning of the year – cost
reduction efforts that would coincide with our value-based
assessment of our business. Once the work began, we
identified additional opportunities for savings, additional
areas for reductions and additional changes to our operating
footprint that would improve our overall efficiency and
profitability. We expected to achieve $125 million in overhead
cost savings by eliminating positions and restructuring our
manufacturing footprint. We exceeded this target; through
the end of 2009, we had eliminated $154 million of overhead
costs – and our work continues apace in 2010.
With all of our progress this year, we generated more than
$875 million in cash flow from our operations – adding about
$300 million to our balance sheet. In addition, we further
strengthened our financial position by reducing debt and
securing our near-term financial flexibility with a renewed
credit facility. This is a remarkable performance in such a
tough operating and economic environment, and has helped
us move into a position of strength and stability for our
customers, our shareholders and other key stakeholders.
In one of the toughest years in recent memory, we increased
shareholder value substantially – delivering for our customers,
keeping promises to our investors and rewarding our
employees for a job well done. Despite this success, we
know that the path ahead will not be easy. The broader
global economy looks substantially similar to the way it did a
year ago – consumers are wary, customers are hesitant and
businesses are waiting to invest. Conditions in our markets
have stabilized, for sure. But there remain challenges
that will test our resolve, and opportunities on which we
must capitalize to further improve performance and
increase shareholder value.
In the United States, we are concerned that leaders and
policy makers are focused on objectives that would continue
to stifle, rather than stimulate, economic growth and job
creation. Healthcare reform, climate change legislation and
government intrusion into the affairs of the private sector –
through new taxes and regulations – are all areas of concern
for our business, and for the global competitiveness of
American industry more broadly. We remain active participants
in the public policy process, advocating for sensible solutions
to these problems – greenhouse gas reductions that don’t
cripple the manufacturing industry, healthcare reforms that
reduce costs for both employers and consumers and leaders
who understand and appreciate the role of the private sector
in creating jobs and increasing quality of life for everyone.
Meanwhile, we know that to keep moving along the path
we’re on – and to maintain our momentum – we must
continue to build our partnerships with customers. We’ll
do that by introducing new innovations, new growth plans
in emerging markets and by emphasizing our stability and
financial strength.
We’re on the right path to make MWV a more valuable
global packaging company, and with the power of
20,000 employees around the world, we’re moving with pace
and determination toward our goals. The momentum we’ve
carried into 2010 is a product of their hard work and ingenuity.
I’m proud to work alongside this talented team – and each
of MWV’s stakeholders around the world – toward our
shared vision of success.
Sincerely,
John A. Luke, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 23, 2010
