    2 MeadWestvaco 2005 Annual Report
John A.luke,Jr.
Chairman and
Chief executive officer
   To ouR ShAReholdeRS, CuSToMeRS ANd eMployeeS:
We are transforming MeadWestvaco into a new and stronger company
for very compelling reasons. Today, global competition and productivity- enhancing technologies are placing rapid commoditization pressures on
all markets and products. At the same time, these global market forces are creating substantial growth opportunities for companies that deliver greater value — in the form of innovative, customized products and solutions to customers’ most pressing challenges.
We are embracing these opportunities. We are building customer relationships that are deeper, more productive and more rewarding, with the clear goal of being recognized and rewarded for providing differentiated and distinctive products and services. While manufacturing remains integral to our business, we also view our company as a service enterprise — one that brings value to our customers through creative applications of science, technology, design and marketing.
The Future Is Not Flat 

 GlobAl leAdeRShIp IN pACkAGING
MeadWestvaco’s strategy is to be the global leader in premium packaging
and packaging solutions. The expanding global marketplace affords vast new opportunities to leading consumer product companies, especially in the rapidly developing regions of Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America. A growing global consumer products sector must have an effective packaging partner — because packaging is integral to how consumer product companies take their goods to market, present them on the shelf, keep them secure and inform the end user.
MeadWestvaco is ideally positioned to become the global packaging partner of choice. We have expertise in a broad range of packaging technologies, along with unsurpassed global reach and deep, longstanding
ties with leading consumer products companies — from Avon, Altria and Anheuser-Busch, to Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble, Sony, Unilever and many others. Our leadership in packaging is supported by three complementary and value-creating businesses — Consumer & Office Products, Specialty Chemicals and Specialty Papers.
Leadership in packaging requires that we play multiple roles in each customer’s supply chain — by working with them, hand-in-hand, to better understand consumer needs and preferences; by creating effective structural and graphic designs and premium packaging materials that strengthen and support each brand; by sourcing materials and processes around the world in order to deliver the right packaging solution, whenever and wherever it
is needed.
A loNG-TeRM plAN
MeadWestvaco is pursuing a long-term strategic plan to focus our resources on packaging. Since the merger of the Mead and Westvaco Corporations four years ago, we have greatly enhanced our company’s financial strength, reducing our debt by $2.2 billion and generating more than $480 million in merger and productivity synergies. We have expanded and strengthened our capabilities in design and packaging services, and, early in 2005, we divested our printing and writing papers businesses, which had become peripheral to our goal of packaging leadership.
In February of this year, we announced the next important step —
the realignment of our global packaging businesses. Our new Consumer Solutions Group will focus on providing a full range of packaging products and solution services, including graphic and structural design, while our new Packaging Resources Group will include all of our paperboard businesses.
 MeadWestvaco 2005 Annual Report
 This new platform:
Organizes all our packaging activities around key customers and
global markets;
Better leverages the capabilities of our different packaging businesses for the benefit of all our customers; and
Enables us to operate with greater speed, efficiency and cost-effectiveness around the world.
To further support our emphasis on innovation and technology, we are also creating a new Packaging Innovation Center at the Centennial Campus of North Carolina State University in Raleigh, North Carolina. It will bring together our activities in packaging research and product development, including materials science.
In addition to these important changes, we are moving our corporate offices to Richmond, Virginia, to better support the pursuit of our business strategies and promote a more unified, cost-efficient structure by consolidating and streamlining business and support functions.
We will track the success of our new packaging platform through a number of essential indicators. These include the quality and value of what we innovate, the depth and breadth of customer relationships, the proportion of our revenues derived from value-added products and services, the quality of people we attract and retain, and, above all, the achievement of higher, more consistent returns for our shareholders.
2005 peRFoRMANCe
Our company continued to make good progress by each of these measures in 2005, even with the important changes we are making and the formidable challenges of rising costs for energy and raw materials. We reported net income of $28 million, or 14 cents per share, which included an after-tax loss of $91 million from discontinued operations; after-tax debt retirement charges of $56 million; after-tax restructuring charges of $20 million; and after-tax gains of $37 million on the sale of forestlands. Income from continuing operations for the year was $119 million, or 62 cents per share. We also continued to improve our cost structure and began implementing price increases to offset the rising energy and raw materials costs. Our 2005 performance is presented in greater detail in Book Two of this report.
As always, our company remains committed to continuous improvement in employee health and safety, and to environmental stewardship, where we have
a strong record of accomplishment. For a second straight year, MeadWestvaco
      The Future Is Not Flat 5

 was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Indexes, based upon a rigorous assessment of our environmental and social performance, corporate governance practices and other factors.
IN CoNCluSIoN
Let me conclude with the following commitment about MeadWestvaco’s future. We will be a company that:
Is market-driven — and also driven to lead in our markets;
Focuses on solving customer problems and on helping customers achieve their goals;
Is passionate about collaboration and relationships — with our customers, suppliers and across our MeadWestvaco businesses; and
Measures our success in terms of ideas, innovations and contributions to our customers, and the returns we generate for our shareholders.
We are creating a more powerful and profitable enterprise, one that
will reward our customers and shareholders while creating unprecedented opportunities for our employees, whose enthusiasm and hard work remain our most important competitive advantages. I am confident that MeadWestvaco has the right resources, strategies and people to build an unsurpassed global packaging company — one that will be known for excellence in everything we do.
Sincerely,
John A. Luke, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 1, 2006
            MeadWestvaco 2005 Annual Report
 FINANCIAl HIGHlIGHTS
In millions, except per share data
Net sales
Income from continuing operations1
Income from continuing operations, per share1
Net Income (loss)2
Net Income (loss), per share2
Dividends, per share
Cash provided by operating activities
Capital expenditures Dividends paid
Total assets
long-term debt Shareholders’ equity Debt-to-capital ratio Return on invested capital4
2005 $ 6,170
$ 119
$ 0.62 $28 $ 0.14 $ 0.92
$ 227 $ 305 $ 178 $ 8,908 $ 2,417 $3,483
41.1% 5.8%
20043 MeadWestvaco achieved a number of significant
$ ,00 financial milestones in 2005:
Sold printing and writing
$ 224 papers business and related
forestlands, generating $2.3 billion in value.
$ 1.10 Returned value to our share- holders by repurchasing $00
$ (349) million of common stock.
$ (1.2) Reduced total debt by $1 billion, lowering debt- $ 0.92 to-capital ratio to 41.1%.
Announced new initiative $ 922 to reduce our overall cost
structure by $15 million $ 31 to $200 million by 200, achieving annual run rate
$ 18 savings of about $5 million before inflation.
$11,4 $ 3,282 $ 4,31
45.9% 4.0%
                       1 Excluding the items included in footnote 2, income from continuing operations would be $158 million, or $0.82 per share, and $181 million, or $0.89 per share, for 2005 and 2004, respectively.
2 2005includesthefollowing:after-taxgainsof$3million,or$0.19pershare,onthesaleofforestlands;after-taxrestructuring charges of $20 million, or $0.10 per share. 2005 also includes discontinued operations of $91 million, or $0.48 per share, and after-tax debt retirement charges of $5 million, or $0.29 per share, both associated with the sale of the company’s printing and writing papers business. 2004 includes the following: after-tax gains of $110 million, or $0.54 per share, on the sale of forestlands; after-tax restructuring charges of $ million, or $0.33 per share; and discontinued operations of $53 million, or $2.82 per share associated with the sale of the company’s printing and writing papers business.
3 Amounts have been adjusted to reflect discontinued operations in order to conform to the December 31, 2005 presentation.
4 Calculated using actual annual effective tax rates of 11.9% for 2005 and 30.% for 2004; invested capital for calculation
is period end net debt plus equity.
 The Future Is Not Flat 
 