 We made substantial progress toward
our financial goal of generating returns above our cost
of capital, and we sharpened our focus on high-value, higher margin businesses.
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS In our 2oo3 annual report, I reported
that MeadWestvaco had set the stage for profitable growth through customer focus, productivity and innovation–and that we were poised to generate greater financial returns with improvements in our core markets, which had been challenging to say
the least. In 2oo4, MeadWestvaco made significant progress. We increased our earnings power and cash flow, reduced debt, maintained strict discipline in capital spending,
and returned a strong dividend to shareholders. In summary, we made substantial progress toward our financial goal of generating returns above our cost of capital. At the same time, we sharpened our focus on high-value, higher margin businesses – especially Packaging, our largest segment.
Over the past year, MeadWestvaco realized the benefits of our commitment to building the leading coated papers platform in North America, positioning us for
a significant milestone: the sale of our printing and writing papers business and related assets for $2.3 billion in cash, which we expect to complete this spring. This sale is a transformational event for MeadWestvaco. It will make us a more focused company – able to deliver stronger, more consistent financial returns. Equally important, it will enable us to concentrate our resources on capturing the profitable growth opportunities present in global packaging markets. When the transaction is closed, MeadWestvaco will have a more profitable business mix, increased stability of earnings and cash flows, a stronger balance sheet, and greater global balance.
In 2oo4, all three of our continuing core segments–Packaging, Consumer & Office Products and Specialty Chemicals–had strong operating performances, benefiting from internal productivity improvements, enhanced product mix and, in a number of important arenas, growing market shares. An improving economic environment and recovering markets also contributed to our performance. This is how our businesses performed:
PACKAGING MeadWestvaco’s packaging business is exceptionally well positioned to compete across the packaging value chain, particularly in the growing global marketplace for high-value packaging.
Our leadership in highly engineered paperboard products, utilization of multiple packaging materials, world-class capabilities in creative design and converting, and excellence in integrated packaging systems enables us to deliver complete solutions that help our customers succeed in today’s marketplace.
Letter to Shareholders
1

 2004 PACKAGING SALES BY BUSINESS
PAPERBOARD 58% CONVERTING, DESIGN
& SERVICES 23% PACKAGING
SYSTEMS 19%
2004 PACKAGING SALES BY GEOGRAPHY
UNITED STATES 52% EUROPE 26%
OTHER AMERICAS 13% PACIFIC 9%
Many of our packaging customers are leading consumer products companies whose greatest growth potential lies outside North America–in the emerging markets of Central and Eastern Europe, Asia and Latin America. MeadWestvaco’s global reach helps our customers address their new packaging challenges as they expand their businesses. We now derive about half of our packaging revenues from outside the United States and see substantial opportunities for continued global growth.
In 2oo4, our Packaging segment increased its operating profit by 57 percent, which we will build on as we meet growing global demand and continue to improve efficiency and product mix. Our mill-based businesses improved, with shipments of bleached paperboard up 1o percent and Coated Natural Kraft®up three percent over 2oo3–with significant improvements in operating efficiency in both businesses.
Our Consumer Packaging Group also increased its profitability and revenues, with strong sales of DVD packaging for movies, games and television series collections, as well as innovative packaging for cosmetics and personal-care items. Additionally,
we enhanced our already strong Packaging Systems business through the acquisition
of Aries Packaging S. A. of Troyes, France.
Letter to Shareholders
      Market leadership remains key to the success of our Consumer & Office Products segment, which also had a strong year.
Segment operating profit increased by nine percent, reflecting both top- and bottom-line growth. We manufacture and distribute many of the best-known brands in stationery supplies for home, school and office use, plus a full range of envelope products. Our leadership in these categories continued to grow during the year, and our increased productivity more than offset higher costs, including the cost of uncoated paper.
We achieved much of our success through improved product mix and cost-saving programs. For example, we strengthened our competitive position in North America by consolidating our U.S. operations–better aligning production and distribution with customer needs and, at the same time, enabling the company to increase efficiency through cost reduction and productivity improvement.
In addition, the improved results reflect the success of our latest focused acquisition,Tilibra S.A. Produtos de Papelaria, the Brazilian-based school products leader.This acquisition complements our businesses and enables us to capitalize
on our existing knowledge base and infrastructure in Brazil, where we have operated for more than a half century.
CONSUMER & OFFICE PRODUCTS
        2

 2004 CONSUMER & OFFICE PRODUCTS SALES BY BUSINESS
SCHOOL & CONSUMER PRODUCTS 36%
ENVELOPE PRODUCTS 28%
TIME MANAGEMENT & OFFICE PRODUCTS 24%
OTHER 12%
2004 SPECIALTY CHEMICALS SALES BY MARKET
AUTOMOTIVE 27% PINE CHEMICALS 27% INKS & COATINGS 24% ASPHALT 12%
OTHER 10%
SPECIALTY CHEMICALS We continue to expand leadership positions in
our core specialty chemicals markets, including activated carbon products that control truck and auto emissions, our proprietary asphalt emulsifiers for road construction and repair, and our superior resins for printing inks. We also generated profitable growth opportunities through the development of innovative new products, strategic alliances, partnerships and expansion into rapidly growing markets.The results of these efforts drove a 27-percent improvement in 2oo4 operating profit.
PAPERS Over almost three years, in very challenging economic and industry conditions, we have enhanced the value of our papers business by reducing costs and gaining market share. In 2oo4, shipments of coated paper increased 1o percent over 2oo3, and inventories were about 3o percent lower than the prior year. The papers business is fundamentally sound, with continuing strong market demand. The business is well positioned to compete as a stand-alone company once its sale is complete. We will retain our specialty papers business, which makes highly engineered materials for flooring, decorative surfaces and automotive applications.
PRODUCTIVITY At the end of 2oo3, we completed a two-year effort that reduced the cost of running MeadWestvaco by almost $4oo million per year. At the same time, we launched a new two-year productivity initiative with a goal of $5oo million – $25o million through improvements in working capital and $25o million in earnings improvements.
In 2oo4, we achieved more than half of that two-year goal, with productivity- related earnings improvement of $136 million and a reduction in working capital equivalent to $263 million. We achieved this by consolidating operations, improving information platforms, closing or divesting less productive assets, and improving the efficiency and cost structure of our entire company. At the same time, we aggressively managed our working capital–including inventory, receivables and payables.
We are initiating a new program that will match our overhead costs to the size and needs of our company after the sale of the papers business and will build systems to achieve world-class efficiency, quality and service. In addition, we will leverage our purchasing power and structure to become unmatched in sourcing and logistics, build a holistic view of our global operations to achieve best-in-class costs and effectiveness, and create a new MeadWestvaco business system.
Letter to Shareholders
                 3

 Letter to Shareholders
STEWARDSHIP AND SAFETY MeadWestvaco also remains committed
to continuous improvement in employee health and safety, where we have a strong record of accomplishment. Our company introduced a process to achieve new
levels of safety performance, and, in 2oo4, our total case incident rate, a measure
of reportable injuries per 2oo,ooo hours worked, was below 2.oo for the second year running. We also reached a significant milestone when MeadWestvaco was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Indexes, following a rigorous assessment of our environmental and social performance, corporate governance practices and other factors.We were also proud to receive the American Forest & Paper Association’s 2oo4 Wildlife Stewardship Group Award.
IN CONCLUSION We have entered 2oo5 with determination and confidence
as we concentrate our energy and resources on the businesses with the greatest potential to generate profitable growth through market leadership–where customers demand and reward high-value solutions to their challenges. We are focused on markets where we can differentiate ourselves through innovation, create value for customers by understanding their markets and needs, and leverage an increasingly efficient cost structure. We can accomplish this in all of our remaining businesses.
In closing, I would like to thank Lee J. Styslinger, Jr., and Richard A. Zimmerman, valued members of our Board of Directors who retired in 2oo4, as well as R. Scott Wallinger, senior vice president, who retired after 43 years of service.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I want to thank the men and women
of MeadWestvaco who continue driving our company forward. With vision, enthusiasm and hard work, we are truly transforming MeadWestvaco into a company that delivers higher and more stable returns for investors, value-creating products and services for customers, and expanding opportunities for employees.
Sincerely,
John A. Luke, Jr.
chairman and chief executive officer
march 14, 2oo5
    4
