  To Our Shareholders
 At Noble Energy, a long-term strategy and significant exploration success have us on the verge of transformational growth. We are far along towards our goals, despite the considerable economic and industry challenges of the last few years. In 2010, we maintained a strong base of production and made significant progress on our lineup of major projects. Our financial position improved throughout the year, and we are well poised to fuel our future plans. The Company’s outlook is highly transparent and very positive.
Noble Energy’s portfolio includes four core areas, each with a strong base of production, major projects under development, and additional exploration opportunities. Across our core areas, we have at least one major project planned for start up every year over the next half-decade. In addition to geographic diversity, our production mix gives us exposure to multiple markets, with about 40 percent of our volumes being liquids, 30 percent international natural gas and 30 percent U.S. natural gas.
Our strong position has come from purposeful preparation and focus on best-in-class processes and expertise. The results have been highly rewarding. Investments that we have made in recent years are paying off, and we believe our shareholders will reap the benefits.
 
  Driven by an enduring strategy
For many years, we’ve stayed the course on our growth plan. We now find ourselves far along on a carefully designed journey of accomplishment.
      Onshore United States
Noble eNergy’s oNshore focus is in the Denver-Julesburg (DJ) basin. Our legacy vertical well program in the Wattenberg field continues with high levels of activity, delivering strong performance and results.
In early 2010, we made a timely acquisition of Petro-Canada’s Rocky Mountain assets. The acquisition added over 340,000 net acres and about 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of production to Noble Energy, with more than half of these assets in the DJ basin. Today, we have a leading position in the basin, which includes more than 830,000 net acres. Our strategy is to apply best-in- class technology and operating practices in order to fully exploit this resource- rich region.
In the emerging horizontal Niobrara play, we drilled a number of wells testing the potential for increased hydrocarbon recoveries, both inside the Wattenberg field and to the north. In Wattenberg, we have seen great results from the initial horizontal wells, with recoveries and returns far exceeding those of vertical wells. The horizontal technology is allowing us to expand the limits of Wattenberg, making areas of the field economic which were not under vertical development.
Our horizontal Niobrara testing outside of Wattenberg, in northern Colorado and southern Wyoming, is still in the early phases. Throughout the

 Outstanding performance
        Net Exploration Resources Discovered (MMBoe)
06 07 08 09 10
           Deepwater Gulf of Mexico
DJ basin, we are utilizing 3D seismic imaging to optimally target well locations and state-of-the-art completion techniques. In 2011, we expect to accelerate our total horizontal Niobrara program, drilling more than twice the number of wells we drilled in 2010.
As a final 2010 note for our onshore properties, we took the opportunity to fine-tune our portfolio by selling certain higher-cost non-core assets in the Mid-continent and Illinois basins.
The deepwaTer drilliNg moraTorium triggered by the Macondo incident impacted all operators in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010. Despite a halt in drilling operations and an uncertain regulatory future, Noble Energy remains well positioned and committed to the region. We are carefully navigating the challenges and remain focused on ensuring that safe operations are always the priority.
Despite significant new permitting and operating requirements, we were successful in securing two completion permits during the moratorium for Santa Cruz and Isabela. This was an enormous accomplishment for our teams and allowed us to continue moving the Galapagos project forward.
1000
800
600
400
200
0

  Navigating the future
With major projects planned to
commence around the globe over the next several years, the route to significant growth is transparent.
      West Africa
Two of our exploration wells, Santiago and Deep Blue, were suspended while drilling as a result of the moratorium. The industry’s first post-moratorium drilling permit was issued to Noble Energy for our Santiago prospect, and we are working to permit Deep Blue as well. We look forward to recommencing drilling operations on these wells shortly and are proud to help lead the industry back to drilling in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. At Gunflint, our largest Gulf discovery to date, appraisal plans and partner unitization continued to move forward throughout 2010. We will be submitting the permit for the first appraisal well at Gunflint in early 2011 and hope to commence drilling later in the year.
Our exploration portfolio in the Gulf of Mexico is extensive, and we are continuing to mature the inventory. Although we are preparing for a resumption of drilling in the Gulf, we would expect our pace of exploration to be slower than before. Certainly the environment for doing business in the Gulf has changed, but I am pleased with the response of the industry and our continued focus on high operating standards.
wesT africa is aNoTher core area for Noble Energy, accounting for about a quarter of our current production. In 2010, we made significant

 Best-in-class execution
We have intently prepared ourselves for success, and we are delivering on our plans with technical expertise
and thorough processes.
      Eastern Mediterranean
progress on our first two operated crude and condensate projects in the region. Aseng, which we sanctioned for development in 2009, is a floating production storage and offloading (FPSO) oil development and will serve as an infrastructure hub for additional liquid discoveries. We have completed the development drilling at Aseng and are targeting production to begin in mid 2012. The project remains on schedule and on budget.
Our second operated project, Alen, is on track to begin production in late 2013. Alen, a gas cycling project, was sanctioned for development in 2010. Between Aseng and Alen, significant growth in crude and condensate production and cash flow is right around the corner. We have 1.5 million gross acres offshore in the Douala basin between our positions in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea. Our plans are to drill two to three exploration and appraisal wells in 2011, targeting new oil potential in the basin.
sigNificaNT gas discoveries offshore israel by Noble Energy and our partners have led an energy evolution in Israel. The journey began in 2000 with the Mari-B natural gas discovery. First production at Mari-B began in 2004 and natural gas now fuels around 40 percent of the country’s
 
 Selective options
 U.S. Liquids
U.S. Natural Gas International Liquids International Natural Gas
2010 Proved Reserves
        electricity generation. In 2010, we made significant investments in two new production wells and additional compression at Mari-B to support Israel’s continually growing demand for natural gas. This is low-cost, high-margin production, and we are making sure that it continues.
In 2009 we made a major discovery at Tamar, which is estimated to hold a staggering 8.4 trillion cubic feet (tcf) of gross natural gas resources – enough to fuel Israel for decades to come. Our board sanctioned the development of Tamar in 2010. Utilizing existing onshore facilities and other infrastructure built for Mari-B, Tamar is being progressed to deliver new supplies of natural gas to Israel at the end of 2012 or early in 2013.
The highlight of 2010 was our most recent discovery at Leviathan, which has the potential to not only be utilized in domestic markets, but will likely result in Israel becoming a natural gas exporter. Although two appraisal wells are planned to further define Leviathan, we have confirmed gross mean estimates of 16 tcf of gas resources – easily the largest discovery in Noble Energy’s history. Over the last decade, Leviathan and Tamar are the two biggest deepwater gas discoveries in the world.
Our 2011 plans focus on continuing development of Tamar and further testing the potential of this underexplored basin. We anticipate drilling three to

 Collaborative design
Core Business Areas
A High-Performance Machine
Noble eNergy is engineered to deliver a high level of performance. We are not gaining ground by small increments; instead, we are accelerating toward significant growth in proven reserves and production, as well as in cash flows and margins. Our proven reserves grew by a third in 2010, as a result of
Our people and partnerships give us the energy to stay in pursuit of our goals. Their focus, dedication, and tireless teamwork propel us toward continued achievement, and we are ever thankful for their efforts.
four exploration and appraisal wells this year in the Eastern Mediterranean, between our positions offshore Israel and Cyprus, with a top priority being the appraisal of the Leviathan discovery.
Onshore Deepwater United States Gulf of Mexico
West Africa
Eastern Mediterranean

“We are not gaining ground by small increments; instead, we
are accelerating toward significant growth in proven reserves and production, as well as in cash flows and margins.”
  initial major-project bookings at Tamar and Alen, as well as strong reserve replacement in the U.S. from our vertical and horizontal drilling programs.
We faced a number of big challenges in 2010, and it was the dedication and superior efforts by our employees that resulted in substantial progress for Noble Energy. We continue to attract people of the highest caliber to our Company, and I am exceedingly grateful for their commitment to success. We remain focused on ensuring safe and reliable operations, minimizing environmental impacts, and supporting the communities in which we work – all while delivering excellent returns to shareholders. On behalf of the Board of Directors and our employees, I want to thank all of our stakeholders for their continued confidence and support of Noble Energy.
Charles D. Davidson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
   