   LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
2006 was an outstanding year for Noble Energy in terms of both financial and operational results. Our earnings per share was $3.79, and our discretionary cash flow of $2.1 billion was a record for the company. Our strong cash flow and project inventory allowed us to carry out a capital investment program of over $1.8 billion, including acquisitions, while also initiating a $500 million share repurchase program. For the year, our production grew 28 percent to a record of 185,954 barrels oil equivalent per day (Boepd). The results of our investment program allowed us to add new reserves totaling 179 percent of our annual production. At year-end, our reserves totaled a record 835 million barrels oil equivalent (MMBoe). During the year, we significantly enhanced our asset portfolio by divesting of our legacy shallow water Gulf of Mexico assets, adding to our Rocky Mountain portfolio through the acquisition of U.S. Exploration Holdings, Inc. (USX), and expanding our deepwater Gulf of Mexico position. Our unit costs continued to improve resulting in a cost structure that was in the best quartile relative to our peers. Most importantly, our share price grew 22 percent, which led to our total shareholder return being the best in our peer group for the year.
Our excellent performance in 2006 can be traced back, in part, to a new business model, which we developed and began implementing in 2003. The foundation of this model was to build a portfolio of high quality and long-lived assets that possessed an inventory of lower-risk development projects. By increasing our investment in these types of projects, we lowered the risk and gained predictability in our near-term production growth. This new model also anticipated a transition of our exploration program towards the pursuit of prospects that had long-term impact for the company.
When we adopted this model, our international business was rapidly growing with the development of several high- quality projects. These included our development of a major gas field offshore Israel, a gas-to-power project in Ecuador, the development of a new oil field in the Bohai Bay of China and two phases of expansion of our major property in Equatorial Guinea. With these important projects, our international business has transitioned from a large consumer of cash flow to one that generates substantial free cash. Also at that time, our North American portfolio was still concentrated in the Gulf Coast, both onshore and offshore, which were areas dominated by high decline rate assets. We recognized that future investment opportunities in these areas, in particular in the Gulf of Mexico shelf, were limited, and we needed to enhance our North American portfolio with longer-lived assets that contained an inventory of development projects.
The 2005 merger with Patina Oil & Gas Corporation (Patina) brought us the assets and project inventory that we were seeking. With the completion of this merger in mid-2005, we had access to an almost ten-year inventory of high-return development projects in the Mid-continent and Rocky Mountain regions. In addition, Patina’s expertise in developing unconventional natural gas resources allowed us to better exploit
some of our legacy assets in the Rockies. At the time of
the merger, we had already begun the process of
strengthening our exploration portfolio by increasing our
investments in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. This led to
several deepwater discoveries including the Lorien,
Swordfish and Ticonderoga fields. All three of these
new fields began delivering production starting in
late 2005 through early 2006, and were
significant contributors to our production growth
this past year. We also began enhancing our
international portfolio of exploration prospects. One
 
  2006 GLOBAL RESERVES
3%
2007 CAPITAOLtherPInRt’lOGRAM
7% UK/MedSea
Wattenberg 30%
30% Rockies 13% Wattenberg
Deepwater 15% Other Onshore 19% Corporate 2%
West Africa 11% UK/MedSea 7%
13% Other Int’l 3% Rockies
     North America 55% International 45%
55%
North America
11%
West Africa
2% Corporate
    al
19%
Other Onshore
   of the most notable areas where we expanded was in West Africa, where we obtained positions in two blocks in Equatorial Guinea. It was on one of these blocks, Block ‘O,’ that we made our Belinda discovery in late 2005. During 2006, we added to our West Africa position by securing additional acreage offshore nearby Cameroon.
At the close of 2006, we find that our portfolio of assets has been significantly strengthened from what it was just a few years ago. Our proved reserves are more evenly balanced between domestic and international assets as are our unproven resources. We now have a higher quality portfolio of lower-risk development projects, primarily in the Mid- continent and Rocky Mountain areas of the U.S. Our deepwater exploration portfolio has been expanded, where we added two additional discoveries in 2006 at Redrock and Raton. We have balanced our growth between North America and International with both areas providing near-term growth as well as long-term opportunities.
NORTH AMERICA OVERVIEW
Our North America operations once again showed substantial growth in 2006. Production was over 121,000 Boepd, up 45 percent from 2005, reflecting a full year’s impact from the Patina assets and the impact of several new deepwater developments. Reserves reached an all-time high of 460 MMBoe, 55 percent of our total reserves, primarily through our organic programs and supplemented by smaller acquisitions. North America operations are organized into two regions: Northern and Southern.
The Northern region contains the majority of our North American reserves, almost 75 percent, with our largest single asset company-wide being the Wattenberg field in the DJ basin of Colorado. With thousands of identified projects and a large undeveloped resource potential, Wattenberg is a high quality, long-lived asset acting as an important foundation in our business model. Our Wattenberg assets have also created follow-on opportunities for near-term growth, such as our USX acquisition and our joint venture with Teton Energy Corporation (Teton) in the Eastern DJ basin. In fact, we have completed our initial commitment to drill 20 wells in our joint venture acreage with Teton. Results have been encouraging, and we plan to move forward with additional drilling in 2007 on the 184,000 gross acres covered by the joint venture agreement. The Northern region has a number of other active investment programs that contributed to our growth in 2006, including the Piceance, Wind River and San Juan basins. In the Western Mid-continent, our greatest activity continues to be the Granite Wash development in the Texas Panhandle, where we have several years of locations to be drilled.
Our Southern region, which is comprised of the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf Coast and Eastern Mid-continent areas, is a significant contributor in terms of resource potential and production. Almost half of our 2006 North America production came from the Southern region, and our deepwater portfolio offers exposure to high impact exploration. In 2006,
13% Deepwater
45% Internation

  we streamlined our asset portfolio in the Southern region by selling our mature Gulf of Mexico shelf assets. These assets were experiencing steep decline rates and provided limited growth opportunities for a company of our size. Most of our North America exploration program is in the Southern region, where we added the Raton and Redrock discoveries in 2006. Development plans for those discoveries are currently under review. In 2006, most of our investment program in the Southern region was focused on completing our deepwater developments. All were completed on time and within budget, with Lorien being the latest development starting up as expected in May. For 2007, we see additional development opportunities at Lorien and Ticonderoga. We also expect to drill another two to four deepwater exploration wells in 2007. We continue with active onshore drilling programs in the Gulf Coast, Oklahoma, Kansas and Illinois.
INTERNATIONAL OVERVIEW
Growth continued in our international operations in 2006, with operating income increasing 36 percent to a record $707 million from $519 million in 2005. Higher commodity prices contributed to increased income, but production also increased to 64,900 Boepd from 62,200 Boepd in 2005.
Our largest area of international operations continues to be Equatorial Guinea, where we have an interest in the Alba field. Operations in Equatorial Guinea generated a record $494 million of operating income. We expect to see significant production increases in Equatorial Guinea in 2007, with natural gas sales to a liquefied natural gas facility expected to start mid-year 2007. These sales are expected to average between 13,000 Boepd and 19,000 Boepd for 2007. Prices for incremental natural gas sales from the Alba field will be similar to those we currently receive there. In 2005, we announced a condensate and natural gas discovery at our offshore Belinda exploration well in Block ‘O.’ We have numerous other prospects and leads on Block ‘O’ and the adjacent Block ‘I.’ With six firm and two optional slots reserved on a drill ship in West Africa, we plan an expanded drilling program in 2007 and 2008 to appraise the Belinda discovery and test several other prospects on both blocks.
Elsewhere in West Africa, we acquired a 50 percent interest in the PH-77 license offshore Cameroon. Noble Energy will operate PH-77, which covers 1.125 million gross acres off the coast of the Republic of Cameroon. Evaluation work is underway, with the intent of identifying drilling locations for 2007 and 2008.
In Israel, our natural gas sales continued to increase in 2006, averaging about 93 million cubic feet per day (MMcfpd), net for the year, a 40 percent increase over 2005. The Israel Electric Corporation, Ltd, our primary customer, continues to convert power plants to burn natural gas, assuring continued growth in demand in 2007 and beyond. In July 2006, we acquired a 33 percent participating interest in two offshore licenses, 308 Michal and 309 Matan. We became the operator for both licenses and plan to drill an exploration well in 2007.
In the North Sea, the Dumbarton development was completed and production began in January 2007. Dumbarton is expected to add approximately 9,000 Boepd, net to Noble Energy’s 30 percent interest.
In the Bohai Bay of China, production remained strong throughout 2006, averaging over 4,200 Boepd, net. We have also identified additional field development opportunities and are working to gain approval of a major new phase in the development of the field.
In South America, our natural gas-to-power project in Ecuador produced a record amount of electricity in 2006, generating approximately 866,000 megawatts of power. We also may drill our first exploration well offshore Suriname in late 2007 or early 2008, where we have a 30 percent interest in Block 30.

  ANNUAL SALES ANNUAL DISCRETIONARY VOLUMES (MMBoe) CASH FLOW (BILLIONS)
 70 60 50 40 30 20 10
0
 02 03 04 05 06
 $2.5
$2.0
$1.5
$1.0
$0.5
$0.0
       02 03 04 05 06
SUMMARY
I hope it is apparent how dramatic Noble Energy’s change has been over these past few years. We believe the business model we have adopted is the best for our company and its shareholders. It takes advantage of the strengths and skills of our employees in continuing to build a high quality portfolio of producing assets and future investment opportunities. Today we believe our foundation is extremely solid, anchored in some of the best natural gas and oil regions in the world. We are pursuing a broad array of development projects that give greater certainty to our near-term growth while focusing our exploration efforts on prospects that can have a material impact on our company for years into the future. Yes – we still have a lot of work to do, but much has been accomplished in the last several years.
In a world where demand for energy continues to grow, all of us at Noble Energy realize that we have very important responsibilities to our shareholders, customers, communities, and host countries. Our primary responsibility is to find and develop natural gas and oil as efficiently as possible, while delivering superior returns to our shareholders. We also recognize that in doing this, we must work to minimize the impacts our operations have on the environment while preserving the safety of all who are involved. It also goes, almost without saying, that compliance with laws and regulations is a given. I am proud that our employees take these responsibilities seriously. They have continued to do an outstanding job in carrying out their work with intensity, integrity and a focus on excellence.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and all employees of Noble Energy, I want to thank all of our shareholders for their continued confidence and support.
CHARLES D. DAVIDSON
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5 0.0
