 The first bucket of coal severed at North American Coal’s Coyote Creek Mine in North Dakota is loaded into a waiting truck on April 15, 2016. Deliveries of coal to the Coyote Station near Beulah, ND began in the second quarter of 2016.
 Introduction
provides value-added services for natural resource companies.
To Our Stockholders
NACCO Industries, Inc., headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, is an operating holding company with an established objective of increasing long- term shareholder wealth, with a particular focus on taxable investors. NACCO Industries operates through three separate and independently managed subsidiaries, with a small core of people performing public company activities at the corporate headquarters.
Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, is a leading designer, marketer and distributor of small electric household and specialty housewares appliances, as well as commercial products for restaurants, bars and hotels.
The North American Coal Corporation, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, mines coal primarily for use in power generation and
The Kitchen Collection, LLC, headquartered in Chillicothe, Ohio, is a national specialty retailer of kitchenware in outlet and traditional malls throughout the United States.
5
 
 North American Coal
acts as NTEC’s contract miner at NTEC’s Navajo Mine, a surface coal mine located within the Navajo Nation near Fruitland, New Mexico. Similar to most of NACoal’s other mining agreements, the agreement with NTEC is a cost-plus arrangement, under which NTEC reimburses Bisti’s operating costs, provides the capital required for the mine and pays NACoal an agreed fee per btu of heating value delivered. NTEC delivers that coal to the third-party owners of the nearby Four Corners Generating Station. Production is anticipated to be 5 million to 6 million tons of coal per year when the Four Corners Generating Station is operating at anticipated levels.
North American Coal’s (NACoal) mines operate under contracts to supply coal to an individual customer’s power plant or coal processing facility for a long period of time, typically for decades. The mines and the customer facilities are in close proximity, often adjacent to one another. NACoal also provides value-added services, such as maintaining and operating draglines for independ- ently owned limerock quarries through its North American Mining division, operating and main- taining a coal-processing system for a customer’s power plant and providing ash-hauling services for power plants and other facilities.
NACoal and its customers strongly believe that the structure of these long-term contracts fully aligns long-term interests of the mine and the customer in a way that assures low customer costs over the long term. NACoal’s analysis of historical data indicates that the power plants served by NACoal are lower-cost producers of electricity on their respective grids.
Unconsolidated Mines
NACoal employs a business model that differs from most other mining industry partici- pants. All but one of NACoal’s contracts include “cost-plus” pricing terms under which NACoal’s compensation includes reimbursement of all operating costs, plus a comparatively small but consistent amount of fees on each ton of coal or heating unit (btu) delivered. The company refers to these cost-plus mines as “unconsolidated mines” because they are not consolidated in the Company’s financial statements. The pre-tax profits generated from these mines are shown separately in the Company’s income statement as “Earnings of unconsolidated mines.”
Consolidated Mines
Each cost-plus contract specifies the indices and mechanics by which agreed profits change over time, generally in line with broad measures of U.S. inflation rates. Financing for these mines is supported by, or in some instances actually provided by, NACoal’s customers to minimize costs and is without recourse to NACoal or NACCO.
NACoal has two consolidated mines, one active and one inactive. The Company refers to these mines as “consolidated mines” because their results are consolidated in the Company’s financial statements. NACoal’s active coal mine, Mississippi Lignite Mining Company (MLMC), operates pursuant to a more traditional business model in which NACoal pays all operating costs and provides the capital for the mine.
NACoal took over operations of a mine for the Navajo Transitional Energy Company (NTEC) on January 1, 2017. Under this agreement NACoal, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Bisti Fuels,
MLMC delivers coal to a single power plant adjacent to the mine. MLMC’s coal sales price is not subject to spot coal market fluctuations, as
its customer pays a contractually agreed-upon price which adjusts monthly, primarily based on changes in the level of established indices, which reflect general U.S. inflation rates, including cost components such as labor and diesel fuel. MLMC’s contract with its customer expires in 2032.
6
 
Value-added Services
NACoal’s permitting, mining and reclamation activities utilize state-of-the-art technology and a commitment to excellence to ensure that activities comply with, or exceed, legal requirements. Work on mine sites is performed with the greatest degree of care to ensure that land is returned to a productive natural state. Frequently, NACoal employees and their families are farmers, ranchers
NACoal’s “cost-plus” business model also applies to its value-added service operations. NACoal maintains and operates draglines for extraction of limerock at independently owned limerock quarries. This business is operated as a division of NACoal, and is referred to as North
7
American Mining. North American Mining’s compensation includes reimbursement for
all costs, plus an agreed profit on cubic yards excavated or limerock delivered. During 2016, NACoal expanded the geographic scope of a cost-plus agreement with an existing customer to cover new quarries in Central Florida and extended this contract through 2023. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2016, NACoal began operating and maintaining draglines for a new customer in Central Florida under a cost-plus arrangement.
 A dragline operated and maintained by NACoal’s North American Mining division excavates lime- rock from a quarry in Florida. North American Mining expanded its Florida dragline services business in 2016 by extending an existing contract and entering into a contract with a new customer.
 NACoal ceased coal production at its Alabama mining operation, Centennial Natural Resources, at the end of 2015. The cessation of coal production at Centennial eliminated NACoal’s only direct exposure to coal market price volatility. Centennial continues to evaluate strategies to maximize cash flow, including through the sale of mineral reserves and equipment. Most of the equipment and parts inventory utilized at Centennial were sold in 2016. Cash expenditures related to mine reclamation at Centennial will continue until reclamation is complete, or ownership of, or responsibility for, the mines is transferred. NACoal is also evaluating a range of strategies for its Alabama mineral reserves, including holding reserves with substantial unmined coal tons
for sale or contract mining when conditions in Alabama and global coal markets improve.
NACoal also provides coal handling, pro- cessing and drying services for a number of customers. For example, NoDak Energy Services, LLC operates and maintains a coal processing system for a power plant customer pursuant to a cost-plus arrangement.
North American Coal Royalty Company, a consolidated entity, provides surface and mineral acquisition and lease maintenance services related to NACoal’s operations.
Safety and Environmental Excellence
NACoal consistently ranks among the safest and most environmentally responsible coal mining companies in the country. The National Mining Association ranked NACoal among the safest coal mining companies in the United States based
on 2016 Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) incident rates. Safety is at the very core of NACoal’s culture, embedded deeply in employee training programs, operating procedures and best practices shared among all of NACoal’s operations.
 
 and outdoor enthusiasts who live near mining areas. They care deeply about the land, water and wildlife where they live, and are excellent stewards.
 Bisti Fuels Company severed its first coal
at the Navajo Mine for its customer, Navajo Transitional Energy Company, on January 1, 2017. The Navajo Mine is located within the Navajo Nation in New Mexico.
 As evidence of this corporate and individual commitment to the environment, NACoal’s Freedom Mine was recognized by the North Dakota Public Service Commission with its 2016 Excellence in Surface Coal Mining and Reclamation Award. The Freedom Mine completed land recla- mation ahead of schedule and far in advance
of regulatory requirements.
Strategic Initiatives and Long-term View
NACoal’s unconsolidated operations, which constitute a large majority of its earnings and cash flow capabilities, provide a strong core that is central to NACoal’s business model. NACoal has been very fortunate to enter into cost-plus agreements with eight new customers since 2009 to develop or operate new mines, or provide value-added services to customers. Coyote Creek began delivering coal to its customer in mid-2016, Liberty Fuels’ customer began accepting deliveries during the second half of 2016 for startup and testing at its facility, and Bisti Fuels’ customer began accepting deliveries on January 1, 2017. Since 2009, NACoal has also successfully extended a number of key mining contracts with existing customers. NACoal expects to continue to be a low-cost miner of coal for delivery to its customers.
from the 2012 level of $45.2 million through the development and maturation of its newer operations and normal escalation of contractual compensation at its existing operations. Income related to NACoal’s newer mines, including the income from commencement of production at Bisti Fuels and increased deliveries at Liberty Fuels, is expected to advance progress toward this goal in 2017 and beyond. In recent years, generally low U.S. inflation rates have slowed the rate by which fees at unconsolidated mines have escalated, and some newer mines, such as Liberty Fuels, have experienced slower than anticipated growth in customer demand. As a result, achievement of the goal to increase earnings of the unconsolidated operations by 50% is currently expected to occur in 2020 or 2021, later than previously anticipated, with the timing ultimately dependent on future inflation rates and customer demand.
Profitability at MLMC, NACoal’s only operat- ing consolidated coal mine, is affected by its customer’s demand for coal, changes in the indices that determine MLMC’s index-based sales price and actual costs incurred. As diesel fuel is heavily weighted among the indices used to determine coal sales prices, the persistence of low diesel fuel prices negatively affects earnings at MLMC.
NACoal believes that a large majority of consumers in the United States would benefit from a domestic energy policy that balances affordability, energy needs and environmental responsibility. The company believes that, for the foreseeable future, coal must remain an integral
Over the longer term, NACoal continues
to expect that the earnings of its unconsolidated operations will increase by approximately 50%
8
 
part of the nation’s total energy mix for the United States to continue to be competitive in a global economy. NACoal will continue to monitor pending regulations and legislation and will take a leader- ship role to help encourage reasonable regulation by the government. Importantly, NACoal expects to continue to address changes to domestic envi- ronmental regulatory requirements by working collaboratively with its customers, trade associa- tions, representatives of regulatory bodies, and government officials.
Overall, NACoal’s attractive but unusual business model, based largely on long-term cost-plus contracts, provides a solid foundation for all of the company’s coal and limerock mining operations and value-added service businesses. This business model offers generally stable cash flow before financing activities and requires minimal capital investment, other than at MLMC, which will continue to require ongoing replace- ment capital. NACoal will continue to pursue growth as the company’s newer mines reach full production. NACoal expects to continue its record of operational excellence in safety, environmental stewardship and production at each of its mining operations and, over time, to deliver profitability that exceeds its financial objectives.
Given the unsupportive regulatory environ- ment that has existed over the last several years for developing new traditional coal-fired power plants, and based on lessons learned at Centennial, NACoal continues to take an extremely disciplined approach with respect to growth. This includes thoughtful deployment of NACoal’s core skills, strengths and relationships. Opportunities may exist to serve as a cost-plus contract miner for those who continue to need coal for power generation or other processes using coal. Also, strategic growth could come from projects based on new technologies that utilize coal, such as integrated gasification combined cycle power generation, and production of alternative fuels made from coal, as well as other clean coal tech- nologies and non-traditional products derived from coal. NACoal is working with a range of technical experts and potential partners who could help develop projects based on these technologies. NACoal is also well suited to serve as a cost-plus contract miner in non-coal mining operations, such as aggregates or other minerals.
Hamilton Beach Brands
Overview
Hamilton Beach Brands’ (HBB) vision is to be a leading designer, marketer and distributor of small electric household and specialty housewares appliances and of commercial products sold worldwide under preferred brand names, and
to achieve profitable growth from innovative solutions that improve everyday living.
 Hamilton Beach Brands’ focus on consumer- driven innovation led to the development of the FlexBrew® Dual Single-Serve coffeemaker which allows the consumer the flexibility to brew either a single cup of coffee or two cups at once.
 Any significant growth in domestic coal mining opportunities is largely dependent on the United States adopting a more balanced energy policy in which coal continues to play a key role, including through new coal technologies. Developing new opportunities and securing new contracts is a long-term initiative that will take time. This is a significant strategic priority for NACoal.
9
 
HBB develops and invests in several core competencies that are critical to achieving that vision. Most importantly, HBB has a culture based on a foundation of Good Thinking®. Whether developing innovation to address consumers’ unmet needs, solving a challenge in the supply chain or partnering with a retail customer, HBB’s Good Thinking® culture provides a meaningful competitive advantage. The only way to maintain that culture is by hiring and retaining talented and dedicated employees globally. In addition, HBB believes it is best in class at sourcing and logistics, as well as support systems to meet
the needs of retail and commercial customers. HBB pursues market and product development expertise to help ensure that its products delight consumers across the most desirable market opportunities. Finally, HBB maintains and invests in a strong brand portfolio to increase customer and consumer confidence that HBB’s family of products is right for them.
wide range of brands, price points and categories, leveraging its strong brand portfolio which includes Proctor Silex®, Hamilton Beach®, Weston®, Wolf Gourmet®, Hamilton Beach® Professional and a new brand addition, CHI®, in 2017. HBB’s place- ment success during the past several years has enabled the Hamilton Beach® brand to become the number-one small kitchen appliance brand
 The Hamilton Beach® Professional 14-Cup Dicing food processor, one of the products in Hamilton Beach’s premium line of counter-top kitchen appliances, brings commercial quality performance to the consumer’s kitchen.
 Strategic Initiatives and Long-term View
HBB’s vision includes delivering sales of approximately $750 million over time by focusing on its key strategic initiatives. As the company focuses on this target sales level, HBB expects to take advantage of increasing economies of scale to improve its return on sales. HBB’s strategic initiatives are as follows:
in the United States as measured by units sold. Ecommerce: Ecommerce plays a significant role in the industries in which HBB competes.
Placement Expertise: The most impactful component of increasing market presence and profitability is through increasing placements and revenue in HBB’s core North American consumer business. The company’s product and placement track record is strong due to innovation processes centered on understanding and meeting end-user needs and focusing on quality and best-in-class customer service. In the North American consumer market, HBB believes it has a stronger and deeper portfolio of new products than its competitors. HBB will continue to introduce new products across a
The U.S. small appliance industry has one of the highest ecommerce penetration levels, with over 25% of total industry revenue generated through ecommerce partners. Ecommerce penetration in other countries varies significantly, but it is growing quickly in every country where HBB competes. HBB is investing in people, products and capabilities to ensure its global ecommerce sales grow at a faster rate than the industry. Retailers are looking for partners that can not only provide products, but also have the capabili- ties and support for promotion, marketing and distribution programs appropriate for the online
10
 
 channel. As consumers’ shopping habits evolve
to rely more on the Internet, HBB is focused on providing best-in-class retailer support, increasing engagement with end users, including maintaining websites that are appropriate for mobile devices, and enhancing its programs designed to make HBB the preferred partner for small appliances.
International Market Growth: HBB is focused on expanding its retail presence internationally, specifically in the emerging growth markets of Asia and Latin America. To achieve this growth, HBB is working to enhance its understanding
of local consumers’ needs, developing products to meet those needs and increasing sales and marketing resources allocated to these markets, especially in the mid- to high-end segments. While HBB has a long-standing presence in the global commercial products market, HBB’s historical strength in the retail segment has been in the U.S. consumer goods market, with approximately 20% of its total sales occurring outside the United States in 2016. HBB’s objective is to increase international sales to 35 to 45% of total sales
by concentrating on key markets. HBB’s efforts will focus on continuing to expand its established positions in Canada, Mexico, Central America and South America, as well as further expanding HBB’s position in the emerging markets of China and Brazil. HBB expects to selectively pursue other markets primarily by leveraging the Hamilton Beach® and Wolf Gourmet® brands.
Only-the-Best Expansion: HBB has increased focus and investment around its strategy to become a leader in the “only-the-best” high-end small appliance market segment. This segment accounts for approximately one-third of the U.S. small kitchen appliance market as measured by revenue, and the target consumer is financially strong. This “only-the-best” segment offers a strong growth opportunity in an area in which HBB has not historically participated. HBB participates in the “only-the-best” high-end small kitchen appliance market segment through a multi-year licensing agreement with Sub-Zero Group, Inc., which began in 2014. The first phase of Wolf Gourmet® products, including small appliances, cutlery and cookware, is currently available in
a number of North American retail outlets and
is selling well. A robust roadmap of additional product introductions is scheduled over the coming years, and HBB expects to expand distri- bution to additional countries around the globe. In addition, HBB recently launched the Hamilton Beach® Professional line, which was created to leverage HBB’s commercial product development expertise and provide products that enable consumers to achieve professional results at home. HBB is expanding the Weston® brand, which is focused on the food-to-table and farm- to-table segments, to include products sold in the “only-the-best” category. CHI® is the most recent addition to HBB’s brand portfolio. HBB expects to introduce a CHI®-branded garment care line as a result of a multi-year licensing deal with Farouk Systems, Inc., the owner of the CHI® brand and
 Hamilton Beach Brands’ Wolf Gourmet® blender, 4-Slice toaster and 2-Slice toaster are some of the latest products available in a line of luxury countertop appliances created through a licensing agreement with Sub-Zero Group, Inc.
 a proven global leader in the fashion industry.
11
 
Global Commercial Leadership: While HBB has a leading position in the commercial market, it continues to focus on achieving further pene- tration of the global commercial market through a commitment to an enhanced global product line for chains and distributors serving the global food service and hospitality markets. HBB is enhancing its global commercial product line, particularly with innovative, new juicing, blending and mixing platforms, and is strengthening its food service and hospitality offerings to achieve further market penetration in this segment. As the Internet begins to alter the food-service industry from a product marketing, customer penetration and selling perspective, HBB is increasing invest- ments and expertise to ensure it has industry- leading capabilities.
Kitchen Collection
Category and Channel Expansion: Driven
by changes brought about by ecommerce, HBB sees a meaningful opportunity to leverage its brands, sourcing, distribution and ecommerce expertise by expanding more quickly into new appliance categories through ecommerce part- ners. Consumers trust HBB to bring high-quality, safe products to market at the right value propo- sition. Once HBB establishes ecommerce success in a particular new category, it expects to be well positioned to expand those new categories into existing and new physical retail outlets.
Over the past several years, Kitchen Collection has taken a number of strategic steps to position the business to deliver an acceptable financial return in the near term. A number of performance metrics have shown meaningful improvement while other important challenges persist. Kitchen Collection has consistently generated strong gross margins, closed unprofitable stores, reduced the inventory levels needed to run the business, increased cash flow, improved its customer transaction closure rate and reduced overhead costs. While these efforts have signifi- cantly improved and stabilized performance of the business, the progress has not been enough to overcome the challenge of reduced foot traffic to physical retail locations.
HBB made meaningful progress in most segments of its business in 2016. HBB believes it is well-positioned to continue its leadership position in the retail and commercial small appliance industries. Achieving its $750 million sales objective will help move the company toward achieving its near-term financial objective of 8% operating profit margin and its long-term financial objective of a minimum 10% operating profit margin in the years ahead. It also expects to continue to be a substantial generator of cash flow before financing activities, with a continued low level of capital expenditures required.
As the business moves into 2017, Kitchen Collection will continue to focus on the core Kitchen Collection® store format in outlet malls. Additional store closures are likely as Kitchen Collection continues to focus on a smaller core group of profitable Kitchen Collection® outlet stores. The company will continue to optimize its store portfolio with stores in high-traffic locations in strong outlet malls and exit stores that do not generate acceptable returns. Importantly, focus will remain on improving comparable store sales growth. Kitchen Collection expects to accomplish this by increasing customer transaction closure
12
Kitchen Collection’s vision is to be a leading specialty retailer of kitchenware in outlet malls throughout the United States. A shift in consumer shopping patterns has led to declining consumer traffic to physical retail locations and reduced in-store transactions as consumers buy more over the Internet or utilize the Internet for comparison shopping. Financial pressures on middle-market consumers interested in housewares and small appliances continue to persist and have also adversely affected sales trends in these categories over the last few years.
 
 rates through further refinement of its format, ongoing review of specific product offerings, merchandise mix, store displays and appearance, and enhancing customers’ store experience through improved customer interactions. A particular focus will be on increasing sales of higher-margin products. Nonetheless, at the current foot traffic levels, reaching the company’s long-term 5% operating profit margin target will be challenging. Capital expenditures are expected to be modest, and cash flow before financing activities is expected to be positive.
combined with the initiatives now being imple- mented, should improve income and return on total capital employed at each business over
the next few years. In addition, the Company expects North American Coal and Hamilton Beach to generate significant cash flow before financing over time, which it expects to use mainly to pay dividends, repurchase stock, when that is an attractive investment for its shareholders, and reduce debt. Of course, NACoal and HBB will continue to look for internal and external oppor- tunities to expand their range of activities in the long term.
Overall, Kitchen Collection is dealing with a difficult environment and evolving aggressively in a constructive manner.
In May 2016, the Company announced a stock repurchase program, which permits the repurchase of up to $50 million of the Company's outstanding Class A common stock. Since incep- tion, NACCO has repurchased approximately 109,300 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $6.0 million.
Conclusion and NACCO Outlook
NACCO is a strong, multi-industry company with leading businesses in the mining and small appliances industries. The Company continues to believe HBB’s growth opportunities are signifi- cant. NACCO is confident that HBB has the right strategic initiatives in place to move it closer to achieving its long-term growth and financial objectives. While growth opportunities are also significant at NACoal, they are largely based on growth at existing and newer mines and expansion of value-added services for natural resource companies. Both HBB and NACoal will be prudent in pursuing any new opportunities. Kitchen Collection’s long-term prospects at this time are uncertain, but its near-term prospects are positive and should improve. NACCO is well-positioned to support its individual businesses in the years ahead. Each subsidiary is benefitting from programs previously put in place which, when
J.C. Butler, Jr.
nnn
In closing, we would like to thank all of our subsidiaries’ customers, retailers and suppliers, and all of NACCO’s stockholders, for their continued support. Most importantly, we would also like to thank all employees of NACCO and its subsidiary companies for their continued hard work. We continue to have great confidence in the management teams leading each of our subsidiaries and the parent company, and we are confident these teams can successfully implement their respective strategic initiatives
to enhance the Company’s sales and profits over the next few years.
    Alfred M. Rankin, Jr.
Gregory H. Trepp
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer NACCO Industries, Inc.
President and Chief Executive Officer The North American Coal Corporation
President and Chief Executive Officer Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc.
Chief Executive Officer
The Kitchen Collection, LLC
 13
 