 Russell Goldsmith (right) President and CEO
City National Corporation
Chairman and CEO City National Bank
Bram Goldsmith
Chairman
City National Corporation
To our shareholders
In our letter to shareholders one year ago, we concluded by saying, “We believe City National is back on The way up® and that the best is yet to come.” City National’s results for 2010 and its outlook for 2011 demonstrate the continuing accuracy of that conclusion.
In 2010, the company more than doubled its 2009 net income, while making substantially greater investments in its people, products, technology and capabilities to enhance its ability to build long-term shareholder value and to succeed competitively.
In 2010, City National’s total shareholder return was 36 percent, outpacing the median return for the nation’s 50 largest banks, and the company’s market capitalization ended the year above $3 billion once again.

City NatioNal CorporatioN 2010 Summary aNNual report pageS 2-3
One of the keys to City National’s success is the continuing execution of its proven and consistent business model and values.
With the improvement in the u.S. economy in 2010, City National’s performance gained real momentum as the year progressed:
OO The company achieved its 18th consecutive year of profitability, earning $131.2 million – up 156 percent from 2009.
OO Average core deposits grew by a very substantial 28 percent from 2009, to $16.8 billion.
OO Credit quality improved across the board, enabling an 11 percent reduction in the loan loss allowance to $257 million, while still maintaining a very solid 2.26 percent reserve against total loans, excluding FDIC-covered loans.
OO City National acquired two more banks with assistance from the FDIC and successfully completed the integration of three banks.
OO Revenue exceeded $1 billion for the first time as the company solidified, expanded and added important client relationships, and created new product and revenue opportunities.
OO At year end, City National acquired Datafaction,
a leading provider of accounting and imaging software with which we have partnered on products for many years.
OO City National continued to grow its private banking capabilities and personnel and build its wealth management business, which now oversees more than $58 billion in client assets.
OO As a result of its $300 million senior debt offering and the redemption of its trust preferred securities, the company will achieve annual savings of approximately $10 million in 2011 and beyond.
OO In march, City National repaid the u.S. government’s TARP investment after paying dividends of $23.9 million and recording an accretion expense of $10.1 million. In April, City National paid the u.S. government $18.5 million to repurchase its outstanding common stock warrant.
OO City National maintained its quarterly dividend throughout 2010, and then doubled it for the first quarter of 2011.
At the end of 2010, City National’s assets totaled $21.4 billion, making our company the 27th largest American bank and still the largest commercial bank headquartered in Southern California.
Well-Positioned to Grow
What we predicted one year ago about the year
ahead is also true for 2011. Today, City National is well-positioned to improve its performance as the economy improves, thanks to its proven business model, a growing base of deposits, branches, clients and capabilities, improving credit quality, the introduction of new products, greater investments in technology, and the quality, hard work and effectiveness of our growing team of 3,200 talented colleagues.
  
  As was demonstrated again in 2010, City National has the resources, talent, focus, culture, values, reputation and skill to compete, succeed, and meet and exceed client expectations. In fact, emerging from the worst economic crisis and recession in 75 years, City National is now larger, better and stronger than ever before, and its reputation and opportunities for future success have been greatly enhanced.
A Proven Business Model
One of the keys to City National’s success is the con- tinuing execution of its proven and consistent business model and values. For more than half a century,
City National has specialized in serving entrepreneurs, small and mid-size businesses, professionals, affluent households and key local industries in robust urban markets, principally in California. Today, City National combines its tradition of outstanding personal service and strong client relationships with the world-class capabilities of a much larger institution. As one objective demonstration of this, City National recently received 10 client satisfaction awards from Greenwich Associates, which evaluated 750 banks nationwide and granted awards to fewer than 5 percent of them.
An Exceptional Deposit Base
As has been the case for many years, City National’s business model delivers an exceptional deposit base, providing the company with considerable liquidity. Average deposit growth of 25 percent in 2010 was driven by the addition of new clients, the company’s reassuring strength and stability, the expansion of current relation- ships, bank acquisitions, the very low interest rate envi- ronment and the shift of funds from client money-market accounts. With average core deposits’ 28 percent growth pushing City National to a truly remarkable core deposit base of 94 percent, City National has substantial low-cost funding to fund its loan growth as the economy recovers further and loan demand increases.
Earnings and Revenue ($ in millions)
City National recorded its 18th consecutive year of profitability, earning $131.2 million. Revenue grew 19 percent from 2009 – exceeding $1 billion for the first time – as the company continued to invest strategically in its capabilities and expand its presence in California, Nevada and New York.
OO Net Interest Income OO Noninterest Income – Net Income
 1200
1000
800
600
400
200
0
City National posted earnings per diluted share of $2.36 in 2010. Its core earnings power and capital base remain strong, and the company is well-positioned for the continuing but moderate economic recovery and the opportunities it presents.
$5
$4
$3
$2
$1 $0
     2006 2007 2008 2009 2010
Earnings Per Diluted Share ($)
      2006 2007 2008 2009 2010
earnings Per Diluted Share earnings and Revenue

City NatioNal CorporatioN 2010 Summary aNNual report pageS 4-5
Clearly the worst is well behind us. In 2010, credit provisions came down steadily.
Improving Credit Quality
Certainly, lower credit costs were very significant in driving net income growth in 2010. In fact, credit quality has steadily improved since the third quarter of 2009, thanks in part to improvements in the economy, the effective work of our clients and so many of our bankers, attorneys and credit professionals.
Net charge-offs fell 42 percent from 2009 to $130.3 million. Loans on nonaccrual, excluding those covered by FDIC loss-sharing agreements, fell 51 percent. At year end, nonaccrual loans represented 1.68 percent of total loans, excluding covered loans.
The credit trend is City National’s friend; clearly the worst is well behind us. In 2010, the credit provision came down steadily, and in the fourth quarter of last year it totaled just $3 million.
City National’s loan portfolio is conservatively underwritten and managed. For example, 38 percent
of the portfolio, excluding covered loans, consists of high-quality home mortgage loans (almost all jumbos) and home equity lines to private client borrowers, with average loan-to-value ratios of 57 percent and 53 percent at origination, respectively. City National has been making home mortgage and equity loans for well over
a decade, and its combined portfolio now stands at
$4.3 billion.
In 2010, the company reduced its exposure to commercial real estate and construction. Loans to
home builders fell from 2 percent of all loans (excluding covered loans) at the end of 2009 to 1 percent at year- end 2010.
Approximately 40 percent of the commercial real estate mortgage portfolio consists of loans on owner- occupied properties, which have fared well during the recession.
At year end, City National maintained a healthy reserve level of 2.26 percent of total loans (excluding covered loans).
Investing in Our Future
A Growing Network of Banking Offices
During the past two years, City National has dramatically increased its investments in the future
of its franchise across the board. Among other things, City National continued to build stronger critical mass and brand recognition in the communities it serves
in California, New York and Nevada by expanding its network of banking offices from 64 at the end of 2009 to 78 in the next couple of months.
Last year, the company successfully integrated
three FDIC-assisted bank acquisitions, adding 10 new branches and consolidating 12 more. Together, they enabled us to safely and profitably deploy some of
City National’s considerable liquidity and capital. These three acquisitions were responsible for $2.6 billion of new deposits, and $2.2 billion of new earning assets largely sheltered from risk by the FDIC. They have given City National important new branches, many new clients and some talented new colleagues.
Five of these new branches came from San Diego- based 1st Pacific Bank, adding substantially to
City National’s three offices in San Diego County and
  
  greatly expanding the bank’s presence in that sprawling California county.
Las Vegas-based Sun West Bank added two banking offices, raising City National’s presence in Nevada to 10 offices.
These two acquisitions followed the acquisition of Imperial Capital Bank in December 2009, which added three offices in California.
All three acquisitions have strengthened the bank’s presence in its markets. The success of these challenging acquisitions was made possible by hundreds of talented and hard-working colleagues.
In the first quarter of 2011, City National added
two more banking offices, and two additional offices are opening this spring. The company acquired its second branch location in San Jose, America’s 10th largest city. It was City National’s fourth new San Francisco Bay Area office in two years, bringing to 11 its offices throughout the Bay Area.
The company added its second New York City location in midtown manhattan, positioning it to better serve both Broadway and its growing client base of lawyers, accountants, business managers, entrepreneurs, investors and other businesses in New York.
And to better serve its clients in its home base of Los Angeles, two new offices are opening in Brentwood and Pacific Palisades.
All in all, City National’s branch network will have grown a remarkable 26 percent since the start of 2009, adding deposits, revenue, expense, brand awareness and many opportunities for every division of City National going forward.
Talented Colleagues
City National’s investments in its future are especially reflected in the addition of about 300 colleagues in the past three years.
In 2010, the company recruited a number of experi- enced and skilled private client advisors and bankers
to its regional offices in Orange County, San Jose,
San Francisco and New York. Of course many colleagues were hired to staff the new branches and to oversee
and manage the assets and liabilities that City National
Average Loans1 ($ in billions)
Average loans, excluding loans covered by loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC, totaled $11.6 billion in 2010 –
a challenging year for loan growth. City National has ample liquidity to fund loans to creditworthy borrowers
as the economy gains momentum and business confidence improves.
1 Excludes FDIC-covered loans
OOOCommercial
OOOConstruction and Commercial Real Estate OOOResidential Mortgage
OOOEquity Lines of Credit
OOOOther
    12
9
6
3 0
Deposit balances grew at double-digit rates to $17.9 billion in 2010, thanks in large part to City National’s three FDIC- assisted bank acquisitions, the addition of new clients and the shift of funds from client money-market accounts. Average core deposits were up 28 percent from 2009, and they now equal 94 percent of the company’s total balances.
 2006 2007 2008
2009 2010
Average Deposits ($ in billions)
 OOOCore OOOOther
20 15
10
5 0
     2006 2007 2008
2009 2010
Average Deposits Average Loans

City NatioNal CorporatioN 2010 Summary aNNual report pageS 6-7
City National’s compelling combination
of a strong private bank and diverse wealth management capabilities was recognized for the 10th year in a row by Barron’s.
obtained in its three FDIC-assisted acquisitions. We also recently added an experienced full-time diversity manager to accelerate the diversity of City National’s client and colleague base.
In today’s world, delivering financial services effectively and competitively is about much more than bricks and mortar, which is why we place such a high priority on our people, products and technology.
Outstanding Technology and New Products
In many ways, City National is a new products company and a technology company. In 2010, we made significant investments in these areas.
As a key part of the value proposition for a growing client base of healthcare professionals, the company recently rolled out its new innovative HealthCare Payment Automation system that combines medical lockbox processing with technology to streamline the management of revenue and insurance claims for these specialized practices.
City National added many new or enhanced products in 2010, including the introduction of a new Visa Signature® Credit Card with robust benefits. This spring, we will introduce the City National Crystal Card with even more perks and benefits.
As a part of the company’s growing commitment to innovative technology, City National acquired Datafaction, an accounting software firm that has worked closely with City National for over 20 years, serving the specialized needs of entertainment business managers and professional services firms.
With this acquisition and City National’s innova- tive eASI LinkSm software, the company will be able to accelerate the development of new, state-of-the-art solu- tions that save time, improve accuracy and profitability, and strengthen data security and payment processing for a growing number of clients even beyond the business management community.
A Substantial Wealth Management Business
With client investment assets under management or administration totaling more than $58 billion and
$158 million of fee income in 2010, City National has a substantial wealth management business.
That is 9 percent more than City National generated from this business in 2009, but it is considerably less than what we expect to generate as economic conditions improve, interest rates and investor confidence rise, and City National’s wealth management business continues to progress.
City National Wealth management offers a full
range of investment management and advisory solutions through any one or a combination of its broad resources:
1. City National’s brand entities: City National Asset management (CNAm), City National Securities and City National Retirement Services.
2. Convergent Wealth Advisors, with its strong value proposition and focus on ultra-high-net-worth clients primarily in metropolitan Washington, D.C., Los Angeles and New York, as well as institutional clients across the u.S.

  3. Lee munder Capital Group, an experienced and highly regarded institutional money manager based in Boston with $4.9 billion in assets under management.
4. matthews International, the leading American mutual fund focused solely on Asia’s rapid economic growth. In 2003, when we acquired our minority interest in matthews, the firm managed approximately $600 million in assets. Today, it oversees more than $19 billion.
In addition to these four areas, City National also
holds majority interests in four other boutique investment affiliates.
City National’s compelling combination of a strong private bank and outstanding and diverse wealth management capabilities was recognized for the 10th year in a row by Barron’s, which named City National to its list of the nation’s top wealth managers and to its list of America’s leading private banks. Remarkably, four leaders of Convergent Wealth Advisors were named to Barron’s list of the Top 100 Independent Financial Advisors
in America – the only firm in America with so many advisors in that elite group.
Adding to its talented team in 2011, CNAm recently welcomed Bruce Simon as its new chief investment officer to better enable it to grow to the next level.
Disciplined Capital Management
City National took several important steps to further strengthen its capital base in 2010.
OO In march, City National repurchased its remaining $200 million of TARP preferred stock and its warrant from the u.S. Treasury Department.
OO In September, City National issued $300 million
of senior notes to redeem $250 million of trust preferred securities, significantly reducing its interest expense by approximately $10 million annually.
At year end, the company had $2 billion in total equity and remained well-capitalized with a Tier 1 common equity ratio of 10.3 percent.
Assets Under Management or Administration ($ in billions)
City National has built a substantial wealth management business for a bank its size. Assets under management or administration reached $58.5 billion, including nearly $37 billion under direct management. For the 10th year
in a row, Barron’s magazine named City National to its list of America’s top wealth managers.
OOOAdministration OOOManagement
   60 50 40 30 20 10 0
City National ranks as the nation’s 27th largest bank, with $21.4 billion in total assets. The company has emerged from the recession larger, financially stronger and better able to serve its growing client base.
   2006 2007 2008
2009 2010
Total Corporate Assets ($ in billions)
25 20 15
10
5 0
      2006 2007 2008
2009 2010
Total Corporate Assets
Assets under management or Administration

City NatioNal CorporatioN 2010 Summary aNNual report pageS 8-9
City National has emerged from this terrible recession with greater resources and opportunities than ever before.
In light of City National’s capital strength, its 2010 net income and its outlook for 2011, in January of this year the board of directors approved a 100 percent increase in City National’s quarterly cash dividend
to $0.20 per share. This returns the dividend to the company’s long-standing target payout ratio of 30 to 35 percent of the prior year’s earnings. We believe this strikes a healthy, appropriate and conservative balance of both rewarding shareholders and retaining and building substantial capital.
Looking Forward in 2011
As this is written and absent any significant negative events, the economy in 2011 appears likely to deliver GDP growth somewhere in the neighborhood of 2.5 to 3.5 percent.
While no particularly dramatic improvement is anticipated in any one sector, and housing, construction, commercial real estate and employment will continue
to lag the economy, there are many positive trends
and some real forward momentum. Recognizing this
as well as our continuing commitments to our clients, City National continued throughout 2010 to lend to qualified borrowers with attractive credit terms and to provide other important financial services. As a result, City National saw loan growth with its private clients and its commercial and industrial clients, including entertainment clients, mid-size companies, small businesses and quick-service restaurant franchise operators in the second half of the year.
The Impact of Financial Reform
As every shareholder knows, in 2010 the massive Dodd-Frank legislation became law. While it contains a number of positive reforms, it also contains many uncertainties and flaws (most seriously the Durbin Amendment on debit card interchange fees).
Throughout 2011, the industry and the government will work their way through a period of unprecedented rule-making that will determine to a considerable extent how well the legislation will ultimately work. Although the legislation will add to the cost and complexity of doing business (and already has begun to do so), we believe its ultimate impact on City National will be manageable.
City National is actually positioned much more favorably than many of the biggest banks because we do not have to raise capital, our earnings were not fueled
by trading revenue, derivatives, subprime mortgages or mortgage securitizations, and, in fact, the recent rate assessment revisions wisely and appropriately adopted by the FDIC actually will reduce our premiums significantly.
In Appreciation
We are very proud and appreciative of the opportunity to serve as the Chairman and CeO of this great company, and to work with so many outstanding colleagues and clients on behalf of the communities and shareholders of City National.
First, we want to express our appreciation to you – City National’s shareholders – for your continuing support and confidence in City National.
    
 Of course, we thank the thousands of clients of City National for their relationships, their business, their trust and their referrals. City National remains committed to serving as their trusted financial partner on The way up®.
We are grateful to City National’s outstanding board of directors for its continuing guidance, counsel and support. In 2010, we were pleased with the excellent addition of Alison Davis to the board. Based in San Francisco, Alison has extensive experience and expertise in both banking and asset management as an executive, consultant, investor and director.
We also are very grateful to City National’s talented, dedicated and hard-working 3,200 colleagues, led by our talented executive committee, who together under challenging circumstances delivered excellent results for our clients, communities and shareholders.
In particular, we thank our company’s president, Chris Warmuth, its chief financial officer, Chris Carey, and its chief credit officer, Brian Fitzmaurice, for their outstanding leadership and effectiveness through these past two years.
In addition to their remarkable professional accom- plishments, many of our City National colleagues and clients again made significant contributions to the communities that City National serves. City National
is proud to support them in their efforts. One example is City National’s award-winning Reading is The way up® literacy program, which has donated more than 80,000 books to public school libraries in California, Nevada and New York, and has awarded more than $400,000 in teacher grants to enhance literacy. If children don’t learn to read and develop a thirst for knowledge, their educa- tion, their careers and their lives will be terribly dimin- ished, as will the economies of our communities.
All children deserve a good education, especially
the children of our City National colleagues. So last year, we introduced the City National Scholars program, which provides college scholarship funds to a number
of top-performing high school students whose parents work here.
Conclusion
In 2010, City National performed very well in a very constrained economic environment. The company achieved strong results and created real shareholder value. It also increased its investments in its future and found new ways to better serve its clients and create growth. City National has emerged from a terrible recession with greater resources and opportunities than ever before. The results of the past two years have vividly demonstrated that City National has the right focus, values, business model, management team, capabilities and colleagues to serve its clients, shareholders and communities very well in the years ahead.
Thank you.
Russell Goldsmith
President and CEO
City National Corporation
Chairman and CEO City National Bank
Bram Goldsmith
Chairman
City National Corporation
march 4, 2011
   