TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
In December 2006, Bank Director magazine pub- lished its annual survey by Sandler O’Neill & Partners of the top 150 U.S. banks and rated City National as the nation’s fourth best bank.
In 2006, earnings per share grew to $4.66, up from $4.60 in 2005; net income was $233.5 million on revenue of $848 million.
City National’s return on average equity was 15.99 percent; its return on assets was 1.59 percent – both superior performances.
In fact, we were tied for third tion is especially meaningful measures a comprehensive range of performance metrics that reflect the quality, strength and value of City National and ranks us among the very best of the nation’s most important banks.
place. This recogni- because the survey
  This superior rating and
City National’s solid perform-
ance on nearly every front in
2006 are measures of our
company’s outstanding combination of colleagues, clients and capabilities, all of which aligned again last year to build long-term value. In 2006, total assets grew to nearly $15 billion, excellent invest- ments were made, credit quality remained outstanding, new products and services were launched, expansion continued, two important acquisitions were announced, our colleagues performed well and costs were contained appro- priately. However, earnings per share growth was nominal, due to higher deposit pricing and tighter margin spreads in a flat yield curve environment affecting the entire banking industry, plus additional costs created by the requirement to expense stock options.
Loan growth was significant. Average loans grew 12 percent and total balances finished the year above $10 billion for the first time. Commercial loans and single-family mortgages led the way, but commercial real estate and construction loans also increased. This strong level of loan growth was achieved with- out sacrificing credit quality
Russell Goldsmith
President and CEO City National Corporation
Bram Goldsmith
Chairman
City National Corporation
1
standards and reflects both continued client retention and the addition of new clients.
In 2006, credit quality was again excellent. Loan recoveries exceeded charge-offs and non- performing assets remained very low. The compa- ny required no provision for credit losses and ended the year with reserves amounting to 150 basis points of total loans, which placed City National in the top 10 percent of America’s 50 largest banks in this significant category.
Noninterest income grew robustly, up 15 per- cent from 2005, due in part to the company’s acqui- sition of Independence Investments LLC in May and the continued growth of our asset management affiliates and City National’s wealth management

division. Earnings tied to trust, investment, broker- age and mutual fund fees grew at double-digit rates. So too did income from our strong international trade finance and foreign currency division. At year-end, noninterest income accounted for about 29 percent of City National’s total revenue, up from 25 percent in 2005.
City National’s financial condition remains strong. The company’s capital position is excellent. Its credit ratings are better than
99 percent of all U.S. banking
companies. Standard & Poor’s
raised the corporation’s rating
to “A-” in 2006. This year,
Moody’s raised the corpora-
tion’s rating to “A1” and the
bank’s rating to “Aa3”.
In January 2007, the com-
pany again delivered on its
commitment to building long-
term shareholder value by rais-
ing its cash dividend for the
13th consecutive year. This
12 percent increase brought
the annual dividend to $1.84 per
share. In addition, in 2006 the corporation repur- chased 2.3 million shares of stock at an average cost of $69.01 per share – the most significant stock buy-back investment that our company has ever made in a single year.
Financial strength also enables City National to capitalize effectively upon attractive strategic opportunities like the acquisitions of Independence Investments and Business Bank of Nevada.
Every year presents its own particular challenges, of course, and 2006 was certainly no exception. Like the rest of the banking indus-
try, City National faced higher deposit costs. As a business and private bank with very high levels of demand deposits, City National was particularly affected by this turn of events, as some of our clients shifted some funds from demand deposit accounts into higher-yielding deposit and investment instruments. It is worth pointing out, however, that City National added two dollars in non-equity wealth management assets
for every one transferred from core deposits.
It is also important to note that City National responded to the changing deposit environ- ment and effectively retained and expanded its exceptional client base. In addition, even with the shifts in our funding base, the cost of funds at City National remains signifi- cantly lower on average than America’s top 50 banks.
At year-end 2006, deposits stood at $12.2 billion, a new high-water mark for
City National. Almost half of those deposits were noninterest-bearing, a very high percentage.
Although higher deposit costs reduced City National’s net interest income and its average net interest margin to 4.58 percent, this margin is still one of the highest in the banking industry. In the fourth quarter of 2006, short-term interest rates were stable and deposit levels rose. If this signals a trend and our client base continues to expand, as we anticipate, we would expect to see stable to modest deposit growth in 2007.
 QUALITY
Bank Director magazine recently rated City National fourth among the nation’s top 150 banks, reflecting the quality, strength and value of this company.
2

Quality, Focus and Execution
Bank Director also published an article observing that success in banking is largely the product of focus and execution. While there are other critical elements, certainly these two qualities have been important ingredients in City National’s success for more than 53 years.
City National is not all things to all people – and does not try to be. Its capabilities are tailored principally around meeting all of the distinct financial needs and objectives – both personal and business – of a specific clientele: professionals, investors, entrepreneurs and their small to mid- size businesses. A combination of things sets City National apart and gives our company an edge over its competitors. These things include City National’s value proposition; its expertise in key California industries; its geographic reach in the dynamic economies of Southern California, the San Francisco Bay Area, New York City and now Nevada; the commitment of our colleagues to outstanding relationship-driven, client-centric service; and state-of-the-art banking and wealth management capabilities.
Today, with our concentrated, strategic focus, more than $15 billion in bank assets and a talented team of more than 2,800 colleagues, City National provides its clients with a broad array of outstand- ing banking and investment solutions, ranging from business credit, cash management and internation- al trade finance to jumbo home mortgage loans, private banking and investment services. Most of the bank’s private and commercial banking clients use products from four or more of our seven product categories. Not many companies possess City National’s extensive capabilities, and fewer
still can deliver them from 15 local, full-service regional centers with the exceptional client service and excellent personnel that distinguish our company. And even fewer truly perform as trusted financial advisors, as City National’s colleagues often do.
One reason for City National’s strong execu- tion is its pay-for-performance compensation philosophy, which is closely aligned with the inter- ests of shareholders. This company makes it clear to its colleagues that consistent, quality earnings growth is also The way up® to their financial rewards. Earnings grew slowly last year, and reduc- tions in incentive compensation – particularly at the Executive Committee level – reflect that fact.
City National’s business strategy, capabilities and execution enable us to forge exceptionally strong long-term relationships with successful entrepreneurs, business owners, investors and pro- fessionals in some of the nation’s largest and most significant urban communities, from San Diego to Los Angeles to the San Francisco Bay Area, and now from Las Vegas to Reno to New York.
Client loyalty at City National reflects the suc- cessful execution of its relationship model and value proposition. Half of City National’s clients have been with the bank for at least 10 years. One- quarter of them have been doing business with City National for more than two decades. The bank’s client retention and satisfaction rates are exceptionally strong.
Looking Forward
City National, the largest bank headquartered in Los Angeles, is stronger today than it’s ever been and optimistic about its future. This year,
3

City National will open new offices in California, expand into Nevada, and strengthen and grow its client relationships through improved sales efforts and the continuing development of additional banking and wealth management products.
For all of its success over the years, City National still has a relatively small market share in large and growing markets. We believe there are many opportunities for continued growth – most importantly in California, which remains the bank’s central focus.
California is the eighth largest economy in the world and a national leader in everything from entertainment to international trade, from tourism to technology, from manufacturing to agriculture, from professional services to creative design, and in its economic diversity and entrepreneurial drive. The 11 California counties that City National serves are home to more than 27 million people, 150,000 businesses and 500,000 millionaire house- holds. Our company serves California through a growing and upgraded network of branch offices and regional centers, which we continue to expand and improve.
During the last two years, City National has opened or relocated seven banking offices in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties. We have now largely completed the relocation of almost one-third of our organization into City National Plaza, the company’s outstanding and very visible administrative headquarters in downtown L.A.
In 2007, City National will open two more California banking offices – one in Ontario and a new upgraded Century City regional office, con- solidating two offices in that important business
center. City National also is expanding into other attractive growing markets where we see connec- tivity to our clients and to California, as well as competitive opportunities.
Several years ago, City National opened a private banking office in New York City, initially to serve bicoastal and entertainment clients. The office has grown meaningfully, in part because today it also is serving professionals and reaching out to law firms, accounting firms, business managers and other businesses and individuals based in Manhattan.
Expanding into Nevada
City National’s $167 million acquisition of Business Bank Corporation, the parent company of Business Bank of Nevada, is our ninth bank acquisition in 12 years. It is a great strategic fit for both com- panies, their clients and their communities.
At year-end 2006, Business Bank of Nevada had assets of $508 million, deposits of $457 mil- lion and loans of $389 million. Business Bank of Nevada has been one of Nevada’s leading inde- pendent business banks, with seven branch offices, including three in Las Vegas. This merger brings the total number of City National’s branch offices to 61 and the number of our full-service regional centers to 15.
The addition of Business Bank of Nevada gives City National the ability to serve businesses, entrepreneurs, professionals and investors in what has been the fastest-growing state in America for nearly two decades. Nevada has strong ties to the California markets and clients we serve. Prior to the acquisition, City National’s real estate division
4

already had built a $100 million loan portfolio in Nevada with both California- and Nevada- based clients. We expect those existing client relationships to grow as the result of this expan- sion into Nevada.
The Nevada clients of both banks will see a number of benefits from this merger, including much larger credit capabilities, outstanding private banking and wealth management services, state- of-the-art online cash manage-
ment solutions and added
convenience. The changes will
become more visible once the
computer systems are integrat-
ed and the signs are converted
to City National in the second
quarter of 2007.
We’re particularly pleased
that Business Bank of Nevada’s
talented leadership team has
agreed to lead our Nevada
expansion. The company’s very
effective CEO, John Guedry,
will be responsible for our new
Nevada region and serve as a
member of City National’s Executive Committee. In 2007, we will expand the capabilities of our new bank there by investing in additional Nevada colleagues and by opening two new offices in important Las Vegas locations.
As we focus on 2007, the economic outlook is, fortunately, reasonably good. In California, employment and personal income continue to rise, thanks in large part to continuing growth in the business services sector. Tourism is strong. So is international trade, with California exports contin- uing to rise. The entertainment, technology and
manufacturing industries are doing reasonably well. Real estate sales have moderated, but home prices have held up for the most part and commercial rents and occupancy levels are reaching new highs.
In Nevada, the overall economy also remains strong. Employment continues to grow. Tourism is on the rise. (There were nearly 39 million visitors to Las Vegas alone last year.) Gaming revenue is up. While housing construction has slowed, the
growth of residential sales and permits is still above the nation- wide average. Commercial vacancy rates also have trend- ed lower and the construction of commercial facilities is on the rise.
In addition to expanding geographically, City National continues to invest in the devel- opment of new and more advanced capabilities, products and services. To help attract and better serve small and mid-size business clients, the company has steadily built
a very strong cash management business that generates valuable deposit balances and recurring fee income.
Last year, City National launched City National E-Deposit, our excellent remote deposit capture capability, that offers businesses the convenience of processing checks and making deposits with- out ever leaving their offices. We will continue to market the product aggressively in 2007, using it as a means of securing, enhancing and adding client relationships that grow deposits. With this important product, clients can improve their cash
 FOCUS
City National’s capabilities are tailored to meet the financial needs and objectives – personal and business – of professionals, investors, entrepreneurs and their businesses.
5

flow, while saving both time and money. City National was one of the first California banks to roll out this product, and by the end of 2006, hundreds of our clients, including a number of new ones and some with out-of-state operations, were using this state-of-the-art capability. To date, more than $2 billion has been deposited into the bank through E-Deposit.
City National’s significant and growing wealth management business is anoth-
er important component of our
commitment to meet all of our
clients’ personal and business
financial needs as well as to
grow City National’s noninter-
est income.
Many of City National’s
clients accumulate considerable
wealth and need outstanding
professional investment advice
and management. This organi-
zation can help them meet
their investment needs through
appropriate planning, asset
allocation and diversification
over a broad array of asset classes, principally through City National Asset Management, City National Securities and our nine asset management affiliates.
Collectively, City National and its affiliates manage or administer more than $48 billion of client investment assets. Since 2001, assets under management or administration have grown at a compound annual rate of 20 percent. Five years ago, City National managed or administred assets for only 8 percent of its banking clients. Today, the number is 14 percent. We expect to continue
to significantly increase both the percentage and the depth of our investment management for clients over time.
The 2006 acquisition of Independence Investments expanded City National’s asset man- agement capabilities in the growing institutional market, and made a strong addition to our team of affiliated investment firms. Independence is a well- established, high-quality 24-year-old investment
firm that manages approximate- ly $8 billion of U.S. equities on behalf of institutional clients.
Underscoring City National’s wealth management expertise, for the sixth year in a row, Barron’s magazine named City National to its list of America’s top wealth managers. City National’s wealth manage- ment business has provided a reliable and dynamically growing income stream for our shareholders. It accounts for most of the company’s non- interest income growth. We
are committed to the business and believe we can continue to grow it for the benefit of both our clients and shareholders.
California’s share of world trade is growing, and we continue to add resources and capabilities to take advantage of emerging opportunities and to provide our clients with what they need in the global economy. International banking services fees rose 13 percent in 2006 and will be an ongo- ing source of noninterest income moving forward. The bank’s strong international team has expand- ed and enhanced its export finance capabilities
 EXECUTION
Commitment to outstanding relationship-driven, client- centric service and state-of- the-art capabilities gives City National an edge over its competitors.
6

and bolstered its ties with the U.S. Export- Import Bank.
In 2006, we also formed an important, exclu- sive cooperative alliance with the Bank of East Asia, the largest independent bank headquartered in Hong Kong, with extensive contacts and offices in China. This new relationship enables the clients of both companies to take better advantage of growing commercial opportunities in and between China and the United States.
In addition to expanding into select markets and facilities and strengthening our capabilities, City National continues to make the investments necessary to protect credit quality; enhance risk management and compliance; attract, incentivize and retain the best bankers and wealth managers in the business; and reach out aggressively to existing and potential clients.
Appreciation
As always, so many people contributed to City National’s success in 2006 – far more than we can name here – and we express our deep appre- ciation to all of them. We particularly want to thank our outstanding Boards of Directors and Executive Committee, whose many contributions and wise counsel we value greatly.
We also want to welcome to the Boards of both City National Bank and City National Corporation their three newest members. These individuals bring a strong variety of experiences, expertise and per- spectives to City National. They are: Linda Griego, a successful Los Angeles entrepreneur and civic leader with significant experience in banking and on boards of directors; Ash Israni, a very success- ful entrepreneur based in San Diego, with a wide
range of real estate holdings throughout California; and Bruce Rosenblum, president of the Warner Bros. Television Group, who oversees Warner’s world- wide television production, distribution and broad- cast network businesses.
Special thanks are also due to City National’s remarkable clients – the thousands of talented entrepreneurs, professionals, investors and busi- ness owners who inspire and enrich our society with their energy and imagination, their commit- ment and their contributions. We are proud to support their accomplishments.
City National’s success is, of course, particu- larly attributable to our 2,800 outstanding colleagues. We appreciate the dedication, effectiveness and integrity they bring to this company and its clients every day.
City National’s success for more than half a century also is a reflection of the economic vigor and quality of life that can be found in the many robust and diverse communities we serve. We support these communities through lending, finan- cial services, investments, economic development initiatives, job creation and philanthropy.
Importantly, many of our colleagues also contribute their time, resources and efforts to the communities we serve. In 2006, City National con- tinued to promote childhood literacy through its Reading is The way up program. Since launching this program in 2002, City National has donated more than 20,000 books to California elementary school libraries, contributed $1.8 million in education grants, and helped open nearly 20 new elementary school libraries through The Wonder of Reading, a remarkable nonprofit literacy organ- ization in Los Angeles. Reading is The way up also has enabled many colleagues to volunteer their
7

time in local schools and introduced hundreds of children to the joy of reading and the expansion of knowledge. City National is pleased to invest in and remains committed to the education of chil- dren – our most precious resource and obligation.
City National also tries to conserve natural resources and protect the environment. Last year, for example, City National recycled more than 100,000 pounds of paper, and since 2003 the com- pany has contributed more than $1 million to protect air quality by encouraging colleagues and providing incentives to use public transportation. City National Plaza is outfitted with many energy- saving devices and employs eco-friendly policies as we continue to find ways to reduce our energy consumption and moderate responsibly our overall impact on the environment. This annu- al report is printed on recycled paper, as are the majority of our marketing materials. In 2007, we intend to extend our commitment to protecting the environment by reaching out to our clients and suppliers with advice and assistance to facilitate their environmental efforts through our new Green Ladder program.
Sincerely,
Russell Goldsmith
President and CEO
City National Corporation
Chairman and CEO City National Bank
City National maintains and strengthens its community ties with advice and assistance from a network of advisory boards that bring together clients plus outstanding local business and civic leaders. We value their participation and advice greatly. This year, we created two new boards – one to further enhance our knowledge and pres- ence in the entertainment industry and another that will help us to better serve California’s large entrepreneurial Hispanic community. We thank the dedicated members of all of our advisory boards for their counsel and support.
Finally, we want to express our gratitude to you – the shareholders – for the confidence you have placed in City National. Our entire organiza- tion is fiercely determined to retain and enhance your confidence by continuing to deliver quality earnings growth and building superior share- holder value in the years ahead. Looking forward, City National will build upon its great base and reach further toward its full potential as the premier private and business bank in California and beyond.
  March 1, 2007
8
Bram Goldsmith
Chairman
City National Corporation
